user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,236110,34729078,Posted: 3 September,all,Rabid Lemming,"Come listen to my tale...Once upon a time there was a fantasy realm in a land called beta. This land was attacked by evil minions of all kinds. Brave heros came to defend this realm. It was fun. Then the realm started fell prey to an even greater evil.The ones known as The Developers made constant changes to every system in the land including the gold economy, getting equipment and progressing forward to challenge greater foes. Now the heros all have sad faces. Tougher heroes are forced to fight weaker enemies to earn glyphs. Weaker heroes are forced to depend on higher heroes to do all the work for them as they cannot earn good enough gear to battle the monsters their own size. Overall the kingdom suffers from a major gold shortage and the blacksmiths refuse to help any hero upgrade an item for anything less than 360,000 gold. War profiteers!Now the land lies in ruins and many heros are content to simply let it burn to the ground. Let the orcs have their way with the pricess. May the goblins drink the finest wines from the cellars of the castle. As for this hero, he will not be returning to these lands ever again."
,Not Recommended,236110,23448527,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Triceracop,"So the core DD experience is here. If that's all your looking for, than your good. However as someone who paid for the game before it went free to play and ended up buying a bit of the ""premium currency"". I didn't think that much into it because the currency was almost entirely for cosmetic stuff. Fast forward to today. I picked it up again after a lengthy break (almost a year). First thing I noticed was: Damn this game is STILL in early access?!. The second thing was the new characters locked behind a paywall requiring you to invest tens of hours into it just to unlock ONE, or fork over cash for them. I regret every penny I put down on this game. After investing all the money I did and hundreds of hours of play time I still have characters locked behind a paywall. That is unacceptable."
76561197976715143,Not Recommended,236110,32594132,Posted: 20 June,all,Deadite AGK,"Earl’s Access Burgers:I’m hungry… I drive by a new burger joint that just opened up and decided to give it a try. “Hi Earl!” I proclaim, “I enjoyed a burger at your dad’s old place, Jeff’s Done Burgers, and I was looking into purchasing a delicious burger from you today! Just give me that delicious hamburger whenever you can Earl, no rush” Earl takes my order and I pay him the $14.99 up front for my soon to be burger. Earl promptly supplies me with a plate with two buns and lettuce and pleads that he just needs a little more time… I wait patiently.Time passes… boredom onsets… and Earl finally emerges from the back with a strange cocky grin on his face. He has two new plates with him this time that have onion and cheese on one and tomato and pickle on the other. I say “Oh great Earl, we are about ready for my burger huh?,” Earl replies “ Well actually, I took a break from cooking the burger and prepared these delicious additions to go along with your burger.”I admit,  it feels slightly odd that Earl stopped working on the burger to work on these sides to go on the burger, I accept anyways. I reach out to grab these items from the plate as Earl’s hand swiftly smacks my hand away in a pompous anger as he explains… ” Sorry sir, both of these additions to your burger will be another $6.99 each.” I argue with Earl that I have already paid for the idea of a completed burger in advance, how can you say these are supplementary items when I have not yet received what I paid for to begin with?Earl retreats to the back with both plates in hand as I sit confused and with a feeling of being taken advantage of.  I stare out the window, it begins to rain… minutes turn into hours….the storm clears… how long have I been waiting for this burger??Earl explodes from the back, shouting and proclaiming that he has made the ultimate burger and proceeds to put up posters all over the store to show off his burger making skills. He then stops at my table, takes my plate with the bun and lettuce and throws it in the trash. With a giant grin he then says “I have made the ultimate burger it is delicious! I am so generous that I will provide you this burger, free of charge!” Earl then sets down a plate with only the burger patty on it. I look up at him in bewilderment… “What is this Earl?” Earl then explains his new business model for his store “FREE BURGER PATTIES FOR ALL! You can then buy separately every side item that you want to go with your burger and not pay for the sides you don’t want!”Earl swats away my hand again as I reach out for the side items to complete my burger… “Sorry sir but with this new business model, you will need to individually pay for every side.” I argue with Earl that I have already paid for a completed burger and not only did he not deliver what he promised, but what I already paid for and am rightfully due.We argue and yell… I ask Earl “You know what, forget it! I would just like my money back Earl!”  Earl replies “Sorry sir, you have waited too long in this store to qualify for a refund.” I now have exceeded my patience and at this moment I don’t even give a s^%t about this burger anymore and I storm off to my car and leave for home… hungry, disappointed and angry.On the way to work on the following day, I drive by Earl’s Access Burgers and to my surprise, it has gone up in flames over night. Greatly no one was injured in the blaze of beef and wood. The discount shoe store and Hispanic bakery now look lonely with no establishment between them. After the initial shock of the building I just spent so much time in being completely gone, a strange smirk appears across my lips and a flutter of joy washes over me. I realize that the restaurant industry as a whole will not miss Earl’s Access Burgers and with its demise, be all the better for it.Leave this industry Earl… you are a greedy pestilence and you set the entire industry back with your actions."
76561197991501320,Not Recommended,236110,31737724,Posted: 13 May,all,Blank Stare,"This game is going down faster than a $5 hooker.In this current state: Avoid.  Trendy absolutely ruined any chance this game had with the latest big update and they are in complete denial claiming the majority of players like the new changes.Played and loved the first Dungeon Defenders game and bought into DD2 as soon as it was available.  What used to be fun is a boring grind. Leveling is a chore.  Un-upgraded towers and abilities are weak and underwhelming.  Towers in general are underwhelming with the focus being on Hero damage and abilities, but even then with out upgrades and the best ""Shards"" you'll feel like you're tickling the enemies (most of which are broken and unbalanced).Am I salty? Absolutely. Am I hopeful of a turn around? After this last update, no.The current state of the game is a mess, requiring you to grind for WEEKS to get new heroes, and the best shards are only found in the most difficult maps, getting to the point of being able to to do those maps is a long, boring and grindy road."
,Not Recommended,236110,13252334,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,y tho?,"As of early access. I have to give this one a thumbsdown and here's why.First of all the positive:Graphics - Game looks a lot better than the previous in my opinion. It  doesn't look blocky, It looks smooth. Lighting's quite impressive and it is also colourful which is what I like about the game. Not to mention they actually manage to put a little bit of realness(if that's a word) to it by making trees sway, leaves on trees move and grass and other plantation have animation as well.Items - The item actually looks better in terms of quality. Like my squire for example I have a common, epic and mythical sword. By looking at the three the higher the quality the better than look of the weapon, I mean I played DD1 and a lot of the time, I prefer the looks of my supreme quality items than my ultimate quality ones which doesn't make sense since you want to make the better quality to look more epic, right?Character specs- Ok I like this on my squire since It got specwhere it would make my barricade have a chance to stun enemies after hitting and knocking them back which is good for a defensive structure.Now heres the bad part:Character specs- Even though I said good things about character specs, The fact of the matter is that, there's not many of them and some of them are just outright useless like the ""powerful spears"" on my squire. 18 im at lvl 13 with 18 spec points and If i use it on ""shiny spikes"" which makes my barricades stun, It gets a 47.62% chance to stun while If I use 18 specs points on powerful spears, I would give me 3% chance for my ballistas to do penetration do full dmg which is sooo low considering there's no stats to add when you level up to get more defense speed, these are all items based now. Im guessing to prevent people from using cheat engine like DD1 but that is just bad.Structure's Stats - Ok There's no way to increase your structure's range other than upgrade....Yep..you heard it right. Ok how does this affect the game you might ask? Considering that there's barely any green crystals(currency to build turrets and stuff) you are pretty much stuck with at most time tier 1 or tier 2 upgrade and not to mention that YOU HAVE TO PROTECT them for a round because 100% of time at my level, it gets destroyed because at the first round you get 230 crystals so for example i put in a ballista which cost 50crystals and upgrade it to tier 1 for another 50 crystal and tier 2 to make it decent cost 100 crystals and the best at my level is tier 3 which is 150 crystals. Now as you can see, at 1st round you can only go up to tier 2 and that is only ONE structure while the maps have several of these paths where enemies will spawn! so you are forced to almost not upgrade any of your structures at 1st round because you will NEED barricades to at least slow enemies down and 60% of the time, they get destroyed because of the fact that theres about 4 enemies on my level that would far outrange all my structures including the ballista which makes structures almost useless at my level. Firebomb chucking enemies, Dragon that fire fireballs from its mouth, spear throwers and flying dragons all outrange any structures from any classes that is IF you do not upgrade which is more likely what you are going to do because green crystals are soo limited. What the hell?Sort Button - No sort button considering you can easily get full inventory quite quickly unless of course you got the gold to buy more inventory spaces.Item/Stat Downscale - You get downgraded when you try and do low level maps which is just bad because grinding is much more tedious now considering the game is based on grinding for items and most of the time you get sweet(F word) all.I just don't like the way DD have changed from its previous predecessor. It feels more forced into you like you are forced to grind for level to unlock the next skill or map. The range enemies need nerfing and what the hell is up with the ogre? It can one hit kill my barricades with 8k hp (either this is a bug or intended I do not know). There is not much variety in terms of classes. You still have your base classes with almost the same structures as in DD1. The only good thing is your character's skills, it's more useful now and is actually needed in order to win the game such as the earthquake attk that stuns AoE for squire. However,  I really think they need to improve on this, I know it's only early access but I cannot recommend it at the moment in its current state. Wait for it till it goes free to play.Edit: Edited Structure Stats"
,Not Recommended,236110,23448474,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MustardTiger,"Game direction has changed with a free to play and microtransaction model.  Unfortunately little has been done with this game over the year, avoid unless you like being nickled and dimmed."
,Not Recommended,236110,23750501,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tom and Sue,"I fell in love with the dungeon defenders franchise with the first game.. It was a wonderful mix of genres and I just loved it.Then in came Eternity, which had some improvements, but also made the game a bit less fun, due to the lack of local co-op (don't know if that was changed at a later date, but when I played, there was none).Then in came Dungeon Defenders II, and I was excited.. Bought it as soon as I had the money for it and I liked it.. I liked it a lot.. Just like many other reviews have mentioned before, you got some premium money (gems) when you bought the game when it first came to early access, and back then there was no talks about any other uses for gems aside from costumes & more inventory space. So I spent my gems and kept playing..Then there wasn't enough new content to keep me interested, felt like updates came far too seldom..Then I heard that there'd be a new character coming, the abyss lord.. and I got all excited about the game again..Started my game up & tried making a new character aaaand then I noticed that the character costs gems.. or ""hero medals""..That just broke my heart. The game series that I had loved and spent hundreds upon hundreds of hours playing, was just turning in to an early access f2p moneygrabber..If you liked the original dungeon defenders, go play that instead. Or if you want to try this one, don't waste your money on it. I'm out 20€, and what I got to show for that, is a couple of outfits for my characters.. or I could've gotten a character unlocked, if I'd saved my gems for a year and a half.It's unfortunate, but this game series got ruined with the switch to a free to play model.. sure.. It's free to play, unless you want to get a new character & not have to grind for day after day to get your hero medals to unlock said characters with."
,Not Recommended,236110,30335573,Posted: 5 March,all,Felan,"I bought into this game way back when it was a wee baby DD2. I loved so many aspects about it, and I was hooked on the progression.But this recent trials patch took everything I loved about the game (the progression, the loot drop rate, the ability to specialize in DPS or Tower, laid back and stress free tower defence if you wanted) and crushed it into everything I hate about these kinds of games (super slow progression, scary low drop rates, No ability to specialize in tower or DPS, No more time to relax).As a game design student, I would love to get my hands on a project like this at an internship level! Wish you guys had summer internships. xDTrendy, If you are looking over your reviews and community discussions, please take a good look at what your community has to say, and consider a re-design or a rewind. After reading some recent reviews, it does not seem that I am alone on this one.I will consider rewriting this review upon a redesign or rewind on the design of this game."
76561198000325629,Not Recommended,236110,23086755,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Echo,"It was nice at first, but the blatant F2P practices taking over the game have ruined it's direction.It isn't a significant upgrade for DD1 and at it's current rate won't be for a very long time."
,Recommended,236110,17404041,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"Yes yes yes.  The game is great.  Fans of the first game which is also good should enjoy this, and newcomers should as well.  Fans of Dungeon Defenders Eternity, well...we don't talk about that one, but you should enjoy this too.Currently there are 4 characters.  The monk, the squire, the apprentice, and my personal favorite, the huntress.  Each one has 3 different abilities (with the 4th always being a heal) and 4 different kinds of towers/defenses.  Use these to fend off waves of monsters and bosses who follow paths to try and destroy whatever it is you're defending.  As you play, you will get all kinds of loot drops.  Armor pieces, weapons, and eggs which can be hatched into a bunch of different kinds of pets.  There are quite a few maps, as well as higher difficulties and some different modes to play.  As you level up, you can also unlock special slots that you can place various passive buffs in.You can play solo, with 3 randoms, or a private lobby with friends.  You'll all be gathered into a cool little player HUB area before you start, where there are all kinds of things you can do.I do believe however that you need an internet connection to play, so keep that in mind.  If that bothers you, stick with the first game or wait until this one is released and goes F2P.Lots of fun, definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,236110,20609487,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Princess Nami,"A great sequel to Dungeon Defenders 1Pros:+4 player co-op+Auto looting+Now free to play+Lovely graphics+New pet system+Daily Xp bonuses+Several game modes+Great co-op experience+Cosmetics and costumes+Daily and monthly challenges+The squire finally has his pants covered >.<+Characters are grown up, I wasn't fond of the little toddlers in DD1+Tower combos, I'd like to see more of this, certain towers do more damage together+Social tavern is a great addition, allowing many people to converse and group togetherCons:-No bank to store items-Community isn't the best-Still needs tweaking, balancing and fixes-No lobby list like DD1, makes you join random games-Game uses too much computer resources, needs optimization-Cosmetics and costumes seem to be worked on more than everything else-AFK players, you may come across them, for me it is a big negative, I like active players-Not enough to do, flow of content is too slow compared to completing it all, leaving nothing to do but daily missions and such.-Developers are greedy, even after winning money in a lawsuit they continue to put costumes into the game, some of which cost over £20 for a single costume. Optional yes, however the price tags just show you their greed.Download Size: 7514mbTrading Cards: 15 cards in the setAchievement Difficulty: Easy to 100%Hours to 100%: 100+Rating: 6/10Recommendation: Worth playing since it's freeMy Opinion:The game is very different than DD1 and does not have the same feel to it but still sticks to tower defense of course. It has some features I like a lot that are not in the previous game, and while it is not as good as DD1 at this current time it is still in early access, and can be very much improved. I follow the game and look forward to when it is complete. Still a ways to go but I have enjoyed my experience so far, however there are some things I do miss that were in DD1, that being said the new things in DD2 are a welcomed changed.Note: I don't play anymore for now at least, so I won't be updating the review."
76561198187342825,Recommended,236110,17277107,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,#ImNotEvenSilver,"First of all:Don't listen to those people who keeps saying: ""This is the worst game ever! It doesn't even look like DD1.""This is Dungeon Defenders. If you want  to play a sequel of games that are all the same, buy Call of Duty. They are right about one thing though, this isn't like DD1 but this is a good thing! This is only and pre-alpha and the work they did with it is just amazing.The graphics are amazing: just look at all the colour in the artstyle. Got to admit, not like the first Dungeon Defender which was, in my opinion, a bit low on graphic quality.Look at all the content!! So much new stuff in there! The new pet system, the costume system and much more.In only one patch, they doubled the fun I had the first time I played Dungeon Defenders 2. After 2 hours of playtime, I already bought the collector's upgrade because Trendy needs support for this amazing game.To those who keeps whining about the bugs and the crashes, etc. Don't cry in the comment section, send a ticket to Trendy! Plus, this is only Pre-Alpha, so there are still a lot of issues to be fixed.You need to remember one thing though. Don't buy this game expecting a fully developped game, it is a work in progress (which progresses like crazy!).I played over 500+ hours of Dungeon Defenders 1 on console and I am really satisfied with the sequel. I digged the first one and liked even more the second one. This is the kind of game that you can't get enough of.The only thing that scares me is the idea to go free to play. What will happen to the community? Will it get ruined? Will it be even better? I don't know.But the thing that I know is that I recomend that game to anybody who digged the first one and is looking for a Dungeon Defenders 2, not a Dungeon Defenders 1 HD."
76561198060502964,Not Recommended,236110,15516380,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Tides,"For starters let me say, that i played DD2 a little when the game became avaliable first and i did not like it at all.A lot of time has passed and DD2 is still in developement, but this long process has brought alot of the stuff i love to remember about DD1 back. Like a decently functional upgrading system for your items. A pet system. Alot more synergy between classes and the ability to have 4 heroes in your deck and alot more out of your deck.There's still alot of things wrong with the game.One frustrating bug i encountered was said to have been around for over a year with nothing done to adress it.But these are bugs and even if Trendy works slowly, they will be resolved and i am ALOT more confident in saying today, that i am happy with what Trendy has done with DD2 over the last year. Alot of strong updates to the game and i'm looking forward to seeing the full package.Not recommending because its still in alpha/beta (whatever its called these day) and bugs are a frequent thing. If you love the game you should wait untill its full release, when bugs wont frustrate you into abandoning the game.________________________________________________________________________________OLD REVIEW - OLD REVIEW - OLD REVIEW - OLD REVIEW - OLD REVIEW - OLD REVIEW________________________________________________________________________________Oh how i loved DD1..For me the only similarities, between this game and the original one are the graphical themes, the characters and enemies.The rest was apparently destroyed by Trendy and the Defense Council. Max 3 classes in a 4 class game? No thanks.Leveling down heroes? No thanks.Classes having synergy with only 1 other class, forces players to sit endlessly searching for multiplayer games, with a correct setup, though a system that tries to find sessions for you, but does utterly nothing to look for class balance at all.So try try again, and hope it finds a good session... No thanks Trendy.The lack of choices in this game makes me flee, but above all else, the utterly stupidly abysmal item upgrade system, realy just... No.I'm gonna go cry that this game turned out to be only a but a shadow of its predecessor."
,Recommended,236110,13555907,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,乙 | JahnMan,"I do indeed reccomend this game, especially if you were a fan of DD1. The devs did a good job making this game similar enough to the first one, but added enough originality to call it a brand new game. This is NOT just a retexture of the first one, but so much more, there are now sub cores that if destroyed open a new spawn point for enemies, ability spheres, several levels, and much more. Also, unlike most other early-access games the devs are CONSTANTLY updating, the more you sign in and play the game, the more points you earn to vote on what they add into the game. These people truly care for their players.Pro's:- Better looking (Graphics, animations, enemys, tavern)- Tons more levels, items, and pets.- New types of equiptable items including vanity items.- New enemies and boss fights.- Item leveling requires other items to be enchanted into it, instead of just paying with gems.- Seperate tower gems and ability gems- I could freakin' go on forever hahaCon's:- ONLINE ONLY; This is one thing I don't really like, since a lot of times my internet is down or just bugging out, but there is a private lobby mode, and as long as you have a feint connection to the internet, you should be good.- The menu is somwhat complicated and progression is unclear, it's hard to tell what missions you have done on what difficulty, and which one you are supposed to do next.I was a huge fan of DD1 and I am really really exited for the release of DD2 when everything is finished up."
,Recommended,236110,17536908,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Hajo,"Dungeon Defenders IIIts still pre-alpha, but second version.I play this game now about 200 hours and i still like it very much. Guess the reason is that the developers always work on this game to improve it. Dungeon Defenders was released in the year 2011. The second part can not be compared to DD. Duneon Defenders II with new 3D animations is the next step with lot`s of improvements. This game belong to the tower defense game genre. The second pre-alpha update include some new game types ( campaign, free play ) like incursion, onslaught, end game, end game incursion and end game onslought. The difficult level has added ( easy, normal, hard ) four new nightmare levels. The match type Quick match is for multiplayer co-op and Private for invited friends only. New pets are available now in epic, mystic and legendary. For all of us who expect more, we can power up and increase our pet`s affection level in order to evolve. It`s necessary to use Shellium shards for evolve. To receive shellium shard let the founded eggs in your inventory about 48 hours. The first pre-alpha offered medium challenge, now with the second alpha it`s more challenge. From easy to hard difficult it`s possible to play single too, but on nightmare it`s obligated to play in a team. The currency in this game are crystals and wyfern tokens. The crystals are included in pre-alpha and the wyfern tokens can be earned in daily and monthly missions. With the crystals for example we can buy more inventory bags, new character slots or discover accessories. For all Uber Speres and lockbox master key it`s possible to pay with wyfern tokens. The balance of this game is good. From the  fondly social and private tavern we can choose challenge on the war table. Bug report is possible too at the tavern keeper. There are some different Shops in this game. The Gran`Masta ( Skill Sphere ) support improvements for hero skills and defense improvements. The Alchemist can improve your items ( clothes, relics and weapons ), simply put all stuff you don`t need inside around your good item and improve your `better choosen item`. The Hatchery for pets can be found at stable boy. For feed your pets go to the Keeper. The Seamstress offers assessories and on the Relic Hunter shop we can buy relics. All special uber skills can be bought on the adventurer token collection shop. The game has reached alpha version and is free to play until beta.short review: ( positive criterion ( + ) maximum 5 ) - single multiplayer and co-opmusic: +++++ (4/5)graphic: (5/5)gameplay: +++++ (5/5)tutorial: ++++ (3/5)"
76561198043702407,Not Recommended,236110,34514605,Posted: 26 August,all,SubtleChief,"Bought it for $20 when still in beta. It had a very similar feel to DD1 at the start of 2016. All stats were well balanced and actually used, builds could be experimented with and be effective even if rediculous, and the emphasis was on tower defense with hero utility aiding against mob buildup and ogre disposal.But with each update it gradually lost the DD1 charm and felt like a mediocre free to play game. Range continually got nerfed, gameplay emphasized hybrid play and heroes more than tower defense (despite it being tagged as a tower defense game!)Most hardcore players and dedicated, loyal DD1 fans became less interested and stopped playing. I have tried numerous times to get back in, but gameplay is very boring, heavily dependent on purchases (or grinding for several days) to get other characters. The hero deck is very limiting in the tower defense aspect and the game is heavily reliant on poor co-op design and unreliable servers. Assets have been unnecessarily reused and poor choices have been made.Probably wait a few years until it becomes an enjoyable DD1 sequel."
76561198179010665,Not Recommended,236110,30288423,Posted: 2 March,all,eugenepimp,"I have played these games since the first one, into Eternity and now have put 700 hrs into DD2. This game used to be fun and enjoyable and doable solo, which wasrequired since the community for the seconde one is one of the least helpful of the series. After the Trials update the game is broken for those who put the timeto grind to get viable heroes. Every last apsect of this has been nerfed except the enemies. all the time and hard work put into it was thrown out the door andthe company demands that you start the grind all over again to rebuild. Used to be bleto solo up to nm2, now, lucky to beat a map."
76561198040937381,Not Recommended,236110,32741422,Posted: 24 June,all,Broccoli,"Cons:-1 Launch has more bugs/issues/server problems than beta did.-1000 Loot system is insanely frustrating, for better gear to drop it's based off your ilvl(which isn't shown), but in chaos 1 for example you can get a chaos 1 green that ranges in ilvl which you cannot see, You could get a max ilvl for chaos 1 that ends up being a green instead of a legendary.  Meaning if you want better gear to drop for you, you need to have that high ilvl chaos green equipped on one of your characters in your deck.  Long story short, to farm loot effectively you need a calculator and a spreadsheet open for every item that drops regardless of quality/color.-1 Basically it's DD1 trying so desperately to be different that it's simply making a good thing bad, they really just needed to keep what was good and imrpove on it instead of trying to make it unique (which they failed to do anyways)Pros:+1 Character Deck allows you to level up each of your heros at the same time, so you don't need to level 4 characters through the story mode.+1: Some improvements with character swapping over the first one, with their quick swap hotkeys and you not having to drop mana when you swap.+1 You don't have to choose between Hero gear and Defense turret gear, relics are for turrets, armors/weapons for herotldr: If you can survive this loot system then surviving cancer wont be a problem.. They are basically the same thing"
,Not Recommended,236110,31287608,Posted: 21 April,all,Salty Biscuit,"Trials update turn the game into a hardcore grindfest only for people to play, if you are not willing to throw in 8 hours of grinding every single day. This game is not for you.Trendy are also making everything horribly difficult while the community ask to make it a bit easier to get into, they refuse and shutdown anyone asking for balancing changes.Just like what happen with Dungeon Defenders 1, Trendy add content, but doesn't bother doing anything the community ask and just throw them aside.The best way to play the game is to play until u hit Chaos 1, then uninstall if you are not willing to grind constantly."
,Not Recommended,236110,30750496,Posted: 26 March,all,Junke1990,with the latest update this game went from being tower defense strategy to a crappy 3rd person shooter where towers don't make a difference anymore
,Not Recommended,236110,19767361,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ronjn,"The packs are riddiculously priced...I loved the original DD and played a ton of it, i love the genre its fun to play. But for the paid content, thats a joke. 27.99 for inventory space ? really ? 32.99 for costumes? Better games have been made for less.Cut the greed and maybe focus on providing a great game. Larian Studios is doing it right, they made a revamped version of their game and offered it for free to the fans that had purchased the original. No micro transactions, no packs that cost as much as a game would.Maybe gamers need to realize this and stop supporting companies like yourself. It's Because of this type of stuff i don't play EA titles and by the looks of things i will not be a supporter of any future content from your developments. 152.70$ in DLC lol you guys are a joke."
,Recommended,236110,19528490,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[Hotwyer]Drake_The_Dragon,"Hey guys, I think that this game is an excelent game due to the fact there is a large assortment of items to find and use. I will list the upsides and downsides of this game that I have found during some of my experiences.Pros: Lots of things to do in the gameNew Enemies.Lots of unique modes not just campaignNew weaponsNew lookExcelent GraphicsStill updatingLots of new contentVoting system (Democratic decision making)Allows the players to make the decision of new things (REALLY like that <3)Cons: Too repetitiveGrindyNo unique names for weaponsNot 100% sure they're doing the set bonus'sNot a large variety of Weapon Rarity'sPre-ordered the premium version of the game paying almost double or more of the money for the basic pre-order than less than a year later became Free-to-Play losing all my perks. (VERY upset about that)This is my own personal opinion not yours. I believe that some people may Agree with me"
,Not Recommended,236110,29351708,Posted: 18 January,all,Sirloyn,They took all the things that made dungeon defenders 1 fun and threw them out the window.
76561198083433158,Not Recommended,236110,21243830,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ralekk,"This is a game with a bit of graphics and well.. did i mention it have stuff that moves on your computer screen?The rest is a bit lacking...Not that fun not that rewarding, It's like that friend you have that always promises that he will change but still makes the same stupid mistakes over and over. He tells you that he values your input and listens to what you say. But then ignores you and runs away yelling lololololol while wearing a crazy cap (CC for short).All you can do is stare at the thing that moves, like your hypnotized by the movement and the stupity. You know you could do something better with your time. Do it, run away from the guy with the CC. It's not worth it, he will never change. It's all empty promises.There comes a point in every gamers life, when you must realize what's in front of you and let go... Just let it go.. Or don't go there in the first place. It's a wery bad and dark place filled of regrets, and restless nights waking up screaming in the middle of the night...Remeber It's all a fantasy, like the fantasy you have about this game ever being any good. It's time to face reality.And if you who tried DD1, DD2 is not the new DD, it's something else but with the same name. The game is just not that interesting or fun. It's like a dull idle game / hold down the button action rpg hybrid.I have som great memories from DD1, played it around 300 hours. Lots of maps that was fun to explore, just running the map and failing a lot of time just to understand the mob movement, was part of the fun. Finding unique loot on the maps, and big maps that you could get lost running around. There was always a sense of progress. A lot of...  let's try that map again and see if i can go one wave furter, maybe if i tweak a little here and a little there. There was a lot more strategy involved in DD1.DD2 is like a no brainer action-rpg with towers. You get a clear line that shows where the mobs will be, and chokepoints pointed out where you should build your defences. A lot more focus around finding the right loot, not upgrading loot as in DD1. Now you can spend days just farming for the perfect loot so you can take on the same map as you where farming the loot on.Even the skins in DD1 was a lot more rewarding since you hade to accomplish something to get the skins, now you just hand over your money and get your skin.Most of the time you fail a map while in a group is because someone from your team fell asleep and forgot to repair the wall. Or was watching youtube on his/her laptop while holding down the fire butting pointing the bow down a lane not caring what happens in the game at all.This game is so bad i regret playing it, I could have done so mutch more with my time like staring at paint while it's drying or contemplating my navel."
,Not Recommended,236110,28389490,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sidan,"It's a bitter disappointment, for all the years in EA, the game is still problematic. And microtransactions in EA? Just wow.Play the first game instead."
,Recommended,236110,32688369,Posted: 23 June,all,dreamanime,"Gobu gobu gob gob.Gobu gob gobu gob gob.The Legion finaly managed to invest into getting one paper to write a review. Currently 115 goblins are trying to type this, gobu. I have recently started to play also on a new account from 0 to endgame chaos, to get experience on how the progression is. So let's get it started:Pro:- really beautyfull Graphic style- detailed maps with alot of love to details and hidden easter eggs- big hero rooster, 11 Heroes currently and alot more will come (game is by far not finished)- balanced builder, it is possible to reach endgame with the 4 initial heroes and all heroes have their own strength and disadvantages- DPS Heroes, for DPS all heroes are really strong and many can be build and played in a few different ways- good challenge for new players, the climb through campaign to chaos 7 (current maximum chaos tier) is quit challenging, special for new players who still need to learn about how to play the game- all heroes can be unlocked with ingame currentcy which can be earned by playing the game, doing weekly and daily- gobu- switching between multiple heroes via hotkeys (way faster building and battle phase because of that)- you can build with all your heroes (even the imaginary tower of the Gunwitch, which had recently got a buff)- helpfull community in the official discord, if you have questions about the game, you can go gobu thereContra:- still alot of bugs (Bugs can be reported here:https://bugs.dungeondefenders2.com/)- server issues, currently because of the influx of players there are server issues and devs doing overwork to fix them- for some player probably to hard, the climb from campaign to chaos 7 is a good challenge even for a new player- not much to do at engame, after reaching chaos 7 there is currently not much to do, but that is around 2-3 weeks of playing from campaign to chaos 7 depending on how much time you invest. But like with Heroes, more content and modes will come.- 2 bags, if you play for free you have only 2 bags, it is enough though for if you want to play with your initial 4 heroes. Bags is one of the few parts where trendy tries to get their money for foods in. Gobu- gear progression, it is unintuitive, but it does work if you just equip better main priority stats gear. That's how i played on my second account too, to see how it is. This is also not final yet.- the goblin legion getting always nerfed, gobu plis trendy T.T Buff the legion.I played the game since Years by now, and compared to the start, alot changed.Would i recommend this game for a new player?YESIf you like an challenging experience, with up to 4 friends for a few weeks or month or even more if you get into it? Then definitiv yes. The game is in a really good spot for new players, lot of play content, many heroes to unlock, lot of houres you can play and the game is still growing.Would i recommend this game for re-appearing old players?DependsDepends, if you were already in C7 and are still in C7, no wait more.If you were in NM4 before it was changed into Trials, then yes, but here a few helper for you:Do a few chaos 1 runs first, to receive a few campaign and chaos 1 shards.Do then a few chaos 3 and 4 maps and replace all your old NM4 game.Would i recommend this game overall?Definitiv yesIt is a good Action Tower Defense game. You can place towers and use skills and attacks to help them out. Content is there for playing a few month, and new content appears steadily. Trendy still plans to bring in many more heroes and maps, playmodes and events.Last words?This is not DD1, i played both games too, and i must say i do like DD2 by alot more and it will only get better over the time."
76561198068591376,Not Recommended,236110,29214190,Posted: 12 January,all,ColdLucid,"DD2 is a very polished game with some very flawed fundamentals.  It's not really a tower defense game.  More of a baracade game, with shooting.  But not really fun shooting.  Most levels boil down to standing in the same spot the entire level and with four huntresses hosing down their lanes. I want to like this game so bad.  But honestly, it's just boring.  DD1 was much more fun.Allowing players to hot swap heroes seemed like a good idea.  It's not.  The dps heroes are too powerful.Here is a short breakdown of what you will experience:Start a level and use your builder to place initial baracades and towers.  This part is fun.  Probably the only fun part.After spending all your money, switch to the huntress and position yourself where you can see the most lanes.Level begins - Hold down the left mouse button.Level ends - Make a sweep of the level, heal some towers, lay some more towers, upgrade others.  (again, somewhat fun)Level begins - hold down the left mouse button.After you've beaten the level, the game has automatically picked up the prodigious amount of loot that dropped.  Now its time to sort through all that crap like its a sale at the thrift store and you're hoping to find at least one thing of value.  Chances are, you wont.  But that wont save you from having to sort through it all for every character you own.  Its as bad as doing your taxes, I kid you not.  I cannot express just how much crap gear you need to sort through.  It's awful.TLDR:  Instead of this, play Orcs must die 2, or even OMD unchained.  Also, Kingdom Rush does TD way better than this.  This game wants you to grind your life away.  Don't do it."
76561198028146104,Not Recommended,236110,17506750,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,kjempff,"(This is my opinion today - The game changes often, and in a month it might be a better game.)I can't help comparing with the original DD and DD eternity, and when doing that DD2 falls very short in almost all aspects (for now). There are some specific improvements to certain mechanics that were annoying in DD, while some of the great stuff from both DD and DD eternity has been lost. Also I am pretty dissapointed in the state of the game, by which I mean that they havent gotten further than this in such a long development period.. was it almost a year since I watched the first alpha gameplay on youtube?.I am not going to write a long list of thumbs up and thumbs down. All I can say is I am BORED.. in all my 800 hours DD and 100+ in DD eternity I was never bored - DD2 just lacks that thing that makes me want to reach for that next level of gear, or farm for better pets or better gear, tweak my stats, explore new builds, try new ways.But lets see how it looks in half a year from now."
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,236110,31275600,Posted: 21 April,all,Dread Baron Beardly,Latest update pretty much killed what I loved about the game. I already don't like the shard mechanic and the Chaos update really ruined the gameflow and playstyle that I liked to play. Not sure I will return to the game now.
,Not Recommended,236110,32601365,Posted: 20 June,all,CyberBlaster,"Too soon to come out of early access, still lots to do with the basics of the game. Even Trendy themselves have said there is alot of work to do some features are not to the level that they want.Many of their patches come out broken features, including this the 1.0 patch.They have even used the excuse on the forums that no game goes releases without bugs so it doesn't matter what state the game is in on release.So simply don't play this game until they fix/improve the features that they themselves have said they are working on next."
,Not Recommended,236110,13301283,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dente,"The game is very similar to the first one in some points, even the graphics that everyone likes, even if I like the first one better, a matter of personal taste, I recognize the improvements.On the similar aspects, I give a thumbs up. As the first one the gameplay is very cool and the maps are wonderful. The characters and towers are very much alike too.The bad parts are the one that differs from the original DD. As you level up you are given a very limited and poor choices of specs for your skills and, as I have seen, most of the choices are pretty useless. That messes up a bit with your character customization, since you are forec to buff up a single tower with your specs, and once you get 10+ points on that skill its upgrading becomes pretty useless, since you wil get a 0.45% boost on that skill or less.The other aspect is that you can't level up the things you want to play with. You can't level up tower damage, health, hero speed, attack speed etc. You depend on item drop to do that, and you depend A LOT on item drop (and I say A LOT). You can go almost 30 hero levels without ever finding a gear that fits your hero, so you won't play it the way you want for a very long time. That is a terrible decision by the game designers and, for me, what ruined the game, because what makes a good RPG is character creation and the fact that you can costumize you hero to play the way you want to play it. DD2 won't let you.Personaly I like to play builder. That is not an option either in DD2, since you get enough ""build mana"" to build one or maybe two towers in a map. And, if you don't go aura, there is  good chance you will waste your mana by having your tower destroyed in the first waves.The other thing is that you cannot kick a player from the map or even vote kick him. So if someone decides to troll the party on the last wave, he will do it, and will remai unpunished. But I believe that there will be something regarding that for after the pre-alpha.If the game was just a few dolars expensive or maybe free to play, I would give it 5 stars, but, when I pay almost $20 for it, I feel a lot of regret."
,Not Recommended,236110,25825417,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Wolfie,"Perfect game in the hands of the wrong developersDungeon Degender 1 was one of those amazing games that everyone knew and lot of peoples liked it, so it comes with no suprise that Dungeon Defender 2 was made, but it just doesent live up to the expectations.After around 10+ hours it quickly comes out obvious that the game just doesent have enough content... Maps,characters,gamemodes... there just isint enough variety. The game comes out so short that it only takes few hours to reach the max level of 50 and from onwards youll be forced to grind your way trough those exact same maps that arent interesting really at all. Numerous Bugs and Graphical issues also kill the experience a lotGood:Cartoonish graphics are niceLot of items to collect4 Player CoOpBad:Lack Of MapsNo Customization (Other than paid outfiths)Same enemy types (Gets kind of repeative)Bugs (Antialising from ingame doesent work, Constant Crashing, Memory Leak, Connection issues, odd error messages)DD2 deserves to be made into a big name game with a strong playerbase but with all the issues and lack of content it just falls short too fast. Giving the game a steam workshop so users could craft theyre own maps would make the game 10x better or even the devs coming up with a 10-30+ map pack with new games modes and/or bigger character roster would definetly make the game much more worth the time.As of now its fun with friends but other than its just mediocre tower defence game."
76561198071875425,Not Recommended,236110,30267454,Posted: 1 March,all,Toranja,"I don't know what they did to the networking, but everytime I try to play with a friend, we lose 5 to 10 minutes trying to get into a game. Going to a private tavern is a hassle. Everytime we manage to finish a map (near impossible with the latest update, even with fully upgraded old NM4 gear with fully upgraded shards), another 5 to 10 minutes are lost because one of the players in the party has to restart the game (you can't join the other person's game from a private tavern, from the city and from the main screen the restart is required). Constant request timeouts when you finish a map and has to pick where do you want to go."
,Not Recommended,236110,13277139,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sheepman,"I really wish I could give this a thumbs up, but I can't.  I'm more neutral it than anything.The biggest issue is there really isn't a sense of progression like Dungeon Defenders 1 had.  I understand that there were balancing issues, but half the fun was dumping all your stats in range or attack speed and watching your towers perform ridiculously.  Dungeon Defenders 2 has more unique towers, but you can't really ""play around"" with them as everything is tied to equipment.  Specs are an interesting concept to replace tower/hero stats, but they're either broken, uninteresting, useless, or some combination of the three.Hopefully it'll turn around by release and impress me, but right now it just doesn't feel like Dungeon Defenders."
,Not Recommended,236110,32845789,Posted: 27 June,all,dank,Seems as if the developers has forgotten what made DD1 so great.
,Not Recommended,236110,13724107,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lobo,"Rewriting my review so its more up to date with the gameFirst up my playtime is divided with alot more hours put on the ps4 version of this game.Also on the ps4 version i have soon three level 50 characters with one of them being around 400 item power.Towers and spheresWith the updates rolling in fixing balancing and fixing stuff it gets a little bit more funwith setting the towers up and what towers to use. Like before i only needed a barrage of cannon towers and maybe one or two ballistas sitting close together.Now with the spacing you cant have as many cannon towers to make the range work all the time which then require the heavy cannonball sphere so you can set out some long range cannonball towers. The heavy cannonball tower isnt as great as the standard one in damage but the range makes it more effective in some lane defences.That being said it gets kinda weird to go to your character changing station on the map just to change the sphere so you can set out the heavy cannonball tower then go back and change back to whatever sphere you are using on the ultra sphere slot.++ a bigger combination of towers on the map then just three (two good offensive and the wall tower)- - weird way to make it happensuggestionThe heavy cannonball sphere should either have more effects or make the sphere into something else you maybe unlock upon reaching level 50 and not something you have to equip. More like just a alternative version of the cannonball tower that you can EASY change to when in the building stage.This also applies to the other tower changing spheres the other characters have. Its a great idea so i say: more alternative tower version = more gameplay (yeah i know, it requires a lot more work and balancing also).LootI love how they changed up the hero weapons to have more variety in weapon speed and attack pattern. There is also the special weapons (betsy weapons and spooky weapons and more) and thats real good. ""more variety"" = ""more gameplay"" to a certain degree.StoryBecause i have played from the start of this game when it was more difficult to see any story then the Dark souls games, i dont have any say in this, i think i have to play from the beginning with a new character to experience it."
,Not Recommended,236110,13330185,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,iOnyxTitan,"The game is Boring and Heading in the wrong direction ! Hate having to sit and watch my lane, Game does not seem fun Like DD1"
76561198005033280,Not Recommended,236110,13264520,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rizu,"Really disapoined that this game will be F2P.  Please consider saving your money until it is properly released, as the only benefit to buying it now is receiving $30 in in-game currency."
,Not Recommended,236110,30651680,Posted: 21 March,all,schneebzzZ,"Developers constantly change game balance and don't respond to help tickets.The campaign is not worth the purchase and the ""end game"" is never stable with these clowns."
,Not Recommended,236110,26621635,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SuperShindig,"It's a great shame that Dungeon Defenders II is as dissapointing as it is. I loved the first one and played it loads in splitscreen with my partner. While I bought a few DLC packs (that I understand were fairly controversal) the base game felt like a complete experience with plenty of levels and characters and tons of replay value.I actually bought Dungeon Defenders II before it became free to play for around £18, due to my love of the first game. My initial reaction, particularly of the artsyle, was of how much it resembled those crappy mobile games like Clash of Clans. Dungeon Defenders 1 was of course very cartoony but had a level of charm that elevated it above the generic cartoon style of F2P cash-cow mobile trash. Dugeon defenders II on the other had looks very tacky.The problems don't end at the artstyle though; by going F2P the game now feels like a rubbish F2P MMO. When launching you are greeted by messages asking to buy things and enter a lobby with loads of other players milling about and spamming the chat with nonsense. As a result I overall did not enjoy my experience with the game so far.My reward for both buying in to the game early and spending £18 was very little, maybe 1 skin as far as I can remember. Performance isn't great although the game is in early access so this may change.Overall I feel the move to F2P was a huge mistake. While the tower defense genre is hardly an easy genre to compete in what with many other games existing in this genre I feel Dungeon Defenders 1's blend of tower defense with Diablo-style classes and loot was unique and interesting to stand apart from the competition. On top of that brilliant levels, music, art design, and charm meant the first Dungeon Defenders was well worth the up-front investment. I feel the developers almost didn't have faith in their own product with Dungeon Defenders II in their decision to go F2P, feeling they needed to rely on the game being free to attract an audience and that an up-front cost would turn away buyers. As a result the game has taken a huge hit to it's value; feeling tacky, grindy, and just generally unappealing.There is still hope I suppose, the game is still in Early Access and there is time for the devs to reverse the decision of going F2P or at least improve the game signifiicantly that it becomes worthy of a try. By the time the title releases (and exits early access) I will give it another shot and see if it is any better, I hope so because I want to enjoy this game as much as the first but so far I've not been impressed."
76561198013144150,Recommended,236110,23107738,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,azmandar,"I got this early before it was free to play.  I loved the first DD and I like this one.  I have some resurvations about some of the mechanics but in general I like the way the company is approaching it.  It's fun and it's not Pay to Win.  It's Pay to customise (mainly your look)  there are a few convinances that cost also (like extra bag space) but in general you don't pay for better weapons, upgrades, faster leveling, or anything else required to win.  I think DD1 had some aspects I liked a little more but DD2 is still great and it's not done yet.  The company listens to the players, lets you vote on upcoming choices and has great live streams where they actually address and answer YOUR questions.  If you like the First Person Tower Defense games (Sanctum, DD1) I recomend it.  And I'm still looking forward to seeing what else they do to make it even better before it stops being Early Access.Update:  Game is still fun though content is still a bit light.  I wonder if the game operated on DLC terms, where I could buy more content, if the updates would be more dense.  As it is I tend to wait a month or two for content updates then jump on and have a few days of fun before waiting for the next few content updates.If you are planning on trying this out for the first time it's worth it, Free for a lot of fun.  If you like it I recomend buying bags to support the company as they make the game a bit nicer.  If you don't then it didn't cost you anything.   However if you run out of things to do or are waiting for some of the changes or new content to come aobut, know that it's a slow process.  Trendy seems to still be delivering, and listenning to the people who play, but it does seem painfully slow."
,Not Recommended,236110,19814841,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,bosdrum,"Early access games often have some sort of in game purchases to help fund the game's development. This is a practice that is as widely accepted as it is criticized. Usually the purchases are for cosmetic items to customize your character in some way. Dungeon Defenders has that.Another thing dungeon defenders has is...$24.99 DLC that increases your inventory space and gives you a title.You know a developer doesn't give the slightest semblance of a crap for you when they sell you inventory space for real cash.This game deserves to be on an iPad, not on Steam."
,Not Recommended,236110,23091153,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Felurian,"This game used to be so good, probably one of my favorite games for a while. Then it became a ""free to play"" game, aka ""pay to win"". All the new content that used to be free to you now has to be payed for with irl money. This game sued to be super fun, but now with 4 new characters that i will never be able to play, and special events that I will have limited to no involvement in; it is just sad.This game used to be a solid 5/5...No it struggles to even get past a 1.5/5 for me.Sure the base game will always be the same, but half the fun of playing this game was waiting for the new content that the Devs released every so often. It re sparked the games fun for me, and now that is gone. The game becomes repetitive and dull when you don't have new content.As much as I would want to recommend this game, I can't. Making it pay to win and pay to have fun is just sad.(Keep in mind I do have this opinion because I have had the game since almost initial release | But if you don not like in game purchase games, don't waste your time)"
76561198043771293,Not Recommended,236110,29403603,Posted: 21 January,all,Simm,"This game shows less potential with every month that passes, and it has been in early access for years now.It went from a reasonably priced indie game to a free to play micro trasaction hell. And now it is starting to look like it will never be a good game. I love dungeon deffender 1, and was disappointed by the long wait for the sequel.Don't waste your time or money on this boring and ultimately expensive (thank to all the good stuff being locked behind a pay wall) snore fest of a geme.Trendy entertainment could have made a good game, but instead they got greedy and lazy."
,Not Recommended,236110,19839253,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Glumpfner,"What happened to Dungeon Defenders 2?In short: I no longer like the look and feel the game has. I just don’t enjoy playing these “walking stick” characters. I feel that all the small things, that made me enjoy DD1, are no longer part of DD2.For me personally, it’s a huge step back from DD1.The first thing I noticed when I played is, that nothing is familiar. Everything is completely different and not in a good way. All the menus such as character, level and inventory menus are very confusing. The enjoyment of upgrading your character and spending time on searching through good items, is no longer there for me. I find find it rather annoying and confusing to go through all the menus.In DD1, the mana crystals which are needed to build towers, were so much fun to collect. In DD2, I don’t even see them properly. What happened? Why are they so tiny?Same for all monsters and player characters along with the weapons. They’re all so small and look like walking sticks. Sometimes the monsters blend into the environment and you can’t even make them out. I don’t like the art design of the 3D models that they went with. I prefer the more “bubbly” look from DD1.Towers? I loved playing a mage in DD1, the art design was great, but in DD2 all the mage towers look cheap, as if they were rushed.And no, don’t say “Oh but early access, they might change these things”. No they don’t. The development of the game is now focusing on optimizing the game and bug fixes, they are not making any major changes anymore."
,Not Recommended,236110,31485030,Posted: 1 May,all,xgunkill,"this game used to be amazing the recent trials update however.... the progression has basicly been taken out rather then being a find a way to complete the level its more of a smash the ♥♥♥♥ out of the enemy with hero attacks because the only people able to pass chaos 4-5 have gone through the grind ♥♥♥♥ which is basicly repeat consist levels until u level up then find a way to beat the level , no one plays multiplayer no more because scaling is rediculous and unless everyone has chaos 7 gear the group will struggle for a chaos 4-5, yet to get the chaos 7 decent gear which isnt the equivelent of campagin basicly u gotta grind till ur armour reaches 14k while going up in 50-100 intervals.... no strategy or skill required just a grind ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236110,15527637,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,VengerFire,"NOTE: Keep in mind, the game must be paid for in order to play at the moment, as it is in Early Access. It will become Free To Play at around the end of the year. Also, a lot of the negative reviews on the front page are complaining about issues that have been fixed or changed or complaining about features that are not in the game YET.In my opinion, This game has a lot of potential. Even though it is currently in early access, it feels like it has enough replayibility to keep me going for hundreds of hours with the latest update. Now, here are some of the pros and cons for the game in its current state.Some Pros:+ Pretty art design, the way it is done gives the game a more 'Toon' feel to it.+ Alot more enemy diversity compared to DD1.+ The Game is regularly updated, with the latest patch adding loads of content in to the game.+ The people who work on the game interact with the community and hold Developer streams on Twitch every friday.+ According to the developers, There won't be DLC Map packs, so the community won't be split.+ The music in the game is good.+ The towers have more 'Personality' as i would call it...+ Once it goes F2P, It won't be P2W.+ Betsy and cute Propellor Cats+ If you do buy Early Access, you get $30 worth of ingame currency to buy costumes with.A few Cons:- It's in early access, so you have to pay to be able to play it.- Tavern is laggy and the game feels slightly unoptimized.- Uber Skill Spheres cost waaaaaaay too many Wyvern Tokens.. (i call the tokens 'Betsy Bucks')- Level cap that does not take long to reach. (Level Cap will be increased later on)- Earlier maps become meaningless to play once you hit level 25. (They are adding Incursions soon for them to make them playable in late game again)- Bug paradise- No controller support yet.Note: Most of the problems i have with the game a due to the game still being in development and a lot of the features are not in it yet.Final Verdict:While the game is unfinished and has it's fair share of problems, it's fun, which is what people really look for in games.8/10 (in it's current state)"
76561197999865618,Not Recommended,236110,23089374,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[VI] Matherion Stormtooth,Started well...now it's just a Pay 2 Win free for all. Wouldn't waste your time with this one. Had potential until devs got greedy.
,Not Recommended,236110,13308914,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MrStealYoGoal,"Firstly, the game is good but a few things have just irked me from the get go. The fact that when you level you cant put any upgrade points into tower stats is a massive fail, it is necessary to reinstate this to be able to even have the smallest chance on higher difficulties. The fact is to improve your towers you are completelly reliant on equpment drops (which are rare as ♥♥♥♥)The lack of controller support is annoying for now but i understand that this will be added later so isnt that important of a point to make now.The graphics are a nice improvement and i like the art style in general.Trash equpment that nobody wishes to pick up now no longer vanishes and gets banked at the end of each wave it stays until the end of the map making everything look cluttered by the end and instead of auto selling everything and splitting the cash it splits it into each persons inventory which you then have to manually sell or wait a few days for the auto sell.the preorder stated $30 of in game cash but my account has 0, not sure if thats a UK thing but i havent got a dime.The map order is strange and have yet had a chance to work out what sort of order I should be doing them in with no solid structure like numbering added to the map names it is slightly confusing. The lobbies need an option to kick or to votekick idle players as they come in the game and build a few towers the reap the benefits of xp with no action able to be taken against them and it gets worse when the random lobby host is rolled onto them on endgame and everyone has to find a new lobby.The building mana needs to have a higher drop rate as I have gone through games only being able to build a handful of towers that are then just destroyed as I dont have enough mana to upgrade or repair them.To sum up, levelling feels pointless apart from being able to equip slightly better armour now and then when the lynchpin of all rpg style games is character progression and on dd2 it feels completely dead and worthless. Many more issues such as droprates need to be looked at and until this is updated i will probably stay away from this game for now. I will change my reccomendation upon further updates if improvements are made."
,Not Recommended,236110,33599104,Posted: 16 July,all,End Gamer Z,"I admit, I was excited about this for a while, did the whole EA buy-in to do alpha and beta.  I had alot of fun with the development of the game early on watching the game develop...that was until they opted to adopt a heavy MT(micro transaction/in-game shop) option.  While this buisiness model will net more income for them, over the old DLC system, it creates a lack of achievement players from the original loved.Previously DLC gated hostable content and achievements that unlocked various cosmetic items, costumes, special drops etc.  Players did not need DLC if they knew someone who had the DLC they wanted to play, they would just join their game.  The only Notable Exception is the Eternia Shards DLC, as they were designed more as an Expansion over add-on DLC, extending the original story.The cuurent DD2 systems make all playable content available with the base game, however costumes, pets, certain items, sotrage space, etc.  While DD2 base is F2P over DD buy in once and mostly non-mandatory DLC addons, like most F2P games its 'playable' without spending anything on the game, however the QoL suffers greatly making purchases feel extremely forced.The main complainst are around the system change from DD to DD2, the gameplay itself is smooth, you just get to those points where you find an item that can be so much better if you spend money to upgrade it over the free way.  That said DD2 does have 'alternative' ways to get paid items, the catch is its limited to daily and event special quests...--While thats fine and well, they made it so EGGS, which pets hatch from expire after 24hours...pets are those items that paying money can make them incredibly better over the free system, while collecting the daily currency to get the same effect will take much longer.  Example: Find a really nice EGG that with a few upgrades can be incredible, however what is needed will take a week worth of dailies to achieve, but by then you egg would have been expired for 6-days by the tiem you have what you need.  -- Here lies that 'forced' feeling to spend additional money for sake of making the most of a 'lucky' drop.You can either agree or dismiss my review, when it comes down to it I drop games that devs feel the need to go F2P with either in their series or post-release."
,Not Recommended,236110,34827785,Posted: 8 September,all,[GLAN]ST,"Unfortunately, this is another one of those games that was good when it hit Early Access, but lost its charm -- along with most reasons to like it -- on the way to full release.I played the heck out of the first game and played this sequel when it first hit Early Access. I liked what they already had and where it was heading. I stopped playing for a while and recently came back to v1.1;I was wholly underwhelmed and disappointed by what I was met with.I would have recommended the version from when I last played (over a year ago), but I can't recommend it as it is now."
76561197973697489,Not Recommended,236110,30339389,Posted: 5 March,all,Hotdog Vendor,"Game was fairly decent, had a few issues. Put up with a few hard reset and changes.This endgame update thou is crap, game is borderline unplayable and forced to learn a new system and upgrades for no reason. Complete redo of characters and limited towers now, higher DU cost per tower, almost everything Ive seen is worse the only improvement I can actually see is they made the bags larger and not some stupid scroll thing that take 2metres of middle mouse scrolling to go down 1 page....Would recommend people dont waste time on this as the devs just rework the game constantly and there is no consistancy over even 6months."
76561198022814738,Not Recommended,236110,30417793,Posted: 9 March,all,Wilson64,"This game has fooled me one too many times with updates promising gameplay that should have been implemented from the start. Bugs and broken gameplay elements remain unfixed and unchanged for months. The core game is a broken and unbalanced grindfest that's not worth your time, money, or patience. It's been years since release and if feels just as unfinished on the gameplay side as it did on day one. This game looked to be good one and I've rooted for it from the beginning, but it's in the hands of inept developers who have squandered away it's amazing potential. TLDR; Save your time and money, this game sucked then, sucks now, and will still suck in the future."
,Not Recommended,236110,32303279,Posted: 9 June,all,Mr Wiggin,"I decided to give this game a go after the new loot update.Mistakes were made, You can play for hours on the new Chaos Trials and maybe get 1 or two drops that are actually any use  and on top of that the %age increase is Tiny. You will litterally spend hours upon hours grinding the same map you are over geared for so that you can slow VERY SLOWLY get enough gear to move up a difficulty. It's boring and repetative, Go play a Korean MMO, It's less grindy and more rewarding than this♥♥♥♥♥♥show."
76561198000554322,Recommended,236110,17296746,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,oldbone,"With the latest patch, this is now moving in the direction it should be... feels more like DD1 (in the good ways) than ever, and the DD2 improvements are very, very welcome.This is a fantastic tower defense game where you can tailor your character how you see fit and can ""solve"" the map in different ways (we typically don't even build walls).So good... cannot recommend enough. Great co-op experience (I only play with my friends in the same room, so not sure how good/bad the online interactions are)."
,Recommended,236110,13427538,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Daws,This game exceeded my expectations while being a early-access game. Would recommend you to play especially with friends. The community is something that surpised me people are actually willing to communicate and use teamwork. Don't be afraid of being new to the game it won't take long to learn the ropes. Feel free to add me if you need someone to play with see you in game!!!
76561197987568720,Not Recommended,236110,13275559,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Justin,"I've been waiting a long time for this to come out, and yet here it is December 2014 and this is still only ""pre-alpha""??? As other have said, no controller support yet, and no split-screen local multiplayer either!! So those 2 things right there limit my enjoyability for this game since my brother and I have been playing the original DD together for a few years.Also, I'm not a fan of the forced online ""instances"", a la MMORPGs. I hate those kind of games. I generally play games alone or locally with a friend, or very rarely with a friend online. I seriously do not have any interest in playing with random people online. I did not know this was the case before I bought it.And, did something change, because I distinctly remember the Dungeon Defenders website saying that DD2 would be a free-to-play game, with in-game purchase of items, levels, etc. Yet they're asking $24.99 (20% off until 12/12) for this unfinished game! I went ahead and bought it yesterday anyway, though, since I loved DD1, but the current state of the game leaves a lot to ask for.Yes, I get that they're calling this ""pre-alpha"" and ""early access"". But since this game has been in development for a long time now, I would have imagined they be further along, and at least have the same features as the first game (controller support, splitscreen multiplayer, pop up menus for your powers/summons, ability to upgrade your items in your inventory with mana, etc.)The good: The game looks great; the graphics and animations are well polished. Some neat new game play aspects. Simplified mechanics, each hero now only gets 4 types of powers and 4 kinds of summonable defenses.The bad: Core features are missing! HELLO? What happened to controller support and split screen multiplayer??? Also, the music gets repetitive very fast. Some of the new aspects and mechanics are confusingly presented. For instance, you can't get your inventory or character stats without visiting the defenders forge. Level ups seem to be automatic, except for points you can distribute, but you must go to the forge.As others have said, you don't get as much green mana for summoning as DD1. Basically there's now blue mana for powers and green mana for summons. In my 2 hours of play so far, the levels end up littered with blue mana crystals that I can't pick up because I'm already full, yet my green mana is either empty or nearly half full. I guess this is a balance problem, hopefully they'll address it.RECOMMENDATION: Not worth even the sale price of $19.99. They need to bring back the core features I loved about DD1. Maybe once they've released a few more patches it'll be up to my expectations."
76561197983622462,Not Recommended,236110,20923272,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mid-Western Witch Hunt,"29.99 for early access, you know, to help the game and the devs out early on... heres the kicker, i had maxed heros, and baddest gear the game made... only to have it all stripped from me in an update, and given nothing back in return... seems fair, whatever, i shrugged it off... heres the kicker, now if i want to ""upgrade"" and get full features the game offers, i have to pay another 49.99........................ sooooooooo in total, i HELPED this game in early development, and for this, they want me to pay 80 dollars to play it in its entirety. i hope that you read this review before considering this game, trust me, there are MANY more games in this genre that are MUCH better and not a complete cash grab.. you get yellow coins that are absolutely worthless, and the gems that are required to buy everything require micro-transactions of actual cash to buy.... this game will cost you 100s of dollars for basic enjoyable gameplay... pass on it, trust me. TRY SANCTUM 2, MUCH MUCH BETTER AND MORE AFFORDABLE, AND THEY DONT SPAM FOR YOUR CASH!"
,Not Recommended,236110,31326338,Posted: 23 April,all,Gus CSGO-SKINS.COM,"I'll go straight ahead:Pros:-Graphics are alright;-Runs as smooth as butter in a less than average PC.Cons:-Bugs are taking forever to be fixed;-Good weapons and combinations are always nerfed;-The devs seem to be really interested in making us players farm for the rest of our lives for crappy gear;-This game has no progression at all;-Bought this game on early access while it was not f2p and received enough crystals to buy just two characters;-Microtransactions are painfully expensive;-The UI was changed three times already and it's still really confusing and misleading on matters like levelling up characters, pets and gear;Conclusion:Devs, you should listen to your community.It would've been better if you were to follow DD1's footsteps and it's approach on DLC. Although it was nearly impossible to play the first game without DLC characters, they were cheap and everyone used to buy them. Maps were far more memorable and new content was always highly anticipated.As a matter of fact, I've enjoyed playing DD2 on it's first year, but things have come to a point that this game is nearly unplayable and you are losing more players each day."
,Not Recommended,236110,32601173,Posted: 20 June,all,OnyxBlackSmith,Game just isin't fun compared to the first one.
76561197991085042,Not Recommended,236110,30434822,Posted: 10 March,all,Zaxero,"If this is the endgame they have ruined it for players that have been there since the beginning. I didn't pay for extra inventory space. I paid for extra inventory BAGS. But somehow you saw fit to remove them and make a big jumbled mess of the inventory compared to what it once was like. And in the end this game is just a terrible follow up to DD1. Shards are not equipping into items i had previously. All my heroes items only accept blue shards but no wait they don't take those either for some reason. There is no reason to punish myself to earn ""Ascension"" just to earn skills when I already had to farm the gold to get those skills to begin with. Again terrible follow up to DD1. Could not be more disappointed."
76561198081303328,Not Recommended,236110,28242715,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,beardedchampions,"loved the first game so much bought this game the day it came out and loved it but then it happen the microtransactions bug it got this game and now if you want to do anything you have to pay money for it its sad to see this happen but as the great freddy mercury said ""another one bites the dust"""
76561198045010906,Not Recommended,236110,19846651,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Folklore,"Worst game ever...  controller only halfway works, tutorial cant even integrate with the controller, its premium gaming and nothing like DD 1. a complete failure IMOFA."
76561198070866065,Not Recommended,236110,19770966,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ming Lee,Fun game until u got into the endgame where it become repetitive and boring besides dlc's are overpriced.
76561198006471508,Recommended,236110,32567830,Posted: 19 June,all,geo981010,"Fun Tower Defense + Shooter hybrid, DD2 is a major graphical update to the first game that I loved. It is a F2P and has a revamped campaign that is definitely worth running through, and even features a great Terraria tie in so you can play as the Dryad and maybe enjoy watching a 3d boss from the game wreak havoc.Developers are still working hard on making the game better, and looking forward to the planned end game Onslaught modes for those players who have put in the 50+ hours to get the true end game OPness!Now officially released, so we can officially play! :)"
,Recommended,236110,18054790,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TheOnlyFury,"*GASP*! A new hero! Stuck behind a grindy pay-wall.......... I supported this game forever ago with a lot of cash and I have to grind or pay $10 USD for the new content. I love DLC in early access games <3. Before you charge me for new content, polish your netcode and engine.I still stand behind the idea that you'll get your time's worth of entertainment here. That being said, after leveling one or two characters, there isn't any reason to return to the game. It's not the lack of content, but the lack of well-polished content. Loot is confusing and clunkier than it was before, and there quickly becomes no incentive to play early-encountered maps. You'll still enjoy your time here, even if that time is less than 20 hours.--- ORIGINAL REVIEW ---TLDR: Great MMO-Tower Defense-RPG romp with enough content on offer to justify the purchase as-is.An incredible experience. Well worth the fee to enter the Alpha. I'd be freaking enraged if the developers did not make true on their word and finish the game with the features they had discussed. But, I wouldn't feel like I was out any money if they didn't. I've had so much fun with the content on offer, and there is a ton of it. About 10 hours to beat the campaign with each character (for a total of 40), and you will not be max level by then.After that, there are still about 4 more gameplay modes that your characters can enjoy that help level them to the cap! In addition, the Free-To-Play model being implemented here is solely for skin customizations and inventory space. (Spend your gems on the inventory space) Skins can be unlocked through random crate drops a la Counter-Strike, but those can be opened with tokens earned in-game. These Wyvern Tokens aren't too grindy to earn.All-in-all I've had a ton of fun with it! I'm working on a playthrough right now. Give it a watch if you want to see what it's all about! -https://youtu.be/EBuZi24W4f8"
76561197970908031,Not Recommended,236110,20235739,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Svati,Got back to this game and all my characters were wiped out. Why should I put time in this?
76561198114388171,Not Recommended,236110,13276554,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheGrimm,"Tsk Tsk Tsk, Before You Make any Assumption As to why Im writing this review after only playing for half an hour, Just know That I have played Dungeon Defenders 1 Across Many Platforms for many hours.I gave Dungeon Defenders II a Thumbs down  for the time being Because as of right now Trendy..Your going a little try-hard.I believe they should have stuck closer to their roots, Dungeon Defenders was and awesome game for what it was. They Kinda Moved away from that to make more money it seems adding this coin system to upgrade weapons and buy weapons alike like we saw with their Dungeon Defenders Eternity. Also, The unlocking of maps is awful. It's really aggrivating.  They way the enemies work along with how you level up and your starting strength alone is too OP. Why AM I Hitting 100's as a lvl 1. This Gives the Leveling up a slower pace and not much of an increase. You rely too much on your armor in this one as well with the added Relic's to be the most effiecient way of boosting tower health and strength.This game needs a lot of tweaking and i would even say a complete make-over. At least when it comes to Game play.The game looks good, The game itself is bad however."
,Not Recommended,236110,19741678,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Female Snail,Sorry guys. Just not feeling it in this one coming from the original. Changed too much of the game mechanics. Not really the same. I definitely recommend the first Dungeon Defenders though.
76561198164712670,Recommended,236110,29683162,Posted: 3 February,all,oobiewankenobi,"After seeing all the recent negative reviews, I think a positive one is in order.  I've had this game since the pre-alpha days and it for the most part, has been a joy to play.  I'm sure that some have had issues with the gameplay, however, I haven't seen a game developer like Trendy, take the opinions and suggestions of the community, and put them into practice.  To those who question why the game is still in alpha, it will soon come out for full release.  Would you rather receive an inferior product that only took months to create, or get a quality one that may have taken years to create.  Be patient, it's coming.  Great job Trendy, and I'm looking forward to the HUGE update coming soon."
76561198080184165,Not Recommended,236110,32169744,Posted: 4 June,all,Black Hole,"Dungeon Defenders I was such a great game. I have incredibly fond memories of playing it with my friends. Everything there was so simple, easy to understand, well constructed, and it just felt like a normal game. During the creation of DD II, it's almost as if the devs said to themselves ""how can we trash the Dungeon Defenders name and line our pockets?"" There is so much wrong with this game I don't think I can write it all down, but let's start with the most obvious.It's pay to win. Anyone who says otherwise has absolutely no idea what they're talking about. At all. There is no argument. This is the definition of pay to win. As far as I know, there are at least FOUR different types of currency in this game. There's gold, discolored ""retard"" gold, gems, and some BS shop-specific currency. Pretty much everything worthwhile does not cost gold. It costs retard gold or gems, which aren't that easy to get. Yes, you get retard gold at the end of levels and by doing other♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you can't even save it up past a certain amount. Yeah, you can't save up one of the major currencies in the game. Ridiculous.Anyone with a functioning brain can tell something is wrong with this game the second you create a character. You can only choose between two: Squire and Apprentice. What about the other's? They're there, you just have to PAY for them. First, you buy the game. Then you have to buy the characters in the game. Then you buy more stuff with real money because if you don't your characters are horribly underpowered and suck. Everywhere in the tavern there are displays of costumes and skins and other BS that costs actual money. It's basically showcasing a bunch of cool items and saying ""yeah if you want these you have to pay real money."" Pathetic. You even have a limit on how many heroes you can create! Want more slots for heroes? Pay us!Then there's the problem of the characters themselves. There is separate ""mana"" for using skills and placing towers. OK, I guess that's understandable. What's not understandable is why there are only four towers for each character. You start out being able to use all 4 towers, so that takes a lot of the excitement out of leveling up your character. Playing as the squire was an outright horrible experience whenever I would want to do melee damage. I was terribly underpowered, even fighting against basic monsters at low levels when I had decent weapons/armor. I had to strike even the weakest monsters for a good 3-4 seconds straight to kill them. And the tougher ones? I'd take me a solid 10-15 seconds just to kill 1. Just get better armor you say? No problem!Except that when you look at the items that are on the ground you only see the stats of that item. So you can't easily compare them to what you have equipped. Going through dozens of dropped items this way is just not possible since you'd have to open your inventory every single time. Why don't I just pick everything up? Great idea! But then I'd run out of bag space (which is pretty limited to begin with). Want more bag space? Pay us more money!! Are you seeing a trend yet?Then there's the maps. I don't mind the layouts of them, but dear God the logistics are absolutely horrible. I don't know why, but some maps I can only open ONE chest, even if there are others that haven't been opened. In multiplayer, if someone opens a chest, that chest does not appear as open for you, it just appears greyed out. The idiot who thought that was a good idea needs to be executed. Chests do not show up on the mini map. Neither do dropped items. Now, if I want to find strong items, I have to weed through every single little piece of trash on the map every single round. There's no guarantee I'd look at everything either without missing anything. What more can I say besides absolutely horrible?The menus in the game are downright horrible. Everything is literally a showcase of what you can buy with your real money. It's teasing you with all these skins, and these bonuses and packages and extra features. It's absolutely riddled with this sort of crap and it's ridiculous.The tavern itself is much too big and has too many useless junk spaces that don't even have any interacting capabilities. NPCs are just outright painful to talk to, and there's so many people and so much going on it's an absolute pain to keep track of who sells what BS.This game is quite literally a 1/10, and that's being generous. It's an absolute shame that this is the direction DD has taken. Absolute and utter trash. It's a disgrace that they call this a ""better"" Dungeon Defenders. There is absolutely nothing better about it. The only thing it does is drain your wallet and your spirit. If you want to experience DD in its purest form, stick to the first game. This is an absolute nightmare. I haven't enjoyed a single second of this trainwreck of a  game."
76561198006540897,Not Recommended,236110,32707178,Posted: 23 June,all,Malkav,"Game is totally unplayable. If (and its a big if) you can get logged in, you probably wont be able to join a map, create a  map, or create a tavern. In the rare case you can, your friends cant join you (assuming by some miracle they were able to log in)."
,Recommended,236110,17330731,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,WoodelWoo,"Better then Orc Must Die . Better gameplay, bigger dungeons... +++"
76561197971508785,Not Recommended,236110,19774701,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shizaku,i did like this game but after the loot fix you need to grind to upgrade with the lack of trash also no point of the scavenger anymore. another thing that is dumb now they made it so you can put 5k or 10k into a legendary and loot a green thats so much better then the legendary you just upgrade i dont care to much for that. and i see they put more work into the wizard costume then any others. i like the 1st Dungeon Defenders better. ill still play this game along side other games i have but its not the best game out really think before you buy it.
76561198038879939,Not Recommended,236110,20662391,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,telryn_silvern,♥♥♥♥ing stupid first game was better in all ways way to ruin good game matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥aswel
76561198047093749,Not Recommended,236110,31228490,Posted: 18 April,all,Gary🐝,Since they have made the shards update all the orange items have lost their purpose and now have wasted my time doing so. I will pick up the game once the remove or change the game back to the way it use to be. I rate this game a 2/10I payed for the alpha and its very upsetting to see this game go downhill since the devs are always on it but i hate that all the time i put into this game just got wasted since a simple update for all my items. They use to have cool affects and neat details for defences but now its a ♥♥♥♥ing hero grind to only do dmg with heros. I miss the towers man... I want this to be like Dungeon Defenders 1 :( Please devs. Turn it back to the way it use to be.
76561198121863847,Recommended,236110,13260510,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Callaghan,"At first I'm talking about other people's responses to DD 2 and how DD 1 is with grinding compared to DD 2, so skip to paragraph 3 for the review.First of all, everyone seems to hate this leveling system. They say it's all grinding, and its stupid, and that DD 2 should be just like DD 1. Now heres the truth, these people just dont remember the beggining of DD 1. Sure you could beat the set of levels to proceed to the next 3, but guess what? Usally those levels were IMPOSSIBLE for your level! Sure Sure, you could say that you just needed skill in tower defense to win, but remember how you unlocked toweres? By grinding! Not just a little grinding, ALOT of ginding. For me atleast I thought it was alot of grinding. So then I play through the story, replaying the same levels over, and over again until I win. Then guess what? I was level 30, so all the challenges were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IMPOSSIBLE! I had to gind to 50 to have a chanse at those. I went hell no, and downloaded the DLC. I invited my buddy over to play and guess what? It was impossible for a level 30. So you know what I did? I grinded my♥♥♥♥♥of. So please dont tell me DD 2 is a grind fest, because DD 1 beats it sooooo far out of the ballpark, it's in a whole new planet. All these people remember is the end game, but there was a incredibly long grind to victory.Now lets talk more about DD 2 way of handling levels. You start in the 1-3 level select. With my three characters it takes one game to unlock more levels, therefore in the 3-5 group. I play another game and I'm not there so I play an online match to get levels faster and boom I unlock another (this time set) of levels. See the way this works? The game is just helping you through the grind with you having to sometimes replay levels to level up, instead of giving you a level your 10 levels off beating, then you keep getting to the last wave and crying when you wasted 30 minutes of your life. Then I have to grind previous levels, then every level replay it until I'm stroung enough. This is more of a way to let you know if your stroung enough. Could it not force you to not play those levels... well yes but you'll die anyways so I dont really care.Now on to the review side of these DD 2 has some proublems. First I wish there was a story, but oh well it's only pre-alpha and it will be added later. (plus, who play DD 1 for the story any way?.) Next is the glitches. Theres a wierd teleporing all over the map/tavern glitch that keeps happening, but again it's in pre-alpha so what did you expect? Third point is that while weapons and shields change with loot, the armour never changes and I REALLY what this to change because I'm disencoureged to find armour when that new sword will be flaming, or that new staff have a crystal with mist around it. Kind of a knit pick but, it does effect how I play so I put it here. (plus this game is so good I don't have many knit picks, and im the biggest knit picker I know.) Lastly is a good and bad thing that won't apply to everyone. You have a character deck for who you can switch out in between waves like in DD 1, only the limit is 3. So if your like me and levels all 4 characters, say good bye to one or later when theres DLC but 2 other characters and cobine them with your left out choice. This may not affect most people because they have only one character, but I had to say good-bye to my monk... for now.Now the good things, aww yeah. Lets start with the obvious, the GRAPHICS ARE SO GOOD. I mean like INCREDIBLY good levels of good. Set this game to high and you won't be sorry. Also EVERYTHING look 10 times beter from background, to envirment, to the glourious loot, to my favorites the characters and enemys. My good good there so detailed, the goblins which are the weakest trash enemys of the game are so detailed, clearly someone spent countly mounths perfecting each design to make it just perfect. AND THIS IS IN PRE-ALPHA! Not even the full game yet!Next good thing is the level design. DD 1 was good, even amazing, but this is borderline pefection. I mean it there was some clearly good designers here. You all deserve a cookie, wait no a pie. Infact I'm coming to Trendy with pies for everybdy, unless there to busy prefecting more enemy's and loot. Next is the new lines that show the path of all the enemys. Thats right, theres no more comlaing that you lost because you didnt know a enemy ogre could go there, or a pack of colbots went another direction you didnt expect. (I HATE COLBOLTS! I take it back, goblins arn't all trash I take it all back.)The next thing amazing about this game is what was in my opinion, not that solid in DD 1, the combat. In DD 1 the combat was simple, press button alot in a swarm of enemy's and when you lose to much health (which im garunteeing you will in survival mode on mave 15) go and heal. The best thing about combat was the  ogers, but they were so slow you just have to back off while they attack and go in for the kill after the attack. Simple, and with a friend you could trick the AI shooting at him from both sides, and therefor confusing him making him turn around alot. Then the ninjas were stupid, would lose me all the time, and shouldnt be in DD 1 in the first place. In DD 2 It's much better. First off all death has a big consenquense. when you die your dead for a LONG while instead of 10 seconds, so dont ever die. Next healing costs alot of blue gems and takes a long time. So don't get hurt, because theres a consequense unlike the DD 1 where you wait 2 seconds to heal. The combat its self is more balenced so squire wont steal all the kills like in DD 1, and most importantly the enemy AI is good in combat. They are worthy opponets and running in with a sword to a giant lizard (forgive me I forgot there name.) Will hurt alot or kill you unles you sheild ALOT or back away at the right time, and shooting the lizards is just as hard because you'll have a arrow (or mana) vs acid the giant lizard is spitting. And thats just one enemy. Trust me, the AI is better.Next is the class balencing issues with DD 1, Squire is way to Over Powered, Wizard is Over Powered and has mana bomb, Monk is balenced with nothing good or bad about him, and huntess us Under Powered with long reloades. On the other hand DD 2 made everyone good in there own way, and the huntress is even one of the three people in my main deck.Next is the defenses themselves for each character are more balenced but if your solo, you need the wizards or squires blockades. The best thing about the new defenses this time is there alot more fun, like the guyser the sendes enyemes flying in the air for you to shoot. There really cool, and the huntress traps have way more ammo.I'm going to stop here because this review would go on forever but i'll start the conclusion. If you love DD 1 you'll love this game but remember, there is a little grinding that you may of forgot from all that time in the end game. If your new I would wait until this becomes free to play, with DLC on the way. I say this because there is no tutorial for newbies, however if your new and your friend is begging for  you to play now I HIGHLY recommend this. Play with ypur friend a little while and you'll soon get the game inside and out. I want to cut this short so message me if you have any questions about thing like level count, loot, ect. Hope this helped :) Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,236110,26724693,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ccstewy9000,I like the part where the developers removed all the fun stuff of DD and replaced it with microtransactions and awful limits that ruin the amount of fun you are allowed to haveDISCLAIMER: No I don't.
,Recommended,236110,24248067,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,gamingfr3ak,"Although I guess I can understand some of these reviews I still really have to disagree with the negativity out there.When I got DD2, I actually bought it when it was still $50. I did buy it on sale but then I found out that it went to free-to-play and I was a little upset. Except that they gave me one of the DLC worth the $50 price tag and then I was not upset as I had been properly compensated.The game is awesome and a lot of fun and I guess some people still don't understand Early Access. This game is still in Early Access as of writing this post. It's so much fun to play and I have gotten a couple of my friends to download it and not pay a dime and we have had a lot of fun. And none of them have griped about any of the paid-for content as free-to-play is awesome all on its ownSo what did I get with my $50 edition? well it's the Defender's Pack or something like that so it's not incredible. But it was enough for me to buy myself two extra inventory bags. Which are great. And I could buy a new character if I wanted to as well but i'm happy enough that the original 4 characters are FREE TO PLAY and you can make all 4 at once and they level all at the same time... and yes it does take a LONG time to build up enough Hero Coins to unlock more characters + slots which I do admit kind of sucks but honestly I love this approach.Yes there are some things that make the game very different if you pay for it. But that's actually something they did right. This game is FREE TO PLAY right now and I know i keep bringing it up but peopel seem to be overlooking that and having expectations for a SEQUEL which is FREE. If you like it enough you will pay for the DLC which means you get a full size demo in the hopes that you will just give them extra money to access content faster. Or, you could just keep playing FOR FREE and unlock everything that way. Maybe not costumes but who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't even bothered to check that.This game is great. There are NEW CHARACTERS (in the last game there were a lot of 'characters' but every single one was a clone of the original 4 except with SOME different abilities. Which really blew chunks in the last game). It's free and VERY accessible even to free-to-play players. And it's so much fun especially with friends and guess what they all have it in their library too because it is free to play."
,Recommended,236110,13859278,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CaSrBa,"Dungeon Defenders 2 is in pretty playable condition for having the tag 'pre-alpha', and it is filled with a decent amount of content to keep coming back to. The Devs are constantly listening to what users what and are responding in a positive fashion. This game has to live up to the high standards of that Dungeon Defenders One, but i feel the game is on the right path. The loot system is much better than the 1st game series and the towers have a refreshing appeal, especially since you can now combine elements to increase damage or efficiency. It is a great game to play with friends, and hopefully the game will live up to the standards of Dungeon Defenders One."
,Not Recommended,236110,30358024,Posted: 6 March,all,Pwncakeroflsauce,"the more patch they push out the more broken the game is... still is filled with game breaking glitch (monster slipping trought your barricade), the war machine or whatever its called is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea ever, ennemy still sometime ignore your barricade to just focus on your tower... Chaos 2 is freaking hard except if you follow the 1 meta and it still give you lvl 46 items wich are totally useless!!! it make just no sense at all... last time they released a community vote for the next content was literraly months ago, patch are slow as hell and just break the game more.before the patch i could solo NM4... now i cant even do Chaos 2 and it only drop lvl 46 items... GJ Trendy... just good job.7/17/2017, just wiped because the skeleton boss spawned behind my barricade and 2shotted the core at C4... and of course the orc lady keep glitching trough my barricade... or when they get knock up by the viper fang barricade.. she will land *behind* the barricade... so yah.. even months later its still glitched as ♥♥♥♥ with no plan of fixing it... but hey.. they just released a bunch of skins and alternative hero that you can buy... $$$ ftw am i right?"
,Not Recommended,236110,30394833,Posted: 8 March,all,honey badger,Don't nerf good towers. buff weak towers.
76561198153448760,Not Recommended,236110,30395233,Posted: 8 March,all,Washboard,"Do NOT waste your time with this game, for the love of god just go play dd1. Thank me later."
,Not Recommended,236110,20367171,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Murkie csgoroll.com,This game was better when it didn't port Dungeon Defenders 1 dlc.
,Not Recommended,236110,30283123,Posted: 2 March,all,???,Dev's have no idea which direction they want to take with the game and change core game mechanics every couple of months which essentialy wipe all gear progress you've made. And they cant figure out how to balance their game which always results in 1-2 towers(PDT/Archers)being brokenly OP and  being spammed everywhere on the map.And theres still the same bugs in the game from a year+ ago(Ogre's getting stuck inside spawns or bugging through defenses)  which causes you to have to restart the map and lose ~15min+ of progress in most cases.Then the newest Ascension system they added is just a clone of Marvel Heroes Omega system that just makes you have to grind levels for hours upon hours until you can advance to the next difficulty.So if you're looking for an annoyingly  buggy and grindy game with dev's that cant decide  which directiion they want to take the game then this game is for  you otherwise go play Sanctum/SC2TD/or DD1 if you're looking for a Towew Defense fix.
,Not Recommended,236110,29412970,Posted: 21 January,all,Aristella,"Played this when it was still in beta, the one where you pay to play, and IT WAS SO MUCH BETTER BACK THEN.They kept adding unnecessary buyable characters and tower become more and more useless.The equipment i got is no longer viable to use; not to mention how grindy it is to get usable ones.Definitely not recommended anymore"
76561198037258838,Not Recommended,236110,21137971,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,DedleeWicket,"I was an avid Dungeon Defenders 1 player and loved so many things about that game.  Dungeon Defenders 2 is a far cry from a sequel to do it justice.  While 2 does have its few improvements, most of what they have tried to do and the changes they have made just fall well short of 1.I do have to say that I PAID for early access and now this game has become Free To Play which I think is not at all a good thing.  Cheated with no reward.Comparisons of 1 and 2:-The size, scale, and scope of the levels are very dissapointing compared to 1.  The maps are small wiith no real options for strategy, just put down big towers and hit the mobs as soon as they exit the doors or just barricading the crystal.  Towers seem too big and bulky on most maps.-Character depth and selection is so much less than 1.  Why do so many changes and break a great stat and equipment system?  Less skills, less stats, less customization, less options, big part of what made 1 great which is gone in 2.-Sloppy developement in a lot of ways.  Parts of the game, which were disabled from early beta, have just been abandoned in place, or left not working and broken.  Glaring glitches, major errors, updates that break the game, cumbersome control and gameplay (ex. can't use controller due to faulty button mappping on programmer side), major lag and sluggishness on normal game operations and loading which suggests a bare minimum approach to developement.I would say that they have a long way to go before this early access build is anything like Dungeon Defenders 1.  I don't feel the experience is anywhere near as good.  While I would love to help develope this game towards that direction, I don't think Trendy's direction is a good one at the moment."
76561198022692782,Not Recommended,236110,31275088,Posted: 21 April,all,Pluschi-x,It used to be great fun. Then they made a upgrtade and the 200+h spend where gone. And the game was not fun anymore but boring instead.
,Recommended,236110,13334910,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Feur,"Dec-12-2014Time Played: 26-HoursPre-Alpha Review (Patch 1.1)From the view of an Aprentice main with mid-lvl huntress/monk----TL;DR at the bottom----*There are plenty of reviews giving a Pro/con list for this game in comparison to DD1, so this is my take on DD2 as is, and where it seems to be going.Initial Thoughts -This is not DD1. Hands down, the hardest part of this game is other people. You can't throw down your towers without reason, you have to communicate(esp. for Hard-mode), and plan out a ""strategy"" which at the moment is basically Lightning aura/Gyser/Ice Tower and a Boost aura(there are other combos that work of course). Sure you can add on some towers that synergise with those as well, but that is the core layout that many people are running. (Squire - cannon/Apprentice- earth are the best additions)---Edit: They fixed a bug with lightning aura, so it's not as op now. However, the gyser/lightning is still a strong combo.Furthermore,  I'm glad they're willing to make changes, I wouldn't want just a reskinned DD1. Because lets face it, if you want DD1, play DD1. Any re-skin they do will always pale in comparison to nostalgia. As for me, I'm loving where they seem to be going, and hope they implement new ideas that make DD2 look like, what DD1 wanted to be.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Towers/Classes -With all the negative things being said, I still think having synergy between towers is a plus. Yes, it does somewhat limit gameplay at the moment, but, it creates some purpose to playing with other classes/using various towers together. it just needs some tweeks in the way it's implemented atm. Remember, Pre-alpha.Currently, I can think of 1-2 optimal builds for a map/character(excluding legendaries that buff certain towers and may make them very valuable). that's extreemly boring in the long run, and limits the replayablility of the game.*More towers, combos, and specable talents would open this up some, because currently the Meta for a good team-based build seems to be -Apprentice? Max the ice towers chance to freeze, place ice towersMonk? Max lightning aura dmg, place lightning aura's and boost aura'sHuntress? Max the dmg the next atk does to a doused target. Or, If you want to go single target dmg, Dmg+ for target dist./ AA Full charge chance. Either way, place gysers.Squire? (haven't played squire, so no idea) Cannons are rediculous, as are balistas.----So, why do I reccomend the game?----It has potential, a lot of potential. Remember, this is Pre-Alpha. They're still working out the kinks, and adding in a ton more content, this game, as is, is the foundation with a skeletal structure for what's to come, and it's shaping up very nicely. At the moment, it's meh. Not amazing, but not worth a thumbs down. IMO the game looks a lot more promissing than DD1, it both looks better, and has a more intuitive UI in place. I'm loving it so far.---------------------------------------------------------------------------Suggestions for the game -. More than 4 towers per character. But you can only chose 4 to bring into a map.. Improve lvl'ing experience. The game really starts 15+ when you have all your towers, but takes a while to get to depending on solo/group play.. Lower chances for green chests. . . 1 non-green chest in ~70-80 runs is rediculous, and it was a blue.. Item Drop chance not dependent on # of players in the map, but on difficulty of the map. . .. Stat re-roll option for items. (i.e. Changing M.Def -> def). More Weapon options.. Clan option in-game. Improved UI/Overlay. Improved Matchmaking. lvl25+/++ and all challenge modes should only be able to be played by 1 of your characters, no Hero Deck option, unless in private play.----------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR -This is not DD1. If you're dissapointed it's not just like DD1, play DD1. . . but you'll be missing out.TL;DR V.(Patch 1.1 Pre-Alpha)  -Thumbs neutral, at the moment it's ok, but has a lot more potential than DD1 IMO. Hardest part of the game is learning to communicate, and strategize. They made multiplayer mean something, so don't be a 1-man army in a group of 4.----Currently 7/10,could easily be 9/10 - 10/10 with some minor tweaks by Launch.If you're on the fence, waitlist it, hopefully the upcoming improvements will push you over the edge =PIf not, it'll be Free-To-Play upon full release. . . whenever that is."
,Not Recommended,236110,19733156,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ganglati,"A fine game.But it took forever to develop and they might wipe all data any time.Mostimportanly, it's free now, really, after all the players paid 20 euro to support you guys, and it's free now?"
,Not Recommended,236110,20632833,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,A420  Blaze Kisiragi (Orionfire),So what youre telling me is that i paid 25 bucks for this and now its free to play?So when i lose all my progress over and over again because its early access and you guys cant seem to just let us play the game without resetting the servers.I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,236110,19802329,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Thegoodman,"With the balance revamp incoming, thought I should change this.Games like these are the reason why people don't like sequels. Trying to bring innovation, not that it's a bad thing, but at the cost of destroying the mechanics we loved in the previous game. They just had to add on top of DD1's gameplay, but they scratched everything that made Dungeon Defenders what it is. Now it's a dull cluster♥♥♥♥ of numbers and stats.Also F2P+microtransactions, so you know where this is going."
76561198165319724,Recommended,236110,13839047,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ez Stylzz,"I am a former player of DD1 for Xbox 360 I played it for about 2 or 3 months then I quit because of hackers that hacked for their own good not modding. This caused me to quit playing it. Then about a year later I overheard one of my friends talking about a second dungeon defenders coming out, I was esctatic <-(I think thats how its spelled who cares) suddenly the memories of all the fun I had in DD1 on Xbox came back, then i heard it was gonna be f2p that was the icing on the cake. So when it came out I looked it up on my steam acct and saw $20, because of the christmas sale, and I have to admit I was disheartened but I bought it anyways because of how much I loved the first one. Got on it and I just got warmth in my heart for how good of a PRE-ALPHA game it is. I have yet to find a bug and I even found some cool places in the tavern like walkway above the weapon shop. I was so shocked even to see an enemy get stuck behind the purple defense wall, first thing i thought was guess theres no such thing as a flawless game then next thing i know he just dies. i dont know if they integrated suicide for them like they did for players but something they did even stopped the enemies from getting stuck. so for all you haters if you dont like the game then dont buy it tell you i certainly dont like playing with people who just constantly dis a game for no reason.Thank you to the developers of this exceptional game i just hope it doesnt succumb to the same demise of the first"
76561198039256127,Not Recommended,236110,19794587,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Banaani,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥has nothing to do with Dungeon Defenders. Also I bought it with 20e and after like 6 months, its free to play."
76561198050506383,Not Recommended,236110,13315982,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Dumpy,<play> Searching for session...<play> Searching for session...<play> Searching for session...<play> Searching for session...<play> Searching for session...
,Recommended,236110,13348206,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Synthetic,"After about 65 hours into Dungeon Defenders II I am happy to report that they have been enjoyable. While the overall feel of DDII remains similar to that of its predecessor, there are some things that are notably different. To start with, if you want to use each of the heroes you will have to grind them up to the higest level (currently 25 although this is bound to increase as new content becomes available) individually as the maps are now broken up into level restrictive increments such as 1-3, 3-5, 5-10 etc. You are however able to use your higher level characters in lower level maps although they will be scaled down accordingly to the highest level for the current map. This can be time consuming but presumably it is to discourage solo play and encourage teamwork and synergy between community members.The maps feel a bit busier graphically and it was harder for me to wrap my head around tower placement than it was for the first game. In DD1, you were often able to place towers in such a way that you could guard multiple lanes with clever and well thought out placement. With DD2 placement feels more dictated and formulaic which takes a bit of fun away from the planning process.Currently at the time of this review (Dec. 2013) only one ""Stage"" is available. There is not yet a ""boss"" fight which was disappointing but the game is still in a pre-alpha state. There are synergies now between damage types and trap combinations which are interesting and give the players something to strive for in terms of teamwork.Item progression seems well planned, however the items have very little variation. There are generally two stats associated to one item, the first is determined by the item name (i.e.: ""Rapid Fire Gloves"" are guaranteed to have Defense Speed on them) and the second appears to be random. As a result of only 2 stats for each item, you are almost forced into choosing a specialization of 2 to be effective and are only looking for items with those 2 stats on them for the majority of the game.  This often leads to finishing a map, browsing through items very quickly, keeping the ones that match your criteria and selling the rest. While this seems like a good formula, I found myself quickly bored as there are only a couple combinations of items that are worthwhile at the moment (Defense Power/Defense Speed for builders, and Hero Damage/Ability Power for DPS). This meant that 90% of the items I found I sold and 10% I kept. With 20-30 items per map it felt like a lot of time selling useless items.The inventory system is currently somewhat challenging to navigate. Dragging items onto other bags works infrequently and forces you to manually open bags and move items between open slots. It was difficult to organize them and I wanted a more user friendly experience. It would also be lovely to be able to check your inventory with 'i' like in the first game instead of being forced to visit a defender's forge.Working with other people was sometimes more challenging than it should have been. I think this game could benefit from a built in chat system to make the process easier.I'm looking forward to the costumes to become available in game via micro transactions so that I can lend some uniqueness to my character as currently, when there are four monks running around in game it feels very much like a clone of the person next to me which takes away from the immersion considerably.Overall, the game was really fun up to the maximum level but there is little reason to stay and grind at the moment. I look forward to exploring additional content as it becomes available. I would reccommend purchasing the game in it's current stage to anyone who is willing to be patient as content becomes available since as of right now it is somewhat limited in scope."
,Not Recommended,236110,30397015,Posted: 8 March,all,Nemu,"Great game and concept that is unfortunately ruined by TrendyEnt's terrible ""balacing"" (aka nerfing everything into uselessness).  Towers feel incredibly weak and gearing up does not feel satisfying at all anymore, with most of the unique stats either removed or locked into the 'Shard' system (which is gated by awful RNG).  Maybe this game will be worth coming back to months from now, but currently I cannot recommend it."
76561198025032082,Not Recommended,236110,30340425,Posted: 5 March,all,ChrisSparta,Do not waste your time trying to play this game yet. The company itself does not know how to balance a tower defense game in there own rules.
,Not Recommended,236110,19954228,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Las Vegas was a false flag,"Absolutely disgusting for Trendy to sell 4-packs ahead of time for $80 and then turn around and make the game free to play.I now have 3 copies sitting in my inventory waiting to send to people worth $60 originally, but now nothing.A company that doesn't have their funding model sorted out ahead of time is likely to be money grubbing further down the track as well.Substituting a cosmetic pack for a full game purchase is NOT acceptable and is not fair trade, Trendy have lost mine and friends' business forever, any title."
76561197979199589,Recommended,236110,32695754,Posted: 23 June,all,Zienth,Pros: hits all the high marks of DD1 while fixing a lot of the quirks of DD1. Heroes can be built for damage without sacrificing tower power and combat in general is a lot more fleshed out. Tower placement and upgrading is much more important and not some frantic exercise in running around collecting gems and smashing the upgrade button like DD1 was. There's also a lot of content for an initial launch and hopefully a lot more in the future.Cons: It's a little buggy and the servers are easily overloaded. Although this is a temporary issue and there's an unexpected work around by playing in a different region besides US East.
,Not Recommended,236110,31253989,Posted: 20 April,all,Hubcap,"I really wanted this game to do well. I have to just stop playing this game. Every time I come back to it every mechanic changes and progression is flipped around and left incoherent. The developers seem to not know what they want to do and I just cant support this any more.As of right now. The game does have entertaining aspects to it. Classes feel fun, buildings are entertaining and flashy. But the bad things like certain monster forcing play styles is just jarring and not needed. Goblin tank forces you into tanking because it just plows through any tower without stopping and requires massive amounts of dps to kill it. They added the annoying talent system from Diablo 3. Want to find tune some thing? Too bad you have to gain 4 levels to add one point to the thing you want.I suggest Coop if you are interested in the game. After hitting about level 45-50 it gives you an enormous gear check and soloing comes to a grind.Best of luck Trendy. I loved Dungeon Defenders 1. I dont know what went wrong in house, but this doesnt feel like a sequel. Feels like some thing EA would do to an IP they want to get rid of. Ill check in again once you guys officially release this game."
76561198042424652,Not Recommended,236110,30995796,Posted: 7 April,all,Megatto,"So sad to see that this great game had to die so soon! I agree with others, the Trials update killed this game!"
76561197986715648,Not Recommended,236110,30395278,Posted: 8 March,all,KaossoaK,"It's like they are trying to make this game more of a hack n slash than a tower defense game. The range of towers has been nerfed to the point of being useless. Gone are the days of monk towers being able to cover a location and even if you upgrade the tower, it's range does not change. I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. Devs, if you read this, please look at the things that made DD1 so successful. The direction you are going right now is going to kill this game."
,Not Recommended,236110,31381617,Posted: 26 April,all,Eddman37,"At the current state I cannot recomend this game. I played it for a while a few months ago and absolutely loved it. The game just felt fun and interesting with it's few quirks. As time passed and developers released new updates the game has just gone down hill and changed so much of what actually made it fun. One instance of a fun interaction was just have the sphere on the Abyss Lord that made his heal give movement speed and just run around the map as a dedicated healer just for the hell of it. They also just couldnt recreate the magic that was the orginal Dungeon Defenders, which I got my money worth out of the orginal. I don't usually write reviews, expecially not negative ones, but i felt that the devs have the oppurtunity to fix this game and make it worth playing again for everyone."
,Recommended,236110,18154130,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tim The Enchanter,"Alpha & Beyond:It's looking great. It runs rather well, I have expirienced very few to no bugs at all and the Devs are quick to fixing any that happen to pop up. The classes are all fairly balanced in their own ways and they're all able to be built about 2-3 different ways, which adds some more diversity to the game itself.That being said, it is till only in Alpha stage so there is a rather large limit to most of the game's features at the moment. After completing the Campagin mode you're left with Free mode and a newer insane mode, which both become repetitive and annoying at times, especially with having only so many maps to play.Good news is that the community is alot kinder than most and if you don't mind replaying maps here and there it can become addicting, and one hell of a lootfest. With the many ways of playing classes and spending 8 hours a day waiting for the damn eggs to hatch just one legendary pet to admire; you'll get alot of time into it. It's also possible to play singleplayer, if you're the anti-social type or just don't have any friends.All in all, it's a fairly good game for being in Early access, and there's clearly alot more coming to the game. So if you don't mind the repetitive gameplay and watching the game grow, then this is for you. If you'd rather get the full expirience then go ahead and wait, either way this certainly is, and most likely will be a wonderful game upon full release."
76561198015154449,Recommended,236110,23903396,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ass McNasty,"Just finished a 14+ hour marathon of this unfinished masterpiece. The top review for this game is a serious overreaction. If you played dd1 a lot and had all the dlc, then you'll like this one even more. The gameplay is super refined over the first (buggy but only like 1 game breaker that i know of), the matchmaking is excellent most of the time, and the grind has plenty of incintives if you're the type to min-max your gear to become a godly monster slaying badass. I haven't even reached the endgame yet and i can see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this game over the next few years. It's hard to believe that this is only an alpha and it's already better than the first game!As for the paid currency transactions: HOLD OFF UNTIL YOU KNOW YOU LOVE THE GAME. Don't get greedy and burn your money just because something looks good. If you truly like this game (or even the first game) you'll glady drop the money with no regrets because the premium content is really satisfying if you're a big fan.If you were the type of person to repetedly run challanges on nightmare difficulty in the orignial game, you'll find this game to be an amazing breath of fresh air. If you're new, skip the first game and play this one... NOW!!tl;dr: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Amazing RPG/Survival/Tower Defense Hybrid gameonly in alpha; still beats the first,Don't waste money unless you absolutely love itJUST PLAY IT NOW"
,Not Recommended,236110,32611123,Posted: 20 June,all,Drakor,"This is basically Dungeon Defenders 1, except inferior in every way, including technical performance."
76561198003424334,Recommended,236110,17294045,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BiggyMoose,"For something that is in pre-alpha, Dungeon Defenders 2 has plenty of content to keep you playing throughout all the stages of this game's development."
76561197999189821,Recommended,236110,14921993,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Piggyteehee,I really like this game. Even though it's in early access I can tell there are a lot of different routes you can take with your character and I love games where the end game is infinite and you can always be upgrading and changing specs.I have a first look I did before this most recent patch if anyone is interested in seeing what it's like to be a newbie in the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ez5DAl_Y-g
76561198127032862,Not Recommended,236110,18746286,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WoOfMaN,I was excited for DD2 so I preorederd it.. now I have been disapointed with the fact that now its free to play and I would rather go back to DD1.. please refund my purchase I onlye have 22 minutes of gameplay.
76561198044717385,Not Recommended,236110,26528187,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Everybody,"i played the campaign through once and it got very repetitive and boring shortly after. Also ever since the carnival/gunwitch update i can only play 2 maps in a row before i get hit with 'request timed out' and thrown into the hub which wouldn't be a major issue if the hub were actually there, instead i'm put into an infinite fall since the world didn't even spawn.Edit: i forgot to mention that i ran it on a computer that exceeds recommended specs and since the terraria update i can safely play the games for hours without the aforementioned bugs.Actually being able to play it now, the game is still repetitive and the heroes (aside from the base 4) require either a premium currency gained through daily and monthly challenges or with a premium currency bought with real money. all cosmetic outfits require the currency bought with real money."
76561198047834013,Not Recommended,236110,33789584,Posted: 25 July,all,Eternal,"Not even a decent game, constantly broken by updates get DD1 way better"
76561197973803182,Not Recommended,236110,22032759,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Vaporlynx,MIdling gameplay.  Money grubbing company.
,Recommended,236110,18797807,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Static,I love this game but honestly i paid 20 dollars for it day 1 and now its free to play sure i like helping the devs but its kinda stupid to do this to your fans we paid for the game and are hard earned money down the drain i dont need a refund but i think you should consider what you did.But You Should Give DLC To all People Who Bought the Game with money.Any Dev Please Respond.
,Not Recommended,236110,14064696,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,choonaye,"To be quite honest, I DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR THOSE WHO HAVE PLAYED DD1 AND LOVED IT. It's great, but there are multiple problems that you would commenly expect when getting a pre-alpha game. Ignoring the fact that I have down voted this game, there are multiple aspects of this game that include DD1 gameplay style and newly intergrated styles in this new game.Now for the main reasons I have (not) recommended this game.- A lot of the features of DD1 have been removed/rehased/recycled. This means that some of the things have been kept, while some of these things have been reworked, while most of the other stuff has been reused.-Style of the game is great, it is visualy appealing and very well textured/graphics are amazingly good for a pre-alpha.- A lot of the classes have been reworked and nerfed heavily. Huntress's mines/traps and bombs area of effect has been greatly nerfed had has no were near the the effect they did in DD1. Squire's defences are while the same, have been heavily nerfed, and dont hold a candle to DD1's squire's defences. Monk and Apprentice are in the same boat, thus making the game a lot more difficult and challenging when progressing onwards in leveling. Defences are also quite weak, and you're forced to rely on your hero to do most of the cleaning of waves.-Mana: Mana has been drastically altered and is no longer the main currency of the game. While you still use mana to build towers and use abilities, the new incorperation of a coin/gold system is now the new money of the game. Speaking of mana, there are two different types of mana. Ability mana (Blue) and Tower mana (Green) both drop off enemies, but in very LOW quantites.-Online system: They have a very strange working of the Online/Server set up which at first greatly confused me. However it took a while to get use to. You are thrown into a recruitment tavern where you talk to a recruiter. This brings up a menu allowing you to pick from multiple different level groups. E.g. 1-5. 5-10. 10-15. This also stops boosting somewhat as if you were a higher level, (E.g. 15) and joined a lower level bracket, (E.g. 5-10), you would be brought down to level 10 for the remainer of your time in that bracket, once you leave, you are returned to your normal level. This also kicks lower level characters from trying to join higher level brackets.Overall, the game is very different from DD1. I was expecting it to be a lot better than the first one, and wasn't expecting much of the workings of the characters to change that much considering they were perfect in the first game. However this is my opinion and that doesn't mean much on the internet.The main reason I am not recommending this game is becuase it's purely a pre-alpha and the the fact that its $24, (from New Zealand), is not really ideal. However, in another case, if you loved DD1 and want to give it a try, by all means, i would recommend it to you just becuase its a great start to a game that has LOADS of potential. However, definately needs work, and lots of changes.~~TLDR~~If you liked DD1, get it and see for yourself. If you haven't played DD1 or didn't like DD1, don't get it, becuase it's simply not worth $24 or whatever its going for in your country. Especially when rumour has it that on offical release its going to go Free 2 Play."
,Recommended,236110,18292112,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Smayay,A really amazing game. Still in Eary-Access but yet pretty bug free
,Recommended,236110,31750304,Posted: 14 May,all,Cookies,"If you like tower defense, cartoony graphics and first person shooters, look no further. This game delivers a decent amount of maps, and plenty of difficulties. You are given a deck with 4 slots where you can place your heroes that will be used as DPS and/or building towers. You can only have 1 active hero at a time, but the tower you built with the other heroes will still have the same damage whenever you switch heroes. All heroes start at level 1 and max out at level 50, the gear that drops keeps on getting better and better the harder difficulty you manage to play at, so a level 50 gear can be A LOT better than another level 50 gear, it all depends on difficulty it dropped at and what gear you already had equipped. Sidenote: This game has a lot of in-game purchases, but none of the items you can buy in-game give you any advantage over free to play."
,Recommended,236110,15439662,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dom Tanks,This game made me realize that ball was no longer life.
,Recommended,236110,17135062,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,nhoJ,Love this game love the grind Very fun u will enjoy 1000/10Great game
,Recommended,236110,16633151,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pantong,"Game is going in the right direction so far, community driven updates(content) and fixes to boot.The game right now feels like there is a lack of content. But amazing fun with friends, like the first one.The game will have mircotransactions, features have been added in, and i have not idea if it is going to be f2p. Although it does look like it will be Free-2-play, and the mircotransactions will be for cosmetics. but will not be pay to win."
,Recommended,236110,15819288,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Shadeslayer,GREAT 10/10 LOVE IT
76561198141633085,Not Recommended,236110,32422420,Posted: 14 June,all,lunacat2.0,"When the game was first released onto steam for Early Access, it was really fun. The game was not balanced, but you could play it the way that you wanted to and come up with your own strategies to defeat the challenging end game. Incursions and Onslaught mode were amazing, because they could add difficulty and make the game even better. Recently, with the Trials update, the game has gone downhill. The chaos tiers seem cool at first, until you realize that each tier completely negates a hero's defenses. This is not healthy for the game. People should be able to play whatever class they want to while coming up with unique strategies, not be forced into dumping the class because a single mob disables their defenses. Also, the game should be balanced to the point that both defenses and heros are required, not by making the defenses so weak to the point that it is all about hero damage. The recent design changes have completely ruined the game for me, and the game is not ready for a full release."
,Recommended,236110,17884584,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Qauzy,bought this game a while ago. i really enjoy playing it im close to 500 hours atm. and that for a alpha game!cant wait for the game to be done!
76561198022098594,Not Recommended,236110,30355540,Posted: 6 March,all,sodendop,Trials update ruins the game for me im not haveing fun no more X(
,Not Recommended,236110,30398858,Posted: 8 March,all,Devin,Unfortunately full of anti-fun mechanics including making certain characters and their defences useless (enemies will ignore or be immune to them) which forces you to adopt one of only a few valid strategies until that too is nerfed into oblivion.Developers need to watch Sid Meier's The Psychology of Game Design (Everything You Know Is Wrong).
,Not Recommended,236110,30584344,Posted: 17 March,all,Stereochuck,"-The game isn’t about getting gear anymore (what the whole game was about) you now need shards from end game lvls like chaos to do any real damage. How do you get high enough lvl to play chaos you may ask?-Well gear in hard mode is only lvl 46 / isn’t good enough to play chaos 1-Chaos 1 drops lvl 46 gear not good enough to even fight its own lvl.SOOoOOoOoOO you need to be carried like a baby while you stand around and let someone else do everything and then equip all the max stats gear (even if the item sucks and does nothing towards how you want to build the charter) Because that’s the only way to get better stats. It also makes getting gear always lame. Like any loot game when you find that one SUPER awesome peace that just amazing and you jump up and down for joy doesn’t exist in this game. You just do this slow climb to the top that is dual and not really rewarding…..What this game is missing for me,1. Maybe some set gear that bonus off each other.2. A better roll over from hard to chaos mode. (it’s like two totally different worlds) Why make shards the best way to really tweak and help your character but then only given it to the top players. That can farm chaos.3. Better random items. Like I understand the slow stat increase way… But throw in an item occasionally, that’s super nice that I don’t have to be doing chaos 5 to get. (like set gear)As of right now hard mode doesn’t give me any better gear then what I have on and chaos 1 is just so crazy I can’t farm it to get any better gear. From a game that use to give you so much, now only gives you so little. I’ll have to put it back down from now. Sad to see a free to play that was always a load of fun go down the drain."
,Not Recommended,236110,30686755,Posted: 23 March,all,Poonslaya the Slayer of Poon,"'Aw yeah, Dungeon Defenders II is in Alpha, we've been waiting for this for years' - me and my friend on original release of DD2 on steam.Played it. Was pretty broken but eh, was an Alpha. I enjoyed the game play, they made it different to the first one, which was good, but it still stuck to its roots of a magical RTS with some 3rd Person fighting involved.Enter TrialsGame I spent £15 or so on is now free. I get some ingame pay-to-win currency for what is now basically an FPS with a slight hint of tower defence in that you can kiiiiiinda slow them down. If you are new to DD as a franchise get DD1. If you like DD1 play DD1.Get Gid Trendy"
76561198194236906,Not Recommended,236110,19917434,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dps,this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ i bought it for 20 bucks and now its free gay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093078973,Recommended,236110,32143748,Posted: 2 June,all,dasanayaka,"8/10This game is addictive - I have played way too much. It's definitely a lot of fun, but it depends on how you frame it. If you play the same maps the same way and you are just grinding for better loot, it can get old. But it is definitely challenging to reach higher levels, and there are so many ways to switch it up and challenge yourself. It's really what you make of it."
,Recommended,236110,17871374,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,chesticles,"UPDATED 12/18/15:The Loot 2.0 and Awakening Patches have been amazing!They have and are adressing the loot issues so the gear you need, drops more frequently and not with random passives.A new boss! No longer does Betsy rain supreme! The Harbinger fight is awesome ( I won't spoil it)Trendy takes DD and evolves it into something great.Still in Alpha, this game is being balanced and polished by very active devs.Looking forward to future patches and dev activity!"
,Recommended,236110,29928549,Posted: 14 February,all,Luk3pee,i like
76561197970882269,Not Recommended,236110,30415274,Posted: 9 March,all,Dwayne,as of right now i cannot recommend this game. devs nerf things waaaay to much and dont know how balace. i would not recommend to support the devs at this moment. the patch before 19.2 was awesome and i and alot of others had alot of fun. but that didnt live long. this game had alot of potential but it seems like devs want to kill the game.
76561198100158271,Not Recommended,236110,31142134,Posted: 14 April,all,lostpatate,I used to love this game but since the last few patches the game is getting worse and worse. I can't recommend this game.
76561197962347670,Not Recommended,236110,20401575,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zarrath,"So DD2 has basically become the thing I feared from DD1..Bad..I was so excited to see that DD2 would come on steam, and I don't know how many hours of fun I had with DD1 just to play.. this crap?Oh, I want my money back.. Spending 20€ on a game that becomes F2P and is literally♥♥♥♥♥♥. I call this public scam."
,Not Recommended,236110,31353079,Posted: 25 April,all,Tyrix,"Loved Dungeon Defenders 1. bought this game when it wasnt even FTP yet. started playing it now and my god what a rip offCore characters are the same but worse. the new characters are hugely dissappointing and too expensive-HUGELY! Pay To Win-Debuffed traps and other defences-Such a grind, for everything,linked to this, too big of a power gap between levels, cant even play the game on normal in one go to get the story."
76561198058985388,Not Recommended,236110,20573261,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Nisboy,"I used to really enjoy this game, after months of ignoring this game from my library I decided to try it again. I did not enjoy this game after months of thinking it was going to improve I am really disappointed. But, I do have to admit the game is very fun with friends good game to chat with friends and not just look at eachother for 2 hours straight. If you do want to pick up this game ask 2 or 3 friends to play with you. :)"
76561197966477610,Not Recommended,236110,20313224,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cloakrunner,They went a little too hard on the F2P model and stepped to far away from what DD1 so special.
,Recommended,236110,18174917,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Luxuria,"So much better then the rest of the DD. You can see how much they invest in this game, not funds but thoughts and efford. They listen and trust the community to a point to maintain a stable and entertaimning game."
76561198074171051,Recommended,236110,18407628,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Semi-Trash,Don't forget to wipe~!(Hope you get the joke!)
,Recommended,236110,30241398,Posted: 28 February,all,Leafstar,"Core Gameplay:You defend your crystals, build towers, kill waves of enemies, level up, loot and get better equipment, kill even stronger waves of enemies and have fun.Review:While the game undertook several changes since it first appeared on steam, it stayed pretty consinstent over the time. It had some weak patches, but it also had some pretty neat changes. I got bored of the first part of the franchise, because my towers were basically godlike and I could take on everything. They changed this with the sequel. You need to kill the special enemies and bosses yourself and can't just layback (at least I haven't reached the item-power to do so yet) and it's very entertaining. I think we can all agree, that a game, in which you got nothing to do is a bad game.The game is meant to be played with up to 3 other defenders, which can be very funny or very frustrating (like every other online game, where you have to work together), but overall I prefer to play this game alone. Some maps are way easier as a team, especially the harder difficulties in the game, but it's still somehow doable.The only problem I have with this game is, that it takes some time to unlock the heroes themselve. When I remember correctly, you start with the 4 basic heroes and have to unlock the other 5 with wyvern coins or real money. You get wyvern coins for finishing a map and completing daily or monthly quests.One important point is, that you don't get any advantages by investing real money. You can only unlock skins and heroes with the premium currency. Personally, I think the 4 starting heroes are all you need. The others are just for optimizing your defense.All in one: The game is f2p, it's fun, try it yourself. You don't lose anything beside some of your time."
76561198002618924,Not Recommended,236110,32017262,Posted: 28 May,all,ZoranxD,"Its way to confusing, I played dungeon defenders 1 alot of hours, aprox 400.this game is just a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of options and useless looting..Have fun-"
,Recommended,236110,32245581,Posted: 7 June,all,rayhtown,I always enjoyed Tower Defense Games and this is one of the best around.  The Loot is always fun to get to make your hero better and fun creative towers put down.  Big Fan of All the dungeon defender Titles!
,Recommended,236110,30047137,Posted: 19 February,all,John Stamos,"This is a pretty good game, and heres why.- Fun to play characters.- Plays at 50 fps on my crappy computer on medium in some pretty intense moments.- Doesn't look like crap on medium or low- You can earn basically everything- People who pay get very trivial bonuses- Some sort of story that revolves around the four main playable characters- A decently done two-way crossover- Multiple challenges after the story is done- Diablo-esq loot system that doesn't seem heavily rigged in favor of pay to play players.Heres some cons.- Very short six act story, with 2-6 missions on average per act.- Challenges recommended directly after final boss seem infinitely harder than the final bosses stage.- Can't unlock any of the cool heroes even if you beat the full story, still gotta do those challenges for them.- Paying does give some convienient short-cuts, nothing bad though.- Story lacks general depth, but its alright for a game of this length."
76561198025173806,Not Recommended,236110,32704073,Posted: 23 June,all,Khancer,Cant play due to 2002 error.
,Recommended,236110,16190305,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Legendorius,"Developer: Trendy Ent.Publisher: Trendy Ent.Genre: Action Tower DefenceThe emperor of the Action Tower Defence games is back. Help your friends, build towers, auras and traps; repair and upgrade 'em. Get back to endless waves of♥♥♥♥♥kicking fun!In the first installation of the series, we were playing as the Little Defenders ( sons and daughters of the real heroes). These little heroes defended the Eternia Crystals and put an end to the Evil's plans but just when these littlelings lost all their power and hopes at the end of the first game, their beloved parents came to rescue at the right time and defeat the evil of the evillest.With Dungeon Defenders II, the developers giving us the ""Real"" heroes and their real adventures. Oracular graphics, incredible character models and wondrously designed maps and gameplay mechanics that mostly operating like cogwheels; these are also what they are throwing at us. And as a Early Access it stand out like a sore thumb among others.Lets start with seperating facts of DD1 and DD2:-DD1 adopted the simplest co-op game formula; buy the game and its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLC's. DD 2 will be free when it is released ( People who bought the game before f2p release get cosmetic items, in-game crystals for costumes and some other premium gifts)-DD1 has cell-shade and simple graphics. DD2's graphics are resembling a good animation movie, it has cartoon/animation like graphic concept.-DD1 use mana as currency, DD 2 differentiate mana and currency. Now we have gold coins $$.-DD1 just have 1-2 basic costume per character and you need to buy DLCs for them. In DD2 we have evolving and much more detailed costumes ( even at this stage, there are many compared to DD1), which you can buy with real money currency.-DD1 has tons of DLCs, (it is not %100 clear but) developers thinking of earning money from cosmetic items like MOBA's and supporting the game with free expansions.-DD1 has offline private option. İn DD2, you need to be online even though you are playing solo.Yes DD2 has core mechanics from the first installation; but it looks better on the surface, it feels better when you play it and it is much more refined than most of the other Early Access' and DD1.Let's get to pros and cons part:+ Will be F2P!+ Fantastic graphics and colour palette+ Refined gameplay mechanics ( developers are trying to make it much more stable )+ Developers that are listening to us.+ Good animations and rigging+ As a pre-alpha, it has less bugs than a lot of open beta phase games.+ Fun to play, get repetitive after some time but not boring.+ Except a few trolls, the community is awesome.+ Constant updates and hotfixes.- Minor graphical bugs- Some balance issues between classes- Pet system needs some work- 4 towers per character constrain some tactical elements- As of now, the content game has falls a little short.I think i managed to summerize what you can expect from the game at this stage. Hope it helps :)TL;DRGame is solid, but falls short on content. If you are not sure about buying this and haven't played the DD1 before, I suggest you to wait for it to be released for free."
,Recommended,236110,15663730,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Bernard,"Great way to redeem their new game release. Just amazing how they were able to connect both artistic gameplay with the extremely satisfying touch of defending your victory. To me I truly believe that they have earned our support, not to mention they are still in alpha and the game is amazing."
76561198006158556,Recommended,236110,25759313,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Xornaar,"This game is fun, especially if you have friends to play it with. However, the developers misled a lot of people early with making us buy the game, then turning it to free to play. We still have to pay more to get all of the new stuff that they're still devolping.In short, try this game. It's worth it. Just don't pay a dime until you know for sure they're done adding things. No point sinking money in thinking you'll get it all, and then getting less than half of the released content."
76561198036155402,Recommended,236110,13859451,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,wyean,If you are coming from Dungeon Defenders be ready for a big change. I think its a very nice alpha build and If you are a true fan you will end up liking it.
,Recommended,236110,14486860,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Icy Bison,"As with any Early Access game, make sure it is a game you are okay with it being changed as development goes on. As it stands, the game plays very similar to the first, with some minor changes. So far it seems to be living up to the greatness that was Dungeon Defenders 1.Understand that because it is early access, I know a lot of my concerns with the game will be fixed, and I will update my review when that happens.Pros/Cons:+ The AI seems to be smarter, and more dificult than those in the first game.+ The ability to move your hero while in place/repair/upgrade defense mode is amazing.+ The Dual Mana system is also an awesome addition. You now have mana for abilities, and a separate mana for towers.+ The new defenses each hero has are either upgrades from the first game, or new all together, which is good.+ The ability to vote for the next addition into the game is an awesome early access feature, and should be done more often by developers.- The gear upgrade system is lacking, and confusing at first.- There has yet to be added a proper tutorial system for new features.- The small amount of maps gets old quite fast, and the game tends to get boring after a bit.- Costumes and pets are nowhere to be found, and is one of the things that made the first game a favorite.- The gear shops are barely useful, as the only reason I use them is to get junk gear to upgrade my current stuff.All in all, the game is damn good, and can only get better from here."
76561197969628949,Recommended,236110,13265060,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"A sequel to the wildly popular and unique Dungeon Defenders game that takes a different direction from its predecessor.(Note, I originally did not recomment this game, but after hours of playing, I have decided to recommend it.  I'll explain why below.)Pros- Personal loot drops make for a more relaxed game where you don't have to constantly keep your eyes out for drops you need (There's no more race to grab the good loot before other players and that is a great design call)- The classes have some really cool attacks and abilities making each feel unique- Changes to mana and loot selling have made things much easier, both for sorting through loot and for upgrading it- Seperation of mana for building and for personal powers was a great call- Easy group finding system gets you right into the action- Reputation system makes random players more inclined to be polite- Synergy system means you can make powerful tower combinations if you have a cooperative team of players.Cons- Can't play offline- Long lags between games.  Due to the fact that a game has no clear leader, everyone has to ready up for the game to progress between levels and after the games.  This doesn't sound too bad, but when people go afk or someone new isn't paying attention, it can end up being 2+ minutes to continue on- Solo, each classes tower set is lacking (I'll explain more about this below)- A lack of mana will prevent you from doing much during a combat round (at least at low level)- The win points and fun-factor strategies to this game aren't as obvious as they were in the original- Builder specs feel very nerfed thanks to the lack of mana (EDIT: Again, this is only when you don't try to work with the other player's towers)- Maps are a bit bland, there aren't as many strategic points where you can put towers to have them cover multiple lanes- Tower synergies are esential to effective play- Certain specs are almost completely useless right now- Gating low-level players means that you can't power level your buddies.  It also means that, if your buddies get too far ahead, you can't play with them unless you make a new character.- Certain monsters outrange your towers.  I'm not sure if this changes at high level, but at low level it's extremely frustrating.  It means that you'll be babysitting your towers instead of being able to place them in different spots and trust them to do their job.- Due to the fact that you have to babysit your tower clumps, you cannot solo most of the levels (At least as an apprentice)So I went back and started playing as the monk with a friend who was playing the huntress, and I quickly figured out a pretty devistating combo that made the game much more playable.  I also figured out that one of my mages towers, while not super impressive when combined with his original towers, was extremely effective when combined with one of the monk's auras.So it seems the devs are really pushing for cooperative gameplay in this one, the game almost feels more like WoW than it does Dungeon Defenders.  To be successful, each player must assume a certain role in their tower construction.  A group of apprentice towers isn't very effective, however an ice tower combined with an electric aura (monk) combined with a water geyser (hunter) is devastating.  The concept is fun when it works out, the big problem is that new players or stubborn players will often build whatever they want, effectively lowering your chances of success.  I feel like this sort of design choice needs to be combined with a matchmaking system that tries to put one of each class in a game together.  (Maybe this is already the design, I don't know, but I was often in games with several members of my own class.)The good news is, I did start having a lot of fun once I figured out how the devs expected me to play.  However, I had to do a lot of digging to find that answer.  The game needs to guide its new players better so they know what's needed for victory and don't just build whatever, therebye frustrating the other people who are trying to work as a team.Also, the game needs more towers and more tower synergies.  As of this review, there is one devastating tower/aura/trap combination and everything else is very meh.  Certain towers are very meh and pretty much un-needed.  This needs to be changed so that there are multiple metas (tower building combinations) showing up in the games instead of just 1 or 2.In closing, the game is fun but very different from the first Dungeon Defenders.  You'll have the most fun when playing with friends, and you may want to watch some videos on how to effectively use your towers depending on your class.* UpdateSo the game changes quite a bit at high level.  Once you get your gear established and start the process of farming, you pretty much only need one skilled builder (generally an apprentice or squire) to do the tower setup for the level.  To be honest, it is kind of grindy and not always fun.  And while finding new items to improve your stats can be fun, the actual gameplay isn't.  This may change once more maps are available and harder difficulties are provided.  I'm going to keep my recommendation for now as the game isn't bad and still has potential, but I'm really looking for some new kinds of juicy cooperative gameplay."
,Not Recommended,236110,24799726,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lord Whirlin,"The original Dungeon Defenders was likely one of the best executions of an integration between FPS and Tower Defense that the marketplace has seen.  I managed to clock a substantial quantity of hours into the original game, and it was an absolute blast to play.And then they started monetizing the game.  DLC became incredibly commonplace for addons.  New Heroes, new levels, new cosmetics, new character skins, anything they could think of.  They never directly monetized 'power', however, with the introduction of new levels with a higher level cap, it was an indirect way of power-capping new players.The other concern out of the implementation on the original Dungeon Defenders is that as new content got released, there was a substantial amount of Gear Inflation.  +500 to a given stat, which was godly at release, was trivial a few months later.  It had a much more MMO-esque grind to the game that drove their monetization strategy.Then we come to Dungeon Defenders 2.  When I look at this game, I realize that there were a lot of underlying engine upgrades, tons of texture updates, and they completely revamped multiple parts of the game... However, it's different enough from the original.  A lot of rehashed abilities, the same/familiar characters, etc.  The strength behind Dungeon Defenders 2 is that they have a better grasp of their monetization model going into it, and it's built that way from the ground up.The reason Dungeon Defenders 2 is so popular right now is because it's still at it's infancy.  But even incredibly early on in the process, it really appears to be taking the same path at the original game, but by 'resetting' everything, they're opening the door for more monetization opportunies.In my opinion, there hasn't been substantial innovation into this game to necessitate the high price tag, or recommend this game to anyone that has already enjoyed the original Dungeon Defenders.  It satisfies the same basic FPS-Tower Defense itch that can be scratched by cheaper alternatives in a more complete state.  This is much less a Dungeon Defenders 2, so much as it's a substantial overhaul of the original Dungeon Defenders."
,Not Recommended,236110,30251519,Posted: 28 February,all,Void,28/02/2017 update. RIP.
76561198030723419,Not Recommended,236110,13315313,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TunderUy,"i buy this game thinking it was like the first,but no, totally disappointed!, has no offline and dont have to play local multiplayer, if they are not going to solve it,i want my money back!."
,Recommended,236110,17271718,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bledixon 路西弗,Because of the newest Update (28.07) I can finally recommend the game!Pros- Nearlly as perfect as DD1- Beautiful Artstyle- Best Tower Defense Game you'll find- Balanced- Sh*tload of content with only 1 update- Devs care about the game- Fixed most FPS problems- 30$ ingame Money for early access- Many Accessory- Legendary Items with cool buffs- Epic looking WeaponsCons- No real Story (will change after release)- Sometimes still some FPS problems- Only Level 50 (will change too I guess)So what are you waiting for? Buy this game now!
,Recommended,236110,18394122,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kenshiki,"purchased the defender's pack when it was on sale i think never knowing that i can get this game for free (without those bonus from the packs)and now, i want to upgrade it to the collectors pack once it is on sale because i barely have any money but if i do, i would buy it in full price.at first i got bored (i think it was june) but now i play this everyday for at least 2-3 hours (sometimes 6-8 hrs if i dont check the time)since the ascension patch came, the game got pretty excited because they added attack stance/type and since i'm pretty much a solo player it became easier for me to run a whole map without much trouble"
,Recommended,236110,13336682,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hitbox820,This game has a lot of potential and for being in alpha there is a lot of content. I also like the way Trendy seems to being listening to the players. CANT WAIT FOR PETS!!for more check out my one minute reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeUjlFJalH8
,Recommended,236110,20123194,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bubby Cat,"6/10For those who have invested many many many hours into the first Dungeon Defenders, heed my warning. This game is very much worse than the first Dungeon Defenders. It just does not offer much in comparison but since it is free (open alpha), feel free to try it out yourself.I personally enjoyed this game a fair bit.This game was also very fun playing with friends and theory crafting strategies for beating maps we were having trouble on. Figuring out the most effective/efficient tower placements made it quite fun the first time around.After the initial 50 hours I started to grow quite boring and tedious to do anything and everything.The journey of getting your first max level character (level 50 at this point in time) is probably the most fun I've had in this game. Getting to max level and grinding out for the best gear you can and then replacing it instantly after climbing to the next Nightmare difficulty becomes less and less rewarding and feels like more of a chore.With everything I've said, this game is fairly fun for the first 30-50 hours.In that time you can:-Learn about the classes-You can reach max level on a character or two (or 3 if you're really diligent)-Learn about every mapF I N A L   V E R D I C TAll the maps are given to you and you can play them all before you ever reach max level.There is no real reward to reaching max level besides being able to start the Nightmare difficulties which are just a pain the butt and offer nothing new besides identitcal weapons with better overall stats.You get the feeling of ""Oh great now I get to grind the same maps but its even harder...woop dee friggin' doo""I give it a rating of 6/10 and I'm listing it as a positive review because I did indeed have a lot of fun. It just gets boring with the lack of variety in ""End Game"""
76561198017094063,Not Recommended,236110,17435784,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Flashpoint,"This is a load of crap. You want to try and tell me that this game costs $25, slap on an early access or pre-alpha tag and think you can get away with a fully functioning micro-transaction system? $50 micro transactions?! THATS NOT MICRO! YOUR FULL GAME DOES NOT COST THAT MUCH. Almost $10 for a single costume, and then more on top of that to unlock the alternate accessories? How about you guys actually focus on making and FINISHING the game instead of some cash shop items. Hell the $50 extra for the collectors edition upgrade is even more crap. 4 character skins, 4 tower skins (which aren't in the game yet) 10,000 in-game cash shop currency, and a title. You could spend that $50 and get DD1 with all of the DLC, or a 4 pack of DD1 and have even more fun with your friends.And for those of you saying ""Well this is just there way of gaining support to make the game better."" No, it's not. The collector's edition, maybe. Not this BS micro transaction crap. I already know where this is heading, there going to make the level cap high, and slow the leveling process to a halt halfway through. Then they start selling speed-ups, EXP, money, item droprate boosters. At the prices I'm already seeing I imangine they'll be $5 each, or a bundle pack for $10. Other games and other companies have pulled this same crap, and a lot of those were crucified by gamers. Just because they made a decent game once doesn't mean they should be immune to this.What happened to my character customization? Why can't I change my characters colors, put skill points into the towers and skills that I like the most? Because they monitized how your charcter looks and streamlined all forms of character building. Now you pick a character, name it, and that's all you get to do. Oh, but you get skill spheres. That's scool right? You get a total of 7 skill spheres: 3 small (stat boosters) 2 medium (tower/skill boosters), 1 large (tower/skill modifier), and 1 uber (huge boost to tower ability I guess). And that's it. That's all you get to do. There is no other form of customization, you don't get to level up skills or towers, you don't get to modify any of that crap. This is basic stuff that was in the first game. Why whould you take it away?Yeah, I get it, the game is pre-alpha (which is a BS excuse to ignore any problems people like me have considering how this game looks and plays) and a part of me really wants to like and enjoy it for what it is, but these terrible business practices will need to either change. I will not play this game ever again, and I will go back to playing DD1 as it is a more fun, enjoyable, and fulfilling experience, with or without friends. Do yourself a favor and go buy that. If you'll excuse I'm going to go put in for a refund now."
76561198058184779,Recommended,236110,14604773,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Evilchimp1982,Keeping in mind this is early release the game has great potential.At its current state you get to a point and just aren't able to get needed upgrades.Pros:- on-key for new players- follows a progressive map unlock system- fun to play- very easy to pickup the important concepts- depth of play is above averageCons:- horrible party match system (end up in the same game which shouldn't even be possible unless you select to join the same one)- lots of legendary drops but very few useful ones (less would be better if you get that 1 you need)
,Recommended,236110,17330902,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,herge,"Having tried DD1 for only a few hours, I felt like it was missing some things to catch my interest. DD2 has all those things.It seems like a lot of negative reviews fail to realise this is a Early-Access PRE-ALPHA release, not Alpha, not Beta, Pre-Alpha. Things are happening constantly and as of the latest update the game just doubled if not tripled in content.Helpful support, great devs who provide loads of insight into development and a mostly awesome community with great humour.Fully recommend giving it the support it deserves."
76561198059267069,Recommended,236110,27869948,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wroargh,I still find my way coming back to this game over and over again.
,Recommended,236110,14926639,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,AWuerth,If you are a fan of Dungeon Degenders get this game and show the Devs some love ... the game will be F2P for the uncertain but if you are a fan of tower defenses / loot games this one should be on your list.  Worth the 20 dollars for early acess and to help the devs out. You will also get in store credit and items for paying now.
,Recommended,236110,17406269,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,mesmermized,"A Pre-Alpha that has more content than 90% of the full release games I've played in the last five years. My only fear is that they will oversaturate it with increasingly impossible difficulty levels and push players to exploit and cheat like in DD1. So far, the future looks bright. Now please play with me..."
,Recommended,236110,17469752,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Quackasuar,"great game its just great, amaing, legendary!"
,Recommended,236110,16634779,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Salting,"The game is in Pre-Alpha, but it is great already. It is really well done. I love the cartoony artwork especially. It is amazing visually, and I can see myself sinking so many more hours into this game. The amount of fun in hours you get for the small price for this game is well worth it... Pick this one up asap, one of the better games I have played in a long time!"
76561198057147079,Recommended,236110,17149847,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SilverHiga,Me like this game.
,Recommended,236110,16205084,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Beefie csgo-gambler.com,SEJT spil
76561198146372729,Recommended,236110,17406214,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cpt.Mike,with the right ppl  lots of  pwning and  fun  :D
76561198128799064,Recommended,236110,17145009,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,EitherGuard,"This is a amazing game, I have spent countless hours playing and enjoying it! There is no grind! Just hours of awesome loot and spending times with friends!"
,Recommended,236110,25252072,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZER0,"Best tower defence game ive played. So fun and really adictive, however if you really want to play this its best to play with friends because its impossible to play alone. if you like to play tower defence games alone this really isnt the game you you because when you join lobbys everyone has a different idea so the map is a mess. All in all a really good game that has more features than any tower defence game ive played. 9/10Now its been a while since i last played it, it kind of died off for me so i'd give it a 7/10"
76561198009199933,Recommended,236110,26904137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enrg Bar,"Love the amount of characters, and how many strategies u can come up with to beat a lvl. i can play this game for hours and not get bored."
,Recommended,236110,27262582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JayP uncensored,"After quite a lot of time with DD2, the most important item of conversation I think should surround every review of this game is simple: Developers that listen to their players and act on it.I've been playing DD2 since closed beta early access, on and off. I'll go a few weekends playing almost non-stop, come back a 3 months later and the game is the same but different. It's always better. Little things here and there, big changes every once in a while, but always getting more polish, always getting better.That's what matters to me. They know exactly what kind of game they wanted to make and they made it, but they're open to player opinions and requests. Obviously they won't change everything based on what one person says, but if enough people share an opinion they make the change. That's really cool and is what keeps me coming back."
76561198091144058,Not Recommended,236110,29659393,Posted: 2 February,all,Sus-AF,Was a great game. Then some how they broke controller support despite them working perfectly fine pre-beta. Now it's just an unplayable mess of colors taking up space on my computer due to false hope. The saddest part is: all they need to do is make r3 mappable and make the jump and select seperately mapped instead of using the same key. It causes one or the other to take priority leaving the other function inaccessible.
,Recommended,236110,32748329,Posted: 24 June,all,Mattbogdinho | Gamdom.com,This game is veri good. I play this a lot and speno mucho money.
,Recommended,236110,22682731,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Fonyo,"Not as fun as the first but a decent game at least, worth a try"
,Recommended,236110,32924349,Posted: 28 June,all,Jacob,"Ive played this game for 300+ hours and ive enjoyed every minute playing it. Ive been playing this game on and off since the beta and its great. I'm not to keen on the current updates that add shards and accension, But thats only because i havnt played the current updates as much! But im thinking i might delete all my hero's and start from the bottom again!Other than that this game is amazing, Be warned though its easy to spend real money in game, On new skins!!"
,Recommended,236110,18478173,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Weabooboo,9/11 Bought the game. Wanted to play it once i got a better computer. Now free to play and i still haven't gotten a new computer.
,Recommended,236110,16901469,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,aPitty ツ,"This game is so awesome,especially when you can clear incursion stages!"
,Not Recommended,236110,16893809,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,SJ,shitest servers wtf lag crashes and crazy loading screens no thanks after a long♥♥♥♥♥♥alpha this is relaese no thanks trails are a complete joke make thje game not even a tower D it all grinding paragon level to even do cahos 6 and 7♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIUT♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,236110,24571041,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zalla,I feel betrayed. As a fan of the series I paid for this game and they asks me for way more to buy power for my char.Pay to play.Still playing the first one.
76561198051594515,Not Recommended,236110,24963430,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,KoV,Dont bother playing this till they fix the loot system picking up stuff
,Not Recommended,236110,24142938,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MarcBomber,"DD2 is a very bad game, compared to DD1. I bought the collectors and only got frustrated..."
76561198026574949,Not Recommended,236110,24197689,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,|RAZ|,"I have changed my review from a meh yes to a no due to lack of faith in the products future.Trendy, hot tip. Fix the core game before you make more content. It only gets harder and harder to go back and make the core good the more you stack a bunch of stuff on top of it. I keep returning to find more and more stuff, but it keeps feeling of lesser and lesser quality.This means tuning controls, menus, hub worlds, visual design choices...This means returning to DD1 and finding what was so fun about that game and infusing DD2 with it.This means adding controller support and splitscreen.And this means doing this BEFORE adding a bunch of levels and characters. Go back, look at the core. Fix it, then return to adding new stuff with the lessons learned from fixing the stuff you started with.I have returned to try out this game on MULTIPLE occasions hoping it had found its stride. I have been disappointed every time. I want this game to be good, it can be good. Everything is there to make it good, but its not good. Still no Controller support, the menu's look worse than they did before. The town is still huge for no reason. I don't want to buy anything because I don't have faith in the product. Give me the faith back, dig deep and find what made DD1 great and contrast it with what made Eterny-whatever suck. Pull it out, get it together, and then kill it. I want you to succeed. I want to play that game. I will come back and look at it and hopefully change my review to a resounding thumbs up. I have been waiting to throw a bunch of money at this game since it was announced."
,Recommended,236110,17488323,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,grumpy',"8/10So far, so good. Great gameplay, extremely rare to come across bugs. Very nice and helpful community both in the game and on the forums. I'm guessing the old generation plays these kinds of games, I rarely meet any kids.Everything runs extremely smoothly with graphics and whatnot, I would however wish they made it harder to level in the future, and do the drops for rare loot even more rare, it's easy to get good gear atm, or at least that's how I feel.Easily worth the price, even with the low game-time I have. Would buy again."
,Not Recommended,236110,32349955,Posted: 11 June,all,MrMystery,"Pre-Release:Ruined a good game, and can't even get local co-op, for shame. Play DD1 instead.After Release:I thought I'd add my futher impressions after launch, see if they've changed.What I've learned in starting a new character in LIVE.1) Certain maps have dead zones, where you cannot place towers, even though the game shows them valid, it just doesn't work, because they coded it poorly and in another version of that map, something special happens there, so you're not allowed to place a tower there in this completely unrelated mode... NICE JOB! No clues, you just mindlessly keep trying to place a valid tower and nothing happens. Huge bug.2) Welp, you can't even play sometimes, you hit Play or Private Tavern, wait 2 minutes, get a ""Request Timeout"" .. okay, try again, try again... nothing... You'd think they'd add a friggin ""queue"" for players to join, but nope, you have to apparently just ""keep trying"" until you're allowed to play a game... sucks I actually backed this and paid money for this crappy game.3) Support seems non-existent, too busy trying to figure out how to add more monetizing options, versus fixing huge problems that are driving players away. I guess if they can add new players faster than the ones leave, they don't give a crap."
76561198017650546,Recommended,236110,18231482,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Neil,I like it
76561197967318885,Recommended,236110,18315994,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,action9000,Alright. I was concerned at first but this game has really started pulling itself together in recent months.I am honestly stoked to play this game some more and to see what future patches have in store. Good stuff!
76561198135527651,Recommended,236110,18376040,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Oliverjohn2001,its good but i think you guys need to port it over to mac computers.
,Recommended,236110,18329070,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jash,"great tower defence with team base game (""team base"") ""pass me all your mana"" ""sell all your♥♥♥♥♥♥"" ""GIVE ME ALL YOUR MANA!"" 10/10 game wow sugoi"
76561198157778276,Recommended,236110,17300865,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Monkfudoo,This game is really fun. It brings a new twist to tower defense games. It is in early stages yet so be ready for some bumps along the way. If you have played tower defense games in the past this is refreshing.  Still in the early parts of the game myself but i am hooked on playing.
76561198015601799,Recommended,236110,18256694,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,BoxTroll,"Awesome so far, leveling up is moderate rate I am only 25 at the moment to be pleasantly happy with the game."
76561198074160487,Recommended,236110,18474961,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Drewsephy,Very fun and promising game!
76561198139301479,Recommended,236110,13527722,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Axel023,I've played Dungeon Defenders few years back and now those kids grown up like me.+ Good strategy and beautiful maps+ Many equipments for different classes+ Restockable shops+ Upgradable itemsBrings back memories of DD1.8/10
,Recommended,236110,29436017,Posted: 22 January,all,Chii,"I really do enjoy this game and I think it's a quirky fusion of RPG and tower defense. Is it better than Sanctum 2? Are you kidding me, Sanctum 2 is amazing and it's the game that pulled me into tower defense fusion and DD2 doesn't have what it takes to rival it. For now. Does it have potential? Yes. Here are some of the things I think can be looked into.- Rubberbanding: it's extremely infuriating to navigate around maps where you can fall off and it's so easy to die when rubberbands exist.- Unclear boss location: It would be beneficial to highlight where the boss mob(s) is/are going to appear from and perhaps apply different colour on the minimap. It's easy to lose the red symbol of the boss in the middle of trash mobs.- Tower range: Add a feature so that you can see on the minimap the range that each tower has- Build view assistance: Perhaps add a keybind for birds-eye view during build phase?- Characters: Add personality to the characters, maybe some quirky dialogues or banter between the characters present- Taunt/emote: Nuff said"
76561197970861138,Recommended,236110,18487696,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[CGF]Fozzie,"So I have put a few hours into this is most of its iterations as it has gone through wipes, resets and rerolls. The main thing is it is going in the right direction. It's still Alpha and there are still a boat load of bugs, but there is a huge amount of great stuff.Since i did my review the Trials update has come and whilst it was a challenge to get to end game again i have managed it.The shard system is a vast improvement over the old passives and spheres method, and Trendy were right to go this way before release. Loads of great maps to play as you work your way through camapign into Chaos. If you go by Sell values as your test of if loot is better you'll progress faster.I took my time, and got the shards I needed as I went.Give the game a try, work through the whoe campaign before trying to go into Chaos, there are no shortcuts."
,Recommended,236110,15959509,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,A Small Birch,There is more polish and care in the construction of this than most other games on release. And its in pre-alpha. Now all the game needs is bug fixing. And more content.
76561198095195398,Recommended,236110,16107076,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MustacheMan,Pretty Solid/10 Game for it being in Alpha.
,Recommended,236110,18469835,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,mr_pain02,"Hallo liebes Trendyentertainment team. Ich hoffe sie lesen dies, denn ich habe ein technisches problem mit dem Spiel. Immer wenn ich es starten will steht dort das ein unbekannter fehler aufgetreten ist. Es wurde auch ein link angezeigt wo in schritten geschrieben wurde wie man den fehler beheben kann aber das funktionierte nicht. Ich habe für das spiel geld bezahlt und es ist ein hervorragendes spiel, deswegen würde ich mich sehr freuen über eine hilfreiche antwort!! Mfg mr_pain16"
,Recommended,236110,14991824,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,That Odyssey HYPE tho!,"Dungeon Defenders II is one of the best video games I have ever played! It is a strategy, tower defense, and action game alll in one! The first one was a bit better, but this one has better online play and abilities, and it levels up for you! It even has an online tavern! This game is definitely recommended for everyone!"
,Not Recommended,236110,32881721,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazy_Demonking,I cannot recomend a game that cannot be played. Hopefully the servers are fixed soon otherwise this game is dead.
,Not Recommended,236110,23872594,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheSmellyFist,No local co op still.
,Not Recommended,236110,23844575,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,graves138,"Decent sequel to the original, which I absolutely loved, but everything is behind an endless grind wall designed to get you to spend money. This game would be much better off without the FTP model, as it really ruins a lot of the enjoyment. The two additional heroes are priced at $100, which is absolutely ridiculous. While the original had a lot of DLC, it wasn't so insanely expensive, and the base game wasn't designed to bore you into spending more money. In my opinion, this game suffers quite a lot by the switch to free-to-play, and I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,236110,24140769,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,drane92,"damnit dd2 why.so when this first came out i really liked it i even bought the pack to get into early access but now jesus where do i start.cons.ridiculous amount of farming for a new character also the currency used to buy the character itself is also used to buy the characters ability orbs. im fine with f2p farming but this is a bit much.enemies are currently weak ... if you use the unlock characters, they are going to buff both the base 4 characters and monsters but that seems a bit away at this point.locked playstyles so anyone remember the bonus you got in dd1 for letting defenses do everything? ya even if that were in game it would be impossible... without abyss lord because he has the range to counter an enemy whos entire point is to be dealt with by playerspets are now ... meh at best RIP kobold on treadmill we knew thee well.so heres the good stuff.DEMOCRACY REIGNS, basically just by opening dd2 you get a point that you can use to vote on what thing you want next it could be a map new characters or it could be various other things i like this system a lot it does have some wierd things in how it works. (though i dont want barbarian i do feel sorry for those who do want him)actually starting to shape into something nice at this point its going away from the ""you must have all heroes on your team even solo to be able to win later on"" and going back to very powerfull heroes that can work together which i like.secondary part to the above new heroes look to be doing some pretty interesting things all around i can only hope the base 4 get to be just as cool when they get buffedfarming up levels on new characters is really easy now so you can powerlevel to your hearts contentoverall right now the game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥show with several things transitioning i really want it to be good but right now it just isnt sadly"
76561198133044708,Not Recommended,236110,32838269,Posted: 26 June,all,Samuraiworrior111,Always crashes after Trendy Logo and intro video.
,Not Recommended,236110,31558471,Posted: 5 May,all,Zephyr Demyx,"was fun but now is trashyears have passed since i played this game and i went to the player charts that steam so happily throws online. Well seeing the player base go from 18k peek on that day it went free it has never seen player base past 5k. Sad to say but even black desert , when thrown on steam after many years of being out, you see people logging in with player base of 28k . and some are just in there to stay"
76561198120327225,Recommended,236110,26731715,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GagStrategists,"Amazing game! I bought the game back when it was in Pre-Alpha and i'm immensely proud of its improvement since then. There are a few bugs here and there, but regardless its still a incredibly fun experience and just hard enough to get the ol' brain thinking about strategies that you and your friends could pull off! ""You put your tower there and stand guard on this lane!"" ""Give me an aura here and protect the crystal!"" Those are just some of the strategic conversations that I expect in this game with friends. I can't wait to livestream this game on twitch too!!!"
,Not Recommended,236110,26737026,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Solo Carry God,Bug Defenders II
,Recommended,236110,27174408,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,perizada,hours of fun..
76561198004790399,Not Recommended,236110,34580778,Posted: 29 August,all,SeMeK,"Well, what to say about that game. Retried it after 1 to 2 years after it's release in june 20. What a deception, not in the content of the game nor in the gameplay but just about the CONNECTION. When you have first passed the launcher, you get to connect to the Playverse. I don't know what connection you have, but mine is pretty normal, meaning that each time i connect myself in the game, i get a full 20-30 sec of connection time to the playverse, wich is as annoying as advertises on Youtube. A second point is that i can connect to a game created by friends trough Steam, but sometimes, it doesn't work, the game saying i timed out. Then when i retry to reconnect to my friend's game, the game says i'm already in it. I'm litteraly in a bug-ception. That force me to relaunch the game (30 seconds of waiting), to rehave the same bug ! As i am a man of patience, i retry 1-2 times to have, again, the same results. I even have the problem as to when i'm in a game with friends/people, the party request take minutes to come and even when we try to leave, sometimes i get kicked out thanks to those problems. The only place who's sometimes safe for me is my private tavern, wich is from time to time locked to me as i can't connect to it, error 0000 founded. All in all, a pretty good game, just annoying as hell as i have and maybe you have those♥♥♥♥♥♥problems of connection to the servers of the game whereas my connection is completely fine."
,Recommended,236110,18466351,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,nɒƧɒɔɔɘЯ,Fun to play with others!
76561198081480064,Recommended,236110,18472473,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SaltySponge,gooday fellas love the game always have and i say its free give it a go would ya rhys
,Recommended,236110,18272732,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Tally,Nice meme.
,Not Recommended,236110,31891176,Posted: 21 May,all,ShinyMyrddyn,"There is a saying that goes ""if you don't change your direction, you'll end up exactly where you're going"" I think that pretty much explains what Trendy is doing with this game.I originally bought this game because I thought it had a lot of potential, but everything I liked about it is lost. I think we can all agree that it seems to be heading towards the Pay to Win path, and becomes extremely boring after you complete the main story, being mostly about grinding all the time.The worst thing? Read the reviews, the recent reviews, do you think Trendy is reading any of them? They only see what they want to see, and if you say anything they don't like to them, they will ignore you and delete your comment (if they can).Play this game for a couple of hours with friends until you beat the main story and then forget about it"
,Not Recommended,236110,31927233,Posted: 23 May,all,Gravy,Ugh is all I can say. It's like they took the best parts of the first game and decided to strip those so they could monetize. I wish I could get my money back for buying in early like an idiot.
76561198049957238,Recommended,236110,17292440,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Nightmare Marine(Ghost),"this is one of the best game seriers ever  one of the best tower defense games, fighting along side your towers 4 heros to chose from apperance changeing on your hero and towers, being able to team up with 3 others to beable to fight horeds of eneimes or play it solo"
76561197994240469,Recommended,236110,17369807,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Rui.Ramos,very good game just needs some more objectives
76561198208554853,Recommended,236110,17329078,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ezreal,"I really enjoyed this game, so much fun. I would recomend it to anyone who like tower defence games."
,Recommended,236110,17284273,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Molly,"10/10 BOYS! Lots of content + reminds me of 2010 when I was a wee lad.HOW DO I EVEN EDIT THIS, EPICFIYAH LOVES THIS REVIEW@!"
76561198008596601,Recommended,236110,17358284,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kimmy Jong,So smooth for early access. A definite improvement on the first one.
,Not Recommended,236110,30967622,Posted: 5 April,all,nondual,"Do Not BuyI enjoyed Diablo 2. This is like Diablo 3, but I'm wanting Path of Exile.Everything I enjoyed about DD1 has been removed, and it's been made f2p when I paid money for it? Horrible developers.Do Not Buy"
,Recommended,236110,29809520,Posted: 9 February,all,MegaGame,getting better and better
76561197977641334,Not Recommended,236110,24255706,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tumbler,The NON-F-2-P BS.The fact that the game has REGRESSED.*** I bought into the early access. ***S M H
76561198035847990,Recommended,236110,24391830,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Me_No_Like,A great low key relaxing game best played with friends!
76561198353811337,Recommended,236110,29826556,Posted: 10 February,all,GigaRekter,awesome game
76561198139166312,Not Recommended,236110,24009997,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,crazybee919,20 $ for 2300 gems to buy one  OP hero or 50$ to unlock 2 OP heros with skins....
,Not Recommended,236110,30300945,Posted: 3 March,all,ATTAC,"I feel that the developers really do care about this game and that they work really hard to make it good,but they can't design a game for♥♥♥♥♥♥I paid for this game pre-alpha because I loved the first dungeon defenders and I did everything that I could do in the game at that time (like 4 hours of content). I've come back after every major update but I keep getting dissapointed. They've changed loot and progression a few times, but it's arguably at its worst now.There are even more problemsBad netcode, always online, servers keep timing out, confusing item and character progression, annoying controls, boring characters and more.Wait until its finished, and don't buy early access games."
76561198072636571,Recommended,236110,18105645,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SillyVirus,"such an amazing game, just the first one im already addicted. cant wait to see what the future hold for DD 2 :D"
,Recommended,236110,17298619,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,NinjaBreadMon,"Lets try to make this quick. I have played DD but not DDE.This review is also written from Pre-Alpha. (7-30-2015, [m-dd-yyyy])Also I have only play Monk lvl 25 and Apprentice (Mage) lvl 15~Pros:+Great gameplay, smooth and good flowing combat feel+Matchmaking better than it was in DD1+Funny story line, Most NPCs even though 1 liners right now I already feel like they have some sort of tale to tell+Loot loot loot. (sometimes too much?)+Keeps the cartoon style of DD1 but slim and tall instead of short and stalkyBias+ I enjoy the pet system of having to hatch your pet from an egg, feels more of a pet than equipmentCons:-Still early access ofc-Premium currency? even if it isn't P2W so far (It is looking like $1 = 100 runes and cheapest skins are 400, 800, and 1600 runes so skins are not extremely expensive and a nice way to support the devs)-Once you get about the last 5 campaign lvls its hard to find people playing them in MM-You have to finish campaign before dailies/monthly (this is only con because its hard to find people for last 5 missions)Conclusion:Buy this game if you're interested and have the money. If it is on sale just buy it you'll enjoy at least a few hrs of play.This game is still in Pre-Alpha which for most games out there it looks pretty much done. For full price of $24.99 It is worth the 11hrs I've played so far. (The week I write this it is on mid-week madness sale of $15) The only bugs I've really had to deal with in my hrs of play is the Drakins will get stuck on small senery and they update almost every time I want to play :PEdit: After about 20-30 minutes of posting this review I had a DEV! comment. A++ they're asking players how the game is and getting our feedback to know how to make it better. I can no longer recomend this game more now. If you enjoy any kinds of games that are cartoony and/or dungeony and/or deffending Buy this game."
76561198352168075,Not Recommended,236110,29410087,Posted: 21 January,all,lobotech,"I don't recommend the game at the moment.1: The game have NO end game content.2: The game is VERY easy.3: You can do the end game content after the first week solo and there is no point to grind since you beat the game with trash gear. I mean what the point to grind if you already beats the NW4 mode without any challenge ? Personal challenge ?4. DPS Character can do Million damage, litteraly deleting every boss in few second.5. If you  play a couple hours per days and wanna do some casual strategie then this game is recommended for you.6. If you have a active player looking for challenge and content, don't play this game.7. The game have potentiel but right now the difficulty is a jokem the defence and the DPS is way to strong for the content.8. Sorry for my english. Still learning."
,Not Recommended,236110,26625400,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ShadowDeso,You guys are really turning this into a p2w game like i played the closed alpha or beta whatever it was and it wasn't too bad but now you're just releasing a bunch of mediocre skins and heroes that cost 10$ or hours of grinding.
,Not Recommended,236110,30262671,Posted: 1 March,all,𝕄 𝕀 𝔸,"The update on 28/02/2017 basically killed the way I liked to play the game.They removed the uniqueness from having characters built in a specific way, IE Builders, Fighters, Buffers.The passives were all removed from weapons with a replacement system called shards that socket into the gear pieces, sadly there is no list of shards and no information given about being able to return some of the effects that they gear pieces originally had removing even another layer of uniqueness from the game.The game now feels very bland."
,Recommended,236110,18307111,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Coach Ryuu,"Stellar sequall do the series, abit long to get the ball rolling on the updates and features, but definetelly has potential to be better than the first game! :) I love it!"
76561198012147861,Recommended,236110,18362333,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Stardust,"It's a very fun game so far! It's still in developement, but it's still definitely playable and TONS of fun to be had! If you like DD1, you'll love DD2 so far, and where it's going."
,Not Recommended,236110,23320536,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jaxk,"warning to all AMD graphics card users, this game is ♥♥♥♥ed for you dont waste your cash"
,Not Recommended,236110,30274486,Posted: 2 March,all,Derp Diggler,"As you can see I have quite a few hours in this game so I can tell you that this WAS a great Tower Defense game prior to the new update.  As of 2/28/2017 and beyond the ""Trials"" update has now turned this game into complete and utter trash.  The normalization of gear, removal of unique stats from class specific gear, addition of runes to enhance gear, stat squish and ascension system have ruined everything that was fun about this game.  It is now no longer a Tower Defense game but has shifted into an action RPG with a few towers to help you a ""little bit"", because that is literally how much damage your towers do now.  All of the unique aspects of the classes are pretty much gone since they removed the unique abilities and character enhancements from the gear with this update.  Until this is reverted I will not be putting any more time into this game.  I personally recommend playing Dungeon Defenders 1 now if you want to play a very fun Tower Defense game with a dedicated base of players.I've played this game since DD1 and supported this game since day 1.  The current changes to the game derailed the entire focus of Tower Defense and made it more of an action game which relies more on your character than your Towers as defense.  It also normalized all gear so that all the hundreds of hours of farming that we did to get special weapons etc which gave characters special abilites or enhanced abilities in ways that we had worked towards are now trash and just like any other pieces of gear.  Shards was a terrible idea and even after all of the money that I've put into this game to support it I will not be putting another penny into it until they revert the trash parts of this update and find a better way to do things.  We didn't even get a community vote for this trash like we usually do, it was just thrown onto us without anyone having any kind of input on it whatsoever.  The company doesn't HAVE to have a community vote, no....  BUT Trendy has always done it in the past to avoid making terrible mistakes such as the ones that they did with this update, pure garbage."
76561198005459518,Not Recommended,236110,30272410,Posted: 1 March,all,Zetsubo,"Stopped playing this game before terraria update, the current update made me want to come back and check things out and like a lot of people I didn't read the patch notes about gear being changed to all hero type gear except for relics being tower gear.Honestly that doesn't bother me that much and them changing the meta was fine with me. Before the update I was one of those people who did use the pdt and serenity build and if I had to create a whole new build for this update I was absolutely fine with that but as of right now I wouldn't say the game is unplayable but I just don't feel that sense of progression or feel like im getting anywhere even though I had some ipwr 750 gear pre-update. My biggest gripe with the game currently is with offensive towers where they at this point really can't kill anything on even chaos 1 and in order to kill most enemies I have to dps them down with a hero. Now I am generally a solo player so me having to dps is normal anyway I rarely afk in my own game so having a dps is fine but as of right now with the offensive towers being as they are to where I am legitimately doing most the work is wrong for a tower defense game.One major gripe is defense range, I'm not saying that they should roll back to the defense range it was before the update but this currently needs to be looked at because this update was suppose to make it where any dps hero can also be a builder but with offensive towers being how they are this doesn't seem viable. Although there some towers that will work it like the AL ram tower and apprentice firethrower tower and couple other ones it feels like unless you use these towers or have the heroes other then the original four your out of luck.Another thing is the inventory currenlty needs to be reworked since right now it is too clunky and messy this isn't too much of problem though in honestly since they do have a search but still needs to be looked at.As of right now I will still play but not as much as before and right now I can't recommend this game until they rebalance offensive towers and fix up the inventory UI.Contiuation after Patch 19.2:So before this hotfix I was able to clear c3 decently while dpsing solo with my gunwitch and using dryad world tree and nimbus, huntress pdt for anti air, and abyss lord ramsters. After this patch though they have made things worst and not what everything was wanting which was to make the other towers more viable again.Instead of getting tower buffs for the towers not being used we get a cost to upgrade nerf to the world tree, severe damage nerf to the nimbus and the standing near tower DP shard nerf, damage of PDT is even nerfed more with crit chance reduced. Also the emp orc they made it even worse seemingly increasing its emp range and making ti stun on every attack now.So now in terms of offensive tower the only viable towers seemingly are the ramster or the flamethrower, for blockade at this point I would say either use which ever you can get to highest HP and upgrade quick. In terms of anti air I don't even know because I was using PDT as my anti air but now you might have to switch to skyguard which has a pretty low attack range and that is with a good bit of range points in Ascension.So sum up this hotfix all it did was just nerf some viable towers even more and buff enemies. At this point I don't believe they are even listening to the community or even really addressing the feedback from the community. I was one of those that was hoping for better changes but with this update I have lost hope in what they believe are fixes and balances to their game.So based upon this hotfix I still will not recommend the game still unless towers become more viable and the only time I will spend on this game currently if at all is only on doing the medal daily or weekly only."
,Recommended,236110,29852883,Posted: 11 February,all,Gilgamesh,"I will be writing this post from the point of view of a player that has never played Dungeon Defenders I.This game is pretty much Sanctum meets Diablo and Borderlands.It is a pretty looking FPS (first person shooter) set in a tower defense game. The game itself is mainly centered around loot. Getting weapons, armor and pets which upgrade your hero(es).Pros:•	Pretty looking visuals.•	Fun loot system (rarities, traits, certain map/mission bound loot).•	Great co-op play with friends or random other players.Cons:•	Lack of/bad difficulty scaling. It will be impossible to beat a difficulty higher than hard with a low level character as it does not scale with your level but instead is set to level 50.•	Bugs. Lots and lots of bugs. For example: People joining private lobby sessions, loot being sent to bags which have autoloot disabled and many more.•	No support for Borderless Windowed mode (alt tabbing is a pain and might get your cursor stuck).•	“Early access” after two years of release. Feels like an excuse to not do/delay bugfixes.•	Pricing of “DLC” and currency. While the game is free to play, I would consider paying 20 Euros for some stuff. However that would be able to get me a single character. In order to buy all “year 1” characters I would have to pay 60 Euros, the price of an AAA game title. As long as the prices stay this way I will not make a single purchase.•	Currently unobtainable currency locks skills in certain stores.•	Very slow free to play progression for additional heroes. Your first 10K medals costing hero can be bought in about a week due to campaign rewards. After that you will be getting like 300 medals a day for daily quests on average while heroes still cost 10K medals.•	Goblin Siege Rollers.While this game has issues, lots of them, I will still be giving it a thumbs up because I simply enjoy the (free to play) gameplay, and that is the most important thing about a game."
,Not Recommended,236110,28648933,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pm79080,"GNU/Linux!Only support for peasant operating systems. This is 2016, learn to correctly engineer software and simultaneously build cross-platform applications. Children can do it and you call yourself ""professionals""?"
,Not Recommended,236110,20313855,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kekenai,they stole my mony #feggets
76561198049916372,Not Recommended,236110,24341514,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SS663,"They took the core concepts of DD1 that made that game good, and ♥♥♥♥ed them.New characters cost $20."
,Not Recommended,236110,24170033,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cave Spider,"Too much money grabbing, would rather the old 2-3 dollar transactions than the constaint high priced crap they are throwing out now"
76561198057941382,Not Recommended,236110,29922081,Posted: 14 February,all,Romvindicate,While I was very excited about this game when it first became availible. I Played and enjoyed the game quite a bit. However the constant add on and change of mechanics and gear has turned the game south. If i had to say 1 thing turned me away is the wait for OVER A YEAR on split screen co-op on pc. Devs say it is comming but we have yet to see it. In the meantime though they have managed to further progress the game by developing new endgame and characters. But why trendy would you CREATE the same game for xbox and ps4 with split screen co op as a basic feature and not give it to us on PC.  IMO you have shown at least me you do not care for your PC playerbase and not only will not give them things that console gets even though we are the original platform developed for. No split screen co-op means time to give up on this franchise.
,Not Recommended,236110,20630262,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,KneezMz,"♥♥♥♥♥ velho, gastei dinheiro para o jogo ficar de graça? E aí steam? vai fazer o que???"
,Recommended,236110,29596292,Posted: 30 January,all,Zartarious,fun to play with all your friends and meets all you and your friends needs from stratagy tower defense to hack and slash.
76561198041828539,Recommended,236110,16622514,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,VestigiaL,"As a huge fan of Dungeon Defenders 1 and having spent many hours looking around and impatiently waiting for Dungeon Defenders 2, I finally decided to buy it and see what is going on with this game.I was way more impressed than I expected myself to be. The game even though in alpha stages with not an enormous amount of content, I'm having tons of fun so far. If you've played DD1, then most things are similar. If you haven't, you should totally give this game a try if you're into RPG, Tower Defense type of games.I can't wait for more content, up so far there are a few maps + many weapons and pets and armors.Since this is still Alpha stage I can't say too much, but up so far the game is totally worth it, especially if you liked DD1.PS: As of the new ""Loot and Survive"" update there has been a complete wipe. I got extremely frustrated with this, but as long as new content is added I'm not gonna keep a grunge to the developers. I hate losing my progress but oh well it is for a good cause. Hopefully no more wipes though, pretty please."
76561197972361803,Not Recommended,236110,31924694,Posted: 23 May,all,Copennhagen,"First off I am deeply saddened to write this review. I have 834 hours in DD1, obviously I loved the game. I had such high hopes for DD2, I have been a defense council member since the second round. I have put in 70 hours now and I can honestly say wtf have you done to Dungeon Defenders. Trendy you had, hands down, the best tower defense game ever made and now you have DD2 the F2P money hungry machine. Now don’t get me wrong you can earn everything in this game except for costumes which is a huge disappointment, but 10,000 map points or $15.00 for a character unlock, 500 map points or $5.00 for shards which are required for a tower build. Just no, no Trendy, shame on you."
,Recommended,236110,14807476,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,yokkigr,this is so addictive that it hurts. can't wait for next content update. devs look like they will do a proper job of keeping this f2p when it goes live but i will wait and see until that happens. so far it is so much fun playing coop with friends that i can not not recommend this.
76561198014277463,Recommended,236110,18395768,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,02ᵐᵃʸᵒ,yep!this game chews up hours in no timenice mix of action and strategy
76561198041685491,Recommended,236110,18258729,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,insainlewey,(Release Controoler Support)I didnt think they could top DD1 but they did. (Release Controoler Support)Once they release controller support I wont leave the house for a week :0)(Release Controoler Support)
,Recommended,236110,18457950,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,tastyjerk|TNS,"Excellent start to the sequel of a fun co-op game, and now its free to play! May as well give it a try."
76561198012686903,Not Recommended,236110,33464380,Posted: 11 July,all,Rathkantor,"I tried to play this game but it makes it really hard to enjoy by its extremly annoying Item grind and constant repeating missions that give no diversity what so ever. Every mission is the same while you build your defence the same as you progress with only slight adjustments depending which shard you newly discovered to make a previous obsolete defence viable again to discover it is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ The worst part is the majority of the matches are being won by overpowered Players who can solo the map while you're sitting in a corner either being afk or watching the show from a distance.Other gamers hardly get the chance to ever place their own defences, more so their encouragement to do so is being destroyed by potentially failing the mission and being flamed by others who are actually worse then you. The community in this game is terrible at best and mostly fail to even remotly explain to you why a beginner shouldn't be on Chaos 5 or higher. They mostly leave you dumbfounded in a corner leaving the mission.In addition this game has his fair share of bugs that lets you desperate in many situations. Defence not attacking the enemies, unexplained instant deaths, abilities not working properly or even bugging.I would love to recommend this game but with all its flaws this game has, it is yet far away what Dungeon Defenders 1 was. And yet it has a great potential but i fear it will take another year until it has reached that potential half way. Up till then i would not recommend this game.For those that still want this game you will have your fair share of gaming hours that you enjoy until you reach the endless grinding phase when you start to feel bored of its infinite repeating boredom."
,Not Recommended,236110,25958907,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SmoothCrimnl,"I played DD1 and loved every second of playing.  I was extremely excited about DD2 but when it came out as a MOBA, it bombed royally!  I was extremely disappointed with this and even paid money to support their plans to change it back into its original gameplay.  Instead of redoing the game, it appears they kept some coding and left a bit of a MOBA game play.Here are my issues with the game.1. Time - It’s been years and this game is still in alpha/Beta testing.  Extremely disappoint considering how much time it’s been.2. Price for heroes - The price for heroes jumped from $2-$5 to $99!!!!!  What were you thinking?3. Maps - The maps are just wonky to say the least.  A whole wide hallway and one blockade in the center can stop them?4. Towers - Some hero towers are either underpowered (mage) or overpowered (Lava mancer).  One Volcano can hit an entire map from the center of the playing field.  What’s the point?5. Gear - Your gears IPwr is off.  One level 50 green with less stats have higher IPwr levels than a level 50 Mythical with more stats.  This makes no sense.6. Heroes - You limit the heroes to four unless you pay more money.  Not even LOL, Warcraft, Clash of clans, or other iOS games do this.  If I am going to pay money, then you better offer me something great in return not BS costumes!7. Costumes - its overkill!  Fix the game and make it actually work instead of playing dress up with your hero.8. Abilities - The old abilities are gone and replaced with junk abilities which require mana that cost too much and feel like a MOBA game.9. Mana - The mana is way too small to see and having everyone run around the entire map just to collect mana that only they can see is annoying.  If Player 1 already covered an area, why does player 2 have to run that same area to get mana.10. Mana - The amount of Mana a player receives is way too low.11. Pets - You no longer receive pets like last time, instead you have random drops with random stats, with random eggs, and no real way to farm.  it’s all just luck.  Which really sucks12. Bags - I have 12 bags or so with 16 slots and scrolling and trying to organize them is a pain and a hassle.  No real way to organize all your gear, instead you have to play move and shuffle just to get gear in the right place.13. Tutorial - you really get no tutorial on anything, it all just click and figure out on your own and hope you don’t lose anything.14. Towns - You get randomly disconnected from town because a host has left.  Why do I have to rely on a host for a town meetup, shouldn’t this be a server hosted town and not based on someone’s connection.  Does this mean that one person’s PC is hosting all our heroes at once?  Seems crappy.15. End of map - You have to wait for all players to make a decision before replaying the map or going to town.  if a player disconnected or leaves the session before you all press G, you all have to wait for the countdown to be over before you can go to town.  Seems like a complete waste of time.16. Hero’s orbs/Spheres - The cost is too high and the abilities are too low.I can go on and on about how much this game is nowhere near game ready.  I recommend either waiting to even see if this game will finish or just going back to DD1.As of right now, I cannot stand playing this game anymore.  I have four toons, all 680 ipwr levels and am bored with farming maps that have no real direction."
,Not Recommended,236110,24195177,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ApacheBeard,"I do not recommend that you pay money for this game.  The main reason is the server issues.  Every time I try to play this game with friends we have trouble connecting to each other in private sessions.  Sometimes the game itself will not even load because of bad server connections.  I regret paying money for the game (but that is mainly because it is free to play now).  Also, in my opinion, games that allow you to play but make you pay money for certain things that exist within the game is not cool.  If you do play, since it is free, and you do not have server issues and aren't tempted to pay a ton of money for a different costume, you will probably like the game.  It has tons of potential and I really hope they get the bugs worked out.  Until then, I am gonna have to recommend that you do not play this game.  If it gets better I will change my review."
,Recommended,236110,15035403,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,hyddendark,"Very pretty stylised graphics, great fun gameplay, easy to learn for a person new to the genre -- really appreciated the video tutorials during the campaign missions."
76561198034568184,Not Recommended,236110,32631297,Posted: 21 June,all,Twitch.tv/DaHedgehog27,I'm sorry but i cannot give this a thumbs up.The graphic style is actually worse then DD1 ( :S )There is no trading.The maps are tiny and pale in comparison to the original.Pets are now just cash grab / time sync.The entire game feels like a mobile game which is such a shame. They have definetly gone full  in-game microtransaction.I really hope they add in a few major things missing (trading) (jester) It's sad how developer release gutted sequals that actually have less content then the originals. I don't see any reason to play this over number 1.
,Recommended,236110,15637344,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Uriel,"""it has a long time befor it becomes a succeser to the original"", well that day has come.I'm officaly addicted, I had some mixed feelings about this in the beggining.but its safe to say, that this game is a succesor to the original!While im no where near to end game, my IPWR on my main builder being ~150, and only one charecter being max lv (in the procces of maxing another one).But lets start from the beggining;GOOD STUFFThe early quests help you figure out what the h3ll is going on, and bassicly the basics.from a sertian point the quests becom something along the lines of this: ""get a charecter to lv 40"" and when you finish that one you have to go to some npc for a new feature or item and the loop starts over again.If you chose a DPS/CC charecter to start with, you must play in a group.and i even found farming to lv 50 in sertian maps diffcult without the other defenses can build, like the sky guard tower which is crucial for maps where the wyverns simply dont come out of the lanes where the mobs come out.In the very start Trendy has claimed that switching between towers and mixing the setup is crucial, and from what i see, IT IS!building with one set of towers is allmost impossible in most end game maps and modes.while element combos are not as effective as they first were, they still pack a punch.NEGETIVE STUFFThis is a free2play game, and an ""in game currency"" was a must to keep the cash flowing and to keep Trendy from not supporting the game.And the customes dont effect gameplay at all, and acttualy decreases youre currency in game, either from buying myth gear with gold or buying lockboxe's keys with wyvern tokens.but the bag system is one of the worst things i have ever seen in a free2play game.Grinding loot is the core of the game, and keeping alot of important loot is, well, important.If you have more bags, you will get further. hands down no question.some say its for more  but i call this a big load of BS!Auto pickup loot is a major thing with the bags, instead of every wave going and looking if you got good loot and then picking it up, you can just have 10 bags optomized for auto loot and in the end of the match just check everything.this is a pay2win concept, where  if you have more money to spend itll be much easier for you to get better and proggres.Pets.yes, pets have a terrible system.not the pets them selfs, or the hatching system, but the storage system.Pet food, eggs, rotten shells, ♥♥♥♥ you need to evolve the pet, all stored withing the same place of youre loot.now how is that a problem? you may ask.It is a major flaw, and makes the game even more pay2win.its connected to the point i made earlier, you now even have less space for loot, since you need slots to keep youre eggs, shells pet food and the other stuff.Trendy did make the pets a different bag, where only pets can be stored, but you still have to pay more cash to store more pets!End notes:If you made it this far i thank you, for putting the time and dedication to read all of what i just wrote.I would love to hear feedback from you, the reader!I would give this game a solid 9/10 for new comers to the series, and for hardcore original fans a still pretty solid 7/10."
,Not Recommended,236110,17885870,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ジャック,"i was looking forward to dungeon defenders at first , and when i saw it on sale i was like YEY LETS TRY IT OUT! i got online and was like now uhhh wheres my tavern and found out its all online so you cant just sit in your tavern and chill . The graphics are abismal and are worse than dungeon defenders 1 and there are no servers to join . its nothing like dd1"
76561197978675900,Recommended,236110,13296907,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Insane,"Well for ppl who played DD1 (also played btw), DD2 doesnt disapoint, Most of the negative reviews forgets that the game its still in pre-Alpha, so alot of stuff still missing like trading and  player droping gear on tavern... etc...no drastic change was made that would make u think that isnt a sequel to DD1, all the old fun stuff is there. Plus some new, but im not gona spoil it for the new player."
,Recommended,236110,16531960,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bobdar,Great Game so far living up to the original. Runs great and plays great. If you loved the original you will love this game.
76561198031853345,Not Recommended,236110,20272864,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,arturnipo,"Everything I liked about Dungeon Defenders was lost in this game.  Customize your character? Naw. Lots of tower choices? naw.  Yes it looks prettier, but it's far less engaging and interesting. I asked for a refund, they said no and then made it free to play. Screw you too."
,Recommended,236110,13305958,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ViySvin,"You probably should wait until it's out. But even now it's totally playable!Still there is no gamepad support yet, that means a lot for me."
,Recommended,236110,28241895,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Vivianite,"TL;DR, modern tower defense with a hero element.  can build freely anywhere and everywhere in most cases.  MMO-ish looting and rarity hierarchy ex: white, green, blue, purple, orange flavor text.  all heroes in a deck level up regardless of them being active so long as they are in your deck.  all content can be obtained without spending a penny even heroes and hero slots. premium options are conveniences or skins ex: inventory expander or unlocking heroes.  you cannot purchase spheres or special things with premium currency.dungeon defenders 2 being the sequel to dungeon defenders continues the tale of the four youngsters who are now all grown up.  Etheria is in a golden age after the defeat of the old ones and eveythings hunky dory for a wile.  however, someone's running amok releasing those old ones once again and the original 4 are enlisted to fight once more.  taking place in the kingdom of dragonfall you work with the locals to ship out the eternia crystals to hopefully fix whoever's making a mess of things.the old ones have adapted and enlisted some new and old units alike to aid their advances to destroy the shards.  you'll face off against most of what you known from the first game, goblins, orcs, mages, even ogres return.  the goblins got a new ranged unit that throws bombs, the mage has been adapted to resurrect the dead, and the ogres are more geared to the teeth to do some serious damage.  the archer and dark elf assassin units have been retired, the archer has been replaced by a javelin thrower capable of piercing through defenses and enlisted the drakins as a bombardment of magical flame to shoot at things from a distance.but that's not all, they enrolled many new units to help their conquest such as the witherbeast, a supportive tanky unit that burrows itself into the ground and emits a healing field for enemies and debuffing nearby defenses to take more damage while also receiving less damage from them.  the kobolds have taken to the skies and have learned the art of paragliding, and will dive-bomb into their targets.  a new air unit has also been discovered, a lightning bug, capable of dealing chained damage to defenses.many more dangerous enemies await but what of the heroes, have their friends made a comeback? well, sort of.  EV comes back with her second edition and the summoner now retitled to 'abyss lord' also make a return.  they handle and function very differently than their previous incarnations so expect different game play.  some new faces also join in on the fight as well such as the lavamancer, a living molten rock of a man along with the mystic, who has a huge fixation to appeasing the snake gods, and, as of just recently, the dryad from terraria has also came on in to help.the game has also been streamlined to reduce the whackyness and longevity needed to complete a map, guesstimated to 1/5th the insanity that was dungeon defender 1.  the game will adjust each lane after each wave to be more difficult.  it will spawn special enemies, such as ogres, less often and more predictably, but as a result, they are much more vicious.  you are also rewarded a chest at the end that will guarantee one item's loot quality depending on its color.  gold replaces mana in terms of spending money for functions such as upgrading.  defender medals, obtained through daily/bonus weekly missions and map completion, are used for specific things such as skill spheres and unique items.overall i think it's a solid game for it being free, although a year or so ago there was a buy in price but now that has been lifted and a lot of content adjusted for a free to play model i think it's heading in the right direction.  they got some kinks and cracks to undo and seal up as it is but they are introducing some nice new player friendly features such as an ability to try the dryad in a 'normalized' mode.  on top of the campaign giving a generous heaping amount of defender medals to be comparable to a new hero with about 1~2k missing."
,Recommended,236110,18578673,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Yukiokato,I like.
76561198098369995,Recommended,236110,23414026,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Swagamoto,Have you played a tower defense game before?- Of course it's grindy- Of course it's repetitiveDungeon Defenders 2 is an action hack n slash/tower defense.  It is a type of game that you play on a weekday afternoon for a couple of hours until you get sick of it. Then you do it again next week.Those 10k dragon medals are simple to get.  Just play the game like a normal person.  I only played the game for a few hours these past 2 weeks and I didnt even realised I got 1.5k dragon medals.People these days whine like babies on even the slightest hint of grind.
76561198038453890,Recommended,236110,29573327,Posted: 29 January,all,Michαl888™,I guess it`s alright.
76561198137221151,Not Recommended,236110,19513739,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,VinniMan,"this makes me mad that i bought the game and its now free. but also i lost my old profile somehow and cant seem to recover it, i would really like to play again i just dont want to restart my intire game in order to get to the level i was at"
76561198063549406,Recommended,236110,20411582,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Digital,"A welcome addition, if at the loss of some of the charm.What did a lot of people love about DD1? I think it was the 3D tower defense mixed with RPG and third person fighting mechanics, and the charm of seeing children defend a kingdom while their masters are away.DD2 has kept the first aspect intact nearly to a T. The only issues I could see anyone having any problems with the new system is that hand-to-hand combat is nearly required at lower levels, so you can't fully rely on your towers so much. That being said, they did something great. They gave the player two mana pools, one for tower and one for hero abilities, rather than the previous game where it would pull from one pool. The tower's mana is collected from chests and killing monsters (by the way, they changed the way mana chests work so people aren't doing mad dashes to beat each other to mana privileges), the hero ability pool slowly regenerates over time, and a lot of people will be happy to know that a lot of these abilities have a much larger impact than they did before. The other thing is that the amount of usable towers have been dropped from 5 to 4. And no, the Squire's Slice N' Dicer did not make it into this game.DD2, however, seems to feel a little less... soulfull, if that makes sense. It's still fun, and it has a great art style, but something about it just feels like it lost touch slightly with the original. It's something that I have trouble placing even as I write this.That being said, the game is most likely a much easier to enter game compared to the oringal. The stat upgrading system is a little more streamlined and the reduction of one extra tower choice makes strategies a little less hard to create, which is a good or a bad thing depending on your viewpoint. The communication system is clearly better, you can ping with specific commands or straight up chat, although you probably wont need to in most matches.What about microtransactions? Well you'll be happy to know they're fairly unintrusive."
,Recommended,236110,20131735,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NetSraC,"Pretty fun game, played it for an hour or two and it keeps improving.Frequent updates with fixes, balances and new content proves that the developers care for the feedback they get!Also: Stupid Puns and flying Cats!8,5/10"
76561198168875751,Recommended,236110,29664003,Posted: 2 February,all,MarkusMatthew,One of my favorite games!!!
,Not Recommended,236110,32137061,Posted: 2 June,all,The Gilded Man,"I really did like this game and when i first bought it when it wasnt F2P i saw a lot of potential, I ended up at endgame and I believe I stopped a bit after they introduced the sphere system and upgrading gear with other gearEnded up coming back because I had a hankering to start playing again and I come to find it has completely changed since I last played, seems that they got rid of the upgrade system they had in place for the old dd1 style upgrading sysem which is fine by me since that system worked well anyways, the difference between this game and DD1 is that it is WAAAAY more grindy to upgrade stuff, not ti mention it takes forever to get any good upgrades. lucky for me I enjoy the grind for gear since ive played monster hunter a lot. but I know for a lot of people dont like grindyness.Another qualm I have with this game is the errors, I get errors out the whazoo, errors for not being able to connect to the tavern and having to go back to the hub or just timing out my request entirely, a couple times I got stuck at ""searching for session"" and it never sending me back to the tavern so I have to tab out and close the game manually using the task manager. The other errors that come out of nowhere saying ""Unknown Message: *insert random number here*"" are just annoying.Game is also laggy for no apparent reason, my computer can play Borderlands 2 and the pre sequel no problem but this game gets random lag spikes OFTEN and thats even without mobs, which im very certain its due to having to be connected to a *session* which im very certain means trendy servers which NEED to undergo maintenence for how laggy the game gets, and the only time I can seem to get a decent framerate is when im staring at a damned wall.I loved DD1 and I honestly was hoping this game was better but it honestly feels kind of worse, hopefully the devs pull their heads out their asses and listen to their concerned fans instead of ignoring their pleas.I paid early access cause I was really hoping this game would be better than DD1 but it looks like Trendy has pretty much ruined my hopes.tl:drGame is laggy cause servers suck, buggy, and just kind of dull now while playingMy personal opinion? this game is okay 6/10 definitally worse than its predesessor, I suggest you go get DD1 instead honestly, or wait untill the newest reviews for this game start rolling out as positive instead of negative before you waste hard drive space like I did. hopefully the devs start actually DOING things instead of rolling out updates without fixing bugs that have been there either since it was lunched in early access alphabut hey, at least the pets look cute right?"
76561198086354516,Not Recommended,236110,32163796,Posted: 3 June,all,JueffJueffTheDestroyerOfWorlds,"I had originally loved this game when it first came out, The game ran smoothly and leveling was fun. I had taken a hiatus from the game afterwards and today I decided to play again, HOWEVER, I couldn't becasue each time I got passed the intro cutscene the game would stop responding and crash. I tried to open the game several times but it was hopeless. I paid around $15 for this game when it first came out and now I can't even play it after it's been updated several times. What a rip-off."
76561198022233300,Not Recommended,236110,23827217,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Reprocesing,"Long story shortI bought this game when it came out in early access, then stopped playing after some time.Now it became free to play, and all my money spent on this game meant nothing, i still had to grind my♥♥♥♥♥off to unlock all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they throw into the game.greedy dev is greedy dev, do not support this kind of developer, spend your money somewhere else that worth it,"
,Not Recommended,236110,32871711,Posted: 27 June,all,Belle~~,"This game is good to kill a few hours, that is if you can ever actually log into it. The servers are absolutely garbage, and if you do somehow manage to log in, staying connected to others is still an issue. At least it's free though"
76561198021573722,Recommended,236110,24510212,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,rizrak777,"I normally stay away from doing reviews, but honestly the community who want to dog this game is absurd. The game is still in Early Access. Now sure we are going on almost 2 years (in a few months), but there are plenty of other games that have done the same.People complain about Microtransactions, people complain that they can't just buy the game, people complain that and this and bah. Skins can cost however much they want, you don't have to buy them. The heros don't have to be bought. Sure it takes awhile to earn them I have put 150 hours into the game most of which was before they even had defender medals. So, I have just now earned One of the Heroes and I barely put time into itPeople are complaining that they are putting out new content. I have never in all my years heard of people complain because they are getting new stuff. ""It costs too much"" Then don't buy it ""It takes to long to get"" Then don't get it. This isn't a Moba where they are going to release 60+ Heroes. They are not going to just give away what they are spending their time making without making you earn it. They are even nice enough to make it so the costs goes down after a week of the new Hero coming out. Which they have no real reason to do. (Though I admit that it costing the exact cap is kinda annoying as it means you have to stop if you get there and the hero hasn't came out yet but I digress)"
,Recommended,236110,24516235,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lerenax,The tower defense genre is a beautiful game.
76561198090596834,Recommended,236110,18431696,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PePe,u get rekt m8
76561198204915845,Recommended,236110,30158995,Posted: 24 February,all,blue-boy,Soooooooo cool
76561198002247851,Not Recommended,236110,20515001,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TONIGHT,I bought this game when it came out and now its free to play REALLY???
76561197963932590,Not Recommended,236110,29409519,Posted: 21 January,all,Wolffpack,"It's just... boring. Most of the games you just afk until a single big mob spawns or you even afk through that. Game mechanics aren't really fleshed out or all that creative, there is always a FOTM op character (usually the just released one, so you buy them for real money) and the maps while pretty aren't all that creative either."
76561198054048456,Recommended,236110,13899366,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,현실에서 팬더,"This game is just awesome. Even though its just in pre-Alpha you got alot of stuff to do. It includes everything a good game needs in my opinion: Looting, leveling and strategy. And for the price of only around 22 Euro its totally worth buying it even if most of the content isnt even released."
76561197974724936,Not Recommended,236110,31226716,Posted: 18 April,all,Tek-Nish-Uhn,"I stopped playing this game a while back and thought I would let it progress and see how much better it is down the line....... ohh boy was I wrong I can't even clear 1 map it seems the focus of the game switched from tower defense to hero defense.  Is it me or does the towers do nothing, I use to play a squire and set up my defense with towers mainly and that was fun for me because thats the way I wanted to play it..... now I can't even clear anything the tower system sucks my towers don't do enough damage the range is utter garbage..... wow this game turned around for the worse I thought it was really good last year but how the dev's messed up real bad in my opinion anyway.  They should take out the tag on this game being a ""Tower Defense"" its more like a hack and slash now"
,Recommended,236110,13514772,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ObeseSausage,This game...Sooooo relaxing :3.~Graphics are DELICIOUS~Gameplay is smoooooth~Less Cartoony compaired to first 1 (i personally like it this way...too cartoony burns my eyes)For a Pre-Alpha game it is extremely good. One can only imagine what full release might feel like *drools* (That's if they don't mess it up with some stupid shiz you know what im sayin' m8?)*Will Update in future once game gains content/updates* (Hope it just gets better and better jaaaah jaaaaaaah)
,Recommended,236110,13522686,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hisoka,not played much just 21 hours and yeah i say its a good game
76561197995936916,Recommended,236110,13529544,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Doctor Frankenberry,"I will write a review later as an update but for now i just wanted to congragulate the creators of DD2 for such an amazing game. The graphics are great and the combos with spells and toweres are amazing. The one thing i realy look forward to is controler support. As soon as the game has that integrated I will buy five more copies for my friends. i look forward to new tower interactions, and combonations."
76561198085045446,Not Recommended,236110,24327757,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Hentie Dj,wow not only dose this game suck way more than the first witch ahs splitscreen but now its free to play. i paied for this crap. no wonder its free now i played it a little tried it again bout a week or 2 agao uuinstalled right after.
76561198004743054,Not Recommended,236110,23933986,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bastt,"The game is just a huge cash grab now, micro transactions being more important that finishing the game."
,Not Recommended,236110,24198295,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,J4gr,"This game is a SCAM.I paid full price early on because of my obsession/love for the original Dungeon Defenders.  I'm not sure if Bill Cosby is the lead developer, but at this point I definitely feel like I've been violated.This sequel is nothing more than an outright cash grab.  So much cash has been made from the orginal game's faithful that this company had been able to purchase enough fake reviews to make it appear decent.I really wish I could get my money back...or at least the home addresses for everyone involved in making this game.  (I'd be sending them cases of random chinese junk similar to this game.)UGH"
,Not Recommended,236110,24356820,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ture,"I loved the first dungeon defenders so much. Just total stupidety of the weapons and pets you could have. Using and archer with a many gun while your Team Fortress Pyro is shooting flames around you, Hell yeah.I was really looking forward to this game, expecting the same experience as DD 1, but hell i have been disappointed. First of al the pre-order, i dont mind supporting the Devs for this game, but the fact that it is free to play now is kind of questionabel for me. But the most dissapointing thing of all is the lack of 'fun'. I could play DD1 all day every day, feeling like it was a new game everytime i played with endless possibilities. The pets were really interesting and the weapons were ridicilous but that made it so fun to play. So ofcourse i buy the new DD2, but where is the fun? Every level feels like the lever before that, i just doesn't have the fun factor as DD1. And it has been in pre alpha for hella long. The updates don't feel right, just more stuff you can get for real $$ or €€. It sucks, it is cruisin towards a game where, if you want to beat all the levels, you just have to pump your hard earned money in it.Beside this fact all those new chars/heroes coming out. I pre ordered it for a lot of money, and know you are saying i dont get the new chars unless i pay another 20 dollars? Or i have to play for a loooot of hours. Me no likie. For a F2P game this game can/is really fun. But for the Dungeon Defenders fan, we better get back playing DD1, where the fun was real."
,Not Recommended,236110,21344662,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,buskedrengen,♥♥♥♥♥game. Removed my char :(
76561198027520782,Recommended,236110,18473059,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DominixxVI,payed 15 bucks for this ... now its free to play thx trendy entertainment. still good game tho
76561198087048234,Recommended,236110,18665291,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,Its pretty good so far but it is in alpha so.
76561198037773807,Recommended,236110,18246590,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Pumba,"If you liked Dungeon Defenders 1 you are going to love this!its actually quite playable for a pre alpha, the things thats bad is*the framedrops, i often get about 20-30 fps on a decent gaming comp, (gtx 970 g1, 8 gb ram and a good six core @ 4.3 ghz)*servers sometimes mess up*small bugs at the pet stuff, like food not getting registrerd and stuff like thatbut if you can live with that, its a really fun game! me and my girlfriend have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hours on it and co op is the absolutly best way to play this game, its playable solo aswell but not nearly as fun as if you are 2-4 persons and going for the harder levels."
76561198055776411,Recommended,236110,18435483,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Toast,"Great Graphics, great game!"
76561198051393929,Recommended,236110,18473906,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,MineCraft_Awesome_Parodies,I like it but im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it went free if i knew it would go free i would have never bothered buying it
76561198039062978,Recommended,236110,18589768,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Badery1,"This game has come a long way since early pre alpha, and I can only expect it to go further. If you like tower defence/shooter games, this is a very good hybrid."
76561198042165845,Recommended,236110,18459571,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Booker T,Very addicting!
,Recommended,236110,18485164,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BobSquad | TeNaX,"Dungeon Defenders 1 Top!Dungeon Defenders Eternity Flop!Dungeon Defenders II Top³!Dungeon Defenders II is a nice game for towerdefence lovers!there are still some bugs atm, and much is not finished yet..But Guys! Its a Alpha! i get eye cancer by reading this mimimi Comments!Waits and enjoying this Free game!Für die, die noch weniger Englisch können als ich :P.Hört auf mit den negativen Kommentaren!Es ist eine Alpha und sie ist nun kostenlos spielbar.Also bevor ihr hier sinnlose Kommentare postet vonwegen wiescheiße etwas ist, schreibt sie lieber in deren Foren wo die Entwickler eslesen und sich Gedanken machen können!Ich kann keine Review mehr sehen, von jemanden der nichtmal10 Spielstunden hat. Wie oben schon geschrieben ""Augenkrebs""@ Trendy EntertainmentKeep it up!Rechtschreibfehler sind Spezialeffekte meiner Tastatur und dienen ausschließlich der allgemeinen Belustigung!"
76561198253325621,Recommended,236110,18387898,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,9_darklighter_9,great game!
,Recommended,236110,18414017,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,SpyroTheLegend,its so fun i cant want to see the new caricters and i highly recremend it but i can wait to see the new items there going to add
,Recommended,236110,18435034,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Veridien,This Game Is Amazing!!!!
76561198148672055,Recommended,236110,18544589,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Blaadjeh,Pro's:Nice graphicsAddicitve gameplayAs easy or challanging if you wantNice ballance between towerbuilding RPG and action gamingGreat communityNot P2WCons:Long way to 50 with your first charGetting really good gear can be a long grind
76561198044972340,Recommended,236110,18510734,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Necropolis,Worth. It was worth worth the 15 bucks I paid for this. And now it's free.
,Recommended,236110,29558769,Posted: 28 January,all,брат Панаётис ☭,100% RECOMENDEDAnd terraria update is awesome !! i Love it !last days i play only DD2 this game is really coolDownload it and start playing ^-^ !!!! i am sure you will love it !!!!
76561198134336200,Recommended,236110,18450980,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,nightmare_dragon1,with the current bugs getting fixed and different alterations id have to say this game is getting really good.
76561198045838331,Not Recommended,236110,32982662,Posted: 29 June,all,GALrabbit,"Thursday 11:00 am , server so basy cant create a game , haha"
,Not Recommended,236110,32911896,Posted: 27 June,all,CeddyRubskin,pay 2 play...
,Not Recommended,236110,31329406,Posted: 23 April,all,electroman52973,"You know, I used to enjoy this game.  To be honest, it used to be my favorite game, until chaos came out.  I came back after a few months of not playing, due to more recent games like overwatch.  I came back to see that all of my spheres, which made it super fun to play, were deleted.  iPwr, which I spent about 200 hours farming, just to be able to finish Nightmare IV, which is now gone, has been deleted as well.  All of my kits I had spent so long building, and all of the friends I had spent so long gaining, are now gone.  Even my friends are reccomending me to quit, which I might as well do until the previous game I used to love comes back.  My kits for Nightmare IV are still there, just not as effective due to the removal of spheres.  My shields for the squire went from having approximately 500K to 55K.  My Poison Dart Towers went from about 15K dps to 1k dps.  I instantly was furious.  I had spent so much time, just to watch all of my hard work crumble right before me.  I shall not be returning to this game, until I see on the youtube channel that there was an update allowing spheres again.  Thank you to those who read this extensive review, but to be honest, I would not reccomend this game anymore.  Maybe previously, but not now."
,Recommended,236110,31369239,Posted: 25 April,all,MAD-COW,"I played this game solo, its a whole mess a fun>Reminds me of first game>Has a pretty good scaling system>Seems like future development is going well!>The micro transactions aren’t cheapSimply put this game has come a long way from what it was and still has a long way to go in my eyes before it surpasses Dungeon Defenders, and all of its Dlcs…"
76561197976813498,Not Recommended,236110,31910949,Posted: 22 May,all,raptor,Don't bite into this game.   It is everything an Early Access game is not supposed to be.  It is designed the same way mobile (insert your favorite mobile store here) is designed full of micro (not so micro) transactions.   If this is really about Early Access to develop a game why are they charging money so you can purchase items that supposedly will go away when this is full release.   I wish Steam would stop letting these developers abuse Early Access.   They should put a restriction that there can be no in game transactions until the game is out of EA.Also with the way it is now it is just a grinder to get skins and crap items.   Wait until it is full release before getting into the game (if that ever happens) and be prepared to spend lots of real cash on this not so free to play game.
,Recommended,236110,31021256,Posted: 8 April,all,John,"To start my review, I'd like to say that I'm very disappointed by the devs of the game. I paid the full price of the game before it got moved to free to play. Now, after I bought it, I suffer from the same pay to win the rest does. I still recommend it.Why?It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a game I paid ... I don't even know, I only know I paid too much. But for free to play, it's a good game to sink a few hours in. Playing this game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you wanna try doing way too strong maps with undergeared equipment in order to gain the equipment you would've needed to do the level the normal way.Do not spend any money on this. Do spend your time downloading and playing it.It's definitely a great free to play game.Do not expect it to be like DD1, it isn't. And I don't mean this in a good way."
,Recommended,236110,31934270,Posted: 24 May,all,xX_Lute_Xx gamekit.com,"I am going to refund this game since it is now F2P, However I love this game and frequently play it so I will recommend it."
76561198003146645,Not Recommended,236110,13563212,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dearatouz,No offline or peer to peer
,Recommended,236110,13304080,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,xxupn,FINAL EXAM.......
,Recommended,236110,17920594,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Teisu Masuku,great game
,Recommended,236110,29612429,Posted: 31 January,all,AppleLad,Great and fun game! It hasn't gotten repetative yet. Even when you finish the campain there are other levels and harder difficultys to keep you entertained.
76561197972187361,Recommended,236110,25988086,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[DE]Topperharly,...i think i played a day....but it was a week.....my fav. plant is dead now....it was a plastic one....but on the bright side i have a 731 itemraiting.
76561198056174052,Recommended,236110,23353709,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,RazeHawk,I loved Dungeon Defenders 1 and it looks like ill love 2 just the same if not more!
76561198051340735,Recommended,236110,23379735,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Deggaaa,"Graphics:- Nice comic-style with a lot of bright colors, resulting in a very ""warm/lovely"" atmosphere- A lot of variation in maps for example old dungeons, green fields, gigantic sewers, burning cities, spooky forests or a throne room and there is much more! New maps are constantly added, each with their own layout and theming.- The characters are designed with a lot of love for details and they all look very different from each other. You can also buy skins with ingame currency to give you a bit more variation.-> Overall one of the biggest pros for me are the graphics. I could stare hours into the beautiful landscapes and also write hours about it ;)Balance/Bugs/Ingame Currency-> Trendy constantly adds new content to the game, so they can have all features they want as quickly as possible, but this also results in a lot of bugs. The worst bugs get fixed quickly. The balance issues are not that bad in early stages of the game, but in the endgame there are only a few viable towers/characters. I´m sure the balance will get fixed, since most of the old characters will get reworked soon to be as good as the new ones. The ingame currency is fine. You can get some skins and additional inventory slots with it, but nothing that would give you an advantage in the game.Gameplay:- A lot of variation in maps, difficulties, items and characters. You can even equip spheres to boost your character to the max. or take a pet to help you in battle- Tons of enemies, each with their own strengths and some with special abilitiess- The normal gamemode is nice and balanced and will take you a good amount of time to reach the last difficulties.- The second gamemode is named ""onslaught"" and is basically an endless mode. The gamemode is fun but does not provide good rewards at the end. I´m sure they will make some work on this gamemode soon.- The third and last gamemode is named ""incursion"" and is a much harder version of the map you choose. The gamemode is very challenging and is okey so far. But they currently work on adding a different task for each map and a unique reward if you win. There is already one map with this concept and i´m very happy with it.- Daily missions/monthly missions have good rewards and are well done.- Characters all have their own playstyle and look.I could write on for hours, because there is so much more to talk about, but i wanted to keep it short and just give you an idea of the current state of the game!Result:-> The fantastic graphics, love to details and the variety of characters, pets, enemies and maps, make this one of my favorite games. I spent over 440 hours on this game so far and don´t regret anything. The Trendy team is friendly and listens to the community. Constant patches with new characters, challenges, maps and much more keep the game interesting and fun. Just keep in mind that the game is in development and still contains some bugs and balance issues, but overall I can totally recommend you to test it out yourself, you won´t regret it!!"
76561198062763216,Not Recommended,236110,24380172,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SgtBalanced,"I am probably the biggest Dungeon Defenders fan on Earth. I grinded out hours and hours in the alpha of this game excited banking on the promise that content and more fun would come.Fast forward over a year and Trendy has become one of the greediest game companies in the business. I love Dungeon Defenders but I simply cannot support the greed of this company. They used to want to make a good game, but when they realized their community wasn't happy with the current state of the alpha they decided to milk every last dollar out of their dying franchise.I would highly encourage you to stay away from this game. If you simply MUST try it go play DD1 as it is a much better game."
,Recommended,236110,29506997,Posted: 26 January,all,Dark Hydrak,"Amazing game. Broken still, but good. :)"
,Recommended,236110,23589824,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NAZerath,"I do think that this game is insanely well made. Being an early access game still, the dev team are adding new thing every other week! There are always things to do in the game. I do recomend this game if you like tower defense games and have played the first Dungeon Defenders 2! :)"
76561198169949098,Recommended,236110,18554103,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,taco76489742742542909795864084,just do it make your dreams come true
,Recommended,236110,14965778,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,GOOGLE cp-community.com,Perfect Game
76561198140967624,Recommended,236110,25729210,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Arsonist Mayor Muffins,"DD2 is a great game, but be careful becaue it can be a pay to win game if you don't want to farm.The game has great mechanics and is great to play with friends."
76561198124883036,Recommended,236110,18460168,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SheepPuma,"Day 98: I haven't eaten in weeks, im an addict, my friends and family are worried about me, yet I don't care, all I want is more.Amazing game 99999999999/10Only complaint: put it on mac"
,Not Recommended,236110,24409465,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,⭐ 0r!GiN4L1Ty ⭐,play the original 10x better(its also not p2w)
76561198045831736,Recommended,236110,32724595,Posted: 24 June,all,masuramea,"Its a great game, played it quite a lot since start of early access.However, there is ALWAYS something the matter. Whether its inworkable lag or the continuous  patches that prevent you from simply playing whenever you want.A lot had to do with early access but since it came out officially there are already errors and package mismatches all over the place. Hopefully it'll stabilize out now, but i'm not yet convinced it will.Since i've already spent quite a small fortune on this 'free' game i do expect working servers and no drama all the time.Conclusion: Great game when its actually operating as expected but a lot of times thats not the case."
,Recommended,236110,32648007,Posted: 22 June,all,Wabi-Sabi,Now that the game is finaly out I can say that the game as come a long way. Still has some things that needs to be worked out but Trendy is always adding new content to the game and hears what we have to say. They have changed alot because gamers did not like some aspects of the game. This is a great Tower Defence game. This is only the beginning.
,Not Recommended,236110,20466487,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Paladin,Paid $15 or so when it first came out and now... its free to play. I  WANT A REFUND TRENDY!
76561198021277904,Not Recommended,236110,30282913,Posted: 2 March,all,Jokolism,"with the endgame update, sorry but uninstall and i dont want to touch it ever again, how the ♥♥♥♥ can you adjust only one tower, and that being the fing fireball tower to flamethrower, the only reason people played mage was because of the fireball tower now you removed it and mage went from hey i can use this hero for an all around playstyle to a lets build only our eartshaker tower cause flamethrower is worthless hero, not to mention all the levels and stats are worthless right now, game went from decent down the pipe"
,Recommended,236110,32374930,Posted: 12 June,all,Bodega,"Great game, they have really improved since their beta and I can't wait to see what they add in the future"
,Recommended,236110,29797608,Posted: 9 February,all,deleted,"Good online, but the characters not so much to choose"
,Recommended,236110,27152350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moonie,"One of the best Free to Play games on the market right now! A lot of fun alone and with friends, the developers care and listen to the community, and they continue to give the players huge updates(cosmetics, levels, weapons, new/edited systems and mechanics etc.)The artstyle is amazing, and follows the same path as the first game. The game has a big cast of playable heroes, 4 of which are unlocked instantly, and the others you can buy as you progress further into the game.9/10"
76561198089290957,Recommended,236110,23251820,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Crazyjoshuab,A quick run through of the game:Pros:.Tower defence with a twist.Wide range of enemys each with different abilitys.Gear management.nice style of graphic.lots of towers and classesCons:.a bit stuttery.micro transactions (not pay 2 win) (is a free 2 play game).ai pathing sometimes ignores your walls. you have to pay for cosmetics. toxic communityDid I buy it:Yes! i enjoyed it alot apart from the cons it is a great game that should be played (its also now free 2 play)
76561198034600853,Recommended,236110,18395372,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Remex,"Really awesome game if you like tower defence kind of games.Great content at the moment, and it's only in alpha!"
76561198057863795,Recommended,236110,18454968,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blackajack,"After seeing this game come out a few days after 2014 christmas, I decided to take some of my money and bought the pre-alpha.When the game first came out, I was near addicted. Not fully addicted as I had other games to play - Mainly dota - but those games I already spent money in so I feel inclined to show some love here and there. Mostly however I was playing Dungeon Defenders II. I was so addicted I bought another copy of the pre-alpha for a friend, who plays it with me occasionally and generally we both enjoy it.I'll be brief with the positive and the negatives, but for those of you who are lazy about reading; Buy this game.1: The game has flucuating loot. No two weapons will be the same, legendaries actually feel... legendary... and generally speaking the game presents tons of options for you to mess around with. Want to go DPS squire? Sure, go for it! Want to go poison dart tower huntress? Go for it! The game gives you freedom of choice in this scenario.2: The developers are actively interested in making their game the best, consistently adding a weekly report on what they accomplished each week. They also have a great sense of humor with patch notes. (Still can't forget ""Squire can no longer father children. Yes, I know, it's a sad day"")3: The game feels fun while reminding you that it is a bit grindy. Yes, you have to grind for your loot at higher levels, but for at least the duration of the campaign it keeps introducing new mechanics that keeps you on your toes. Incursion and Infinite-reward waves are also interesting concepts, but hard.4: The game is becoming F2P today! In a recent patch, they will be performing an open alpha - a very rare sight! Even you, that random viewer whos viewing this because it came up on your steam overlay, could play this game, right now! And don't be concerned about ""P2W"" - Trendy has made sure that the game is only ""Pay to look cool"". And for those people who pre-purchased, they get 2000 gems free - enough for some snazzy gear.5: The graphics are beautiful and snazzy, and really colourful. They even have reskins of different levels depending on what mode you are playing. (For instance, normal throne room is all bright and cheerful, while nightmare throne room is gloomy with thunder and lightning.) The anbient effects are really nice most of the time, and the animations are fluid.There's tons more I want to say, but I'd rather just say experience it yourself today, when the patch goes live! Only warning; the game is known to hog a little memory. But my PC is semi-spec, and can still run it with virtually no lag.HF!"
76561198067780849,Recommended,236110,18427744,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,LaVar Ball,"When I first got this game, I had high expectations for it. Dungeon Defenders 1 was spectacular and the 2nd needed to live up to its legacy. After some time of good updates, this game has become a very good game, to the point where i might say it is better than the 1st. The pet system is amazing, the improved animations are good, and the newly introduced towers are spectacular. One negative to Dungeon Defenders 2 is that it doesnt have as much variety as the 1st (DLC Characters and Levels). These will probaly be made later after Early Access. If you are going to get this game, I would tell you to wait till it goes free in December, however, if you want bonus in-game credits, buy it early access."
76561198079534734,Recommended,236110,23804235,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Stinkybeaver,"I see a lot of reviews from people who are upset about the grind to get new characters - Devs realized it was a bit too hard to grind for the medals, so they increased the amount you receive from missions, maps, etc... I am now capped on medals after just a few days of playing.There has been a ton of content released for this game in the last few months, including new maps, incursions, weapons, and even two new characters. The community has a say in how this game is progressing, which is more than I can say for a lot of other games. I can also look at news for this game and weekly (if not every few days) there is detailed** updates on where the devs are in updates, and even a look at what is to come, whether it be a thought, or a work in progress.Overall, I've been playing this game since release, and I still play it almost every day. If you enjoy tower defense, you should not pass up the opportunity to at least try the game out."
,Not Recommended,236110,19405703,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"I bought this way back before it was f2p. 25 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars wasted. It went f2p right after I bought it but I didn't care about that. I was just glad I owned it because I loved DD1 so much. Besides, I checked my game's mailbox and they gave me about 25 bucks worth of in-game currency and content so I was happy. Why I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is because it had horrible optimization and stuttering after the first few levels, and even today I just reinstalled it after not playing it for a really long time and it still runs like absolute sh-t balls. I can crush Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1 on high/ultra settings, but DD2? LEARN TO CODE FOR PC, JACK OFFS.0/10 shove this up your♥♥♥♥♥devs"
76561198026953649,Recommended,236110,23744188,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Unpossible5000,"This is a fun game to play for a few weeks, then jump back to it and see the changes they have made. Constant upgrades are nice, with a good community of players. Since I have started playing, 2 new characters have been added (and more are still on the way), new maps, weapons, armor, and pets have been added.My only complaint with the game is that the story mode ends fairly quickly (about 10 hours of gameplay), then it cycles back through all the maps again on a harder difficulty. Therefore making it a bit repetative to play consistantly. That being said, I still do enjoy playing the game and would recommend it to others."
76561198017317574,Not Recommended,236110,24171873,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mizume,"Loved Dungeon Defenders I.  Dungeon Defenders II is a steaming pile of poop.  It isn't ready for release to the public at all and I'm very, very unhappy that they charged a fee for a game in this state.  I originally bought the game months ago (it's 7/7/16 now), and as of yesterday the game is still garbage.  I feel insulted and I feel like I was taken advantage of.  I spent more than a decade making games professionally, and what I see in this ""released"" game is horrible.The biggest problem with the first game appears to be that the art direction (which I think is lovely) attracts an incredibly young player base who isn't particularly suited to strategy gameplay.  The sequel seems to be lining up to be the same mess of incredibly young player population who play selfishly rather than cooperatively even at the cost of losing the match, and prefer to have their characters speed leveled by high level games rather than earning their levels and actually learning how to play the character classes and the maps.I wouldn’t consider recommending this game to anyone for any reason in its current state.  After the game is actually in a completed state I would recommend it as I would the original game, if you have a player group already assembled who can play together, go for it.  But, as an adult  it isn’t worth the time to deal with the immature player population."
,Recommended,236110,25189246,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Healz,Have paid 20€ for this gameIs Free-to-play10/10Would have♥♥♥♥♥♥in butt again
,Not Recommended,236110,34545259,Posted: 27 August,all,RusticDad,"I have put so much of my life into Dungeon Defenders 1. I first played DD1 in Alpha when it was just the Apprentice and Magus Quarters. I loved it from the start and have played it off and on for many many years. When I heard about DD2 i was unbelievably happy, but from the first trailer i knew everything was wrong. First of all, I am all for flat cartoony graphics, I love it, but not in dungeon defenders. The first dungeon defenders still out does the second in terms of graphics. DD2 is also a major cluster of garbage all over the screen. The game looks and feels cheap. No wonder its ""free to play"". In my opinion DD1 is one of the best games of all time, DD2 is even a decent game, its just bad. I feel like im playing a crappy mobile game with no depth. There is so much App like garbage pay to get this BS. They have advertisments around the goddamn tavern. Its a disgrace to the serious and as a Day 1 fan I can honestly say it bothers me every day knowing DD2 exists. I have literally lost sleep over this game being so bad. There is SO MUCH more i can get into but not now. Some day I'll put together a review just digging to the core of this game. How they made a masterpiece and followed it up with garbage is beyond me. I wish the worst upon the developers of DD2, you money hungry monsters."
,Not Recommended,236110,28963476,Posted: 2 January,all,Scopuli,"Thought about coming back to this game.  Saw $300+ CDN in DLC and still early access.  Did some research, tried the game again, and its a bad game playing on the original's good reputation as a cash grab."
,Recommended,236110,31476461,Posted: 30 April,all,SnipeCat,"The game has potential but suffers from a serious lack of content. Incorporating steam workshop like the original could help this go a long way. In addition the the charges for in game currency is rediculously high, and it doesn't provide color change options for apparel like the original either."
76561198046959179,Not Recommended,236110,24413393,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Isagoarth,"This game is garbage for real. I bought it only because i had a lot of fun with first game. My dissapointment is really high because of lot microtransactions. i Bought it in early acces because i had hope that i'll get some new content without paying or grinding for hours. But well i get pretty much nothing. I don't think that giving new heroes for free to players that payed for early acces is much, but for deelopers it seems to be too much. This game is already dead and i don't think anything will do something to ressurect it."
76561198271894257,Recommended,236110,29926058,Posted: 14 February,all,Madmelons123,i have played this game for 29 hours and i am addicted as soon as i started-its got PETS FRICKEN PETS-GREATEST STORY I HAVE EVER SEEN!!-you can play with your friends (if you have any)-best of all ITS FREEEEEEEEEEE!!please take my word and get this game they are always updating it and even if you completed the story with one character YOU CAN DO IT AGAIN WITH A DIFFERENT CHARACTERwhich has-different traps-different equipment-different costumes
76561198096515050,Not Recommended,236110,24251080,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MeowKittyNya,GIVE BACK MY MONEY !!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,236110,25745618,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kattandra,"JUST. DON'T.''the first game was good''agreed!''the second might be fun too''nope!''Why?''cause the developers have turned into money hungry pigs with an insatiable hunger and no respect for their customers  preventing all fun in the game.sad thing is the game started out really good, but now its just at a point where i opened the game and was instantly asked to pay 40 bucks to unlock a new character or grind daily/monthly missions for ages to even be able to think of affording the new character (or any old character) you even have to unlock the hunter and the monk that way too even though they are part of the CORE team of the game!? at least they are cheap and you can afford them after winning 4 matches, as they are only 10 defender coins each, wouldn't even be strange if they changed that..all in all?gameplay 8/10paywall too damn extreme 0/10developers -10/10 sad people"
,Not Recommended,236110,25590859,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Honorable Sudoku,"Problems with parties were here since alpha and i thought that finally it was all fixed oh how innocent i was... As of now i can't join private match that my friend is hosting and he can't join mine. If we try to party in public lobby we either dont see each other in party or cant find session due the timeout. If we party in private lobby we get seperated even if we click ""stay together"" button. This game is supposed to be played with friends but how? Rating : Fix your ♥♥♥♥ finally / 10"
76561198099538829,Recommended,236110,13566156,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dupp,Great game!absolutely addictive and i love it
,Recommended,236110,13684507,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MoccaShake (tuifei),"I have never played DD1 or DDE. After playing DD2, i really like the game as it has all or not most of my favourite gaming genres, TD, 3rd person shooter/hack and slash. This game is really fun if u have a group of friends that can coordinate well together. But i have played this game most of the time with strangers and i can say that 90% of the time i meet friendly people. So, i can say that the community is good here. The devs have come up with new content for the future and bugfixes here and there.So... great game,good community,good devs = GET THE GAME!Also, there will obviously be bugs in early access, u can't expect it to be running smoothly without bugs. But so far the bugs i have experienced isn't game breaking.Thanks for reading my review. Hope to see you in-game! :D"
76561198048863499,Recommended,236110,13604178,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DramaKeen,♥♥♥♥ YES!
,Recommended,236110,13798719,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spaztic Twitch,"This game is beautiful and has pretty cool mechanics, I'd say it would be a good buy"
,Recommended,236110,13884601,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Droucil,"Video gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OrgDTnNfXk&list=PLwglgrnPQfF9VQy_8U98YvzdtQU_aGnXE&index=7Good Game, more content please :D!"
,Not Recommended,236110,13263383,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Talibantechie,"Not all that fun :( very disapointed vs the first one. I think I will go play Dungeon Defenders 1-Edit-Paid good money for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, then they go F2P and add DLC!??Where is my effin DLC if you are going to scam people!????♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer"
,Recommended,236110,13679497,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Masterbay Sean's,Really enjoying this game! Can't wait to see what is to come!
,Recommended,236110,13681245,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fisH,10/10 great artwork
,Recommended,236110,13539802,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ed,This pleases me.
76561198086101204,Recommended,236110,13831300,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dusty Dickbutt,Look at my hours played. LOOK AT THEM.
,Recommended,236110,13978515,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ducky ;),"Pre Alpha Review: To any fan of DD1 I HIghly HIGHLY recommend getting this game. Even as a pre alpha game the gameplay is pretty darn good especially if you include the fact that the UI is more user friendly and also the POV is much much better than DD1. Not only that but the graphics aree really good compared to DD1 whose models and textures were pretty dark and didn't seem that much satisfying to play with. Overall the game is somewhat buggy as sometimes you might experience some usual pre alpha stuff you find in most games. The multiplayer is ok but laggy at some times. I also look forward to having more skills and towers/traps per class and also an offline mode which TBH i only want when i'm bored because soloing the maps are soo much harder than DD1.Okay. I've been playing alot more of DD2 now, and I have to say that the negative reviews this game is getting, it dosen't deserve it. People are complaining how ""grindy"" this game is, but that's the actual nature of the game. You compare this to DD1 wherein basically people have found ways to hack both the casual and ""ranked"" mode to get items that give imense amounts of stats, so that's why trendy pushed how DD2 is now. Honestly i'm a fan of grinding in games, and maybe that's a personal preference, but if you're one of those people who complain, and on the side plays monster hunter or some other MMORPG, then if you can do that there, then why not here. Please do not give me the Bullsh** that ""Because it's not thesame game"" well give it a Fu***ng chance. It may be repetetive, but so is alot of current F2P models out there, like league. If you can stand playing on thesame map, thesame 3 lanes, and somewhat basically the heroes/champs in dota and lol, then why can't you stand playing different maps, using different strategies, using different stat build, etc. I'm just sad that people would give up on the game just because of small reasons. Love or hate it I guess."
76561198055155939,Recommended,236110,13412536,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dungcart,"For all you who are fans of the origional dungeon defenders or dungeon defenders eternity, this game with be a rollercoaster of nostalgia and wft? For those of you who havent played the previous said games, this will be a fun, quirky, 3rd person shooter, tower defence that can entertain you for hours. If you do not know, DD2 is a tower defence based on the fact that you must defend your base by using towers from 1 of 4 classes. Each class can place down a vastly differnt set of towers from each other, and so it is highly suggested that you play with other people of different classes (so sorry all of you fellow defenders who would play as the squire and solo every map). Other than placing towers, you are supposed to use your third person shooter skills, that you obviously aquired from Star Wars Battle Front 2, to shoot the enemies and help defend your base. Overall, the main point i want to portray is that DD2 is BALANCED. The towers of every class are really good and helpful (yes, the huntress's traps are REALLY good!), and each class has different attacks and abillities to make every class able to dish out decent damage without the use of towers."
76561198120919951,Recommended,236110,22278144,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Erika,"I played the OG Dungeon Defenders since launch and I put well over 1500 hours into over the years and DD2 does not disappoint. It is extremely addicting and easy to get into. Most tower defense games you just place stuff and go afk for a few min but DD2 makes it incredibly interactive and almost like a tower defense mmorpg. Characters have attacks that feel pretty satisfying. It can work with any playstyle. If you just want to take it easy or cause yourself many hours of frustration, this game will suit your needs. I do recommend playing on easy or normal until you get a good feel for where to place towers. The classes are all very fun and new classes will probably continue to be added. This is the best game to screw around with friends and see how much you can push yourselves."
76561198064518270,Not Recommended,236110,29410437,Posted: 21 January,all,Rage,"Do NOT buy this game, it was good in the vanilla only!"
,Recommended,236110,33932143,Posted: 31 July,all,Monkeyrox,Good Game
,Recommended,236110,16502839,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Enjoyed the first DD quite a bit, but it suffered a bit from gear creep and being flooded with things that took away from just playing the game for fun. DD2 fixes all of that.  More refined, more straight forward. Same type of gameplay with a lot more focus on actually having to take part in combat rather than just allowing your towers to do all the work.For early access, the game is better than many games at release. Only thing its really lacking is content. (more levels, more pets, more item sets, and a few other minor features).Great game to play with a friend or 3. Well programmed, and plays well. You wont need to invest hours each day into it like an mmorpg, but it will still give you some of the progression feeling and advancement that an mmorpg provides, all while being a fun, action oriented game."
,Recommended,236110,21167630,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DeageyOnly,Suh DudeI ♥♥♥♥in love this game its so good and all of this new content just gets me excited i really need to play it waaay more often than i do. Dungeon defenders the orginal was amazing aswell
,Recommended,236110,31802421,Posted: 17 May,all,Senpai 様 | fuckwit.orgy,"Dungeon Defenders 2 is a great game, if I were to rate it I'd give it an 8/10 it mixes Tower Defense and Third Person RP and combines almost perfectly. I've only had 70+ hours of the game but I've only started on 5/13/17 and I am currently writing this review on 5/17/17. The content of the game is quite short but if you're the type of person to just focus on grinding then this game is for you the only problem is after the campaign you'll have quite the trouble of looking into the end game gameplays or rather adjusting to it but it makes your brain work more complex stuff on what strategies to use and adapt and how to counter such measures. The servers a bit buggy to the point of getting annoyed but what can I say? Its still ( and probably still will be ) on development."
76561197971556005,Not Recommended,236110,22025133,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Fyren,"We don't care about non-compete clauses. We care about good games, and lawsuits like Trendy's will require time and energy from both companies that could be better spent on said games.I will not reward this sort of behavior and will recommend against purchasing Dungeon Defenders II."
76561198062877363,Not Recommended,236110,22032617,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CreepRecon  CSGOatse.com,Payed 50 bucks for this game and now it's free... COME ON and it's not even worth that much just. Dungeon Defenders II  is just giving Dungeon Defenders (the first one) a bad reputation.
,Not Recommended,236110,17421438,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"First of all, I wasn't a great fan of the first game, it was kind of bad and it was too ""new generation"" for me. (DLC here, DLC that, this - that).But this one is just utterly crap, seriously, I hope that this developer doesn't actually think they're good because it ain't the case, like 98% of today developers, they don't know how to code, it's too complicated to learn something that you'll have to use to for your career, it's the career you choose but nope, everyone does it so it's all right... Right.But anyway, here ain't the problem, it is not the most unoptimized game ever.It's just that, it is crap, the gameplay is utterly crap, it almost feels like the first game but with few new things, you know, the kind of thing that was called ""expansion"" back in the days?Oh oh, expansions are fine, as long as they are not overpriced and that they actually add content.  Costumes? That should be free, optional, a gift for the players, you don't sell that kind of crap, anyone can use 3D programs and learn, make modding available to us and we'll do it... Oh wait no, of course not, DLCs and microtransactions, right, too incompetent and greedy to put that, right, my bad.Now, for the kiddies that are gonna come and say ""but they have to make money you dumb"".Right, expansions, new games (I said new games, not crap that looks and play like a expansion and a bad one while at it).Why do people even care about costumes and skins anyway? In a game such as Arma, having some camos for your guns and characters, all right but a skin for a game like this or any game that sells you skins? That is actually pretty dumb and if you think the opposite, you must be dumb as hell, is this where the new generation of gaming is going? If that's the case, I honestly don't want to be a part of it, I'll just stick with the older games that were actually good and that actually had real content.54.99 CAD for the Collector's Edition Upgrade which is let's be honest, pure crap.$100 of in-game currency ($130 of total in-game currency)4 Exclusive Hero Costumes4 Tower Skins designed by the Defense CouncilExclusive “Dragonfall Defender” TitleThose guys must be fun... (sarcasm)That's what I call stealing, why having microtransactions in a game like this, a game that you you have to pay 27.99 CAD, yes of course, It's nothing that will makes you stronger, just some outfits and stuff but It's still dumb.Of course we are not forced to buy those but I can't support the fact that I'm stuck with a game where you can buy in-game currency with real money for some stupid costumes that looks like total crap made by some unoriginal teens and for those who looks good, I can't even get them without having to spend real money while I already have spent real money on this game (Dungeon Defenders bundle) which was a big mistake from my part.Also, the game cannot be played offline, It's all on their server which means once they decided to close the server after a while, we won't be able to play this game anymore just for fun which is pretty ridiculous, now, you'll probably say that It is so people won't be able to hack right? Well, people still can hack on a server sided game, It's not that hard when you know what you're doing plus It's just stupid, stop being lazy and make a good anti-cheats system or use VAC with some kind of overwatch, It is not perfect, far away to be, If it detects any kind of modifications or applications that modify stuff, It will gets you a VAC ban so of course It is not perfect but It gets the job done, making the game server sided won't do anything good, people won't want to buy it and you know what they'll do then, I don't need to explain do I?Anyway, not like I'll want to come back on this game since it is pure trash - Just being honest here, facts are facts, if you like this game, that means that you have not played any true games or you are easy to please with anything even if it is crap.It's funny but at the same time It is not, developers think that something is worth that much but for real It is not even worth 9.99$ For example ""$100 of in-game currency ($130 of total in-game currency)""No, just stop it, all of that is not even worth 5$ It's just skins and a few gems that you can use to buy skins with, It is NOT worth 100$ neither 50$, stop it with that crap, It's getting real annoying.They said the same with Evolve, that the game is worth 150$ The game is barely worth 29$ Stop it with that damn crap, it's breaking my balls, all that crap is seriously breaking my balls.Come on, a few worthless skins and in game currency is not worth♥♥♥♥♥♥ stop acting like you guys know everything, you don't know anything about video games neither marketing.Damn developers these days, they're such a nuisance to the video game industry.It takes 7 hours or more to hatch a pet, this is not a simulation or a facebook game, we PC gamers want the best, no phone or console crap.Do you want to know how much it takes time to make a costume? Not very long, two hours at best for a good HD costume.I had lost my characters once, but anyway, it's not like it matters, this game should just be thrown in the trash so the developer/publisher of this game.1.5/10 (I wonder if it even deserves 1.5/10, even not being a fan of Dungeon Defenders, this one is just utterly crap, stay away from it)."
,Not Recommended,236110,20977742,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Zefar,"The game is just so bland and unoriginal.In their previous game each hero actually had a selection of towers to defend with. Here you get 4 for each but expect to only be using like one or two of them.I liked the monk in the first game so I picked him again here. My job is to put up boost auras on each tower and then baby sit them all. My lightning field just doesn't help all that much and it's much better to just boost the mages fire tower.So the strat me and my brother have been using it. Mage shield, mage fire tower and then boost aura. Every single time we played it. Not even the slightest hint of being able to change anything with the setup.It's boring, soul crushingly boring.Also you basically get up the setup on the first and second round and after that it's mainly buffing up the towers.Tl:dr version: Developers added bare minimum in terms of towers and variation and it's making the game pretty damn boring.Get Orc Must Die 1 and 2 if you want a quality Tower Defense game. Some actual planning in those two games."
,Not Recommended,236110,17324480,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Shaft,"At the moment I wouldn't recommend this game.  It's pretty good to me but what renders it a little unplayable is how you actually play it.  To play a level, you much join a server, even if you want to do a singleplayer run.  The servers are very laggy at the moment, with 3+ second delays between when I press a key and actually seeing it in game.  I'm constantly ""teleporting"" due to this server lag and sometimes falling to my death; and the horrible sound I hear when jumping sometimes, just hurts.  I don't like hearing the same sound played multiple times when it should only be played once, but that again is due to server lag.I would recommend the game if there was an option for local games or a singleplayer mode, just something so that people don't have to deal with BS server lag and bad connections to the current servers.Other than that, I like the game so far, but it's a little difficult for me to make much  progress at the moment."
76561198081106491,Not Recommended,236110,22092726,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,siriusbl21,"Can't play this game anymore, because it seems irresponsive and very slow on my computer(over 70% cpu and 2 GB RAM loaded with this) on this point. I don't have super computer, but quite a decent one: 8GB RAM, intel i5-5200U, radeon r9 m375.Before that, I actually enjoyed game for some time, but it got boring for me really quickly. I like endless game mode that will challenge me, but they don't offer it for first 20 or 30 levels of character."
76561197997421698,Not Recommended,236110,17607781,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Kerican,"I want to like this game I do, but for the reasons I liked DD1, I just can't like the game. I know this game is not DD1, but its just missing the aspect of the game that made me love DD1.Everything is now about item drops. I mean why even have levels anymore? In DD1, from the moment you entered the game with a new character, you assinged your first skill point, that character became yours.  In DD2, originally I had to get level 5, to assing spec points. Now they removed that feature, and replaced it with skill sphere. Oh joy another thing that become completely dependant on item drops. Waiting on item drops is what completely bogged down End Game DD1.  Now its all about finding the best items. I just can't get into this game at all.I do like some of the changes, especially to the Hero skills... but overall, its just lost the very thing that I loved about it. Leveling my own character, and creating my own build."
,Recommended,236110,13244515,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,shmamlet,"Still a lot of work needs to be done, a lot of things to polish. But I was surprised when I found out that it's only pre-alpha. Gosh, great job. Wonder what awaits us next. On the whole, I'm glad to pay for early access, it's worth buying. Now I just hope that some of my friends will join me...Overall, the game has changed it's every aspect. It has become different, though remained the same. The atmosphere is magical and charming. And gameplay is quite smooth, actually, both in terms of fps rate and the game process itself. And, what really is importmant to me, the interface is quite intuitive, though still leaves much to be desired. For example - I've set a mouse button for some ability, and on the icon of this ability it says: MouseThumbButton1. That's very cute, but it makes me cry, as I don't want to see THIS running over other icons...But, I still strongly recommend this game. I just hope that offline component will be present in a while..."
76561198005730540,Not Recommended,236110,13325532,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,killerx55,"Having over 400 + hours invested in DD1 i was excited to know that DD2 was on early release. rushed to buy for me and my brother who are avid fans, only for our dreams to be crushed by a gutted and completely different game.Towers - Seem to all be made out of the thinest wet toliet paper one can find, along with having the range of kid trying to toss a bowling ball. Secondly most of the ranged enemies int he game out range most of the tower making it near impossible to focus your attention elese where. The constant baby sitting of your towers is kind of counter-tower defense in my opinion.Mobs - Spear chuckers toss spears for 3 miles away out ranging everything and thier spears appear to be armor penetrating as well. Orge's one shot pretty much everything from towers to heroes.Hero's - Armed with weaksauce weapons, and slightly less damp toliet paper armor, they feel weak and borderline uselss against the bigger mobs you have to take on. No hero stats anymore like in DD1 where you could tune your gear to be DPS or Tower spec.Maps - Made by someone who odviously likes playing hack and slash, and has no knowledge of tower defense games and choke points. Almost all the maps have no good defenseable choke points that some spear chucker or dragon cant just range down from afar.Misc - This might just be me, or the game but it is extremely annoying that in order to choose a differnt difficulty range while playing with other people who are lvling up with you, that you have to leave and enter the starter tavern again, just to set the difficulty again.4/10  - wait for free to play and pray they dont make it Pay to win.Bottom line is, if you loved DD1, dont bother with DD2 unless you like feeling like your at a contant disadvantage."
,Recommended,236110,15565769,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TwitchyKnives,"Posted: 2014-12-19Probably one of the better defense games i played. Was well worth the price if you enjoy this genre of games. And for a ""pre alpha"" this is one polished game. glad to have picked it up during early access.Update: 2015-04-26Developers are constantly keeping up to date with new patches and content, as well as interacting via twitch on upcoming goodies :P This game really is alot of fun with a group of friends or even randoms. It offers that itch i've been looking for.Like i said before it is well worth the money. I realize that the goal of the developers is to make it a free to play which will allow them more options in the future, but currently its in ""pre-alpha"" and im not sure when it'll change to alpha or even beta. so if you think it looks like something you'd like. i'd say go for it. this was my first free to play purchase that i've made. And at first i was like great its going to be free to play, and yet i bought it. But i'd have to wait for this extremely fun defense game to come out.Pros:-Developer Interaction via Twitch-Increasing amount of content-Great art style-Fluid Gameplay-Fun Co-op Experience-Teamwork is essential :P-Current community is greatCons:-Minor bugs (but hey, its pre alpha :D)-Not as much fun solo-Some difficulties/maps almost impossible solo-Currently a small communityUpdate: 2015-07-28Ill be 100% honest. If you played DD1 this game may not be for you. i never played DD1. It seems as though everyone who has, has become disappointed with the turn out of this game so far. i haven't play much as of recently, but being new to the Dungeon Defenders franchise, i really like this game so far. Which probably means i'd love DD1.Its still a great game. Has bugs. Starting to see microtransaction creeping in which no ones a fan of. But so far it has a great community and i like how its turning out. Maybe wait till it goes Free To Play before you give it a shot? but i felt it was worth what i paid."
,Recommended,236110,13270100,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,HuckNasty,"Very fun game.  Few issues I hope are fixed:1. half of the games you join the host is afk, when you go to join a new one you'll re-join the same one half the time. gets annoying.2. after you win a match and everyone hit G, it goes to an overview screen that has an additional countdown that you can't skip - makes each game take longer for no reason.3. no votekick4. green mana seems a little too scarce each round - you're spending it all on repairs and not really able to expand on your towers much.5. gear seems uninteresting.  I'm still wearing lvl 5 gear on my lvl 16 mage due to not finding anything better.This is pre-alpha so i'm not complaining - so far i'm having a blast. Just wanted to note my main issues that I hope get addressed at some point."
,Recommended,236110,13349688,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dreamz,AMAZING 10/10 MUST HAVE GAME OF THE YEAR
76561198090725087,Recommended,236110,13271773,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Nickels,"This game is amazing, do yourself a favor and pick it up!!I played DD1 until my fingers bled on tablet, console, and PC, and now that DD2 is out i couldn't be happier. Everything has been much improved and I can't wait to see what the future updates will bring. The devs are always on point, and seem to really enjoy interacting with the gamers and making improvements based on our feedback. After you buy this game and find out how incredible it is, I urge you to join the DD forums and become a part of their always expanding community. Everyone has always been very friendly, and it's a blast to compare strategies and finally figure out that one tweak to your layouts which makes your defences impenetrable. I love this game, and I know you will too! I hope to see you all online :)"
,Not Recommended,236110,23531697,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,💔G::Love💗Hentai Femdom💗(♥ω♥*),"To new players: at first you will love this game for its graphics and interesting play style. But, this will get old very soon, because this game is very repetitive and there is no challenge to this game. It's a grind fest of a game and very pay-2-win wise at first if you are just starting fresh. To get to end game, it will take you at least a good 300+ hours of grinding if you didn't get carried; at least 200+hours of grinding if you did get carried.To old players: nothing's changed, dont bother with itUpdate after seeing the recent patchIt is completely and utterly pointless to play this game4 original hero buff to the new heros level? HA, what a jokeif you had spent countless hours farming? HA, spend countless hours of refarming allif you didnt have the new heroes and wanted to make do with the original 4? HA good ♥♥♥♥ing luck getting past the paywall w/o farming your♥♥♥♥♥offThis game is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, the devs are just trying to milk the players before they completely drop this game"
,Recommended,236110,15595088,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pman,"This is my first real try an actually review please tell me how I can do better and what you think thanks.I have really enjoyed this game there are four characters to choose from right now the original four from the first huntress, apprentice, squire and monk there are two blank portraits for heroes so hopefully they come out soon and free (it's early access so it better come out free) I would say that if you liked the first one this one is worth getting. So far I've encountered one bug over and over where certain mobs will get stuck on a wall or in a object along the way toward their objective. they just added pets and the first boss for this game hopefully it continues to get awesome updates.Today (the day after I wrote  this -,-) they added pets, a custom shop which you can use ""gems"", which you have to buy with real money, to buy costumes,they also added the first boss in the alpha so far and a sphere system which give your heroes bonuses.Differences from Dungeon DefendersGraphics could be good depending how you feel about itMonsters drop less Mana to build towers with (makes the game a lot harder)Tavern has more than just one shop keeperYou can only have three characters to switch between mid gameLeveling stats, you get to choose passive type things instead of stats for your hero/towersThe main objectives you have to protect are more than just crystals plus you have sub objectives to protect which keep extra spawns from openingHero combat is a lot funner than it use to beYou can move around and fight while building, repairing and upgradingPets are dropped as eggs and you have to wait eight hours for them to hatch (one at a time)can level your pets with pet food and having them earn xpIn game currency bought with real money called ""gems"" can be used to buy costumes right nowMonsters will get stuck behind each other messing up lanes (hopefully fixed soon)You have to use your hero in combat some monsters can out range your towers so if you don't do anything they will get destroyedOverall it has an enjoyable experienceYou can watch my video on it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5BcDnwGa4U&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,236110,22177710,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Panda6100,"Not a very good sequel since all it does is make me want to play DunDef1 instead.Half the buildings have been removed.What little is left has been dumbed down into hitscan peeshooters.Whatever amount of difficultly and actually unique tower defence gameplay from DunDef1 is entirely gone.Bascially just get DunDef1 instead, this is NOT DunDef.BUT HEY, WE GOT ON THE MOBA TRAIN, TOTALLY WORTH IT RIGHT?"
,Recommended,236110,14310955,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mikefield Salviae,"Looking for out-of-the box game that has features of a Hack n'Slash, MMORPG and Tower Defense? This is the game for you! It is casual (but rewards those who put their time into playing it), it has excellent equipment system with amazing variety, decent hero progression and a lot of tactical planning. You can play it solo (it allows you to create your own ""party"" of heroes), with friends or with some random people.Despite it being an alpha version, the game is perfectly playable and offers hours and hours (and hours) of content. Constant updates keep the game balanced and add lots of content. It's very intuitive (apart from map selection but well, it's an alpha after all), the engine is solid and the game as-such is quite nicely balanced. It's definitely worth supporting. The only comparably good Tower Defense game I have ever played is its predecessor, Dungeon Defenders 1."
76561198011516539,Not Recommended,236110,22186985,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Phantasma,"This game is garbage compared to the original Dungeon Defenders. I have 175 hrs into this game already, uninstalled it and will not look back, and I still have like $30 worth of gems or whatever but I don't even care anymore. Game was just NOT FUN. I gave it more time, waiting update after update, game play didn't improve at all. Not sure what they can do at this point to fix this game. If they made something similar to DD1, I might come back, but holy crap I am disappointed with this.EDIT 3/1/2017I decided to install the game shortly before this new update because it sounded VERY interesting. I was actually enjoying the game again to my surprise, and was eagerly waiting for the update. Turns out, I had my hopes up too high and the update pretty much ruined the game for me again. No tower range, super grindy now in order to get ascension levels, crappy UI, bugs all over the place. I don't get it, why take away tower range? It doesn't feel like tower defense anymore, it's just running around with your hero and trying to kill stuff before your walls get taken down. Yep I am aware of the range shard you can get. Why make it a shard if everyone is going to need to slot it in their towers?  That's like something mandatory that they felt like removing for no reason. Towers became useless, traps useless, they just get runned over by the siege roller, attack aura useless, same deal with traps. Hey at least the walls are good. So stupid, uninstalled again. Maybe gonna wait another year and try again to see if they fix the game for real."
76561198058763123,Recommended,236110,14421803,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,RuneLordsGaming,"Love the game, cant wait for it to come out of beta"
,Not Recommended,236110,25854363,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FratBoiMix,"The game is now far too difficult to play through. NO STRATEGY INVOLVED AT ALL, just ""oh we'll just make a game with loads of monsters."" Oh and 2-3 bosses in the 3rd level is insanely hard and there is no normal. Like I said, no strategy involved with the game, the developers at first said they wanted people to buy the game, and now it's ftp. I don't have many friends to play with and would prefer soloing the game instead of playing with randoms, which is fine and you can do, just not anymore.I cannot recommend this game to people who want to solo through a game."
,Recommended,236110,15631963,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,KITAキタ(ง⌐■╭╮■)ง,This is a Extremely exciting tower defence game that is amazingly well made even for a pre-alpha it definitely has great potential and i would recommend buying it if you enjoy duegeon hack n slash with tower defence elements
76561197975460570,Not Recommended,236110,22109189,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Talisar,"I played both this game and the first one for a fairly short time each.  The gameplay got old for me fairly quickly, but it seemed to be a game that could be a decent time killer and could maybe grow in scope.However, with the recent actions of the developers of this game with regards to what it regards as it's competition, I can honestly say that I will in no way support anything that they put out, and I encourage others to do the same.  If they are worried that another game is providing too much competition, they should focus on improving their own game instead of tearing down another.  Bad show, Trendy."
76561198059104213,Recommended,236110,18460112,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mr. Very Unlucky,I love this game and would like to be playing it more but the load times were less then optimal and now that its free to play i dont know how the severs are going to handle it
76561198165172839,Recommended,236110,13298022,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HolaHolaGetADola,"Dis game, just...JUST PURE AWESOMENESS (with alot of glitches!)"
,Recommended,236110,13301024,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"Considering it is at Pre-Alpha the game is pretty good and kindda balanced.I have high expectations on when it will launch as free, right now we have too few people on the servers, meaning that when you get to higher levels it will only get lonelier.Other than that pretty good game atm!Have a try"
76561198142424002,Not Recommended,236110,13671569,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ktwoboarder,"First of all, I understand this is pre-alpha and a lot of the things I dislike about it might be fixed. However I don't think that will change how I feel about the game, and here's why.I played DD1, and there are a lot of similarities. The problem is there's nothing new and exciting enough to draw me to playing DD2 instead of DD1. The four main classes are all basically the same with a few differences, but nothing has changed in their mechanics or the way you play them.Combos between towers show a lot of promise, but that alone isn't enough. All this work for building a new game seems like a waste of time to me if it's basically the same game."
,Recommended,236110,13710807,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mellow_-,Very Good Very Nice I like it
76561198074494418,Not Recommended,236110,30243442,Posted: 28 February,all,Grove12,"Feb 28th update somehow mad the UI worse, and it was barley functional to begin with. Not worth getting into anymore when the devs just take anything fun and ruin it, while being in chat but unwilling to help anyone."
76561198067648820,Not Recommended,236110,22258900,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SnivicVS,Borderline Pay 2 Win. enough said.
,Recommended,236110,15683503,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DM,"Hollllyyyyy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is soooo ggggoooooddddAt this moment (5/4/2015) it's still in its early access stages, but I've been having a ton of fun with it. It doesn't have the dlc support the first game has (yet) but the levels are vivid and well designed even when compared the prior installments Generally good level design.As well, the classes seem far more balanced and rounded than they were in the first game, while still each providing a unique set of tools to bring to the table that makes for a different play experience in every class."
76561198028850877,Recommended,236110,14701695,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Michael Scott,Really fun
,Recommended,236110,13300360,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,im actually depressed,its great swag
,Recommended,236110,15640146,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PRINCY,IF U WANT A CHEAP GOOD CARTOONY CO-OP GAME THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!
,Not Recommended,236110,20898998,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,lil mop,paid $30 and then it became f2p
76561198036150196,Recommended,236110,13273323,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,FragPotatoe7,Fantastic! Great improvments all round on known DD1 issues
76561198138439974,Recommended,236110,23206519,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,noamstero,This is a great game I enjoy it a lot. it is more of an mmo than its predecessor but the overall feel while quite different still feels like dungeon defenders definitely a 10/10 for me.
76561198156819096,Recommended,236110,15642036,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Korra,good games pc :D
76561198051724274,Recommended,236110,15609034,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,fatalchemist,"First off, I am recommending the game as long as you don't suffer the same fate as me.When this games decides to work it is a fun game to play and hits the mark just as well as DD1 does with a few tweaks and changes here and there.My only setback is that having owned the game since December 14 2014, I have only maneged to put 16 hours of the play into the game, as they have a serious bug with there launcher window not wanting to correctly load the play button even with the few topics i have found with fixes most of them don't seem to work. (at time of writing I've been without a play button for 6 days).But as I have said when the game works it is a fun game and the launcher problem doesn't seem to affect everyone or seem as bad as mine is."
,Recommended,236110,13592508,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,proud kebab,pretty good for a pre-alpha game
76561198067387987,Not Recommended,236110,23887119,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,elderfish,"I paid twelve dollars for what I was hoping would be a worthy successor to Dungeon Defenders. Returning to this game half a year or so later has revealed it has become a free to play game that has locked  content (such as new heros)  behind paywalls. This game might be fine for a free to play game, but I'd like my twelve dollars back considering the developers have abandoned decency and are trying to nickle and dime their playerbase out of more cash. A good portion of that playerbase has already paid for this game and should not have in game content locked away from them."
,Recommended,236110,14285042,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,TigerHawkins,"I personally have not played the first Dungeon Defenders game, but I put a ton of hours into Dungeon Defenders Eternity, and saying I enjoyed the experience is an understatement. For something in Pre-Alpha, the amount of development that has happened in this game is extremely exceptional. What you get out of the game depends on what you put into it, and to be perfectly honest, I feel like I have put a decent amount into it.Compared to Dungeon Defenders Eternity, this game offers a variety of ways to play, since one aspect I particular enjoy is the synergy that certain defenses can undergo with one another. To name a few, There is the Geyser/Storm Combo, which can keep certain targets in place (some argue the combo is broken, but I could not care less on that point), and another combo is something I call Magic Shatter (people may call it something else) where you freeze a target, then send it airborne. The result is when they come back down, the target shatters, most of the time instantly killing it. The point is unlike in DDE, The defenses all seem to have a particular place, and do not seem to make any single tower worthless. (except for maybe the Squire's Training Dummy)The gear in Dungeon Defenders 2 is already extremely versatile , with unique abilities to a certain item type that can greatly improve a player's performance, meanwhile in DDE, gear just improved tower and player stats directly. An example of some gear affixes are improving a specific tower performance, such as ""Increased Flameburst Tower damage by 5.03%"" making the item effectively an apprentice ideal item to improve his flameburst tower damage. This allows items to cater to specific classes, and once again improving the depth of the tower and also the character. There are some rarer mods that are extremely significant, so if you want to get truly powerful items, you have to be ready to hunt for them to get the best performance. Another thing I believe is improved compare to DDE is that gear is still able to be leveled, but leveling gear does not break the game as hard as it did in DDE. When you upgrade items, the stats will go up by a fixed amount every time, unlike in DDE, where the amount that the stat will increase is dependent on the stats the item had when it spawned.The next thing I will address is the leveling system. The leveling system itself is pretty straight forward, you get experience by completing waves and defeating enemies, as well as completing certain conditions to gain fixed experience points and gold. That is pretty standard, but it's a good system. The thing that I believe that DD2 has done amazingly is that instead of being able to allocate points to character and tower stats directly as a result of leveling up, the character and tower stats go up automatically, and once you reach level 5, you gain 2 points that you can put into passive skills to improve your characters performance in a series of ways. For example, the Squire is able to place points into an ability that gives his spike barricades a chance to stun enemies when they attack targets. The more points you put into a skill, the more effective it becomes. As you put more points in, the results will have diminishing returns, so a player can decide when enough is enough, and begin skilling other abilities. Furthermore, you can completely respec your skills for free at any time, so long as you are not in the middle of a wave, allowing you to test out various builds and find a setup that suits you. Each character has 6 skills you can invest in.The next thing I will address is the enemies. A few of the classic enemies make their return, goblins, orcs, wyverns, etc. The enemies still come from a variety of spawn points, where a variety of enemies will come out of each one. Those enemies were great in DDE, and most of them return in DD2. The enemy cast also expands, offering new challenges to overcome. One particular subject that has received mixed criticism is that some enemies have the ability to attack towers from outside of the common tower's attack ranges. This makes the game a bit more of a puzzle, due to the fact that unlike in DDE, tower ranges can't be increased to such an obscene level to counter absolutely everything that the map may throw at you. This does not break the game, there are still measures that the player can take to manage the various enemies, both old and new.The final subject I will touch on is the Co-op play. I never went to public taverns and went looking for people to play with, so I won't comment too much on public matchmaking, but I have friends I have played with, and this game is just as awesome in Co-op as it is in solo play. If you have friends that you know and can communicate with, the experience is far more satisfying. The enemies will scale with the number of party numbers, both in health and overall difficulty, making it a perfect game to either play solo, or bring in some of your friends to go beat down the Old One's armies.To conclude, for a game in its Pre-Alpha state, I believe this game is exceptional, and will go far. The devs are working to update the game, listening to feedback, and working to balance the game. Some things in the game still need fixing, some things still need to be balanced, but the game is still very young, and I am certain it will develop into a memorable classic. It will turn into a F2P at launch, but to be perfectly honest, I don't mind having paid for the game. I'm actually glad to have paid, because it's a way people can say ""thank you"" to the creators, especially since the game will be free at launch unless something changes that. In a nutshell, if you enjoyed the first Dungeon Defenders, I would assume you would enjoy DD2, the same holds true for Dungeon Defenders Eternity."
76561197999043237,Recommended,236110,13331001,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,StumpyMcWhiskey™,Good game but there are pros and consCons: sometimes the game doest load properly but that is an early alpha issueyou cant open all the chests on the map like you could in DD1the hero manager and forge are now seprate (bad im my eyes)less mana dropscant upgrade tower rangePros: new currancysplit mana from skills and build mananew upgrading system looks fantasticthe knight now has a shieldthe levels are nice the get harder as you progresseasy join in jump out system for friendsloot chests at the end of the level
76561198066299204,Recommended,236110,13326937,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,{OvO} Drake,"Dungeon Defenders II is just as addicting as the first. As of 12/12/14, it still needs a little bit of work."
76561198064494840,Not Recommended,236110,13409445,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,hyprkev5,"I have not played much i have only played the first 2 maps. I dont think the ememies are hard enough and the levels are not creative. the maps form the first dungeon defenders were awesome. even the first map i didnt get bored with. I want to see more creativity and harder levels and enemies. In the first dd you gave us an oger to fight, i want to see more of that. I know you can create a great game because you have in the past. Also let me level up my character and equipment. I also dont like the coins, I do however like the mana system in the first game. it was simple and i need mana to build towers but also build my character. if you didnt want to spend mana in game you could save it for your character. I also do not like the chest in this game bring back the looting system from the first one or change the one you have now. the first game looting system worked so much better. Like i said before i need to keep playing but i dont not know how i like it so far. A lot more disappointments then likes. I would not recommend this game yet."
76561198075280222,Recommended,236110,22313890,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Depression,"At first the game was literally a worst version of DD with less towers, less heroes, more basic maps and quite slow progression, however update after update I've come on to play it and always thought ""oh they finally added this and that"" an dsince the last update where you can easily level your heroes and swap in the middle of a fight to use nice combos like Squire slam then the mana explosion with your Mage to feel like your entire deck is yuor main hero instead of one. They've listened to us when we asked to bring back stat upgrades, the pet system is superior to DD, they're still adding new maps, they've improved weapon depth, it finally feels like all the qualities of DD are being shown and the developers are still working on it. To call the game as good as DD now would be a stretch but to say it shows promise is for sure."
76561198048813903,Recommended,236110,15607916,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Jerlo,"oh how i love those times when i bought the game for over $60 and the next day it has an offer and becomes $40 thanks....really wish there is a refund system. It was literally 2 months of my savings, im only a student and in order to save that much i have to not eat in school at all so why now...of all times."
76561198082908091,Recommended,236110,15669248,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SexuallyConfusedMoonMan,I played the last game and for being in pre-alpha stage this a great game 8-10.
76561198057986226,Recommended,236110,22433879,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,PutinYourPlace,"I got this game in pre-alpha as soon as it was released on steam since the first one was such a great game. When I got it, I immediatley saw that the second one had the potential to be even better. Vastly improved combat and lots of potential. As the game has developed it has not really tapped into the spirit of the first one. The maps make tower placement predictable, the upgrade systems are terrible (for bothe gear and hero), the heroes seemed all to similar without many unique elements, the tower options have been reduced, and the levels are very unchallenging. I still see the potential for this to surpass the orignal but I won't be holding my breath. Trendy would need to redo basically every single map because all but a couple are really boring, give every class an extra ability, do more to make sure every ability is unique, make it more of a tower defence game with rpg elements instead of an rpg game with tower defence elements, among many many changes.*Edit*I changed my review to recomended do to recent updates. The indoar/outdoar tavern was an excellent idea (inside the building is private outside is public) and many new and interesting shopkeepers have been added. The basework for even more RPG elements is their (gate to outside among other things) and could help solve the bland endgame problem. The new harbringer boss fight reminded me of DD1 in how interactive it was. The boss used various attacks and actually sucked you into a platformer type world that you had to escape. The map was still merely avergae (better than some of the other maps; I actually had to consider my tower placement and actually reconsidered at one point. It's not great but an improvment). The new class adds interesting strategy options and really revitalizes the game. You can buy him with real money or unlock him in-game. This should not be an in-game advantage but due to balance issues it is. Once these issues are fixed (which I'm sure they will be the character was just released) it will be more pay to explore more options than pay to win. The endgame still lacks a 'fun' element as it is still just re-doing the early game with higher stats on everything and the map design is, for the majority, still bland (DD1 maps are being added so that is changing) but overall this game is looking up. I wouldn't pay for it in its currewnt state but I definitley would pick it up for free and stick around to see if the devs keep on improving the game (instead of doing what they had been doing before). Overall with the past three (big) updates my mood about the game really changed - I'm now hopeful.There have been some allegations about workplace misconduct from multiple Trendy higher ups but please don't let that stop you from getting the game. Your not 'helping' Trendy employees by boycotting the company and making it go bankrupt. On the plus side it looks like Trendy is improving their workplace standards.Please stop complaining about Trendy sueing that company. A dev for that game violated a policy and they legitamately do have a reason to sue. I don't think Ark fans are going to buy tower defence games and I don't think DD2 fans are going to Ark so I don't really think It's about stopping competition.I don't see why people are rating the company in the game review section. Please stop.Overall the game is improving but a lot of my points before the edit still stand so I left them up.*End Edit*Please stop complaining about it now being free to play. Trendy had openly released when I bought it (and remeber I bought it as soon as it went on steam) that it was going to be free to play. They did do a data wipe but all the paid for content stayed so I don't see what the complaints over a screwed up busness model are. Trendy has been extremly open through the whole process.Overall it is a pretty bland game, not without potential, but I cannot see the potential of the game being reached. The first one didn't really need much improving anyway so I'll just keep playing that one."
76561198114388376,Recommended,236110,15071179,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,AceWolf456,"Take it from me I have (Look under my name) Hours played, and I am writing this at 130.9 hours. Very good game and HIGHLY recomend it if you like tower defense games, an awesome community and RPG elements. The devs have been active from hour one. No, not hour one of when I play, but hour one from the idea of this game. But for real, the game, community, and devs are all amazing. Keep it up Trendy!"
76561198002961331,Recommended,236110,15614405,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Xynum,awsome game good smooth gameplay and real nice ppl who play iti love it
,Recommended,236110,13835147,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Badjaskeizer,"This franchise has made sooo many improvements if you look back at DD1 and DDE.Just look at gameplay and see the graphic improvements, just great job to the designers.The gameplay and loot development is also already pretty well done if you realise this game isnt even out yet, it is in pre-alpha and i have had only a few minor bugs which will be easily fixable.Although this game will be F2p later on (waaaaay later on) i ecommend taking the game right now since you will become addicted anyway once it gets out and get experienced will the new combo's and mobs!^^"
,Recommended,236110,13313344,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Nooschwander,I hope my friends buy it and we can play together again. I'm so lonely.
,Recommended,236110,13853856,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,hokon86,I want a mac version!
,Not Recommended,236110,21030872,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,UltiPengz,"Lacks what I expected, bought near the beginning of it's release. A few short months later, I was left with a free game that I wouldn't enjoy touching on, with only 4 hours I don't have a majority when it comes to hours yet I feel the game needs more to fit what I expect. With it being free I can see people playing the game as it fits a titles like this, yet it doesn't compare to the greatness I experienced from it's predecesor. - Pengz ;["
,Recommended,236110,16919926,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MisterListerTheSisterFister,"It feels like this game is having an idenity crisis at times, DD2 was supposed to be a moba but they scrapped it. And now its a dungeon defenders game with mobile game elements (you have to wait for your pets to hatch and you have to sacrifice items to make items stronger) where as in dungeon defenders 1 you didn't have to wait for your pet to hatch and you could upgrade your weapons with mana (the in-game currency)I am glad that they are taking the communitys feedback about what to put in their game though, if you look on the dungeon defenders 2 website you will see that they are putting up polls on what people want in the game. I am sure this game will come out great, but in its current state it feels lack luster (as expected from an early access game)So far, DD2 looks pretty nice. Great colors, great animations and fun towers and weapons to mess around with."
,Recommended,236110,13821528,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Baddy,10/10 I can put a fedora on a nerdy wizard with a joke about drinking cheap beer on it
76561198039399209,Recommended,236110,15721282,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Raserei,The best ARPG/TD hybrid game out there! Do yourself a favor and buy it!
,Recommended,236110,22376796,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Stacy,Best game ever made.
,Recommended,236110,14508183,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MORFLLEH,"Great TD game i've ever played, i hope there is offline / LAN mode, just like torchlight 2"
,Recommended,236110,19700456,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Grim,"Early Access Review.Great sequel that is shaping to be as awesome as the first. Also, the F2P model should (in theory) be a better platform for this type of game, as the (overwhelming) DLC in DD1 fractured the community, which should not occur in DD2 as long as updates stay free and only cosmetics cost money.Pros:Completely F2P - no P2W hereGreat artstyle & fun gameplayPlayer hub redesign greatly improved form previous versionsHoliday events are frequentCons:Store items are very expensiveSome modes are very grindy / boring (Onslaught)Does not support all resolutions (no native support for 2560x1600)Inviting friends to games sometimes gives an error (happens too frequently)I can easily recommend DD2, but instead of taking my word for it - download and jump in game. Its free, so give it a shot!"
,Recommended,236110,19562320,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,🐀,- Replayability- Great fun with my friends- Looks like a disney movie- Goblins look like they are from Pathfinder
,Recommended,236110,13312248,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,PuncakesssR,"Its a DD game, is there any other reason NOT to buy it :D"
76561198068551067,Recommended,236110,13602335,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EliteNog,i reccomend this game but i have a question about the apprentice if anyone can answer is. Does the apprentice have more then 1 ball when you shoot your staff? because so far and im not in the game that much but i havent seen one person yet have more then 1ball as an apprentice to shoot balls out of your staff
,Recommended,236110,18472484,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[Shake&Bake Corps]Thndr,"Good game, if you liked the original this is worth playing for the old Early Access fee, let alone Free (which it just updated to)All the DLC currently is cosmetic stuff, so you gotta play to get good equipment.What's the worst that could happen? (beside crippling addiciton)"
,Not Recommended,236110,30255954,Posted: 28 February,all,┏(--)┛۞┗۞(۞-۞-۞)۞┓┗(-_-)┛,"Last patch absolutely ruined the game for me and my friends, rather play something else."
,Recommended,236110,13530700,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TangibleApparatus,"The first two days I had this game I had about 38 hours on it. This is just as addicting as DD1 for me, but it IS STILL LACKING but I wouldn't expect anymore from a game in PRE-ALPHA I mean wow. This game Lacks diversity but it'll all come soon, after watching some of the Dev Streams I see what I'm going to expect and I am really excited I recommend this game not to DD1 players but people who want to take a new outlook on Tower Def. Games and Strat games because you're going to need a different point of view than in DD1 imo."
76561198046043201,Recommended,236110,22102511,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,christian.fuellbrandt,"Hi,this is my first Review on a Game ever on Steam and I post it because I care about the future of this game. Many recent Reviews are posted because of a company lawsuite and not because they really played the game (Game played 0-2h is not really worth giving a Review and its shady that they can...). I just don't want the game to become a rating ""mixed"" or ""not positiv"" because of a company decision rather than on reviewing the game itself...I enjoyed playing in the past and I will play it again in April, when the next big patch hits the game.It is a good successor of DD1 and I really enjoyed playing DD1 too. It is free to play and you can't pay 2 win your way through it. It gets updated on a regular basis and with the April patch it will leap some more steps towards the direction of a worthy successor of DD1.Happy gaming.Fuelli"
,Recommended,236110,22603090,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Casefy,"This game is a great second to its original. DD2 has taken the basic ideas of DD1 and created the best tower defense possible with the help of all of their loyal followers. This game is only in Beta and it already has so many features. They are working on adding new heroes beyond the original 4 and theri abilities have improved from DD1 to DD2. The only thing I'm disappointed in is the lack of story behind the levels as of now, but it is only in early access. Overall it is developing nicely with the steam community and I would recommend it to any fans of tower defense games."
76561198247796582,Recommended,236110,25453841,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ArexGamingYT,i want this game on xbox one plz
,Recommended,236110,15199567,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Moshi csgonecro.com,gr8 game gr8 developers gr8 review
76561197972158027,Recommended,236110,19704695,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ABSOLUTESTUD19,"I've been playing the game since early in pre-alpha.  I have almost 800hrs played.  That amount of time invested in this game speaks for itself.  The game is great, as well as the development team.  They continually look for feedback from the playerbase which continues to grow.  Anyone interested in tower defense, action RPG, or loot based games will find something to love about this game.  There is loads of customization both in gameplay as well as character appearances.  The game has now gone free2play, so I think there are no excuses not to give this game a go.  New content and patches have kept the game fresh and I always look forward to seeing how the game evolves.  Keep up the great work Trendy."
76561198064227462,Recommended,236110,13327163,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,细雨坠 AnenFairy 细雨坠,"Its pretty fun! Its like a MOBA COOP PVE with RPG elements and loot... Its weird and its fun, It gets pretty challenging and its pretty fun because of that. Its also worth mentioning that you can play Single player incase you're into that, You'll just set up a Private Match. Theres really not much else to say as its still in early access but I definitely Recommend it - Great fun!"
76561198133755367,Recommended,236110,21001182,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PhoenixKracken,Best Game Ever. PLz support.
,Not Recommended,236110,25638654,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mega-Hamster,"Sadly the second installment on this series does not capture the spirit of the first game.Gone are the days of going from zero to hero and slicing through waves of enemies. What has replaced it is a grindfest of the dull, stale and tedious kind that embodies modern free-to-play games.I still have hopes that the devs will turn things around as there is potential in the game but there has been more focus on costumes (sound more expensive than AAA titles) and other trivia instead of fixing the currently broken mechanics.Go play the original until this game has matured or died."
,Not Recommended,236110,25644470,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,KillerBartender,Just not very interesting.
76561198144928587,Recommended,236110,13698555,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Amin_Faze,"great game!!! extremely cool towers and fun time, i have the game but its quite empty so far, what this game needs is endless more, or else its useless to upgrade anywhere close to lvl5, but its quite fun to collect epics and mythicals, would recomend, 10/10"
,Recommended,236110,15603101,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Insight,"Games still in very early access, so don't expect pure perfection just yet. The game is going in the correct direction though with updates"
76561198069969396,Not Recommended,236110,23840668,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,badda,i like this game alot the only issue i have with it is its a pay to win game
,Recommended,236110,16548598,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sorenthaz,"Early Access Review So Far (As of June 20th):Fans of the first Dungeon Defenders should enjoy this quite a bit, as well as anyone looking for a game that mixes the strategy of tower defense games with fast paced action from a third-person perspective.Since it's in Early Access, not everything is quite in the game yet and there's a lot coming down the pipeline.  However, it's in a very playable state right now and you should get plenty of hours out of this in its current state.   Plus you get some bonuses for supporting Trendy early.From the get-go you're thrown into the Tavern, which is essentially an online lobby where you'll gather with other players and will be able to manage your inventory, pets, buy costumes, etc.  You can choose to create a private offline game if that's your preference, but currently it makes you go through the online Tavern to do so.   Otherwise you queue up for a match and let matchmaking do its thing.Combat overall feels much more fluid and fast-paced compared to the original DD1, where swinging/firing weapons often felt a bit wonky or sluggish.   Structure building is very much similar to DD1, but now there are actually some really great synergies between class structures, such as the Huntress's water geyser combining well with the Monk's eletricity aura due to the water increasing vulnerability to electric damage.    Not only that, but your character actually has more of a presence on the field, at the cost of defensive structures not quite being as powerful from the getgo.  In other words, you can't simply sit back and AFK while your defenses do all the work.   Over time you potentially can if you invest your stats into defense power and so on, but I personally like that each class is actually required to fight on the field alongside their defenses.Progression is similar-ish to DD1 in that you gain levels and better gear throughout play.  Higher levels unlock new areas and greater rewards.  There are also challenges and various collections you can do which add a bit of incentive to doing various things.   Overall it's pretty similar to how things go in DD1.While the F2P model isn't fully fleshed yet of course, it so far seems to be pretty modest.  Currently the only things you can buy are extra inventory space (which honestly if you keep on top of inventory management then you should be just fine - you have 4 bags to start off with) and cosmetic clothing.  Some of the clothes come with accessories that you can actually unlock alternative styles for with enough experience gained from playing.  It's a small but neat little concept in my opinion.   If you read the Early Access FAQ though, you'll see that they only ever plan on selling cosmetics and side-things that NEVER grant gameplay advantages.   The only real downside is that you can't customize your character's colors.  Not yet, anyway.Just remember that the game will go F2P at launch, so purchasing it right now is more if you really want to get into it and support Trendy in the process.   Not only that but it'll give you the ability to put votes into what features you want to see put into the game.All-in-all, I'd say it's worth picking up and checking out.   If you liked Dungeon Defenders 1, you'll likely love this just the same."
,Recommended,236110,16626546,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jamie Lee the Almighty,"This game is really fun, especially if you have friends who'd also get this. If you don't have friends, there's a matchmaker too! Reviewing this in early access, there was a bug where units would spawn and block each other on their pathway leading into battle, not allowing anybody to hit them. After a few minutes, they gradually freed themselves except for the last unit, who died standing there. At least it doesn't break the game, and it's only happened once. The game is loads of fun, and I highly recommend it while on sale in its current state. There's still more that needs to be done, but it's definitely at least a fun, playable game."
,Recommended,236110,16977507,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Delicious Fists,Keeping the game fresh is great i cannot wait until more things get implemented. This game could however turn into  a terrible game for no reason like we have seen in early access before. But i have faith as it seems the developers talk regulary with the community which is something more developers need to do.
,Recommended,236110,23047885,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,๖ۣۜPhoenixX,"Decent Game, Since the beginning there has been plenty of changes.It seems they finally found their course and it seems to be heading in the right direction.For a casual player very fun ,  Not much of an endgame for the hardcore player mind you.Plenty of different style of builds, they plan to release a bunch of new classes which is nice butagain, if there isnt an end game once your geared your bored.Bringin in a server browser which will be nice.Will see what happens in the future"
,Not Recommended,236110,22259904,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lifeless,"game is pretty good if you like pay walls after you buy the game, oh did i mention that its still alpha.if you remove the pay walls its like a 8/10with the pay wallls, 4/10"
76561198033416503,Recommended,236110,17291873,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Vinyl Wookie™,"Greater Longer Lasting Gameplay, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,236110,14532191,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Manny Catterson,Do you have controller support yet?  (I actually am fully knowledgeable on how long something like that would take)You could have done it about 4-5 times by now.
76561197995932583,Recommended,236110,18406081,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mikbane,"After playing dungeon defenders 1 for a couple hundred hours or so, i was very saatisfied with the game it was. I enjoyed the combat, the towers, and the aspects of each map.After playing 3 maps from dungeon defenders 2, i have learned that the combat has more depth to it, the towers are much more interesting(especially upgrading them) and the map aspects are better as well. The character upgrading also has been upgraded tremendiously. With a much more polished feel and still in alpha i am excited to see what the game has to offer as i level up.So far i am thoroughly impressed, and although i haven't gotten into the more complicated aspects of the game i am willing to say i know it is a beautiful second version of an already amazing game!"
76561198084123356,Recommended,236110,16542864,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gh03t224,"fun game and a little bit like the first game but with better maps, weapons and armor(i just wish it had controller support)"
,Recommended,236110,14053844,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Felix,"I totally love this game. I bought it without knowing anything about it. Never played any of the dungeon defenders. I bought it cause my first impressions of the game was how well the graphics are, then I started playing the game! I'm now totally hooked! I can not stop playing this game. Everything about it is amazing. Graphics/gameplay/interface/leveling/loot the lot. Its good. Everyone will have fun playing this game! Well worth every penny!"
76561198009354384,Recommended,236110,16709691,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Igloo,Buy it !!!!
76561198170159958,Recommended,236110,17259722,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,mrdownut49,catarang to the rescue
,Recommended,236110,20636461,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Hackbaws,"Dungeon Defenders II is easily, hands down, my second favorite game EVER, only being bested by Dungeon Defenders I. I'm not going to be that guy that says Dungeon Defenders II is a bad game because it isn't as good as the first game of the series, as Dungeon Defenders II is still in development, meaning it will get new story, characters, mechanics, and become a better game over all. So, to the point, I definately recommend this game, and for a couple reasons too.1) Loot, loot, and more loot. I personally LOVE loot mechanics to games, even just looking at an items stats and comparing it to another item in every single way.2) This game is fun to play by your self, and playing with your friends, I've played this game mostly by my self, as most of my friends weren't too into the game, which was kind of disapointing, but I've been having fun with this game by my self ever since.I would give a con list of sorts, but I honestly can't think of anything bad about the game.So overall 11/10, would let my friends ditch me to play COD Black Ops III again."
,Recommended,236110,14787174,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,CobraStrike,"What are you doing in the comments? This game is amazing! With frequent updates, DD2 is only set for success. Download today!"
,Recommended,236110,22241808,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ghastly HaL,It's a guilty pleasure of mine and a few friends. Hopefully the update tomorrow adds more content than just a new character.
76561198147611027,Recommended,236110,21430647,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Edward,It's a really addicting AWSOME tower defence game! :D
,Not Recommended,236110,21532050,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Thec-NiqueMan,"Forget what you loved about DD1, this game is unfinished and will never be. It's just sucking cash out of players."
,Recommended,236110,14053124,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Rykari,This franchise has always been fun and it looks like the second will not dissapoint. Great fun social coop game at a reasonable price. 110% worth it.My only little niggle about the game is that it feels like a revamp of the original. That said however any fans of the first should not be put off as many elements of the game have been refreshed in a way that builds upon the flaws of the last. The game and my play through is early days however even in this prototype stage of development I find myself impressed with the developers of this game. I'm glad that one of the few games I really enjoy has such a great team working on it.
,Recommended,236110,22102600,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Undead_Steve,"I don't leave many reviews, but I've sunk enough hours into this game that I feel compelled to tell you: you need to try this game out. It's by far one of the best free games on Steam. And if you try it out and aren't wild about it, or if you have already tried it once and didn't like it, submit your feedback and try it again in a few months. The game isn't perfect right now, it's still in Alpha, but what DD2 has going for it that few games do is an extremely talented and dedicated team who actually listen to feedback and continually improve the game by leaps and bounds. Give it a shot and be a part of seeing this great game develop!"
,Not Recommended,236110,19255501,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Norton,I paid for it and now it's free?! This was clearly crowdfouned while it wasn't advertised as it.
76561198041276637,Not Recommended,236110,29090450,Posted: 7 January,all,Ponyz,"Solo play is no more, the Siege Roller removed it.Unless you can find a group (good luck) to help you grind out the broken monk gear so you can solo kill the Siege Roller and restore solo play.Let me know when Siege Roller has been removed or rebalanced so we don't need to Grind out some broken monk build to enjoy the game."
76561197994290469,Recommended,236110,14334581,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pritam-G,WATCH OUT!!!!Before you know ; ADDICTEDGreat game really(even in pre-alpha)
76561197967017892,Not Recommended,236110,29174506,Posted: 10 January,all,twitch.tv/probro330,NO Split Screen / Co Op
76561198078603218,Recommended,236110,13324235,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,starkravingmad,"I think for being pre-alpha that its very fun. Yes they have alot to add and do but it is nice that the company knew that alot of us wanted to get involved with this project.I think if you loved DDF1 you will love DDF2, it supports the dev team and it is fun watching the game come together as you play.I would recommend this game and have bought it for friends."
76561198014292777,Recommended,236110,13418532,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[bd]Figel,"Definitely still in Alpha, but pretty darn fun. Not as good as the first one yet, but it will be, soon as soon."
76561198103413315,Recommended,236110,13431775,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sack'O'Cats,"Absolutley awesome, very balancee although it is bugy but it is pre alpha.9.5/10"
,Recommended,236110,13325728,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,okeefe54,This game is like the first onw with new towers and powers. If you liked the first you will like this one too.
,Recommended,236110,13430361,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Adelphos,"Despite this being early access, it feels very well polished. If you enjoyed the first game, this will feel very natural to get back in to, It feels very similar in a good way! A lot better looking and with a lot more depth from the looks of what is already in the game at this point.There are a few niggles however, the game will be coming out on a Free to Play model at release so if you can hold out that long you get it for free. This also means pay to play elements will be added. Hopefully this wont mean pay to win, but we'll have to wait and see. By buying into the game now you are granted some of the pay to play currency for free, in the future when those elements are added, as well as a few exclusive items/skins. So it's kind of paying forward some pay to play items, by buying it now.Also, it is always online, which for me isnt an issue but is a bit of a bummer for some. It also seems to have an odd lobby/session system which feels like theres an unnecessary step in there. But this is a minor problem really.Overall, if you see yourself playing this game a lot, and enjoyed the first, i'd say its worth getting now. If you're on the fence, maybe wait until the f2p release."
,Recommended,236110,13324409,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,It'sEverydayBro,"From playing the previous game, I do think this game has a lot of potential and it has a nice different twist to it!"
76561198009355696,Recommended,236110,13329529,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Tokimisha,"♥♥♥♥♥ dope yo! get it you liked the first one, you'll like this one, great look, great controls, intuitive easy to use turret placement. just took the first game and kept the solid foundation. smoothed out the rough spots and put out something great."
,Recommended,236110,13330141,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Me,"The alpha has made a really great progess, I wonder if the final product will match DD1!"
76561198062957933,Recommended,236110,13374874,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[TDH]Soluke,"Love it, can't wait to see how it progresses."
,Recommended,236110,24062112,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Karisma,"The game itself is fun, but the dlc is overpriced and overpowered. If they could make these addiotional heroes more balanced or easier to acquire the game would be much better."
76561197970441688,Recommended,236110,14425611,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,airart,"Had a pretty rough start on this one. Once I got going however, things have been improving slowly but surely. To me, this doen't quite seem like a sequal of Dungeon Defenders so much as a spin off of it. While it starts with more grown up versions of the 4 main characters from the original game, most of their powers and traps are very different. All in all, i'm giving it a thumbs up because it is fun if you don't expect it to be just more of the same."
,Recommended,236110,13324327,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,Can't wait for local multiplay ♥DD1 and 2 are a must play.
,Recommended,236110,29081751,Posted: 7 January,all,JedHakuro,"There are definitely a lot of games out there that have me coming back to them throughout the years: Minecraft, Pokemon, Dungeon Defenders 1 and more. Dungeon Defenders 2 is shaping up to be that type of game.While many players dislike the addition of Siege Rollers, I honestly do enjoy having them in the game as they add an element of activity that differs from other Tower Defense games. It allows players to access a different niche of the game that prevents AFK-ing, although Onslaught Mode to farm gear for their level before tackling the other portions of the game. The inclusion of Incursions which require active play time and specified map loot have been vast improvements to DD2 since it's original inception. (Oh god, the gear drops were even more horrid back in the initial few months.)Though their are complaints with skins, few at the moments with minor changes, and microtransactions, which in my opinion is kind of disheartening. It makes sense as the game is now a Free-to-Play game and Trendy Ent needs to make some form of constant cash flow. I can see them being valid concerns for the long run, hopefully they maintain microtransactions strictly to new characters and cosmetics. (Anymore and I'll be seriously concerned.)The devs themselves have been responsive and active on the forums and the community, as angry as it is now for many reasons (none of them too concise on a single issue from an overall look of complaints), are quite friendly and have been helping both new and veteran players alike farm maps for items, level new characters, and provide feedback. (Always positive from my experience.)Updates are quite common, almost monthly, and hotfixes come out almost weekly to rectify issues and solve initial problems that come out with builds as the game progresses through its Alpha Stages. The characters, both new and old, are unique in many ways but do not so differently that it becomes a hassle to learn an entirely new character or playstyle.Definitely a recommendation to play and it'll only get better through time. Also be ready to grind for gear, not as tedious as most people point out and it's a game that you can easily dip some time into, but at the same time, playing an hour or two every so often won't leave you feeling like you haven't progressed. (Try pushing yourself up each level for newer gear.)#HopeForTheDummy"
76561197963943365,Not Recommended,236110,17714430,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Squishyb,bunk
76561198102264123,Recommended,236110,21957624,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,METHIONYLTHREONYLTHREONYLGLUTAMI,yesssss!!!!!!!! this game is very good!!!!!! i have enjoyed this game greatly. The repalybility value is limated but as the game progresses further into development i feel that it will become more in depth. I highly recomend this game and even though it is in early alpha. I cant wait for what comes next and i am very exited!!!!!
,Not Recommended,236110,28992633,Posted: 3 January,all,Aquatic Pickle,"Free to play but you have to buy every character for 80 dollars total. DD1 is 10x better if you want to play this just play the first one it is a much better experience way more content for less money also with local coop and splitscreen support. With workshop. This game is poorly optimized, It did cost to buy the game and now they made it free but made every character like 20 bucks to buy and didnt give anything to the people that pre ordered the game and actually bought it when it cost. Thank you for ruining a decent game. greedy ♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,236110,25787504,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Syrius,"Useless until I can invert Y-Axis.The option is there, it simply does nothing.So simple, yet makes it unplayable for me.Try getting the basics :then: polishing."
,Recommended,236110,13773875,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bearded Savage,"I am waiting to setup my new computer before I give this earlly access the full rundown.  But what I can tell you is this, the concept of this game is absolutely amazing.  I have DD1 on my ps3, xbox 360, pc, iphone, and android tablet.  I could not get enough of it.  My friends and I logged probably close to 1,000hrs playing co-op on the ps3.  The strategy involved in placing towers, and the upgrading of loot just had us completely addicted.  I have been awaiting this release ever since Trendy first announced the possibility of DD2.  Can't wait to give it the ol' college try coach!"
76561198036779427,Recommended,236110,13777014,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Richter,If you enjoyed the Last game and need some more DD action with a bit of orginality and spice then this would be it
,Recommended,236110,13775253,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CheesyMidget,8/10- Good Graphics but still buggy due to early development.
76561198021688881,Recommended,236110,20781815,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Killabee,"Finally they seem to have removed most of the kinks, and it's really fun to play. I do lack the opertunity to inspect other characters, like you could in the original game. So I hope that will be implemented soon.The game is still in Alpha, so ofc there will be some glitches etc, but for now they have a really good fundament to build upon."
,Not Recommended,236110,20769126,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,BadDesperado,"Played for 20 minutes.Wanted to go back to play the original Dungeon Defenders.Well, now that it's free I guess it works as a nice advertisement."
,Recommended,236110,32647182,Posted: 22 June,all,RawrGamer,"I bought the Dungeon Defenders Franchise Pack a few years back when it was on the Winter Sale, and can say that I absolutely fell in love with the series.While I don't have many hours logged in DD1, I did enjoy the gameplay immensely. Though I didn't make it to the end game of DD1, I do plan to at some point. Now, DD2 improves on virtually everything that DD1 did. The only real difference I think is the end game content.GraphicsThe graphics engine is FAR better, yet has options that make it work fine on older prebuilt computers like mine. Animations are well done, and the engine is capable of having large amounts of entities on it at one time. The maps are also well designed, and with the cell shading art style they're also beautiful to look at.GameplayThe gameplay has been improved upon by leaps and bounds over the games development. At first it wasn't much like DD1, but now at the full release I don't think I've seen a single thing that wasn't in DD1 missing in DD2. And unlike DD1, you can level infinitely in DD2 through the Ascension system.SoundThe music in the game is pretty good, though easy to phase out. I personally love the soundtrack and frequently listen to it over my Spotify playlist. The sounds defenses make when they hit also vary I believe. If that is the case, then many kudos to Trendy for taking the time to gather multiple sound samples!ProsNear infinite replayability.Enough graphical control virtually any PC could run the game.Amazing variety in characters and build styles.Simple mechanics that can be learned within a few games, but has a high skill cap for people wanting a challenge.Soundtrack that blends perfectly with the levels and world itself.ConsRelatively short campaign that can be finished in an hour or two on normal difficulty.Prorgession can screech to a crawl if not done properly after the campaign.End gameplay is strongly geared towards grinding. Chaos Trials alleviate this, but the grind still exists.In-game warnings can be a bit hard to pick up sometimes due to the 3rd person camera. That may just be me though.Since the official release, there are a plethora of bugs and issues that have cropped up. Trendy has always done a good job fixing these, so I'm not worried about them being around in a few months time, but there are issues with loading into the social hub and loading into black screens when you do load in.Overall I would recommend Dungeon Defenders 2 to anybody who enjoys tower defense based strategy games. It takes an interesting and fun approach to the genre with its hero based 3rd person perspective. Gameplay can get stale, but with friends could still be very enjoyable. The game itself encourages group play with the way its servers are set up. And to the DD1 purists who refuse to try this game at all, I have one thing to say; DD2 is a positive evolution on basically everything you loved about DD1 and I think you would enjoy it as much as the original."
,Not Recommended,236110,34944214,Posted: 14 September,all,Sir Fart Face,"Dungeon Defenders 2 is a pay to win, super grind fest. Most of the game is broken.. Took me many tries just to get into the tutorial, then when trying to quit the tutorial i had to ALT+F4 because it doesn't work like normal games.. Seems like a completely missed opportunity. Do not waste your time on this crap."
,Recommended,236110,21716808,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,「Hatred」,"TL;DR: If you loved the first one, you'll at least like this one. If you haven't played the first one, I'd recommend you to do that. But if you don't have the money, this is a great alternative.Let me start off by saying DD1 is one of my favorite games of all time. Therefore this review may be a bit biased.For a game in alpha stage it's definitely not bad, there is a decent amount of content and more is being developed all the time. I bought the game more or less as soon as it was available and I don't regret that decision. You could get it for free, and here's why you should:Even if you've played DD1, it feels like a new game. It's different enough, but at the same time it's similar enough to be called a Dungeon Defenders game.Leveling feels somewhat rewarding, though the early levels go by really fast while the later levels are a grind. However, it's rather satisfying to hit that level you needed for a new weapon or piece of armor.Extremely fun with friends. If you're playing this alone or with randoms, you're missing out.The graphics are beautiful. A definite upgrade from DD1The map designs are great, the only complaint here is that some maps in DD1 felt bigger.Trendy communicates with the playerbase, frequent devstreams and posts. This is something you don't see very often, especially this early in development.Some of the weapons have really cool passive effects. There's a lot of variety in weapons, especially bows. You could find 4 of the same bow and they could all have a different shot types, making them better for different situations.One of my biggest complaints is a bit of an odd one. I really don't like the fact that it's f2p. Maybe it's the fear of it becoming p2w, but I highly doubt that will happen. Another thing is the amount of paid DLC's. DD1 had a TON of them, and the game wasn't free. Now that this one is free, it feels like there will be even more DLC's. I don't mind throwing a bit of cash at the game however, but I really hope the amount won't be excessive.Most of the negative things I have to say about the game will (probably) be fixed by the time the game fully releases, so I won't get too much into them but:Upgrading weapons isn't that rewarding. There aren't as many upgrade levels on weapons, probably partly due to how they changed the upgrading system as a whole. You can only have so many items to upgrade with.The amount of legendary drops you get. In DD1 this wasn't as much of a problem. Now it's rare to go even one map without getting a legendary. It doesn't feel satisfying at all, and most of the time they're worse than the equipment you're already using anyway. They are nice for upgrading other gear though.The towers feel a bit more.. bland? compared to DD1. Though I do really like how you can change certain towers (or abilities) with uber spheres.The lack of challenge mode. I can't remember exactly what it was called but if you've played DD1 you probably know what I'm talking about.I enjoyed showing off my achievements in DD1 inside my tavern, especially with the eternia crystal. There aren't that many achievements in the game yet, but when they do add them I hope we'll get something like that.I find it kind of silly how they're already about to release an additional hero, when in DD1 it took them almost 2 years. I don't mind a new hero to play around with, but I'd prefer some other content instead.This review probably wasn't very coherent at all, but the point I'm trying to make is that the game is worth a try, especially with the $0 price tag. I have faith in Trendy, the game will improve by heaps by the time of release."
,Not Recommended,236110,29500158,Posted: 26 January,all,Bunny,"Please stay away from this game! A lot of people suffer from ""Your connection to host has been lost"". Meaning wether you play solo or online, host or not, you will still be disconnected from the game... It's incredibly hard to actually get something done with this error occuring every 15 minutes..Devs clearly have no ideas of fixing this issue either, as it has been an issue since release..Game gets developed slower than anything i've ever seen and if anything, it just gets worse. It's gameplay may or may not be good, but idk, since i struggle to actually play this game as many others. Please do not get fooled by my playtime as it hasn't always been an issue for me.."
,Recommended,236110,15659002,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LoaferCakes,"Pretty good game mang, I find it really fun. It improves on many things the first game needed improving and since its still early access its going to get even better. Looks fantastic, runs really well for an early access, and if you don't want to spend money, it'll be free eventually. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,236110,15875814,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,moss windu,"This isn't the main game that I play, usually I just jump on this game with friends to have some fun and relax.With that in mind, the most important part for this game is the developer involvement:DEVSTREAMS: Every week the developers stream for an hour. The stream has gameplay in the background, a camera that has two developers answering questions from the chat and forums, and another camera with a game developer working on game assets (designing weapons or making animations).DEVLOGS: These are a bit more informal and usually just a sentence or two. But every developer posts what they have been working on that week. At the very least it lets you know what is coming up soon.INFLUENCE VOTES: For logging into the game (and the forums) you can get influnce points, then the team has public votes for different systems that the community prefers (how loot drops work, how to acquire certain items, etc). So you can just save up your points and actually make quite a considerable difference in something you feel strongly about.All of this in addition to other videos for events and whatnot featuring developers answering questions on the forums or emails. They also have a department dedicated to going through every bug report sent through the in game system, the game is going to be in early access for quite a while, so it is nice to be able to follow along.The game has bugs and isn't too terribly rich in the content department right now, but it's still pretty early in development."
,Recommended,236110,16691178,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DovahQuinn,"Dungeon Defenders II is a great take on the tower defense genre, placing you directly into the action in a third person view with 4 distinctive classes and a very satysfying combat system. I have never played dungeon defenders 1 but from what I am seeing with DD2 the dev team must be very commited to making a great game. The company actually gives each player ""influence points"" to use to vote for ideas for the dev team to make a reality in the game world. The campaign is pretty short but the replayability is pretty good, I could farm the same level for hours with the same group and still have a fun time. Discovering combos with different towers is very satysfying and rewarding in the harder stages. Comboing the monks lightning auras with the huntress' geyser traps is my personal favorite. Anyway i am rambling, but this game is definitely worth a buy and I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed DD1 or likes tower defenses."
76561198146861930,Recommended,236110,15591316,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SC0P3_SNAK3,dont know what to say but my game wont even load
,Recommended,236110,15449986,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sapaieo,"If you like Tower Defense, come closer my friend,you like a little hack'n'slay? Come even closerThis game might be just Pre-Alpha at the moment, but it already makes tons of fun =)I really enjoy playing this game and hope it will get much much better!Innovative Gameplay, variety of maps, challenging"
76561198131999329,Recommended,236110,18493180,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Kirito,"Paid 25 dollars for this game, i played for like 2hours, then i come back 2 months later and its free. 10/10 would spend money again"
76561198149207533,Recommended,236110,16657272,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,awesomenes man,this is better then dd and dde just wait for controller input
,Recommended,236110,16691932,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Goddamnit Klinda,Really fun! I hope towers are more important later on because as it stands right now it's very dependent on heroes running over to lanes and taking care of most of the dps with their bodies.
,Recommended,236110,16651912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,i'm juz ChiLLiN',I love this game quality is good and gameplay is not like others pay to win :).
76561198046439094,Recommended,236110,15915058,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Blue_Executioner,"Very good game, definitely buy if you enjoyed any of the other dungeon defenders."
76561198037285261,Not Recommended,236110,16212845,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sviskon,"Not impressed, The first game is still much better."
,Recommended,236110,18738199,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,CHA0T1C EN1GMA,"I reccomend this game. It is very addictive and plays like a mmo that streamlines tower defense. You can not only hack and slash like diablo or a bioware game, but you can also lay down towers to help defend. Your armor upgrades, weapons upgrade, and you obtain xp and level up your character as you go. There are pets, a main town kind of hub, and more. My only despute with this game has been the slow to add controller support.... if you don't care about it not having that yet then just hit the download button now. I mean theres no reason not to download it now that its free... but I would say these guys worked super hard at making this game better. From being a basic 7.5/10 game during the first alpha wave to a 9/10 by the time they were done updating it kind of shows you how devoted this developer is to their game. So I would suggest at least buying a costume or two from the shop to help support the developer."
,Recommended,236110,14350712,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Politically Un-Incorrect,"Best game EU. 210/5NOTE THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEW WHEN IT WAS A NEW GAME!! I HAVE NOT CAUGHT ON RECENT EVENTS OF THE GAME DUE TO PERSONAL STUFF.//Simple review overIn all honesty the game is unfinished(heck that's why it's in early alpha), rubber banding all over the place. IN ALL TRUTH IT IS WORTH THE EARLY ACCESS BECAUSE GOD DAMN IT IS POLISHED. For an early access game it's really polished, chocked full with content and being continuously updated by a dedicated studio. I could not really fault too much apart from lag issues (both fps and internet) but really it's only my fps for some reason that's slugging. You will experience the occasionally lag spikes(sometimes leading to my doom) but it's usually fine. Do not get put off because it is different graphically from the original it has the same premise and same mechanics (a few mechanics have been taken away) but the sacrifice is for a greater good (more fluid and not too cluttered imo). The solo has been underplayed here as in slightly underappreciated and teamplay is more promoted which I cannot criticize too much since teamplay sometimes lacked in dd1 because solo building normally got through all the levels if you knew what to do.Sound/ Sound effectsThe soundtrack is very reminiscent of the old dungeon defenders with the melody slightly changed but you can still feel the sounds from the old dd's giving it that slightly humble nostalgic feeling. The Sound effect for combat is very crisp and smooth, hacking and slashing feels really great especially to big monsters I feel like I'm dicing their fleshy flesh bodies every slice as a squire. For ranged characters I can't feel the same oomph but the abilities for the ranged characters make me feel powerful as if I have a huge presence in the map.Graphics/ EffectsThe effects are beautiful and very colourful if not cartoony. This may appeal to a select audience but I haven't been put off by it at all infact it's a much fresher feeling from the slightly darker tone of the last games. The little effects on the weapons make it seem much more powerful and less weak for example the little frost/fire/light effects on swords,staves,bows etc and the particles that eminate from the swords,staves and bows that have frost/fire/light from each attack is also a nice touch.Extra sidenote (also a recommendation)I have bought the whole collection (dd1, all dlcs for dd1, dd:e, dd2 early, dd2 collectors) and all I can say is worth it. Support Trendy studios people they are absolutely one of the best companies I've ever supported (even have dd1 and all dlcs on xbox 360) YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.It's almost perfect just a few lag issues and slightly underplayed soloing experience 8.5/10 infact maybe a 9.  Buy it now."
,Recommended,236110,20712618,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Shadowhunter2002,"This game is fun... that was the short version.Pros:Fun gameplayFree game thats free to play :DFriends make this 5 times better (1 of each is cool, but monk is boring so 2 apprentice :))Alright graphicsNo Hackers (yet)Cons :Crashes if you tab out (just me?)Im a loner...F***ING KOBOLDS... anyway.Kinda slow loading, loading screens for loading screens...All in all, alright free game if you have some friends and a half decent computer... and a great way of killing kobolds, of course!"
76561198202463420,Recommended,236110,19124859,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,shakes_d33,I love all the options and new updates they keed adding. Everything keeps me coming back for more playthroughs. (And I haven't even reached end game yet) It is also insanely more fun with friends too!
76561198069331499,Recommended,236110,19260018,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Kintz,This is my honest review. Do everything you want to do in life. Then download this game because it will consume your soul.This gamer will become your life10/10
,Recommended,236110,19710016,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Fox,"A game that provides lots of fun. Easy to understand. Very well made and with many continuous improvements.For me the best tower defence and it’s F2P, I strongly recommend this game!You should take a look into it!"
76561198076389938,Recommended,236110,19044508,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Takatoshi,hey good game。good girl
76561197976793772,Recommended,236110,19095391,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kryptonite,Fun to kill time. Simple hack n slash with a rpg twist and tower defense all mixed.
76561198052472564,Not Recommended,236110,29565089,Posted: 29 January,all,Dire,this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ it has potential but it jest sucks. loading time is way to long. lags and bugs everywere. confusing as ♥♥♥♥. i had high hopes cause i loved number 1 but this sucks
,Not Recommended,236110,28490490,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gronk!,Why did I pay money for this game?
,Not Recommended,236110,23255531,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,funkymonk,"Another game which has become P2W so suprisingly(!).. I loved the first dungeon defender, i guess it may be in my top 5 games list, but on the other hand this game has become seriously sucking. At the begginig of early access you have to pay to get this game which was a good beggining from my perspective, some times later it has become f2p and i got sad a bit but they have given some micro trans stuff to players to use in-game products. It was fine for me but after a while they put the new characters on sale over the game-money and the 3000 some kind of moey they give us would only be enought to buy only 2 characters which is totally unacceptable... Im writing this to show the bad evaluation of the game since the first df and the reason im writing this to here is to show how bad this game has beome and why you shouldnt buy it !!Have a good day..."
,Not Recommended,236110,19772963,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Longhornx9,I paid 24.99 for it back in Feb 1 2015 it is now free. That and it doesn't usually launch or download.
76561198129553236,Recommended,236110,20250857,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PARAMALY,cool game
76561198030765784,Recommended,236110,19322393,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Davo,This game was an awesome game that I got and played a lot. I loved it until I visited the store page the next year and found the game that I payed $20 for now free! It's really frustating that if I had just waited than I could have played free
76561198156597286,Recommended,236110,20642524,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Reaper X Clutch,Okay so i have lots of things to say abou this game but ill sum it up in the begining so i cant complain to much since its early acces but although the game is fun and i reccomend it i still think the 1st one is better although it is not free to play also the game still has alot of patches changes and new content added so i would definately hold onto this game there are many cons on this gaem including it is completely free to play and most micro transactions are for character looks so u dont have to have any money to go to end game the loot system is good and overall a good game like I said before just needs more content which they will be adding in the future so i think this game will just get better as time goes on
76561198168516453,Recommended,236110,22259926,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Marbles365,jhjjjhhj
,Recommended,236110,19051759,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,my name jeff,"Why is this game free?! I bought it for 20 euros..Anyway this is a great game, just make sure you have a few buddies to play with."
,Recommended,236110,19081855,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,i love anime 69,Best game 12/10 IGN
,Recommended,236110,20461730,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jewdaddy,"It's super fun but it HATES being alt+tabbed and sometimes opening the steam overlay will literally softlock you and the game won't accept any input.Needs work- polishing, balancing, and all sorts of fine tuning, but it's an okay game I guess.Also, SUMMONER WHEN? LITERALLY THE BEST CHARACTER FROM 1 GIVE IT TO ME, GIVE ME SUUUUUUMMONEERR EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
76561198011764369,Not Recommended,236110,23912504,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Colonel Angus,just play the first one. Give this one a pass
,Not Recommended,236110,24206417,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Grungni,Complete waste of time.
,Recommended,236110,20124427,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ash,I like it
,Recommended,236110,13465969,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ron Jon Donald,"If you enjoyed the first game you will surely enjoy this version.  There's some newer features, such as the loot system.  The game is more mature in a sense that you aren't playing as ""children left to defend the castle while your parents are gone"" like the first one.The pre-alpha (early access) at the moment is obivously unpolished.  But I see great potential in this game."
,Recommended,236110,18552840,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Benis,I accidently skipped the tutorial and now I have no idea how to play. I have seen gameplay and it looks good. But I think there should be a tutorial button somewhere
76561198031928602,Recommended,236110,15286531,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dim,have waited sooooo long for this game. cant wait for it too  be finished
76561198085913667,Recommended,236110,15015767,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,archersaber311,good game if your looking for something a bit differnt
,Not Recommended,236110,19712782,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lord Zexxon,Early access and ALREADY selling DLC? Count me out.
,Recommended,236110,21775470,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AllMightyLui,GG
76561198026706309,Not Recommended,236110,22256787,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Snoipur,"This is not the game i was expecting... I just dont find this game playable and I dont find it enjoyable. Its just grinding.Edit: The new Filter for the inventory is pretty cool but the Loot system got worse, and now its even more grindy. Game got more confusing for new players."
,Not Recommended,236110,22256988,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,andreod,why is this game free to play now when i had to pay for when it first came out. i find that very annoying.
,Recommended,236110,15531556,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,indro,yeeeas goood game ...
,Recommended,236110,15791772,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Calibanfaust,Really lke this game play as a distraction from my RockSmith2014 practice.
76561198006530986,Recommended,236110,17516814,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PrimeGameTheory,"I would highly recommend this game. Trendy is an amazing indy game company. This is one of those rare early acess games that is acctually worth the purchase. The game is practially done at this point. Right now they are refining the player experience and they continue to balance and add to the game all the time. One of the biggest reasons I give this game my stamp of approval is that the game is an AMAZING game to play with friends. The difficulty curve is great starting at something easy enough that anyone of any age can play. Have a girl friend that doesnt want to play games? This is a great first game to use to introduce gaming.Later in the late game, the challaenge ramps up and the players who enough a good gameplay challenge, this works for you too. Seriosuly, I could go on and on, so Ill just list some bullet points to sum up the rest of my thoughts.+Active community and responsive game developer.+Well worth the purchase and is being updated all the time. Currently I would say this is 95% of a complete game.+Difficulty Curve is low. Easy mode is easy, and continues to ramp up till the end game challenges.+Fun and Enjoyable realtime action RPG with Tower Defense Mechanics too.+Fun to Build out multiple heroes to see all the abilites and towers.+Good Character investment, decent loot system that provides customization of role and stats+Really cool skin system. Players can earn skin items by doing challenges. Buying the early acess game earns you about 30$ in premium currency for buying premium skins.+Pet system is fun.+Solid selection of maps and game modes.+Co-op. Play with friends, match make into a game, or play private matchs.-The game will continue to change as they tweak and refine things.-No local co-op yet but they will add it before full game release.-Your current objective/quest is currently located at the hero forge kiosk. Thats a stupid place to put it, if they fix that, and move it somewhere smart this complaint will go away.Anyway, there is a good summary. If you like the game, tell people; its a blast to co-op with some friends"
76561198228258144,Recommended,236110,20598446,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,NebulaWolf1107,aweasome
,Not Recommended,236110,22270856,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,COB,"Played tons of hours of DD1, this is simply not the same, jsut entering the game feels awkward, I really miss the old DD1, it was something special. I tried a couple of times playing this but i barely make a single stage, so sorry. To think i purchased this when it was like 12$ damm..."
,Recommended,236110,17866798,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ramshead,"Great game, consistantly getting better with every patch!"
76561197995656789,Not Recommended,236110,22273409,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Anderious,Dungeon Defenders 1 was godly fun. they took that all away in 2 do yourself a fav and just get 1
,Recommended,236110,13488028,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fork,this game is so good
76561198130806395,Recommended,236110,13437161,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,complexzeru,i recommend dd2 to anyone who loves to tower defense & coop!
,Recommended,236110,13566986,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,XxSweatkidxX,great gameno problems
,Recommended,236110,13459669,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spoookya,Amazing game So many great things to come!!!!
76561198051088966,Recommended,236110,13552215,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CatDany_,I recommend this game because of the demon lord bagool
76561198072484772,Recommended,236110,13622945,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nightingale,I love this game. SO much fun to play with friends and a great tower defense game.
,Recommended,236110,13600786,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BootyRoyal,Very cool game. thought it would be even better if they put a leauge spin on it and full controller support.
,Recommended,236110,13558830,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Matticus,Even better than the first one! Lots of fun
,Recommended,236110,13450775,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,gorgonsteel,awesome game! Recommended!
76561198032800970,Recommended,236110,13461453,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Smegma,really fun game
76561198066850620,Recommended,236110,13436542,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,b_shadow,If you liked the first game you will love this one!
,Recommended,236110,13504169,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dzm2012,If you liked the first one you'll like this one. This version is currently very much in alpha so keep that in mind if you buy this game right now
76561198066109608,Recommended,236110,15788866,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ixie,Worth every penny so far.
,Recommended,236110,23044641,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wheato,manta rays
76561198084540812,Not Recommended,236110,24601228,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,some random dude,grindy trash
76561198008932506,Not Recommended,236110,30398414,Posted: 8 March,all,MrJane,"It's not a tower defense game anymore. Towers are next to bloody useless. All the heroes are the same boring crap! It's a shallow, poorly made action rpg."
76561198081168548,Recommended,236110,20010817,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SaveTheBears.Taco,WTF I BOUGHT THIS GAME
,Recommended,236110,31381326,Posted: 26 April,all,Mama,I've been playing this game almost 2 and half years... with every update this game gets more and more fantastic! Beautiful art in it too :D
,Recommended,236110,30455421,Posted: 11 March,all,☠El Dimitry☠,Fun game to play with friends and even alone
76561198168055072,Recommended,236110,23865793,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xenrax,"A great game, fun to play alone and with friends, but it's limited, if you play it a lot, it won't take long for you to have done everything, there is great game here, but not a large game. Worth getting if you want a game that will keep you entertained for a bit."
,Recommended,236110,23252403,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,A True Leader,a Great game!
,Recommended,236110,31270407,Posted: 21 April,all,princess elsa,Not perfect still very fun
,Recommended,236110,20871515,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dayeon,Great game for people who like tower defense :)
76561198066445748,Recommended,236110,20819775,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Varogon Razorwing,1 complaint... WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE PAY TO PLAY INVENTORY SET UP...
76561198013173579,Recommended,236110,20951298,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hentai Warlord SNAFU,"If you liked the first game of the series, then I sencerly reccomend the second one too! It is a very good sequel to the first game, and it is free to play. Great graphics, very cartoonish looking, great game play and just an awesome community and people to play with"
,Not Recommended,236110,26444965,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,assholio500 (cornholio),its a fun game when it workes! it wont even start the game now. the disapointment is real
,Recommended,236110,28324572,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mexidankus,gud gaem
76561198031867044,Recommended,236110,19661636,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SalutaryPYRO,"This game is a very good way to spend a little bit of time or alot of time. I recommend it to anyone who was a fan of the original game. The new abilities for each character (Squire, Huntress, Apprentice, and Monk) add an amazing new system that was not in the first game."
,Recommended,236110,25166726,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Junk Master,This game is asome
76561198037147862,Recommended,236110,18071828,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,DewwyDewart,"I loved the original DD so it was a no brainer to spend some dough to support the team making DD2. The game looks good, the same colorful quality that was so enjoyable about the first game. Collecting gear, raising pets and hacking and slashing your way through hoards of rather cute goblins and ogres? Yep, got that too.  It's still in pre-alpha so there's a lot of game rebalancing and renovating going on pretty frequently.What it is missing for me is that feeling I got in DD where I put up a few traps or towers in just the right spots and I become god of the level. They haven't fine tuned it to that level yet but I'm hopeful. All in all, it is a true successor to the original and worth a play."
,Recommended,236110,15762821,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,kosilol,"Fantastic tower defense game, trendy is a excellent company"
,Recommended,236110,15749801,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Doomslayer,Smooth GameplayGreat CommunityDev StreamsWhat more could you want?Why are you still reading this GO BUY THE GAME!
,Not Recommended,236110,25975647,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TheCatWhisperer,"Nice but unfortunately quite shallow... Most heroes beyond the basic 4 feel almost useless when the basic classes can do most jobs better. The game cages you into Incursion mode and even if you wanted to try something like Endless mode it's a damn snooze fest that takes forever to ramp up to the point where its fun and when it does you are gimped heavily by the defense limit. That said, thats after over an hour from starting Endless so good luck with that."
76561197967361923,Not Recommended,236110,25884780,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tacobus,"I don't know why but I just cannot seem to like this game. I played the first game to death, was probably one of my favorite games and particularly playing with friends split screen. I just can't seem to like this one at all. Maybe it's the horendous bag system, maybe because until you're in endgame this game is just ridiculously easy or maybe it's the lack of interesting bosses/levels/stategy? If you liked Dungeon Defenders this is not that game and you will be disappointed. I will check back on it when it is fully released, but so far this isn't shaping up to be anything special. It just makes me very nostalgic for the first game."
76561198090596691,Not Recommended,236110,25915663,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Tactical CaveMan,"Devs Listen to us. Alot of us loved this game and now we have to constantly be looking ant a paywall of $20, withc is rediculus. Remove the paywall and charge upfront and your will have many more fans. I would buy the game again. But in thes games current state it is SH**."
76561197996018602,Not Recommended,236110,29749230,Posted: 6 February,all,Arnoux,"Nice game, but waaay too much inventory management. A lot of items drops after the game and you have to sort out the useless items. You can play with 4 or 10 characters at the same time (change during the match) and you should equip them with viable builds. I think this game is heavily pay to win also."
,Recommended,236110,20686212,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dan2172,"Fresh visuals, same great gameplay."
76561198195077401,Recommended,236110,16515433,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AnimeOnly,Fun
76561198046733342,Recommended,236110,18988314,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,アリス・ツーベルク,"This game has plenty to offer and much more for u to explore , the maps that are offered inside gives u different terrain and many new and different ways to place your traps including new gates to protect and traps u can activate from in-game definetely recommend this to all who loved the first game"
76561198021887339,Recommended,236110,30461466,Posted: 11 March,all,jmm0803a,"#1 Reason I recommend this game is because it is free to play. But read on:The game used to be fun, where I'd log in and do the daily quests and help newer players get better gear. After the Trials update, I was saddened by the nerfs of what used to be an awesome tower, but I was still excited to play the new Chaos mode, and found a build with my good gear that worked to do Chaos 1. But then that got nerfed not just to the ground, but below the ground and buried. Hopefully the game will be worth playing again in the future, but it is not worth my time as of now.Pros:Pretty graphics.Bunch of classes.Good for you ""try-hards"" out there.Infinite leveling similar to Diablo III's paragon system, but has more noticeablility.Cons:Devs nerf anything that has a feeling of ""awesome"" (volcano, nimbus...)Only barely enough defense limit to have a frantic time trying to survive. (Unless you are playing campaign, which is EZ) This leads to players kicking nubs and doing the whole ""I build, not u"" thing. Less fun for new, learning players.Difficulty curve: Imagine riding a motorcycle in a desert at 60mph, then a straight-up mountain appears 5 feet in front of you.Not good for casuals or afking.In my opinion there should be enough DU where less strategic people can join and place their towers stupidly and you can still win by being an awesome player. Good luck with that here."
76561198028002827,Not Recommended,236110,19870784,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,marjasin,Paying for an early alpha which is then made free to play. Thank you!
76561198179884631,Recommended,236110,18461954,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,cool-k60,best game ever for dungeon defenders lovers
76561198051760166,Not Recommended,236110,18979158,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Patrick,so idk i bought this game and now it's free to play? Can i have my money back?
76561198007529485,Not Recommended,236110,23763659,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dragadunk,Mediocre lagfest and $270 dollar DLC ... lost your gd mind.
,Recommended,236110,16528237,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hank the Octopus,Got the game and it was in Pre-Alpha. Few issues here and there but overall a great game even though it is in Pre-Alpha. The game already feel like it's complete.
76561198086576747,Recommended,236110,16506317,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gamerdaz008,"* Ok Played the first DD loved the Idea of tower setups etc.* This game would be exciting to finally be officialy released with controller support.From the Positive reviews on here this game looks like it has lots to offer.According to the DEVS Sony is reponisible for controller support for this game, and so far it has not been implemented yet.I would like to see CONTROLLER SUPPORT implemented soon, so I can play this game finally. I hope this isn't an early acess for too long, I dont use KB _mouse setup with this game it is too difficult to play, as I never Use KB_mouse for most steam games.I can't wait to play this game with controller support!!!!!!!!!!!Please enable it soon!!! Like with DD1."
,Recommended,236110,14455910,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,|Wing$treet|,"Buy it to support the active dev team. If you don't want to support developement, don't buy"
,Recommended,236110,21212723,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tatyuma,"Great game, kind of reminds me of the old flash tdms everyone used to play but now in 3d. A lot of features can be enjoyed by any kind of player and all ages, the weapons have unique kind of detail and the game has unique map design in each level. Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who has played or at least seen a tower defense game, and enjoyed it."
76561198086281704,Not Recommended,236110,15814574,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Big Chinned Bitch,this game is bad keep playing dd1 theyre still updating it and its one of the best games\
,Recommended,236110,17053803,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,♫ FoofyBlank ♫,Fun with friends and strangers :D 10/10 Would play again
,Not Recommended,236110,23828743,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Neria,"This a pay to win, you need to pay everything.i will develop a bit more. This game is a pay to win cause u need to pay to have new character OR you can buy it in game but as u can see after more 300 h i dont have the money for buying the HERO + the skillsphere so yes i completly think this is pay2win. This is the first point.The second point is, the company is a horrible company noone should give them any money, for example i have the same bug from the release of the game, this bug force me to restart game after each party cause i m being disconnected.I was in discussion with the community support, and now he stopped to answer me cause he dont need to resolve a bug for only few people. This completly demonstrate how the company communication is poor and they dont see the player for anything else than a big wallet.En gros ce jeux est un pay to win car on doit forcément acheter en argent réelle car après 300h de jeux on peut pas aacheter tout les hero + les skillsphere.Le second point c'est que l'entreprise trendy ne mérite pas que l'on paye pour leur jeux.Un exemple est que leur gestion des bugs client est d'ignorer les retours lorsque peu de gens ont ce bug, cela peut fonctionné mais pas sur un jeux ou seullement 1000 personne joue.Pour preuve de ce que je dis est que depuis 1 mois ils ne me répondent plus alors que j'ai un bug depuis la sortie du jeux qui m'oblige a relancer le jeux après chaque party. C'est donc très genant pour jouer.Ce qui signifie que l'entreprise trendy ne nous considère que comme des portes monnaie au lieux de nous considérer comme des joueurs et nous respecter"
,Recommended,236110,18775099,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zeddis,One of best tower defense games ever and little bit better than dungeon defenders
,Recommended,236110,16078506,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ryokozen,"game is amazing, improves on original tons! :D"
76561198006108072,Recommended,236110,17955831,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,LittleBunny,"I loved the first one and I love this one. Lots of fun,, epically when you have friends to team up with."
,Recommended,236110,17393780,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Twitchtv_Chiseled,"With the most recent update, the game has greatly improved. Building towers is more efficient and common, loot feels more rewarding and customizable, and there is plenty currently. The game is developing at a very efficient rate, and I can't wait until it's even better down the road."
76561198028847349,Not Recommended,236110,13579822,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cool Zlata,Next EVOLVE.. Sell for money then see after updates and trailers that your game isnt like it should be.. What do we do?. hmm.. Lets change it to... FREE TO PLAY!
,Recommended,236110,13416986,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Nightcodex✅,"Okay being somewhat to judgefull with my last review ,Yes it is a early access.It is an improvement by far the game itself is alot overhauled and much more improved then the DD1 versionI hope DD2 will come to steam workshop with custom servers and mods. This was what made me play dd1"
76561198051433632,Recommended,236110,17060917,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Albert,"This is the best Tower Defence game on Steam.It's still in Pre Alpha though so it isn't perfect yet, and it obviusly hasn't as much content as DD1,but i'm confident that this game will succeed its predecessor.Pre Alpha: 8/10"
,Recommended,236110,17077854,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Shinigami Spesh,Considering this game is only in pre-alpha atm (16/07/15) it is pretty damn impressive!
,Recommended,236110,16224533,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pandah,This is probably one of the top 5 games i have ever played
,Recommended,236110,23191361,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gamercrew999(TheMeMesTeR),A great game but I belive the orgnial is better
76561198018403127,Recommended,236110,23696885,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,dartimos,"Game is really well polished.  While it's Early Access, it plays as a full game.  They have already added champions that you can either work to unlock or pay to skip through.  Think of it like LoL.  The complaints about microtransactions I can't understand at all.  The microtransactions are a Western-style form.  You don't pay to win.  You pay for cosmetics, bag slots and champions which you earn.  I bought in early and feel my money was worth it.  My friends haven't spent a dime and we still have a blast."
76561198051444149,Recommended,236110,15444104,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,EroX333,i like it
,Recommended,236110,29431175,Posted: 22 January,all,KeddZ_,good game with friends
,Recommended,236110,29442803,Posted: 23 January,all,MOBBOB,Fun good game just hard toget new guys and skins
76561198237293322,Recommended,236110,29485378,Posted: 25 January,all,LordPumpkin,pretty dam good game and even free
,Not Recommended,236110,28212778,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Shurlockbones,I first want to start out saying that the first Dengeon Defenders is one of my all time favorite games. I was blown away with the concept of a game that was tower defence slash RPG and action! I was so excited when I heard the development of DDII. Hell I even contriputed to the development by buying the game well before it was released.Then it was game day...I could finally play it! IThen I was diappointed from the get go. I knew it was alpha but the look the feel and the concept of the game didn't feel...I don't know how to say any better than this. This game has no charm. No I want to keep playing. No I want to level all my characters to be awesome along with their towers. The bosses are sad...They just seem to get in the way of a game that is just unimaginative as they are.I have put just under 80 hours in this game and quit playing about a year ago in hopes that it would be improved the next time I played it. A year past and I started to play again a few days ago. The only thing that has changed was I had the option to buy new characters. I would not recommend putting any cash into this game at all! Hell I wouldn't recommend even using your hardrive space to download it.
76561198033902802,Recommended,236110,21377962,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,StormWidow,wasnt this game like 22$ before i remember paying money for this game why is it free to play now this is so weird.
76561198021997346,Recommended,236110,21267337,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captain Insaino,Dungeon Defender II is fun and the character models are cartoonish.  Big bag of gems for playing DD 1
,Recommended,236110,21270271,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Krio,great game
76561198110872869,Recommended,236110,21280103,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,unStopAble,Awesome game
76561198289990327,Recommended,236110,29435601,Posted: 22 January,all,cheeselover,hio
76561198161122698,Recommended,236110,29445163,Posted: 23 January,all,TurquoiseBear,nice game
,Recommended,236110,29462432,Posted: 24 January,all,WizzyKitty,"Play it with your friends, it's better that way."
76561198061271510,Recommended,236110,17919392,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zellix,Awesome game! cant wait to see more!
76561198007920743,Recommended,236110,16204681,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Giant Bunny Rabbit,Great
,Recommended,236110,16463217,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jigaroo,i am having some problems with starting a private game and playing by myself because when i start it it says connection timed out and i have been trying off and on for like 3 months. i still do recommend this game though because most people probably wont have this problem. but can someone pls send me a message on steam if they know how to solve this.
,Recommended,236110,16462423,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Buhr,"This game is super stable for  pre-alpha game. And is super super fun to play with friends. Plus, the cat pets, adorable.Playing by yourself isnt as fun as playing with your friends, but it is quite a challenge.Obviously, there are things that are going to be changed and added since it's still in pre-alpha, but it is coming along very nicely so far. Although im hoping for the extra classes as DLC later on. Because I kinda miss my lil robot girl. ;<It doesnt have much of a story to it yet, although one might be added later on, which would be much more entertaining to know what we were doing exactly and how it fits into the first one's story if it does at all.The only thing I would have to say is, only one mana chest? I mean yeah the mana is sorted through the players, but i still find that a bit dull. Manahorder4lyfe. That and the waiting time for eggs. That's a bit eh. :<The Tavern is bigger and has more fetures, which I'm quite a fan of.Over all this game has an amazing potential. I'm excited to see what becomes of it. ♥"
,Recommended,236110,15570150,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Avgerinos,very good game
76561198022773324,Recommended,236110,16466367,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Heartseed,I have played the other games too of Dungeon Defenders and this one even though its in early access and theres so much more to add to the game I think that this game will be successful and when they will make it free there will be alot of players and it wouldnt be frustrating to find match like it happend in eternity so far i can say that the developers listen to the community and only improve the game and I am looking forward to see how the game will be in the future when it will be out of early access (:
76561198036464375,Recommended,236110,16491981,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Yemanja,"Great game ! When you can actually play it ... I mean the issue is well known (you find everything on google) But seriously, why do a launcher if the launcher itself is what keeps player from actually playing ... Worst bug, no play button on the launcher, and it's so random, I tried everything suggested nothing works, so yeah I know it's a pre alpha and everything but still, this issue has been known for a long time and no one has done anything about it.. But still, great game"
76561198090207392,Not Recommended,236110,32137825,Posted: 2 June,all,Karnak Jr,its a ok game but why did u hate on ark devs srsly why
76561198078498531,Recommended,236110,14016176,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Ok,mite be gud
76561198067677985,Recommended,236110,19490324,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Fudruckers,great tower defense plus loot and levels.
,Recommended,236110,19527032,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,majeh11,"The game is very fun and addictive, but I would reccomend waiting for the full release because it is still very much unfinished. That said, I am a fan of the series and will keep playing this buggy, amazing, unfinished masterpiece. P.S. the microtransaction system in the game is pretty good and you can get everything except for the aesthetics by playing and some of the coolest looking pets are mission rewards so it isn't like you are missing out on a lot if you don't spend money on the game."
,Recommended,236110,20355983,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,plasma,Dungeon Defenders 2 is a really good game. I only play when my wife is able to get one.
,Recommended,236110,19830712,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ganthefan,Continually being worked on. Amazing game that lives up to the original. 10/10
76561198203464408,Recommended,236110,19025528,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,dotfearafk,"For a game that's only in Alpha, it's super fun.The bugs are small and don't affect/ruin any experience i've had so far.Graphically its amusing and colorfulThe gameplay can vary greatly depending on who you play with/asThe changes from DD1 are fun, and the characters are all enjoyable to play[I've got at least a lvl 30 of each at this point]Looking forward to seeing what else comes out with the game as it developsAnd so far I've yet to have a negative interaction in the online communityExcept for the one random every now and again who puts a tower facing the wrong way.Highly recommend to friends143/500 deaths completedchallenge accepted >:D"
,Recommended,236110,19146876,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,PiTcHBlacK,"Can never get enough of this game, always will be great."
,Recommended,236110,19198765,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,MR BOMBASTIC FANTASTIC ROMANTIC,"It certainly has its offs and flaws, but considering that this game is still in Alpha, I can see great potential of this game knowing that the first game was a big hit as well.8/10"
76561197961415320,Recommended,236110,19199487,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Meku,This is the best Alpha Game I have ever played more content and complete than most realesed games nowadays... Still gets tons of updates and a dev team that like to findout what the players love about their games.If you liked the first one they didn't change it too much yet most added tons of content like different modes how items affect play new skills and such.Also if you like tower defense games with a RPG elements this one is for you.
76561197974839030,Recommended,236110,19202432,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hackbot,"Great game, lots of changes from the first game which makes it feel like a more complete game from the start."
,Recommended,236110,19203337,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,◀️Bob9117▶,fun to play with your friends oh wait i dont have any friend it fun to play with stragers or  by yourself
,Recommended,236110,19231881,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FahQueue,It has cats that fly around with helicopter backpacks.10/10
,Recommended,236110,19357643,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[TW]Ce2,"got the game since early access, it's been such a great experience, starting from only having campaign mode, the devs always deliver more and more on every patch, i can't wait to see what they bring out next!"
,Recommended,236110,19388352,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Geddy Lee,"This game is a great social experience, and a fresh tower defense strategy game that reminds me how awful I am at this type of game! Tons of dam-fun, I meant fun!"
76561198059443055,Recommended,236110,19636164,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Alyxsia,"First I would like to say that yes, I do recommend this game. I absolutely love Dugeon Defenders and I watch the patch vlogs that come up to see what is going on and keep track of its development. This is an awesome game and I can't wait to see what they come out with. Please download and play the game.Learn the strategies and don't think that placing towers and traps willy-nilly is going to help. If there is someone that is trying to take the lead, listen to them and offer a suggestion if you don't like it.However I do say the one con is, that I paid for this game and then it became free. I gladly gave money to support the development of the game because I believed in it. What frustrates me is the lack of regard for those players that supported the game. The least the developers could have done was created something exclusive for those of us who payed for the game to help support it. It would have shown our support in the games development when it was Pre-Alpha."
76561198066881707,Recommended,236110,19660059,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cloverborn,"Ridiculously fun both solo and with friends. Beautiful levels, hundreds of unique weapons and armors, unique ways to play, complex leveling system and much much more. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,236110,19718817,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Free Rick 2k16,"I've been playing since the first Dungeon Defenders came out, and I have to say that I'm impressed by the level of depth that the sequel has. This game allows for more customization of your character, and multiple classes during a game adds for different roles really standing out, yet synergizing so well with eachother. Such a great game"
76561198050086494,Recommended,236110,19736369,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Zepol,very fun game
,Recommended,236110,19755560,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Daizbid,"A must have for any Dungeon Defenders fan.It has been F2P for a while, so even if you're unsure you can try it without worrying about wasting money :D"
76561198048536634,Recommended,236110,19896381,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,MistaHat,Can someone explain to me why i paid 30$ for this and now its f2p? What did i get out of that?
,Recommended,236110,19907008,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jules,Ok
76561197979005090,Recommended,236110,19913810,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,d1a2h3,"As for worry about this being a pay to win cosmetics are the purchase and they have some cool options. Secondly you can character slots and bag space this is a conveinence thing.this game is fantastic if you like tower defense this has one aspect that many fail to capture progression. I have played some with character progression that is largely useless beyond basic unlocks. The progression is far better than that in this games. Then once you develop/ (use someone elses) strong strategy the game is beat.However couple things that are sad the grind is long even longer for solo players. Because you need to level/gear multiple characters for more advanced builds. However the newest patch fixed and worsened this (if your casual 100 times easier if you live this game then worse). They made appropriate stats more likely to end up on useful gear. So if your a tower builder you get tower stats instead of tower and character stats. Where it is harder is if you are a elitist there was 1-2 big secondary stats on 1-2 pieces of gear. So they broke it up and put it on multiple pieces of gear in smaller values. So in order to roll ""max"" potential gear it is harder.  So in short you climb the ladder faster but last 1-2 rungs are harder to get.Problems are there but overall fun tower defense that is more than reach level cap/unlock best tower use strategy win. Community is small so join make this game known get a friend to play."
,Recommended,236110,20173470,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BiscuitBro,"r u serious. its ftp now. i spent like 30$ on this. aw mang dis sucks. is ok. pretty good game. i like, ;)."
,Recommended,236110,20266861,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PandaSwaqq,I find it stupid that they made this game free due to how i had to buy this for 15 dollars while others got it for free. The game graphics are pretty decent though. Also it is fun to play with your friends.
,Recommended,236110,19136174,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Error,"Sequel to the amazing Dungeon Defenders and Dungeon Defenders Eternity. An action tower defense game that's absolutely thrilling to play with friends. It has an amazing soundtrack, the pets are cute, the attack animations are spot on, and it'll only get better from here!~ It's currently only in open alpha, everything is subject to change. To those of you who think it's not as good as the first or it's the same as the first, look at the lifetime that DD1 had. They had plenty of time to iron out the game and add a bunch of DLC. This game will be so much better. It's already one of my favorite games, I will support it in any way that I can! Please give this game a chance! The Alpha and the Beta are for testing the game out! Vote on the initiatives! Make. The. Game. Better!!"
,Recommended,236110,19182092,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jimκ,"This game is a surprisingly good successor to Dungeon Defenders 1, I'm glad they didn't go with the initial plan by making the successor into a MOBA. Not that I have anything against MOBAs, but it just didn't seem right as a Dungeon Defenders 1 successor.Let's take a look at this game. The first thing you'll notice (If you played DD1) is the change in artstyle, it looks alot like the artstyle you see in MOBAs which is to be expected since this game was going to be one at first, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing-- on the contrary, the simplistic artstyle makes things in maps way easier to spot.The maps in Dungeon Defenders 2 look beautiful, but what saddens me is the lack of originality in quite a few maps.  In Dungeon Defenders almost every map looked different, but there are still maps to come so I can't really complain.Another thing I noticed is the balancing, the balancing of weapons in Dungeon Defenders 2 is way better than the balancing of weapons in Dungeon Defenders 1. The only thing I dislike is the lack of weapon types like the ones that Dungeon Defenders 1 had.One thing that bothers me in Dungeon Defenders 2 is the pinging flag, if you don't know what I'm talking about it's the flag that you use to highlight a part of the map (When you press C). In Dungeon Defenders 1, you had a fairly noticeable ping flag that also had the characters saying ""HEEYOO!"". There aren't any shouts in Dungeon Defenders 2, if you're far away from the player that tries to highlight something and you don't pay attention to the minimap you won't even notice he pinged.Minor thing: Some of the costumes have terrible model rigging, this should be fixed.Overall: I recommend this game, it's free so check it out!"
76561198161470377,Recommended,236110,20146977,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aronov175034621,cool game
,Recommended,236110,19011609,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,LinKitty,"Fun tower defense game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,236110,19243162,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Toaster Tub,This is a must have for all fans of dungeon defenders. Honestly surprised that more people on my friends list dont have this game becasue as of now its gone F2P. This game is great and i've been following its development since pre-alpha. The team developing it does a great job of listening to community feedback and interacting with us on where we think the game should go. It's amazing to see how the game has evolved thus far and I cant wait to continue to see the game and it's community grow even larger!
76561198028397105,Recommended,236110,19539293,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Legend,Amazing but takes a good investment of time
76561198162146665,Recommended,236110,19609273,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Fluffy,"Like, I want to LOVE this game I don't mind the bugs, loading screens or grinding system. That main  reason is that i spent $50 for 2 copies before it was free and that is just stupid. Oh you bought the game? Well here is nothing for you. Like at least give some type of compensation other than what you ornginaly get with the $50 I spent. I just wish they would have notified us other than milking us for our cash and not telling us that the game would eventually be free."
76561198229512420,Recommended,236110,20310430,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,You're a Wizard Gary,This is a very good game you dont have to know the story from the first one to play it and i recommend atleast giving it a try.
,Recommended,236110,20340181,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Woodsy,"Better then the first one, They have tried to make it less grindy didnt work still grindy"
,Recommended,236110,19187044,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sir Hazard,Not as good as the first but still a solid game.
76561198204553893,Recommended,236110,19338398,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,doug1293,Tower defense/RPG Fun game to play with friends.
,Recommended,236110,19367278,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fred Scarlet,"Its fun, thats it."
,Recommended,236110,20112762,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SchildGecko78,Coolest game in the world. :D
,Recommended,236110,19113794,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dave Dave,"To start things off this game at its current form is no where near DD1 but I can see the potential it has and I'm currently addicted even if it's in alpha.The loot system is a bit broken and I don't understand how legendarys at a the same level have less Ipwr compared to a mythic.Anyways as a final note try the game it's free to play, just don't hate on it too much cause it's in ally and a lot can change from now to beta where I can see some massive changes will be doneAnd a side note I loved the Halloween update it was great can't wait for Christmas to come so I can get some skins for my monk and apprentice"
76561198104066044,Recommended,236110,19413253,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,QQSB,Really fun game to pass time.Taking TD games to the next level.
,Recommended,236110,16089171,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Best Nerd,"It's awesome.Need I say more?If so, then the game is a Role Play/Tower Defense/Third-Person-Shooter type of game. The intro is a bit rough (there is no intro at the time because of very early gameplay) and the works are hard to get at first, but once you figure everything out, the gameplay is very satisfying. Also, NO MORE PAID CURRENCY. I FREAKING PAID TO GET THIS GAME. IF I'M ON THE BANDWAGON OF GETTING YOUR FREAKING EARLY ACCESS GAME, THEN I SHOULD NOT HAVE TO PAY TO UNLOCK ITEMS. THERE ARE MORE PAID COSTUMES THAN COSTUMES THAT COME WITH THE GAME."
76561198077313370,Recommended,236110,26053268,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Granger,"Great Game, takes sometime to get into but is really rewarding not to mention how the dev team cares for their players"
,Recommended,236110,26079893,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nikkybro,"This game is honestly great! me and my friend have been playing together and we even started livetsreaming it! I havent been able to play much since I started working but this game is a must have.Pros- You have a choice to pay or not.Now as someone who couldnt afford to buy things before, I find this game lets you enjoy the experience without taking away your favourite game elements. You can still get the Mystic or the Lavamancer you just have to take the time to enjoy the game :) and actually earn the in game cash to get them.- The game has a lot. Now what eveyone wants in the gaming industry is stuff to do and this fufills that. The game has the option to play how you see fit (being a defensive or an attacking standpoint) You can play as multiple characters and you can also have a variety of pets (there is so much more than just that)-The game is multiplayer! and this is the type of multiplayer I like to see. The type where you need to work with your team to get the best possible outcome. Now the games multiplayer allows you to play with just friends or with some fellow Dungeon Defenders around the world!- The game is in early access and you can really connect with devs and the others within the community. I never ever ingage in a game to report bugs or talk to the others but this game really invited you into doing that! The community may not be too large but I promise the people you meet are mostly great!-Updates. The game is always being worked on. I report bugs and they fix them when they can. if they are game breaking they get to it instantly. AND NEW CONTENT! I already was here to witness the Mystic come into play and the campaign to get a total overhall! (SO new stuff is coming all the time basically)Cons- Now this list is short but I need to say some of the things that need fixing- The game is not very optimized! (character optimized) The gun witch (which has already been nerfed) is overpowered! doing 300k damage with extremely weak gear is kinda crazy! Now the game isnt broken because of this but it does feel like some characters need to be worked on to allow for a more enjoyable time- Bugs. Being early access this is normal and honestly they dont have that many but they need to go through the bug report list and just overhall a large portion just to fix the current problems before they add more content- Gameplay wise I both love and hate campaign. when i started you couldnt just get to 50 in one playthrough of it which was amazing! it made me want to play and earn that level! I hate how easy it is but I honestly see a fix. I think once you have beat a certain point or beaten every level in nightmare IV you should be able to play a whole new difficulity called nightmare V where you can continue to level up (like to level 80 or even 100)-Now as I just said I want more challenge. I love the way it is but I would love for an update which added as I said before a new difficulty level!That is about it for my cons of this game and mostly they were not even that important! The game is great and once you get into late game you really just will wanna keep on playing and learning new things. I can honestly say I will continue to play this game and I would love to help anyway I can with development, whether that be through reporting bugs or one day submitting my own character idea! Thanks for reading and I hope this helped people come to decision. :) HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON MY FELLOW DEFENDERS!"
76561198063152114,Not Recommended,236110,30740531,Posted: 25 March,all,TheRivik,Bad
76561198067652772,Recommended,236110,15745944,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Hippo of Nimbleness,"Like farmville, but better."
,Recommended,236110,17434733,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,LordDelmar,"It might be early access, but Trendy seems to be doing a good job of listening to the players.  Yes, people will complain because changes are made and it affects how they play but that is where we learn to adapt.  At its heart, the game is the same idea as Dungeon Defenders 1 but with better animation, added gameplay elements and some nice maps.The game is tower defense but you run around, attacking enemies while your towers slow down the hoard of baddies.  Notce, I said slow down, not stop or do the work for you.  If you want a game were you set up towers and let them do the work for you, this isn't the game for you.  You must be active in the defense or you will fail.The loot system is instanced, so no more people stealing your loot.  MAna for enemies killed is shared, so you must be careful and cooperate.  Yes, you will run into the occasional moron that just wants to ruin your game by setting up meaningless defenses, but it is easy to kick them out.Overall, if you are looking for a COOPERATIVE game, this is it and it is family friendly.  Drop in and drop out is supported and if someone leaves that is important to completing the objective, their towers stay!  Again, Trendy finds a way to make sure you have a good time."
76561198122541502,Recommended,236110,17492132,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Echoslammin,"Un♥♥♥♥ing playable. Freezes everytime I try to even one game e on the loading screen. I get that Early Access is where the money is at, but come the ♥♥♥♥ on. I haven't even seen ingame♥♥♥♥♥♥yet. Fix this. Now."
,Recommended,236110,29512995,Posted: 26 January,all,Yvillain,"Wow. I have so many memories of playing the original dungeon defenders on my xbox 360. It was the first game I bought on the store, and back then microsoft points were still a currency. The game became even more fun after discovering the glorious wealth of modded weapons. Hoooolyyyyyy sheiße, were those modded weapons amazing. I am so glad this game is free and, even though I haven't played it for an insane amount of time, I am looking forward to reaching endgame!tldr; get this awesome game b/c its free"
76561198276489515,Recommended,236110,29524984,Posted: 27 January,all,Megaplasmoid,"It is a good game but, Why Is it not working? it started back to an early acess game. I dont know why is it not working on my computer anymore. i have also agreed to the eula and i did not break the eula. I had even redownloaded it and still that did not work. but it is still a good game though."
76561198049478086,Recommended,236110,32776737,Posted: 25 June,all,Gaiden,i have played dungeon defender since the first one released when so when dungeon defenders 2 was released i was happier then a kid at christmas i have now been playing DD2 since it released into early accsess and at first as you might expect it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was buggy as hell you could not join the servers and a general lack of content but i just before the official release the game had reached a point where i would not change anything i did not encounter any bugs or server problems and alot of more content was added with more to come and i find the game more balanced than the first one it does not realy have any must use strategies like maxing tower attack speed and range in the first game u basicly got a op machine gun ballista and killing everything even after they left it it was still op i feel that every hero in DD2 has there own strengths and weaknesses and i have almost max leveled them all excluding prestige i realise that trendy has a problem with there servers at the moment because they have just officialy released the game and i know all to well that online based game servers♥♥♥♥♥♥them selfs on release day so i dont care that some peapole cant play att the moment for im ready to wait until they fix the games server problems for i love this game and realy injoy playing it and would recommend it to anyone that injoys tower defence games
76561198014129364,Recommended,236110,17426434,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ahmad_mabrook1,the game great but my xbox one controller not work :(
,Recommended,236110,17419823,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,PixelThePyro,"Great game so far! A little repetitive after a while, and a bit grindy, but a good game so far. I do reccomend this, but I wish for these 3 things:1: Easier/more character customisation.2: Controller support.3: You should be able to remove eggs during incubation and reset the timer on incubation."
,Not Recommended,236110,14143283,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,個個都想拍拖,"Wipe everything,including our efforts and incentive to play your shity game.Why Early Access?“We want to build a great game with you. For the past year and a half, we’ve had a dedicated group of community members playing Dungeon Defenders II. These players have helped create a fun, rewarding core experience that we think you’ll love. We still have plenty of features to add and can’t wait for you to play and share your thoughts with us.BTW,We Will Wipe Every♥♥♥♥♥♥You Got And Put The Game For Free In The Future"
76561198179675006,Recommended,236110,23569709,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,iSkeptical,"People who are saying its Pay To Win, Well...Obviously you havn't spent 300+ hours like myself actually playing the game instead of making excuses and complain.Defence Medals are actually very easy to save up. I got both characters in about 2 months.People who are playing maps just for coins, I find that rather dumb, thats like doing nothing for you at all...If you actually save up your medals and not spend it to open crappy skin boxes, or upgrading your items with it instead of using gold, or blowing it on uber spheres, making extra same heros than what you have, its no wonder why you are taking forever... Those little costs adds up you know.Anyhow, I'll give you a little secret on how to play NM4 and get Defence Medals easy.Learn to build... I've seen some people who just have no clue on how to play the game.. Having Wizard and Squire gear on Huntress... Or Wizard & Squire having Huntress and Monk gear... Its like seriously, do people not know how to read?The best way for medals and bonus quests and daily quests. Always reroll quests that offer less than 250 medals. Current bonus is 600 medals. 3 days of 200-250 medals, 600-750 medals. Thats already 1200-1350 medals... In three days... 2000 in about 6-7 days... so about a months work and about 30mins to an hours play every day, you unlock a freakin amazing character for free...thats PayToWin? Lol... Most games charge you money and don't even offer you a free alternative.Spend hours upon hours grinding, its what all experienced players do to get their gear, and every person thinks we just P2W, thats not true... At all. With these players with less than a hundred hours are ruining the reputation of this game because they don't know how to play and fail to understand it, and hardly spent their time playing it and learning it. This is a slow pacing game, and if you don't like to spend your time grinding for gear with just the right stats, you will never be able to progress into NM4.Even with my hours, I just barely scratched the surface of NM4, I have at least another hundred to two hundred more hours till I'm full out equipped with legendaries and maxed out their levels.Another thing to considerThis game is in ALPHA... There will be bugs, its still in early developement and Trendy has gone a long ways since start up. Give them time, its a beautiful game, with beautiful potential. They arn't even done with heros yet, it will be some time till they have another revamp, because they are still working on the foundations of the game.If you can't stand bugs and updates, thats your fault, not the games. Having a bug free test phase for a game is just impossible...But I do have to agree with some things at its current state:Lacking things to do when level 50, Once you progress into NM4 you find yourself just doing the same thing over and over, same things if you hit a wall and unableto progress into NM4.It seems to lack challenge sometimes.I feel restrained and held back by the current level cap and caps on all stats.All decent skins cost money (but what game doesnt do that) but offers some free ones if you follow on twitter.But most of these (if not all) are only temporary and the devs are already discussing this.What I don't agree withPay To Win Game...Just lazy people who can't build and didn't put the time and effort in the game. I feel they just expect things to be fed to them, not earned. I earned about 15k medals pretty easily over the course of a few months, they expect to make that in a week. What a joke. If making money without working was a thing, hook me up."
,Recommended,236110,23610657,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FroschTiger,Just an awesome game. It has everything someone  needs for a quick casual game after you've got some work done.The community is great and the gameplay itself is easy to understand.
76561198154697405,Recommended,236110,16331575,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,i play 5,HARDEST GAME EVER BUT FUN ARRARG
,Recommended,236110,30234566,Posted: 27 February,all,LuckyNitro,"A pretty good game, loading is really slow though."
,Recommended,236110,29988157,Posted: 17 February,all,CallMeCav,Its such a amazing game.
47232132685643586,Recommended,236110,17284455,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Gippy,"Hey i need help whenever i go the play screen and press play then later it says Searching Session then it keeps saing that for a very long time it wont let start up the game, i dont understand plz help"
76561198151320725,Recommended,236110,29989073,Posted: 17 February,all,U Wot M8,very good game hehexd
,Not Recommended,236110,31317228,Posted: 23 April,all,WirlWind,"2/10 - I gave it some time and it just got worse each time I checked in...Loot boxes?Hero ""decks""?Just buy Dungeon Defender's: Eternity. Much better game."
,Recommended,236110,31356475,Posted: 25 April,all,Slicebananas,"If you're into some grinding and tower defense games, this is a must try. Needs some bug fixes and tweaks before it's an actual good game, but it has potential"
76561198073672954,Recommended,236110,15285100,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Where's My Fuckin Son,it rely gd i luv it lot
76561197993782571,Recommended,236110,22661699,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,PHOENIX,"if u love not to play games, this is the one for u constant disconnect"
76561197967302403,Recommended,236110,33776583,Posted: 24 July,all,Stretch,"It is fun and has evolved quite a bit from DD1.  There is SO much potential in different ""combo"" strategies that make the game quite interesting.  I love theorycrafting a strategy and testing it out to see if my crazy ideas work.on the F2P aspects:  You can actually beat the campaign with the free heroes rather easily (make sure you load them all into your active deck so they all get experience!).  By doing so, you will also gain enough free in-game currency to obtain a few of the extra heroes without ever spending a dime of your own money.However, if you do want to master the post-campaign end game content without spending real $ it can be quite a grind.Since it's free you might as well try it!"
76561198000461274,Recommended,236110,33856368,Posted: 28 July,all,Blenderfist,This game rocks. Hours of fun and the replayablility is pretty high as there are a lot of different heroes to play. Definitely worth your time if you enjoy tower defense or FPS type games.
76561198091311922,Recommended,236110,18128576,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,chris10,the game is awesome way better then the first game and worth the download. Game is not pay2win.game is alot of fun the game is now going free to play on october 13
,Recommended,236110,30452929,Posted: 11 March,all,Fabi,There are many nerfs and buffs coming and going but overall it is funny to play from time to time and also they listen to what the people say and what the players critisice.
,Recommended,236110,15822699,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,They patched the adding of cannons on top of light poles10/10
76561197971088364,Not Recommended,236110,18576341,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Rale,Could have just upgraded the graphics of the first one and woula been the next best thing.
,Recommended,236110,26740442,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Obesity,"There are a lot of reviews talking about how buggy the game is. And there definitely are noticeable bugs, but I find that it doesn't bug me too much. :) Neither I nor any of my friends have had the game crash on us, or have any bugs that affect the actual gameplay in game. The only bad bug I encountered was one that stopped my friend from starting the game with certain video settings. It was easily fixed with a google search then altering a config file to set the game to windowed, but players certainly shouldn't have to alter a config file to even play the game."
,Recommended,236110,26121568,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Josh,"It's a Free to Play game, and very Fun Imo. Try it and see and if you dont like it wait till its out of EA maybe? :P"
,Recommended,236110,34770443,Posted: 5 September,all,TheAcen,"This game has a pretty interesting difficulty curve after you've finished the campaign. There aren't any real play-to-win that you can't get without just playing for a few days.I've played this game on and off since it's release after playing DD1 for a pretty large number of hours. It takes simply playing the game for awhile to pick up some best practices so that you can work with the rest of your team. If someone else is building, upgrade their primary defences. If you have a question about what to do just ask.After campaign, get into the Chaos levels and just follow around the people that know what they're doing. The viability of every character is a major improvement in the more recent upgrades so just play what you think you'll enjoy.There are a lot of guides around in terms of how to build characters and such, your first real task is just getting to level 50. Great chance to learn the game. Good luck."
,Recommended,236110,32605751,Posted: 20 June,all,[STO]KingDragon,"10/10, very polished and developed, it is a great sequel to Dungeon Defenders 1, and is overall getting better with the positive communtity and the fact that they listen to the communites. Would absolutely reccomend, now that it's free to play, I had bought it during early release and do't regret it because I gave to the developers."
,Recommended,236110,17933565,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Snowball,You can hatch flying cat potatos from eggs.
76561198159150530,Recommended,236110,14138094,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Siegward of Catarina,I bought this game and am now♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But do still get it even though it is free to play although get some friends to get it as well.
76561198049022372,Not Recommended,236110,22464994,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,loganjhunter,"I was a huge fan of DD1 when I played it on my Xbox 360 to the point that I got it on sale for PC. I ended up signing up and started playing the pre-alpha of DD2 back shortly after it came out. It had a lot of promise, I put a good amount of hours into it creating 5 characters and leveling them all up. Getting gear and making the jump from NM2 to NM3 or NM4 is pretty difficult and you need to put in more time than I really have. With each update that goes by it seems like the game strangely enough gets worse. I've spent a good amount of time and money on the game and have considered just giving up on it. I can't in good conscious recommend the game right now, months ago I would of said jump on it, it's more stable than AAA titles out there in the pre-alpha state that it was in. But Trendy seems to be moving more and more away from what the community is asking for. With each update I have hope that they'll turn things around but it never happens. I can only hope that the 40 million that they just won in that lawsuit will get put into this game and make it better.-Edit 7/8/16It's nice that they appear to be trying with the new updates. But the game gets more and more glitchy with each release. I hope they turn things around at some point because this is getting out of hand. Gun Witch looks to be promissing and the EV2 is fun to play. But its hard when they game keeps lagging and enemies are walking through walls and then studdering back into place. I don't want to get into how many times I met an untimely demise due to going off an edge or getting hit by something that I never even saw because of it."
,Recommended,236110,27624284,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,legion160,"Look at the end of the day all I can say is try it, yes it has its flaws, yes it has bugs, but even so for costing you nothing but a bit of time that seems pretty reasonable to me. The devs might not always have the best direction for the hardcore fans but at least they try, its more than I can say about alot of devs, also we have one of the best community managers around Iamisom."
,Recommended,236110,23102350,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,KingWatkins,I payed for the game when it first came out. Now its free.
,Recommended,236110,18463221,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ITS JOHN O'CLOCK MOTHER F*CKERS,I got this game when it was first out i played DD on pc. This game maked me feel like i have a fun game to play for 2 hours at a time its not really OMG i need to grind this its a chill relax game and i got it when it was $20 so suck it free to play ♥♥♥♥♥es 8/10
76561198007496286,Not Recommended,236110,19735020,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SmileyCyrus,"Nay I say.Overpowered heroes behind paywalls to entice you to buy them, basically a p2w.  DD was (still is) fun.  DD2 is a cash grab.  Thinking they went over budget and damn near bankrupt for DD2 because they have been in early access for so damn long.  They went to this f2p p2w model during this time...  I am guessing it is their last ditch effort to grab cash to either push the game out or to line their pockets before they close the doors.  Either way it is a bad idea.Anyone rating it up and saying this isn't so probably has paid out the butt for the p2w content and want some people to play with and show off what they bought.  They also know that without new suckers...err players the game could fail and they will lose all their p2w money and stuff...Nay, I say.  NAY"
,Recommended,236110,29785168,Posted: 8 February,all,ナーガラージャ,"not like other tower defense, u need a hero too :D"
,Recommended,236110,18878136,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,siggi bizkit,EXTREMELY fun to play with friends
,Recommended,236110,17383639,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Renok the Locksmith,"If you enjoyed DD1 or similar games (Sanctum or something) this is the game you should by instantly.The game might still be in early access, but it's pretty well done for the current state of pre-alpha.Pros:- Campaign with quite funny storyline- Multiple Charackters per player, per match- EPIC LOOT- More Missions after main campaignCons:- some lags from time to time- not that easy to play aloneYou might be able to use multiple charackters in one match, due to the ""hero deck"", but you still need a full team to complete matches on higher difficulties.After completing the campaign my first though was: ""Well? That's it? Well okay, it's still pre-alpha...""Then I saw all the other modes, like onslought, incursion, endgame and more. So, pre-alpha, ton of content."
76561198012608943,Recommended,236110,17366727,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,genovanhook,Fun tower defense co-op game
,Recommended,236110,13261994,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,-=CotS=- Wadsworth,"Fun to play.Still in Pre-Alpha and minor glitches appear quite often.The game isn't polished and it feels a bit unbalanced and a bit empty...But I already fall in love with this game and it's community.Played 2 games with strangers.Felt good to actually play a game with a bunch of strangers and not get flamed all over.Hope the games community doesn't change back to what it was back in DD1.For now...Would I recommend to buy this game.It's a fudging Pre-Alpha. It looks ok, feels ok and it's missing a ton of content.Still, if you have something for RPG Tower Defenses to play with some friends.If you enjoy being part of a community, watch a game grow and maybe even influence it.This Early Access could be something for you."
76561197989031426,Not Recommended,236110,15616832,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ric Dangerous,"Very disappointing.I wanted this game from release and happened to see it on sale and quickly bought it. I know its still in its Alpha stage, but I don't feel I can play it just yet without being left frustrated.After loading I was forced to join multiplayer tavern with NO option to choose not to (I'm on wireless and lag ruins any online play). On top of this the sheer amount of menus and the lack of tutorial (what happened to the simplicity of the first game) make navigating an absolute chore (its not about learning what goes where over time, I just want to kill stuff, not to dress a frigging barbie).After eventually finding my way into a single player tavern, I found in-game playable but it didn't grip me, it's not even a patch on the first DD. The graphics have been increased (and by that I mean, the screen is now filled with useless things  such as more grass and frilly bits to make the game look better) making smaller enemies and important pathways harder to see, it looks great but its just annoying. Some of the interactable objects are difficult to click on as it is, these small irritations just make the experience frustrating.Lastly the most annoying 'feature' of all - What game in the history of non-mmo games has ever forced you to join multiplayer and then and only then can you move to single player?I know I am reviewing an early access alpha, but I don't see these things changing after reading various forum posts, especially the starting social taverns.I think I will probably stick to the first game to get my tower defense fix, at least its my choice if I want to go online."
76561198052391460,Recommended,236110,13277266,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,WHOAPONY,"Let me first say, if you played and enjoyed DD1, that does not mean that you will enjoy this in early access. I reccomend it for HARDCORE fans of the game, people who are willing to play with issues and help fix the game while enjoying the process. Do NOT buy early access if you are wanting to come home from a hard day of work and kill some orcs. Early access is for people who are paying money to support the game, not to play the game. Having said that, as long as the devs live up to what they have said DD2 will be at the time of release, it will be a must have especially emphazised by the free to play but not pay to win aspect.Current gameplay is fun... at times. The matchmaking system can be frustrating, as you can be paired with players who are new to Dungeon Defenders entirely and have no clue what they are doing, while you on the other hand are a seasoned veteran with hundreds of hours of experience in DD1. This is due to the fact that in order to win more difficult maps, everyone has to know what they are doing because not one map is designed to be defended by a single player.Here is why:Multiple, multiple lanes, enemies seem a bit too tough right now, ranged enemies are almost always outside the range of your defenses, so unless a defender is actively defending a lane, it will go down due to ranged attackers in a matter of (short) minutes.This makes single player gameplay nearly impossible and with matchmaking appearing to be entirely luck as to being partnered with experienced or nonexperienced players, gameplay has a ways to go.Content is also lacking, but this is not a surprise as weapons, abilities, towers, maps, and much more are sure to be added within the next year.The good: Graphics, core mechanics and most map design look and feel very good at max settings. Everything that has been put in the game is quality, nothing feels rushed and heroes are for the most part good.Thoughts: Melee heroes seem weak compared to ranged heroes as they lose health rather quickly, and do the same DPS as ranged heroes. Towers could use some buffing, or enemies some nerfing *cough* ranged *cough*. Matchmaking and single player modes need work.After all the negativity, why a thumbs up? DD2 (for early access) is good. I gave it a thumbs up because those who want to help DD2 become a great game will be able to do that without walking away from the game because it sucks orc. Most everything that has been implemented is quality (I'm looking right at matchmaking and singleplayer when I say most)and I'm sure that is the way new aspects of the game are going to be implemented as well.To restate: If you are wanting to buy the game to help the development process then you will not be dissapointed, however if you are wanting to buy the game to play it like DD1 STAY AWAY for another year. So far this game has lots of promise, I can't wait to see what it will be like this time next year!"
76561198002590403,Recommended,236110,13263810,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sardon,"Good game with a lot of potential, stable and pretty advanced for a *pre-alpha* but in the actual state, it lack a lot of content it take around 10h to see everything and start to be repetitive unless you dont mind to do some heavy grinding to have the level requirement to pass to the next tiers of difficulty."
,Recommended,236110,13262073,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fury,"I don't understand how this game is considered pre-alpha.... easily one of the most polished games I've seen in years and not even in beta yet, and that is counting AAA titles.  Improvements on the original all the way around, except for the lacking of optional classes (barbarian was my favorite in the original).  Definitely not just a rerelease with changed models, completely new gameplay mechanics, very entertaining to relearn how to play a familiar feeling game.  I'm not sure whats going on with the whole f2p situation, like most claiming won't be pay2win, time will tell.  All in all if you enjoyed the original, you'll enjoy this."
76561197966474728,Not Recommended,236110,22068027,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,sfn,"Do not recommend this game. Go on the DD2 forums and read the ""Game Feedback"" subforum for a good idea of all the things that are wrong with this game. I used to LOVE DD1 and I'm still playing DD2 because it genuinely is fun but I hate myself for it because Trendy truly just don't deserve anyone's support at this point.There are countless easily fixable bugs which have existed for who knows how long and keep getting ignored because the devs are too busy creating the next moneygrab event or whatever. Bugs you come across every single time you play. They're not critical but they can be extremely annoying, especially considering the fact that they could all probably be fixed in a single day by a competent programmer. The heroes are grossly unbalanced and a lot of towers are completely useless.Inventory space is extremely limited, events and game mechanics(eggs, lockboxes etc) add a LOT of useless clutter items while extra inventory space costs money. The endgame content requires several builder heroes, so many in fact that you have to buy extra character slots just to have everything you need. Many aspects of the game such as item upgrading or spinning this ridiculous event wheel have unnecessary animations you have to sit through and although the upgrade wheel does have a skip function it's really buggy and only seems to work about half the time.Item stats are horrible, there is no leeway or room for customization. There is a certain type of item you want for a certain type of hero and there is no alternative. You get that perfect roll or it's trash.This game has potential to be amazing, the concept is a lot of fun and the artwork in this game is just awe inspiring. Really one of the best looking games I've ever seen. However it's being ruined by the devs seemingly focusing purely on things that can make them money and turning a blind eye to things that will make the gaming experience better for the players. I personally will not spend a cent on this game until Trendy makes a LOT of changes and I will tell anyone who asks to stay away from the game because even if it is a lot of fun right now it's not worth all the frustration caused by bugs and dumb gameplay design decisions.In case anyone's still on the edge about this game, let me illustrate the kind of crap you can expect: There is a gamemode named Onslaught. It is quite hard, possibly the hardest game mode. In Onslaught you can decide what kind of loot you want - weapons, armor, trinkets, pets or gold. Now any reasonable person would expect the gold farming mode to be the most efficient gold farm in the game right? When there is a dedicated gold farming mode you expect that to be a good way to go about farming gold.Well, you'd be disappointed because it's completely useless. You could faceroll a regular campaign map on Easy difficulty and earn more gold than doing the Onslaught gold farm on Nightmare.This is the kind of crap Trendy's playerbase has to put up with. It's not a huge problem in itself, it just illustrates very clearly how misguided the developers are. They add things which make no sense, ignore things that should have been fixed months ago and generally just mess up everything."
76561197989132185,Recommended,236110,13271925,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,pulp-reduced,"Dungeon Defenders II is the struggle for a party of usually four adventurers to defend some type of objective, be it a merchant that unbeknownst to him travelled into an area fraught with danger in the recent invasion, now needing the help of the player to defend his merchandise. Or protecting the city's sewersystem, or any other menial low-level task they have you do to level up and progress. It's a sequel, and therefore permits us to compare and contrast the game to its predecessor and figure out if the game isn't samey enough to warrant an actual purchase.Right away we are met with new contraptions that are fairly interesting, some traps for the huntress has been embellished and made more flashy along with the wizards. But I am missing the old flow of glowing magic missiles. It seems they made things more subtle in terms of world-building, in the process they lost some of the vibrant colorfulness that I enjoyed from the first one. It's also hard to shake the feeling of sameness, that would almost alienate a player of the previous game. Perhaps you find it fun to just have more content, but in reality it means that if you were a hardcore player in this scene you just lost all your characters and would have to be forced to do it all again, those 800 hours for naught. So far I haven't seen what actually sets apart the sequel from the first one.One things that sets it a part in some regards are the spells, they are flashier and a lot more exciting – like the visceral reaction you get with the wizards hurricane spell which lifts your foes into the air and makes the vulnerable to attacks and thereafter dazes them. It's all in the game-world and doesn't suspend the enemy in an animation beyond your hand, like some other games would have a hurricane ability do. Enemies are instead simply lifted up in the air for you to do as you please with, still within the physical world of the game and not transcended into intangible animations. Your attacks have more impact now, perhaps not substantially enough for praise (but it is still in pre-alpha), but they do have a greater feel to them compared to the previous version, nevertheless, the speed of the game is lost in the process. Your new running animation is woefully sluggish and makes it a drag running to and fro to repair, upgrade and defend: the free flow of movement that made the first ones move-set so wonderful is no longer present.Level-wise there are actually some new mechanics that provide use with new contingencies in how to plan out and design your defense. There are often “subcores” that when broken, open up new pathways for the enemies to stream in from. This inhibits you from centralizing your defense or making it easy for yourself – especially in singleplayer – in just stacking all your defense in one pathway. Instead you have to separate your defense-points, that serve only to illuminate the slow nature of the game that I keep going on about.The look of the game has to me improved greatly, in the basic way it looks, not necessarily color-wise or in the sense of uniqueness but still beyond that cell-shaded style we can see everywhere these days. Textures have improved and the maps are more dense with scenic imagery – but in a less fantastical setting, so far. The animations, although slower and the culprit in dulling the game, look a lot better than in the previous game. But is this higher quality animation while more elaborate, better than a lesser quality animation, but that doesn't interfere with high speed exciting gameplay? That's up to you, I suppose. I, for one, prefer the fast gameplay.To really get by – to really breeze by the levels – you need the co-op. If you want it to be difficult, you can do it on your own. As far as I know, it's not like in the first one where you could use different characters interchangeably to build all the defenses you need to clear the level. Unless you can do this, I do kind of enjoy that co-op becomes a reward in itself, but less that it's so forced and difficult to do without. There are points where you have to snipe specific enemies that some contraptions can't get at, and there are characters designed to do just that and without them your defenses are nullified.I clocked in at about 800 hours in the first Dungeon Defenders, it's not something I'm proud of but it shows that there was a depth of content which made the game substantial enough to play for that amount of time. There was a set meta of different characters providing different services that after a while were set in their ways, which stagnated the game. Dungeon Defenders II might change a few of its features and have a brand new look, but that stagnation is at the heart of the experience, even though it's after hours and hours of quite enjoyable gameplay, it results in a slow realization of how pointless this ultimately has been. It is still the cartoony game it set out to be. It can be quite beautiful in some locations and Dungeon Defender is now more lively and vibrant in its world-building, even if it at points is comparably lackluster in gameplay. It's a cheap game considering how much content there is, and how much content is yet to come and I would recommend it, especially if you have some friends to play it with."
76561197961030243,Recommended,236110,13278724,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Rocky - F99th Squid,"This game seems far beyond the Pre-Alpha state that it claims. I have run into very few bugs. I have had a great time smahing through waves of enemys. The towers are cool, the visuals are great, and the gameplay elements I would expect are present. I was worried about micro-transactions, but I haven't run into them on this game at all. Seems like a good time so far!"
76561197984757851,Recommended,236110,13268866,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,the_smurph,"Firstly let me start by saying i was a massive ""accidental"" fan of DD1 after buying it for my boy i found myself hooked, but we got it on ps3 and felt left out content wise. was tempted but refused buying the game for pc aswell. out of principal.As far as DD2 goes, they have really polished things up, it feels like the same game but with parts misisng.for example hero/tower stats was a really crucial part in which way you built your hero, i had a defensive knight and a dps huntress. but in dd2 you have no real freedom to roam, as your stuck inlane babysitting your towers.i know they aimed to get you more involved and as much as i understand why they have done this i cant help but think they should have game modes instead (alike in DD1 towers only/no towers allowed etc etc) im hopefull that in development things will iron out.i had also hoped that customization would play a greater role, i know they have skins coming, but i really expected armour/boots/helms/gloves to act the same as weapons and appear different upon equipping.i havent unlocked enough of the map so cant comment too much, but i am looking forward to mini bosses and challenges rnging from fun to difficult. i really liked the element of entering a boss level on more and more challenging difficulties for greater weapons and i hope it still exists in this sequel.overall id say the game has really grown up and i enjoy it, as does my boy. but it is currently missing some of the charm the original title had is it trying to be too serious.??!fingers crossed our feedback will make this game a true sequel as at the moment it feels too much hack and slash rather than tower defence. balance isnt quite right imo.after playing the game more, i would strongly recomend it to anyone. once you set aside any pre concieved notions about the style and characters its a very fun game to play which will keep depening the more you understand about it. ie/ tower combos, weapon upgrades etc. looking good for things to come."
,Not Recommended,236110,15617138,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Matrim Cauthon,"As of now I absolutely DO NOT reccomend this game at this time. I can't speak on gameplay, mechanics, solo or coop, or even how the game looks. I have yet to be able to actually play the game. The required internet connection is a huge farce. How could you scrap offline play after the success of the first game? Seriously guys what the f***? I'm not sure if offline play will be implimented in the full release but it is highly disappointing that it isn't offline now. I am deployed and very limited on when and where I am able to connect to the internet."
,Recommended,236110,13265067,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,NOEL,good game but DD1 was better than DD2...
76561198051626285,Recommended,236110,13397755,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Might0Potato,OH NO! PUBERTY!
76561198055935336,Recommended,236110,13275859,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Romarbaria,"First off, I love this game. If you are a fan of dungeon defenders 1 you will like this game. Right now the content is pretty lacking (less classes, towers, spells) than dungeon defenders 1. But what do you expect? It's a pre-alpha. I don't really have much time played on this yet so I'm just going to give very brief, very basic pro's and con's.Pros:- Very fun gameplay- Classes are varied and all have their respective places- Great if you want to play with friends- The loot drops all the time so every time you play it's like ""Weeee! Loot avalanche!""- Tons of potential for this to become bigger and better than dd 1Con's:- As said before, currently very limited in it's current state- It is very, very multiplayer based. If you are looking for a game to play by yourself this is probably not for you- Bugs, Balance issues, blah blah. The kind of stuff any person should expect of a pre-alphaOverall this is a great game, I can't wait for the full release to happen."
,Not Recommended,236110,13302130,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Renagabe,"Take dungeon defenders 1, remove 50% of the content, and drop all tower health by 80%. You have DD2. Impossible to play with anyone that isn't a DD1 master."
76561197994208542,Recommended,236110,13273129,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ren,"One of the only couple early access games that I bought and actually did not regret at all. And this one atm is supposed to be super early access considering it is not even alpha, it is PRE-alpha. tbh it looks good enough to pass as beta, if not content-wise, at least in term of how polish the game is right now. It is the most polished game I've seen in any pre/alpha games.I have played the first dungeon defenders quite a bit and imo there is no comparison. This game is better than the original, by miles. The first game felt like a damage crunching game, with damage and HP reaching obscene numbers. And often 1 overpowered character can easily carry the whole game by himself. In this game you cannot do that, you need teamwork, or while single-playing, switching to other characters and synergies towers and skills to be successful. It's no longer just spamming standard towers mindlessly and min-max damage to victory. And I personally love this different direction this game is taking.It's different from the first game, and its a very good kind of different. I wasted an entire weekend on this game the moment I got it. And now all I wish is for this game to be quickly developed to beta and finished game."
,Recommended,236110,13273360,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Melk,fun.
76561198042061772,Not Recommended,236110,29920878,Posted: 14 February,all,Bill4364,"Over 2 years of EA, and the only thing that has been changed is that there are more in game purchases to make. Trash"
,Not Recommended,236110,17903751,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mythman51,RE-review :Alpha and BeyondA Slap in the Face.
,Recommended,236110,15129193,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Aatun,This game is worth every penny if you like tower defence
76561198033649844,Recommended,236110,13307932,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Guilherme,Playing with a friend and have tons of fun!!!
,Recommended,236110,13339009,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,saltynarwalnut,AMAZING BUY IT NOW
76561198045461833,Recommended,236110,13423528,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,I'm Sorry Ms Jaksun,"This is a brilliant game.I don't see how people think that this game is anything like the first one (or DDE)It brings a new feel to the game but still feels like the same old DD that we loved.The face that it's in PRE-ALPHA amazes me even more.To show some support and help out the devolopers, this is a very good pick up for only $25 AUS."
,Recommended,236110,13311384,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,famuel,its good. get it.
76561198153696488,Recommended,236110,13278884,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,linkvortex,i love thes game but the play butten is not ther and so i cant get into the game
76561198132781248,Recommended,236110,15672040,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,UnbuiltGoose,"A thing i like is that on this one you cant just win the game by setting up towers, you have to fight, this game is going to be wonderful when the real game comes out"
,Recommended,236110,15638056,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Narak,"I'm redoing the analysis today 18/09/2015The game just removed the ""PRE"" in Alpha, and it has evolved very well.They're still adding new stuff and the game can be improoved in many ways, but it is a lot of fun, and if you enjoyed DD1 you will enjoy this one too.Do buy."
76561197999674330,Not Recommended,236110,22243725,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Big B,Trendy is trying to sue Wildcard Studios (Ark Survival Evolved)  for hiring a Dev that left Trendy.  No more support from me.
76561198050253030,Recommended,236110,14404358,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Björne,fun game feels like there is a little lack of content right now but im sure that will change
,Recommended,236110,13290509,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lorem,"One of the only ""Early Access"" games that hasn't disappointed. It's well done and pretty stable. For the most part just needs tweaks and adjustments. I feel this is more of a ""closed beta"" not an alpha from quality standards. Very interested to see the future of this game."
,Recommended,236110,13310231,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,DoonhamerLFC,"Still in development and will be a free-to-play upon full release.  So please note, this is NOT A PURCHASE, but a donation with benefits."
76561198022818536,Not Recommended,236110,19024485,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,rodney007xx,"There is just a ""wrong feeling"" with almost every aspect of this game. I try to like it but get fustrated and annoyed. Still love playing DD1. What a Shame"
,Recommended,236110,17255979,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Resident decoy,"Really enjoyed the first one, so far this one is shaping up to far surpass it."
76561197987481270,Recommended,236110,13282514,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,SadHydralisk,"Haven't played much so far but I like it a lot! Admittedly, I played the heck out of the first part. This one feels very smiliar to Dungeon Defenders 1, although there are some new mechanics in the game: Characters now also have abilities, additionally to fighting/shooting and building traps. Also, maps are more interesting, with intermediate goals, secondary objectives, etc. I'm not sure if I like the graphics style that much, but maybe I'll get used to the new ""slimmer"" character models.My favourite: Huntress traps now have a lot more charges than in the first part, making playing Huntress a lot less stressful! :-)If you liked the original Dungeon Defenders, definitely give this one a try!"
76561198055676064,Recommended,236110,13263981,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,BunnyThug,This game is a blast. For an early access game it sure feels smooth and polished. I enjoyed the first DD and i say this is a great buy. Cant wait for things to be implemented!
76561198133114333,Recommended,236110,15676845,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Reggie Belafonte,"Ok let me start off with saying that I a HUGE fan of DD1 spending probably over 500 hours on both PS3 and PC. I enjoyed every moment of playing it, the community was very nice and there was always something to improve on. I would frequently jump into a random lobby and make friends that i would probably play with later. All of the modes were so fun in their own way, whether it be fighting all the bosses back to back, play survival for hours on end, or just trying to land that jump over all of the enemies to get to the last crystal on Assault and never doing it.However this is not a review for the first game, the second one has not reached the point yet that the Dungeon Defenders was at. This is relevant for multiple reasons and its mostly just the fact that the game is not yet complete. Im not yelling at the developers for releasing an incomplete game and charging 25$ for it, quite the contrary actually. Like I said previously the community is great and the developers are listening to all of our ideas to improve the game.Some aspects that are either in progress or not in the game at all are:1 Maps:I think there are a total of 13 maps right now in Dungeon Defenders 2 which is actually pretty good for a pre-alpha game. However in Dungeon Defenders 1 you were allowed many things to do on each map such as nightmare mode to give yourself a real challenge or go on survival with your squire and afk to come back to your treadmill giraffe. Within DD2 there are only to modes easy and hard, easy is very easy and hard is very hard, hard right now is the equivalent of nightmare in DD1 and I hope to see that changed soon.2 Pets:There are 3 eggs I believe that you can get so far, maybe 4 but this is not relevant because it was just introduced very recently. The problem that i have with pets are how you actually hatch them, I have 6.1 hours played and already have 7 eggs that I can't hatch because it takes 8 hours to hatch one pet. I hope to either see pets become a rare fenomenon to where you would only find one every day or so, that way you only need one slot, or have more slots to incubate more pets. I third option is using premium currency to either buy more slots and I know this an idea being passed around but we can also just pay around 200 gems to finish it immediatly.3 Levels:I don't know a whole lot about this subject so im not going to nitpick it too much in fear that I am wrong about it all. But as far as i can see the max level is 25 which angers me so much. In DD1 I think the max level was around 120. (correct me if im wrong, I could never get there) I have played a total of 6.1 hours as I have a level 7 and 14, im already halfway there to the max level, which doesn't take much work to get to. A great part of DD1 was going into a group of 4 people all talking on voice chat and freaking out when you hit that 94 or 98 mark where you can finally use that new weapon that you've been wanting to use for the past week, I'll never forget those times when I can actually see my damage triple just from leveling up once. In DD2 you can't upgrade attributes or skills im not quite sure what they were considered but they made be able to choose how your character works. By level 2 you could either my a DPS or a tower apprentice where as in DD2 you have to buy skill spheres that are very expensive at low levels and cheap at high levels. I understand that these spheres are trying to encourage combos between characters, however there are very few combos and i hope to see more come out soon.4 Offline Mode:Right now there is currently no offline mode in DD2, and im pretty sure you are not planning on creating an offline system. A big reason I liked DD1 was because I could play it even when I had all of my family on the internet. All other modern games are either totally online like the route you are heading now, or they have an offline mode but it's not even fun to play. Some examples of this is (using the most popular PC games of 2015) the number one on this list is League of Legends which only has online capabilities. Number 2 is WoW, same as League, number 3 is CS:GO which has an offline mode that nobody ever plays because it's not challenging or fun. DD2 should have an offline feature so anyone can play it anywhere.5 Tavern:Currently you must join a ""Social Tavern"" that has around 20 people in and you must then walk forward to join either a group play or private match. I don't know about anyone else but when I join this Social Tavern my frames drop to around 20 trying load all of the towers that random people keep putting in and all of the character models jumping around for no reason. All I want to do is join a group so give me that option before I go to the Social Tavern, however the Social Tavern can be used for trading when the F2P game comes out so there is no need to completely scrap the idea.Overall verdict,I am going to keep playing the game mostly because I want to see evolve into something better than DD1, I can already see potential within it, therefore i bought the collectors addition. However if you are looking for a new game to get into either alone or with your friends the best idea is to wait, in the present look either at DD1 to play or another game because this is an incomplete game. If you are someone who likes to get involved in a small community and want to help DD2 become a great game, or your just a huge fan of DD1 that wants to play the next game of the line, then I highly reccomend this game. Currently there is a very small community so you can easily share your ideas with the developing team, which is fun to see them respond knowing they made the game your playing. I hope to see dedicated fans join the DD2 community as it stands right now, and some guys that just want to have a blast with all their friends as soon as the game is launched as F2P.Edit #1: TL;DR If you want support small community get it, if your looking for a game to play immidiatly then don't."
,Recommended,236110,13294902,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,pot,"pre alpha and already having a blast,keep it up :)"
76561198076360961,Recommended,236110,13291264,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,BellFire,"Very Fun Game! Very Nostalgic! Even in it's pre-Alpha phase, it is still a lot of fun. Definetly worth getting now, trap combos encourage diversity and teamwork, there is an unlimited amount of ways to win, map defenses add more strategy (Dump oil on a group, and ignite them with a fire weapon!), mini bosses add panic, optional items to defend let you decide the best course of action. Can't wait for the rest of what to come!"
76561198127252200,Recommended,236110,13273218,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chiknuget,"This is already one of my favorite games and it's merely PRE-Alpha. There are many things I don't like, but the things to come heavily outweigh the bugs and unagreeables. I can't wait to see what this game becomes. Thank you Trendy."
76561198049013428,Recommended,236110,13276517,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jangles the Moon Monkey,"Good game so far, but it doesnt have much content at the moment because its early alpha. Has a lot of potential."
76561198099657771,Recommended,236110,14798325,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,foxy the pirate,i love this game a lot even tho its still in pre alpha.
76561198041404017,Recommended,236110,14319691,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,skorne42,While this is a a fun game it is currently limiting in what you can do. This is pre alpha so expect some bugs and glitches. Right now I only have a little less then 20hrs but I will be putting in a ton more. The dev's seam to listen to what the players what and with the influence system you get to help shape the game (pretty cool). They are adding new things and I can't wait to see how this turns out!
,Recommended,236110,13338214,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Phoenix0nFire,Totally addicted!Basic mechanics much better than DD1.Can't wait for more updates!
,Not Recommended,236110,33093091,Posted: 1 July,all,♥RGC♥ General Eclipse,"This game was great during it's early access days, but sadly when you buy a game for $25 then it all of a sudden goes free to play, you lose respect for a company and the game."
,Recommended,236110,15647644,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Valadain,"The original Dugeon Defenders was simple, fun, and addictive. The sequel, so far, is complicated in ways that will hurt your brain. As in, they don't improve the experience. They are just unproductively more complicated. This pretty well broke the addictiveness of it for me. But, still fun. Better if you didn't play the original I think. It removes the sting of dissapointment.Even with these drawbacks, it is a very good game. Just not in comparison to the game of which it ensequels."
,Recommended,236110,15603159,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,bobert,"Love the game, but lag alot. Dont buy if you can handle DD1 barely"
,Recommended,236110,13290359,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Over_L0ad,"Only played the first couple of waves, although I had the same ecstatic enthusiasm compared to when I played the first dungeon defenders. The major difference with the gameplay compared to the first DF is that you now have an action bar 1-4 for your character's combat skill, which is different than the other 5-8 building bar. If you enjoyed the first Dungeon Defenders this should be a welcoming experience for you."
76561198032111263,Recommended,236110,13632378,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,deathless,as of right now its not as good as the frist
,Recommended,236110,13286399,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Snailmar,Video games are my favorite video game.
76561197997011545,Recommended,236110,13300530,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SebHuet,"Awesome! Even though it's in pre-alpha, you can enjoy some good hack and slashing!10/10"
,Recommended,236110,13285796,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,کBG | Kvitost,GG
,Not Recommended,236110,19322488,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,amphbianalien,This game was awesome when it was $25 I payed for it and loved it but now anyone can come and play it which fills the matches with inexperienced people who have never even played the original game.  There has been so much in this game that it is no longer worth the original $25 I payed for it I am very dissapointed with the way this game turned out.  On release I would rate  8/10.  Now I would rate 4/10
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,236110,14863516,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,天诛,"It's very hard to write a positive review since the game continues to dissapoint me. Don't get me wrong, game has been improved over the original DD. However those improvements feel like a half a step rather than full step forward.Here's why :- Grind. A LOT. I wish the game could respect my time a little more.- Combat : although some things have been improved like ranged/melee combat animations, skills etc. it still feels like a mindless button masher. Melee combat especially with a little bit of auto-tracking ( which is annoying ). Your character moves towards the target when you attack ( just like a pesky girlfriend ) so any tactical manouvers are either hindered or impossible. By that i mean your weapon has a range so you could pass the enemy on his side while still hitting him ( win-win ). However it's hardly possible in this game as your character will just auto-track to the nearest enemy... Add to the fact small corridors and it's becoming apparent that all you need is :- HEAVY focus on GEAR and Levels. Essentially that's all you need. Good gear and very little tactics.- Level design feel cramped  ( imagine huge castles with different paths and you have to stop hordes of enemies while your team mates attack them from above.... ) NOT IN THIS GAME. I utterly hate the level design maps are small, corridors too narrow and it feels really cheap.- when this game releases it will be FREE TO PLAY. NO THANKS.- Your armor are NOT visible! ( you want cosmetics PAY UP ). That is really annoying as I thought that this time around DD 2 will have proper character customisation ( by that i mean you actually see what you equip ). Big immersion breaker for me.- I played DD 1 with my nephew he was round 7 and I feel like this game hasn't progress much from being seen as a childlish. It plays like one, feels like one and I find it very shallow. It's enjoyable when you have someone to play it with... but if you are playing it alone. Just forget it.I can't recommend this game... I bought it because graphics have been improved and combat slightly as well. I was expecting much bigger better version of DD but what I found is just a slight upgrade... which doesn't justify 18 pounds."
76561197996297444,Not Recommended,236110,13703695,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Peter Griffin,"Ealry access opinion.Almost 30 hours in and i'm sick of it which is sad because i played 300 hours of DD1/DDE so i had high expectations for DD2 to be similarly addivctive, but it isn't.Below are the things i don't like if the devs want some player feedback:- The towers were nerfed to oblivion (compared with DD1), they're near usless now which means this isn't so much a strategy type tower defense game as it is a hack and slash fest. Also you're limited to 4 towers per class now, in total!- Because the towers are so weak now you're forced to playing with others along with all the crap that goes along with it (ie noobs with no idea what they're doing), i guess this is intended to save server badwidth?- The eqipment upgrade system was nerfed and is terrible now, don't waste your time bothering to use it because the benefits are mediocre.- Speaking of equipment/loot you're better off not even bothering picking up any loot because it's all terrible, and with 3 bags and a temp bag to search through after every level it's just not worth the hassle. In DD1 i used to look forward to collecting some nice loot and customizing it, such a shame.- Finishing levels doesn't unlock more levels now, instead you're expected to grind and grind and grind the same few levels over and over again to unlock a new ""tier"" so you can continue to grind the same levels over and over again, which gets very boring very fast.- They still use playverse and stupid shared taverns etc, no offline games or lan games. So every time you try and do anything you get ""searching for session"". You can create private taverns after joining the shared tavern, but it's just tiresome and not nessessary. Actually to quit the game it's easier and vastly quicker to do a ctrl0alt-del end task than  the game mechanics of: lclick eave game, wait 30 seconds for timer, wait for ""Searching for session"", wait for loading private tavern, click leave game, wait for loading of shared tavern, click leave game, wait for loading of title screen, click leave game (this time you actually get to leave the game).- The difficulty is sometimes easy and sometimes idiotic, it's jsut so random, sometimes you can solo a level and others on that same level on the same difficulty with the same towers/players the AI will just spam 40 dinosaurs/magic carpets down one lane and even full groups will have absolutely no hope of stopping them. What's up with this?- Coins/money, not sure what to do with these exactly, all the shops sell the same useless loot that drops in the levels.It's just terrible compared with the original ones in my opinion, very dissapointing.Below are things i did like:- Very smooth and stable for an alpha.- The few maps (10?) that there were all seemed good.- Didn't crash on me once."
,Not Recommended,236110,15841893,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zuleru,"Wait until it goes F2P and then play only with friends.  Same 4 classes as the first DD. Would be really fun if the game let you pick who you would play with again and never ever again.What to expect:  At least 1 Huntress wasting trap points on the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥explosive trap so that the rest of the team can't place anything more useful. Then never EVER pressing the ready button.At least one person joining the game you made and you started solo, telling you to sell your traps so they can place one of their own even though you have the same specialty minor slots (makes abilities better) OR the guy who joins and just goes afk, doesn't fight and still gets exp and end round loot.It says it punishes peoples ""social scores"" for leaving rounds early but it doesn't appear to be working at the moment. I'd wait for a few more patches.Also, it has crates that drop and you pay to have them opened for minor and I mean barely noticeable clothing options. Like the smallest buckle hidden behind your cape. yay.It will be a fun game once they tweak with the way the community can troll and even better if you just opt to play with friends only.Going to give this one a pass for now. Wait until it goes F2p and then have 3 more friends join you. (for now with the way the game is, it could change for the better)"
,Recommended,236110,14347151,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,moistman,"So far I can say that it's been worth 25$ (Even though it'll be free in the future), I don't have many complaints besides the social tavern currently being laggy."
,Recommended,236110,14963956,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Leaf,"ProsGood Successor to DD (Dungeon Defenders) 1Classes has something everyone likes, (OKAY that might be a stretch)Unique Maps and Spec Tree (Spoiler?)All Classes are similar to DD1 in a way not 1 class is OPConsDD2 Classes have 1 less tower than in DD1No new Classes are coming out, and there IS NO PETS CMON TRENDY (P.S New Classes might be a stretch)They show us stuff, but the things we, the community, dont wantThe Level Cap is 25, I would atleast want that to increase to 30, 35, or 40 in atleast the next 2 updates or the next foundation patch (with pets)The Games Stages can easily be beaten by using builds*Conclusion:The Reason why I vote Yes is because there is hope, but nothing is coming out.*builds are when there is a certain setup you take on a stage so you can beat it"
,Recommended,236110,14352282,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DragonStar,"Nice Game.. But after the Update of today, it lags very much and the social tavern is the worst idea ever.. please fix it, i cant play the game now.."
76561197994359510,Recommended,236110,13303228,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ste@myWolfjob,"I like it so far. Needs some polishing, but it feels like its farther along than an ""alpha"""
,Recommended,236110,13301346,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Near,"Lots of good stuff in this game despite Early Access.  Similar enough to DD1 which I put hundreds of hours into that I felt comfortable from the start and found the sessions enjoyable.  Looking forwards to future additions like pets, more levels, and bosses.Easily one of the best, most polished Early Access games I've ever had the chance to play.  The lesser ammount of building mana makes placement of towers and other defenses more important than in the past game, in which you could just spam defenses and sit back afk pretty much.  Hopefully they add more varied and tougher enemies during the waves as well, though what they current offer isn't bad at all."
,Recommended,236110,13298785,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Hairless_Apes,"This Game Is fun as hell. i have played dungeon defenders 1 on the xbox and have completely finished it. i like how the first level is small so that new people can easily get used to the map. the only thing that bums me out is that dungeon defenders 2 won't be out on xbox 360 or the one. i cant wait till u guys add in the ingame currency so i can see what i can use my $30 on, that i got for the early access."
76561198022795008,Recommended,236110,13309875,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Petromilli,I think this game is pretty sweet so far. Its not quite Dungeon Defenders 1 good but thats cause its not complete. I suggest getting it now and either waiting for a bit more updates or just start right away. The game us most definitly NOT complete so dont be upset when you get it. I'm pumped for more updates and to see the progression.NOTE: Do NOT get this game if you havent played the first Dungeon Defenders. It's almost a MUST buy the first one before this because of how great it was.
,Recommended,236110,13309128,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,CuteStone,Bestest game currently on the market if you catch my catch.
76561197997379539,Recommended,236110,16537697,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rushfeather,This game is great
76561198030419196,Not Recommended,236110,17364080,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,<HTL> iceman27406,"I bought this on a recent sale. Having played the first dungeon defenders, I have been wanting to play dungeon defenders 2 (hence DD2). I had heard mixed reviews before buying in the sale, and that is what kept me from purchasing for so long. Now I can only review what is actually in the game as it is now. I understand that the game is still in alpha (pre-alpha is a misnomer), but using ""it's still an unfinished game/pre alpha"" is not a valid excuse for shooting down valid observations and major problems with the game.Firstly, upon entering the game I was excited and pleased with the graphics and tavern design. I think that the social tavern is a great feature. However I think there should be an option to go immediately to group/private tavern, people spamming towers till it is near impossible to move gets old. The music is very nice, just like the first game. I have noticed however that there is almost like, micro stuttering/lag for audio and the game. There is a perceptible level of crackle from the audio and the screen will stutter while moving around.Now on to the meat and potatoe problems with the game. They have apparently removed player controlled skill points for character stats, instead you get a pre set amount of points added to your stats at each lvl up. On top of that you are reliant on items to increase personal and tower stats. Which brings me to another point iPower or item power. Each item has a power level that is derived from how powerful that items stats are. Each item is than added together to give the players total iPwr  level. Now this iPwr level is very important in the game, It determines what difficulty setting you can go into, and what maps you can go on in freeplay mode. Your first playthrough is restricted to easy and normal. After beating the campaign you unlock hard for the campaign only, you do not unlock nightmare difficulty until lvl 40. While locking higher difficulties until you beat the campaign or reach a certain level (ex. diablo 3) it could and should be implemented much smoother. In free play mode you have to meet a certain i pwr level before you can play that level. This is somewhat counter intuitive seeing as you need to unlock harder lvls to get better gear to unlock more lvls.This is getting long winded so i will skip some of the other issues. One of my personal biggest gripes is that they have recently removed tower attack speed from the game. LOL you are stuck with a stat value of 0. This means that if you play squire who fires single projectiles, you have garbage dps. The stock ballista is atleast twice as slow as the stock ballista in the first game. Experiance is horrendously slow to get, which by itself would not be bad if you were not restricted to certain lvls because your ipwr level was to low. Anyway, the point is I would not recommend this game to anyone until this game is finished first because the price is to high for an unfinished game that is still fixing and adding/removing features that will one day become F2P. I mean they already have micro trasnactions in the game and this is for people who payed a premium for this game. Do not buy this game unless it is on sale or better yet wait until it is finished and is free to play."
,Recommended,236110,13326421,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HewhoisMighty,"This game as it stands right now is really fun. I have a feeling that once this game is out, and everything planned is implemented this game will be FAR better then Dungeon Defenders 1, and Dungeon Defenders Eternity.I have really enjoyed my time playing the game so far, and I really feel like Trendy Entertainment will not let us down, and will provide the best Tower Defense game to date.As of right now I have over 500 hours in Dungeon Defenders 1, and without a doubt I will have even more in Dungeon Defenders 2."
76561197971906681,Recommended,236110,13330229,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Arriz,"Loving the game so far, specially considering it's so early in development.A bit of a grind but the maps are way shorter then in DD1 which makes it easier to play if you don't have that much time.A few missing key things yet (Story, game modes and it really needs more maps) but when I read the development roadmap I saw that they will add all of that asap.So far I haven't found any major bugs or crashes although I only have 4 characters at lv 10 so far.Worth mentioning that the grafics are really well done and the game is hard but since the maps usually don't take more then 20-30 mins it's not the end of the world to fail since you still get some exp and gear."
76561198025660301,Recommended,236110,31953937,Posted: 25 May,all,cookiefireman,people say this is a bad game but its fun PLUS its free to play the other one might be more fun but this game is still pretty fun so stop disliking
76561198056086119,Recommended,236110,13323897,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Flugaru,"Remeber.. Early Access/Pre-AlphaDD2 is prettyy much like the first game. I wont waste your time with the similarities.. but here are some differences/problems I had with it.- Different resources: you have different ""mana"" for summoning/upgrading towers and for doing actual abilities.- Combat is more Hero oriented.- The tavern is huuuuge.- To upgrade gear you dont just spend mana.. you have to ""sacrifice"" other items to fill a bar and thats how you lvl it up ( much like Happy Wars if you have played it) You then pick what stat you would like to lvl up after that.- Ranged Enimies are rediculasly OP. Im hopeing this is just an Alpha thing, and they are still tweaking numbers.. but the Javalin Throwers ( Skelly Archers from first game) can attack almost all of your defenses from outside of thier own range.. so unless your there they will bet it up.- They got rid of or havent put in a lot of stats yet. I hope they put them in.. but things like move speed and tower range are non existent. Also when you lvl up you dont lvl up any stats. you do however get..- Specs : Every lvl you get one point that you can choose to put into one of about 8 different skills rangeing from all sorts of things.All in all, the game is still g2g in my opinion. Extreamly playable for an Alpha game, I Recommend it."
76561197998414530,Recommended,236110,13325581,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,V3suvius,The mechanics that are integrated currently into the game are solid. Being pre-alpha there are still a lot of features not implemented yet that one might expect from playing the original Dungeon Defenders. However the the gameplay remains fast paced and fun. THere is a lot of promise in DD2 and I look forward to seeing it come to fruition.
,Recommended,236110,15626029,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,maskedbanana,best game ever i played dungeon defenders 1 for atleased 5000 hours and then dungeon deffender 2 comes out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,236110,15635985,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zerstorn,I've wore pants and I have had fun...but never have I had fun while wearing pants. DD2 well worth the buy.
,Recommended,236110,15677614,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,RANDO,Great game most buy.however i would like voice feature.
,Recommended,236110,15605102,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ryker <3,Dungeon Defenders 2 is an excellent co-op game that is a step up in every way compared to the first game.Let's just hope Trendy doesn't ruin this game like with Eternity...
,Recommended,236110,13995010,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ＬＡＡＭＢＡＡ,Good game. Buy it.
76561198076024619,Recommended,236110,22301116,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vietnamese Canoeing,"This game is a paladins copy, and its worse than the first one >:^("
,Not Recommended,236110,18457094,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Stealios,"Cons:Maps get boring quickinconsistensies throughout the gameback to DD1 as far as farming gear goesEnemy paths are not always correctPros:Gee really can't think of anyI'm very disappointed since expectations were so high based off DD1 and this one they let go down the drain, i guess it would be ok as a F2P game but as far as paying for it dont give trendy your money its a total waste!"
,Not Recommended,236110,15740397,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,playerone,"Seriously? They advertise the game as *pre-alpha* I guess their marketing team doesn't know what alpha means.Anyway, so the game is still early access, ""pre-alpha"" and they are selling dlc?Game is nothing compared to dd1.  Do not buy this."
76561198005546589,Recommended,236110,22989349,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Akira,so much fun
76561197985722202,Not Recommended,236110,23811929,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gamerfreak,"Charge people for early access, then release the game as F2P when it's finished? What an insult. Devs should be ashamed for this discusting behavior."
76561198074247108,Not Recommended,236110,17916526,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,rxdeath,"This game does not have controller support, or split screen. You have been warned. You'd think they would add controller support before they made all the fancy skins / items  that cost $$$."
76561198305846811,Not Recommended,236110,29594661,Posted: 30 January,all,renji283,i'm not able to play at all! i do not see any reason to play.that is all
76561198094832804,Recommended,236110,16710185,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Corville,Best tower defence game you will ever play :D
76561198059626170,Not Recommended,236110,14152306,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,thadarksandman,"After my overwhelming love of DD1, and the long wait for this early access build, I had high hopes. They are justified, but not fullfilled yet.The game is very basic at this stage, but you can see the greatness it contains almost immediately. It is buggy, it is missing features, the network LAGS so bad sometimes you can't play at all, but if they polish that stuff up(and there are plenty of indicators they will) then this will be one of the best action games available.Would I recommend it right now, in Early Access? Only to die hard Dungeon Defender players. When it launches(free to play) I will likely be recommending it to everyone."
,Not Recommended,236110,15208879,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NightHawk,Dungeon Defenders IIAt this state the game is becoming a giant grind fest.  Two drop nurfs have reduced the value of the most sought after items to worthless.  The dev's advertise what other games they are playing while the community votes on initiatives to make the grind worse.  If you have 48 hours to level up a charcter and then another 2 weeks to grind for gear this game is for you.If not move on.
,Not Recommended,236110,22067836,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NekoVala,"Current build is a joke! Needs 1 minute to get you to the Logo video, not even the main screen. then it takes around 3 to load the said ""Game ressources"" and 2 more to find a session or to tell you that there's no session available, even in Priviate! and I'm on a SSD for god sake"
,Recommended,236110,22252682,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DrEvil,"Fun game that you'll probably pour more hours to than most others.It's baffling to me how people give bad reviews that have literally spent many hundreds or thousands of hours. Everyone has their gripes about any game, but if even the naysayers are putting that kind of time in, the game is doing a good deal right."
76561198146315124,Not Recommended,236110,17424265,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,cometmarcher2468,"This games prequel was amazing, one of the best tower defense/RPg's on the market.this game however has some major issues with it.it originally was a moba with 24 fleshed out heroes, 1 boss, some enemies. this idea was scrapped after maybe half a year to a year of production, though they did save a few of the heroes (pet shop guy)now it is back to its prequels format of a tower defense/rpg combo.some problems it has;the monk's BOOST aura has had several debuffs to the point of barely working except as a sheild to protect towers from damage.the apprentice's FROSTBITE tower does not do as it's name says, instead with new updates it is more practical of a boost tower than the boost aura.the training dummy (slice and dice) cannot compare at all to it's kid's version, lacking enough power to kill, and too little health to live long vs. ranged.the pet system is poorly done with the rarity of a pet affecting a pets stats. but premium pets getting a random rarity, thus you can pay $2.50 for a very weak premium pet with no way to get it stronger but to buy more (cash cow).the lane spawners right now do not spawn any and every type of enemy like DD1's did. they mostly only throw out goblins and bomb goblins, the 2 lowest enemy types including the fact that they spawn them in large numbers to make up for it.those are some of the big ticket issues, there are more but i don't want this to be so-impossible to read-long. so here are some gameplay choices that are also somewhat bad;each hero only has 4 towers, not 5...(monk has only 3 if you don't count boost aura)range, speed, and a bunch of other stats were removed from this gamethe apprentice does not get split shot, his abilities ALL rely on him attacking and ""marking"" his enemies.the monk has both the best (Lightning strike aura), and the worst (Boost) towers in game. he also does not get split shot.the huntress does not shoot through the wall.there is only one boss.there is a system in place to enhance you hero, you may only add 7 total spheres.upgrading items is only available after lv34.upon leveling up you reviece NO points to increase your stats with manually.items only get 4 stats. they are given 1,2 or 3 bonus passive stats though.in this latest months update of the game trendy has decided to give away 10,000 free copies of the game. this is most likely due to massive amounts of the seasoned players leaving the game because of bad features."
76561198057097510,Not Recommended,236110,15319270,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,doryreed,"This game is truly awful as it is now. You are forced into a public lobby every time you load up the game. For single player, from there you have to go to a private lobby and then select the level you want to play. A particularly annoying touch is the lack of a restart level option. If you accidentally start a wave early you have to go back to the public lobby and re-select private, then your level again. The whole game feels like it has been thrown together in the state it is in now.Multi-player may be ok. I haven't tried it yet and to be honest with the state of this game in single player I am not really tempted to. Think I will go play Dungeon Defenders 1 and pretend this never happened."
,Recommended,236110,14441818,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Frenzy,Still a fun series
,Recommended,236110,13616043,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Whoabotts,",,,,,,,,"
,Not Recommended,236110,15614224,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,dr3xPHDxexGT500supream leader,"i have NEVER written a review for ANY game ever but i HAD TO STOP THESE GUYS FROM LOOTING YOUR MONEY !hands down the worst TD ever . Designed for 10 year old kids ,no skills requiredno synergy requiredbetter off going back to warcraft 3 and playing mafa/gree/legion td  waaay betterTIP: grapics isnt everythinggameplay sucksis laggybut too noobb !i WANT A REFUND !"
76561198117943932,Not Recommended,236110,25093568,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,weeg,Paid $25 for the game and they want $15 for one new hero.
,Recommended,236110,15618186,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,East Atlanta Santa,An Amazing Rpg Tower defense. Graphics are great gameplay is great and the developers heading this are even better. I cant wait for its full release
,Recommended,236110,13743074,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darkfilms,"this game is extermly fun and very little problems with  the game for a pre-alpha. this game has less bugs/glitches/problems then most games that are completed, but while it also has lots of content for levels and wepons it feel likes it lack in content overall but thats something to be expected for an aplha"
76561198071853122,Recommended,236110,15665646,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Brutalizer69,"pretty good, not much to be had at the moment"
,Not Recommended,236110,15637189,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tr4nzNRG,"Well not sure what to think of it. The game seem solid and imo worth around €10/15,-. The new graphics look nicer but also make things bit distraction and ""busy"". The monsters seem smaller and build out of more polygons to make it look nicer. However with larger numbers and the same for the environment it get's really distracting and you get a big pile of polygonsoup going on.The skills seem to be tweaked but also reduced in effectness. I miss the ""umph"" of many defence towers that DD1 had.In general I think they should stick to the simplistic design in DD1 and just tweaked/upgraded with a better engine for better graphics./me edit (I had to post my comments here as it was to big)Hi thanks for taking your time to respond. The ""umph"" effect I'm missing from defense could be due the size of it compared to DD1. The cannon towers for example where looking bigger in DD1 and the balls coming from them bouncing around the map made it look nicer. With DD2 the canon towers look smaller (equal size to the character) and it's more a direct damage effect. This was better in DD1 for the balista and the 'deadly tower' from the apprentice (the sniping one??). The charge up sound and the very high single damage shot made it feel powerfull.This could be a combination of 3rd person view where the camera looks zoomed out from your own character and the environment. If you have the ""child"" perspective and looking upwards than the environment, including the towers & monsters will look bigger. The ""bird"" perspective makes you look down on things and everything seems to look smaller and less dangerous too. I think in DD1 the towers where also double the size of your own character and the 3rd person view was much closer?I also feel that I have to little resources to build. I could spent all my mana and build let's say 4-9 cannon level 1 towers. But what I noticed you might as well spent all the mana upgrading 1 tower to do the same amount of damage and get the same result. So what mostly happens is that I spent all my mana upgrading 2 traps that will do the trick. So I'm missing a ""building"" feeling that is typical for tower defence games. Maybe the amount of mana you gather to build in 5 rounds is simply to low.Than there are some other minor things that I didn't like yet.Leaving/starting/managing groups seem a little annoying. Sometimes when I start a game session (I think from the warmaster??). The buttons will unlit and nothing happens. I can press ESC and leave the menu but than I can't start one either. Only way to fix it is leaving to main menu and restarting the game.Starting the rounds also seem to slow. If you play with pugs (pickup groups) than it happens often that people won't press G. So first people walk around to check the loot. Than they open the chest to get the extra mana. Walk around to do upgrades/build. Than after that someone press G to start the round. But than it sometimes start with the 90 sec countdown (I think).In my opinion to keep the ""action"" going I rather have a fixed 90 sec countdown right after the rounds ends. Than people can speed up by pressing G. This will prevent people looking for minutes at loot or their inventories.Also when a game ends I'm missing a ""leave"" button that brings you back to your own tavern. What I'm doing now is mostly stay until the next map loads and than leave the group to return to tavern. From what I can remember I only saw a ""replay map"" or ""continue"" button. Sometimes the games are just slow and I could use a 5min break after a map has been done.Another small issue I had is with maps that you can't solo. Sometimes it happens that you start one but nobody joins. The only option you will have is to sit and hope people join while you try to ""survive"".The mana chests aren't optimal either. If a person starts a map and he opens the mana chest right away. This person will get all the mana for that single 1ste round. So what happens people mostly join 5 or 10 sec right after and they won't have any mana to build. The best way to solve this is eiter have the mana spread (fixed quantities) of multiple chests or give people that join the game a minimum amount of mana to build.Another minor thing is when you finish the map you get the chest reward. But first you get to see some animation (I suppose to choose the type of reward) than when you actually open it you get to see it again?. It seems a bit slow and annoying once you have seen it 100x. I rather skip the first animation completely and make the final animation a bit faster. Click and pop open.All these issues seem fine for new people that never played DD1 and are new to DD2. But if you come from DD1 than you notice these issues faster. Besides that the game ain't that bad yet. I think a few more tweaks might solve it.Just imagine yourself as a wizard that wants to stand behind one of his towers saying ""Mwhahuahaha! NONE SHALL PASS!"". This type of feeling I'm missing a bit. The towers are smaller and the projectiles seem tiny and the impact seems to direct."
,Recommended,236110,15648258,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mr.cupzJaYu,"Iam not playing Dungeon Defender 1So, I dont understand Dungeon Defender 2lolPro's:- Graphics, animations is good- funcon's:- Mp only? which mean, must connect- No guide, tutorialhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVG7cEU6_Gc"
,Not Recommended,236110,15615856,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,orson.stfu,"Lesser in every way than the first game, if you have Dungeon Defenders you are gaining nothing and losing many of the things that made the first one great."
76561198120571072,Not Recommended,236110,17302487,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,declanmoran56,You always have to be connected to the internet and their servers. in a player vs entitity tower defense. Why?!
76561197991870595,Not Recommended,236110,17124952,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,hallzer12,"I want to like it, however in many ways it seems like a step back from DD1.  This game has 'supposedly' been in development for a very long time at this point, with release dates that have changed and been pushed back quite a bit.  At the current state is is truly in Alpha, missing basic fundamental items from it's predecessor.  At the current rate, I would not expect this game to be truly released till late 2016; maybe they'll make some good improvements to it, maybe like DDE they'll drop the ball."
,Not Recommended,236110,26075814,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Melty,Ever since they made it free they havent updated it as much and it is not as good as the original
,Recommended,236110,14158212,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,xReggie,10/10 IGN Kappa//
,Recommended,236110,13627459,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Zeenus,Great game ill give it 10.1/10
,Recommended,236110,13339310,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,YenneferIsHot,The graphic and background music are the best . Don't like bugs such as losing my legendary items in my inventory
76561198085744299,Recommended,236110,13426452,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Billy Memes,"This gameplay is really fun and exciting. It has bright colors, cool models for weapons, its a really colorful and friendly game.P.S. Single Player is still really fun and addicting but the coop is sweet! I totally recommend coop"
76561198051423763,Recommended,236110,24628849,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,gzm,Nice game :)
,Not Recommended,236110,30021495,Posted: 18 February,all,Simon,"They ruined there reputation and killed all hope for a better or equal game of the same quality and fun as Dungeon Defenders 1.Also I paid £10 for this game when it first came out hoping it would be the prodigy to the original. I was wrong so very wrong. This game is horrible, there are loads of good reviews but if you have any common sense please just wait a week after doing research and see if you still want to buy it. Don't impulse buy especially if friends or others are trying to peer pressure you into doing so. Honestly wait a week beforing buying this.By all means go ahead but I told you so when you regret it."
,Not Recommended,236110,19136849,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Gz│Kitton,"Not as good as DD1 for a start.Even the tutorial isn't straight forward, such a shame."
,Not Recommended,236110,19542594,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Squigly,"RNG is broken with 4 different common item tiers (out of 7), un blanced classes with the stongest over all being Apprentice with his towers and abilitys, i payed 30$ and got nothing at all...oh wait i got early access to a free game...yay...NOT and finnaly the gameplay is boring and drags also if you have no friends then the game is hard to play cause most peple will not listen to any sor of strat which is nessisary after a certain point in the game AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHY EVERYONE IS SO INCOMPETINT...also i lost all of my stuff so im kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(still even if i was in a happy mood which never happens it would not change my opinion)"
76561198166741551,Recommended,236110,19355673,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Scott_The_Fish,I payed money for this game and now it's free is there any chance I can get a refund?
,Not Recommended,236110,14512727,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dillinger,Terrible in the current state. Very doubtful that it'll be fun even when finished. Hold off.
,Recommended,236110,33203124,Posted: 3 July,all,CoClan | Alex,idk
76561198178818910,Not Recommended,236110,18624033,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,shovelhead78flh,"I wouldnt tell anyone to buy this game. O wait you dont have to buy the game. I did have to pay and after waiting for the ""finished game"" they give it away. Now I did try 3 times to play it and everytime a failure. The game servers are down or I have a 15 to 30 minute download everytime I have launched the game so I gave up on DD II. Lastly what really gets me is now they want more money for the extras. Yes I can understand paying for them but in the back of my mind I think why some were down the road they will give other things away after paying again. So for me I will give this company not one dime more, also I get no early access game either. I am sorry for that but why pay now so someone else dont have too later. To me thats taking from one and giving to another. Maybe next time read your game page one the earlie release games and see if its free to play later NEVER BUY EARLIE ACCESS GAMES. I do have all the DD games and did like them but I fell taken by the company so I wouldnt tell anyone to by any of them."
,Recommended,236110,14894681,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Epic Rainbow Kitten😺🌈🦄,Mom said I could become anything so when I grow up I wanna become a Dungeon Defender!!!
,Not Recommended,236110,13941407,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,My name is not important,"It's bland, it's boring, it feels sluggish and feels a lot more like a rip-off of dungeon defenders rather than a sequel.Yeah, yeah. Beta beta blah...Remember in Dungeon Defenders 1, before the DLC flood gates were open? You had to work your way up the levels, true, but the rewards would feel like they had an impact.Got your mage, barely got the fireball towers, they feel like they have an impact.Lightning tower? Looks like it's makingan effort.Then that freaking OP sniper tower, after all that work... It's barely useful, but it's satisfying.Sequel? You get one less tower, gear still looks the same, you have three currencies now...I stopped liking DD1 after the flood, but this game I can't bring myself to load again. It's just bad.... And WTF is up with having to go back to a root menu when you level up, if the playable missions seem to be level locked anyway? That's just forcing us to jump through hoops.Check this game again in a year. We'll see if they got it right by then."
,Not Recommended,236110,17465818,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,The Surprised Melon,"I played the sh** out of the old dungeon defenders, i liked the layout of the maps and the fact that you could lay splitscreen on the same moniter (t.v. in my case).....this is in my case a crappy attempt to make dungeon defenders an MMO....which if your trying to do that you should make alot bigger maps, skill trees, characters etc....my conclusion is if you dont have any (real)  friends to play tower defense games with, this is for you, me on the other hand would rather play the first one with a couple friends...i love this team of developers but not so much the second game."
76561198103932109,Recommended,236110,14425083,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Duke Silver,"This game is fantastic!I highly recommend it for those who just want to relax to a nice cartoonish tower defense style game where you shouldn't be taking it too seriously. The upgrade and leveling system is quite simplistic but still fun. The enemies are varied and fun. It is just a very laid back game. Once you get into the higher levels though...things get real. I will let you find out for yourself =) pay the 25 dorras if you a re a big fan of the first one like I am. Or wait for a sale, either way, pick this game up. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,236110,14628087,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Major Tom,"Pros:- Stunning graphics- Completely online so I'm going to guess that it's a bit harder to hack than DD1- Loot is per user, not free-for-all.- Not able to sell other people's defenses.Cons:- Combat is a bit slower paced (but not as bad as DD: Eternity. That game was garbage)- Maps are a bit more condensed compared to DD1.- Combat is.. guided. (you can swing on the knight and kind of aim where you want to swing, but any time you start swinging it aims you towards a specific target. Don't get me wrong, hitting multiple enemies is still possible. It's just when you want to swing at a larger enemy that's hitting you, you're stuck focusing each one of your swings on a smaller one due to its guided system)Overall:Though it doesn't feel exactly like the first one did, it is quite a remarkable release. Well polished compared to most of the other early access games out there. I'd wait for the price to drop below $15 however, as it is only early access. Not sure if what is in so far is worth the current amount of $25. Regardless, Highly recommended either now or at launch! Devs doin' good."
,Recommended,236110,14342879,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Twiggs,since the new update and making a public taven it is so laggy and needs sorting asap as you can even get a game
,Recommended,236110,14376349,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Captain Mo,achete le deuxième si tu as aimé le premier!!!! vraiment bon
76561198120923103,Recommended,236110,14425062,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,screaming marmot [CSJ],"Dungeon Defenders II is a great tower defense game. If you like the genre, then you will like this game. I do have one complaint. Sometimes, the game seems too ""Samey"", but thats just me. I would rate this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,236110,15696245,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,B❶GH❹N',Pub game in a nutshell : Build of Feed
76561197988063381,Recommended,236110,16482634,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Strife .tX,"To start this review off I was a huge fan of DD1. I read reviews before I bought into the alpha saying theres no end-game and to wait awhile.Well I am going to tell you there are a lot of amazing qualities in this game where it is at. Every map is well made, fun, and also different. There is a new addition to every level with sub-crystals that if protected keep extra mob lanes closed. More skills and also new additions to towers for each class. However, don't get me wrong there are some cons to playing an alpha. Everyone runs the same class combos Monk/Traptress, when match making everyone will be running the same map and all in all the game gets alittle boring as of right now but, what can you except in an alpha? The only question you need to ask yourself is ""Should I buy into an Alpha knowing wholeheartly the game is not finished, or should I wait for the game to be almost finished""[Pros] New skills , Awesome skins for the classes that can be upgraded into even newer skins after gaining enough exp,New well thought out maps, and just the same old Dungeon Defenders grind[Cons] The new pet system to me is horrible ( New pet only every 8 hours), They either need to add more useful class combos rather than Monk/Traptress or scrap the entire idea, Make harder maps or more maps rewardable rather than farming the same map over and over."
76561197984660669,Recommended,236110,16656311,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Brc,"Great game, still a it buggy, but hey! Early Acces! ;)"
76561198151412869,Not Recommended,236110,24887912,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SheWasNot18,"Was working great a few months ago, now I cant even open it at all after the recent updates."
,Not Recommended,236110,29507354,Posted: 26 January,all,cezar_krc,To much chaos from first Level.
,Not Recommended,236110,17846855,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Wazzab,fun gamebut at the moment it isnt working propperly for me. not enough ram or something.  so as is i wouldn't recommend it just because you risk paying for something that doesnt work
,Recommended,236110,14287936,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Spectrum,ALPHA Score: 3.5 / 5.0+ Rehash of the Dungeon Defenders you loved before+ New maps and enemy types alongside new defenses+ It's still being designed with input from the current players- Bit of a learning curve for new players- Not a huge playerbase makes matchmaking occasionally challenging- Still in ALPHA
,Not Recommended,236110,29714835,Posted: 5 February,all,end me,♥♥♥♥♥servers and annoying lobby-game connection
,Recommended,236110,14368370,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nWg. SC[m]STR,"It's in early development.Doesn't seem as good as the first one, I feel like they're trying to up the replayability of maps or something...We'll see where it goes, but for now, everybody that I played it with got bored after like 2 days of playing.value: ~5$?yes recommendation only if you really liked the first one and plan on following this one, otherwise dont bother unless this comes out and gets not ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198059776357,Recommended,236110,14370136,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Spyro,Similar to the first but this is far superior.The new maps are really well thought out and enjoyable!
76561198067549434,Recommended,236110,14438078,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Lejendzs,good game but still alot of crashes fatal error will shut your game down and you lose everything in the waves
76561198103773766,Recommended,236110,14362296,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Heimerdinger,Awesome but needs armour to show up
76561198078786936,Recommended,236110,13516159,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Suck Squish Bang Blow,"Unlike the first dungeon defenders, this game requires pants..2 / 10 - ign"
,Recommended,236110,13654099,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,✪ oneZ (RiP),The game is super addicting and really fun. Even though it is free it is totaly worth buying early play.
,Recommended,236110,13456351,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ckins,"Fun with friends, but would not play alone."
,Recommended,236110,13452712,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,M_Iceman,"fun co-op even though it is in pre-alpha. Can not wait for the full version, let's hope it contain much more stuff to do tho!Buy it"
,Recommended,236110,13766414,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ragingsheep,I electrocute creatures. 10/10
,Recommended,236110,13774473,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cheerio Gizmo,phune
76561198059344583,Not Recommended,236110,23596199,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,doorgunner74,"Love like my first game 30 years ago but hate it like the first girl who put out and broke my heart.first off my system : win 10, core i5 4690k non overclocked with a coolermaster cooler and push pull fan setup, 32 GB ram, amd 7990 hd, 2 caviar black 1.0 tb  evga ftw z97 mobo with evga 1000w platinum power supply. not a current top of the line system but would say im in the top 25% of enthusiast gamers.the gameplay is great well thought out and has a friendly community when ya hit lvl 50. shouldnt be a vid card stressor with the level of graphics the game uses have played it on all resolutions up to 2560x1600 and it runs the same. is better than a clicker game for passing the time and have gotten all the playable characters in the hundred hours i have played.what i hate: Instability. while i have over 100 hours in this game i have to say that it is no longer fun due to the fact for every signle hour in this game there have been approx 4-5 hard locks that require me to reet my system. Not alt-f4 not♥♥♥♥♥♥tab or alt-tab. litteral get up and hold the reset button to hard reboot my machine.  i have purused the forums and walked the web to find no answer to my prediciment however i am not the only one as the forums and group drops show ingame. the game does not maintain a buddy list but requires you to use your steam buddy list. while i enjoyed playing this game with I♥♥♥♥EDYOURMOM69LOL i really dont think he is the kind of guy i want to involve in my deep stategy or Rpg games nor be spammed with GETON DD2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ while im running steam on a seperate screen in my home office doing work.And lastly, once you get a character to too a decent enough level to do end game content it seems like there are only certain ways to ensure your win which is using towers only the ""pay to win"" purchases can guarentee.overall a fun game but kinda heartbreaking, wish i never met it.3/10 stuck in it now because of real money spent in game would not do it again"
,Recommended,236110,13444619,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,plot,"Bought for $25, next day went to $20. My life... Hope this game comes for mac soon :)"
,Recommended,236110,13448476,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,xy.,"A great game so far! Really fun to play with friends. The cartoon graphics bring a very nostalgic feel to the whole game, the idea of a tower defense game with a mix of ""fps"" style to it is great! I would recommend this game if youre looking for a fun game to play with mates, a great coop game! My main criticism is it does lack complexity particularly with your talent tree, I would love to see an introduction of a more complex talent tree and a bit more varitey with tower upgrades / spells. However this game is still awesome and has alot of potential, can't wait to see where they take this game!"
,Recommended,236110,13652194,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CordedMoss64,"i have only played this game a little bit but i already love it. i have not found myself putting in 7 hours without realizing it like i did in the first game, but it is still in alpha so i expect that it will improve past its state. also, it is one of the more demanding games ive ever seen. if you want dd2, look up the system requirements ^. even with some issues, i still think it is too good of a game to not have in your library."
76561198060533513,Recommended,236110,13644516,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ΔΞXΦ,Great game. Is at it's best when played with friends
76561198152129653,Recommended,236110,13440272,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,toothydeer24,"Love this game, I got this game today and so far I have been enjoying every second of it. I love how there are new skills, alot more maps and the 4 main characters have grown up. This game is amazing, this is the kind of game you want if you like startegy and defense. :-)"
76561198046691437,Recommended,236110,14912541,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Papa Johns Jenga Special,10/10 Could use a port to gamecube though
76561198134438898,Not Recommended,236110,22291125,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,crimsonshadow78,"Went from a paid eatly access game to a free early access game.    Ido not enjoy the development cycle of a game.  The developers should develop a complete game and debug it. Set a price and sell it.  As the game gas progressed it has been a train wreck.  There are items that the developers ""sell"" forveven more outrageous amounts of money....Will not pay for any other early access games due to this experience."
76561198125927567,Recommended,236110,15655046,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SoundedBird,Not as good as the last but might make a return to glory
76561198156350204,Recommended,236110,15657233,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,faceeroll,Keep in mind this is pre alpha. It seems like the devs are making a lof of changes the players are asking for.  All in all content seems good.  It has some good potential
76561198049499325,Not Recommended,236110,15630581,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Redsage,"This game is absolutely horrible compared to the first. I would even say the graphics were better in the first, but more importantly the gameplay is just horrid. I bought it because of how much I liked the first. Huge mistake."
,Not Recommended,236110,25772133,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Spookingston,"I was a big fan of the original Dungeon Defenders, played it for hundreds of hours with friends. I followed the development of this game since the beginning, reading every update post and checking the forums all the time, even took part in the MOBA mode testing. It is such a shame that this game became this microtransaction filled early-access crapfest that is not true to the spirit of the original game at all."
,Recommended,236110,14144201,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SnowByte∦唯一の希望,love it
,Recommended,236110,14132282,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,sjbrauch3,I can't wait for the game to be finished... seems like a lot is missing still.
76561198038865553,Not Recommended,236110,17611058,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Traveck01,Meh
76561198084789003,Not Recommended,236110,15966721,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,bakersrock01,"BUY DUNGEON DEFENDERS 1 AND PLAY ONLY WITH FRIENDS. VALVE ANTICHEAT WONT SAVE THIS ONE.As a dd1 player who logged many hours in the game online and off, single and with friends, i don't recommend this game. Of course i understand that it is still in early access. The reason i purchased it in early access was the fact that i loved dd1 so much.This game however feels very different to me from the original.Online multiplayer feels more mandatory now where as in dd1 it was just fun.yay people cant sell my towers anymore! i still get to here people whine about them however.dear god the home room layout and joining ques. its a ♥♥♥♥ed up mess that has not gotten any better.to me at least it feels like you have to use every single character in a lane in order to win, needing less strategy and more tower ability stacking. in dd1 i felt that my choices and placement of towers and people mattered and in dd2 all i feel is button mashing.miocrotransactions. ♥♥♥♥ off. if i wanted that i would just play games on my cell.they are in early access and are already releasing dlc? maybe focus on completing the game first or adding more of the content thats been talked about.overall i am disappointed in the game and the development so far. trendy seems to have gone way off the mark with this and from what i have seen i dont expect anything in the future that would make me feel like this purchase was worth it. I decided to support this game in early access and i wish now that i hadnt or that i would have seen more reviews at the time."
,Recommended,236110,13334875,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Juber,iz gud geam
,Recommended,236110,13357126,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mustachioking CSGOBIG.com,Pretty good.
,Recommended,236110,13405671,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Glory to Gaming,A great start to the sequel of one of my favorite co-op loot rpgs. Dungeon Defenders II has greatly expanded on the ideas of its predecessor. Though the game is very much in alpha bugs are just about non existent here. When it comes to content it's clear there is a lot more work to be done but otherwise this game plays and feels like a finished product. DDII was well worth the money spent. Check it out for yourself!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfKK9i-ZGfQ
,Recommended,236110,14252202,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lord Dreadwing,very simmaler to the first could change the charecter models but other then that no complaints
,Recommended,236110,13355216,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,redhornet,unlike anyone of the games of dungeon defender games and my be the best
76561198067013506,Recommended,236110,13345055,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MrKenKen,"The game is good and interesting better than the first edition of course. However, it's not fully upadated yet. I would expect a better update that would worth buying than the current version. Pet and all the restat would be an obvious update and other functions are yet to come. Looking forward to see variety of stuffs"
,Recommended,236110,30374854,Posted: 7 March,all,Physhi,"Been a huge fan of DD for a long while now and i very much enjoy the gameplay, the new update and how shards change the game so much. however, the loot system is still garbage. literally getting shards for every character I don't have. this game isn't fun if all you are doing is the same level over and over if you can't get any good drops. please find a way to resolve this, quickly losing my interest in the end game update. grinded plenty of characters to level 50 the hard way in the old update and i have little to nothing to show for it. If i were at least earning a decent amount of gold from the chaos trials i wouldn't mind it but i'm not and i've spent a lot of time on a game that still needs touching up."
,Recommended,236110,19723843,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ArkhamBatz,fun
,Not Recommended,236110,16936045,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,@CmdrSchwegs // Rubick @ TI7,"I played a TON of Dungeon Defenders 1 back when it came out, so I'm very sad to say this, but after playing a good amount of DD2, I don't like it.- The amount of mana you get to build stuff and upgrade stuff is really low- Hero attacks are very weak, and your hero/weapon upgrades come VERY slowly- The levels are awkward to move around on- The level designs don't make me feel like there are elegant places to put thingsAs a result, it feels grindy rather than fun :("
,Not Recommended,236110,16874237,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Crymson Fluffsune,"The game now forces the use of this Trendynet crap, and not only that now forces socializing, so you don't get your very own tavern alone away from all the damned pubs with the option of joining a social situation. Refunding~"
,Not Recommended,236110,16907772,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Alex.,"I have a 100+mb connection, great upto date computer gaming setup with upto date drivers, game choppy and laggy as hell. Wont load other people's characters, jumping around is choppy as hell."
76561198076142558,Not Recommended,236110,18236937,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Look,"The game isn't ready yet. Many bugs and even more glitches. Not enough content. Not enough build variety for characters and defenses. The game is simply in an ""alpha"" stage--it's not ready.The bottom line: Buy this game only if you're a hardcore fan. But if you ARE a hardcore fan, you would've already bought the game a long time ago, which means you are most likely NOT a hardcore fan. So therefore, I don't recommend that you buy this game.Play this game when it comes out at its offical f2p launch, whenever the heck that is. Hopefully it will be ready by then."
76561198049110629,Not Recommended,236110,17375941,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,janirobe,"Cannot play by yourself. Sorry what I meant to say is, if you want an enjoyable experience playing by yourself you won't get that."
,Recommended,236110,15722143,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZoziVora,"I shall start by congratulating Trendy for successfully coming out with Dungeon Defenders 2. I believe many fans such as myself have been waiting for a good while for this to come about.I strongly recommend this game to everyone, especially if you are new to Dungeon Defenders and if you are a Tower Defense type of gamer. As someone who own the previous title not only in PC but in both PC and PS3 as well, I can tell you that there has been an enormous improvement in DD2. This isn't to say that DD1 wasn't a good game, but with everything good, comes room for Improvement to be better. DD2 is better like that. There are literally hundreds of different way to play the game whenever you start a map. It all comes down to your creativity and effort to experiment. This game require more than just brute force and mindless grinding, it will put you to a test on many levels. Tactical planning, reaction, teamwork, communication and most importantly your sound judgement. You will have to try it to believe it, DD2 is a product of Trendy and many sessions of Feedbacks gathered from its loyal community. For the affordable price it cost and the challenges and experience it gives? Yes it is worth it and I recommend this game.For homecoming players, DD2 is a dream that almost came true. The social tavern that allows player to communicate with each other and form a team to quest together is a welcoming sight. Oh , the tavern is also much bigger now ! and with more new features and new NPCS! Remember how we used to have only 1 NPC?! Well its more than I can count now. Upgrading system definitely improved, we can now throw in our useless loots into the mixing wheel and use them as our upgrade material. You will find that you have more options now on how to deal with your loots compared to DD1 where everyone just mindlessly sell off useless loots.The New Pet system seems exciting, for now we are allowed to Feed our pets to increase their Energy and also there is an Affection level for pet and their owners. It says there that more features are coming soon and I definitely look forward to it.There are also Costume NPC and new Daily Mission quests. Maps feel alot more lively compared to DD1, there are interactive features in maps now which you can use to aid your defense. Graphic wise, Trendy has done a good job making DD2 a good looking game and still retaining the cute and cartoon-ish quality DD fans adore.Leveling your characters give more satisfaction than in DD1. We used to wait a long while before we can use something decent but now in DD2, you get to unlock something new or use something you just looted with every 1-2 levels raised. The only headache it gives you now is ""Which Weapon should I upgrade now?"" . While playing with other players will be more rewarding, beating the maps solo however still give that sense of fulfillment like never before. Trendy again has done a good job here by providing both functions that allow players to either kick start their journey with other defenders or to start their own private session .This is still in the Pre-Alpha stage, but to me, Dungeon Defenders 2 definitely look very promising. Although there are many more room for improvements and hopefully Trendy manage to fix the Lagging issues in Social Taverns and perhaps add in an ""Auto Sort"" button in our inventory :p . But yeah, overall its a good job well done."
,Recommended,236110,24200439,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Atlas (DesertedSand),If you liked the first Dungeon Defenders you'll love the sequel.Not 100% sure whats up with all the recent negative reviews.
76561198069713595,Recommended,236110,17821307,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HappyAngryCatfish,It's a fun tower defense game. My only problem with it that the game severly lacks in teamwork for a game that's a co-op game like this. Seems like the majority of a time just one person builds. It's still pre-Alpha so I can imagine it'll be really good by the time of full release.
,Not Recommended,236110,30324816,Posted: 4 March,all,Former Generic Ferret,NEW UPDATE SUCKS HELP US TELL THEM TO FIX IT
76561198044448675,Not Recommended,236110,17927578,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,blacklache,"its still a good game,but TRENDY destroy it !!i spend almost 300hr  on this.then what i got?nothing !!   since they reset  everything.all my hero and gear just gone !!that's really  sad for me.i need to spend a lot of time to lv up  and farm gear.thats insanegj  TRENDY , u force me leave this game"
,Not Recommended,236110,29700385,Posted: 4 February,all,Ripdotzip,best out of best
,Recommended,236110,28482731,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nutsy,The gameplay is great but expect lag. Thier servers are honestly terrible.
,Not Recommended,236110,18535908,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,???,"wow i payed for it and now its free, great."
,Recommended,236110,16469478,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Milky Wilson,Its like Dungeon Defenders but 2
,Recommended,236110,14510309,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,=[TB]= The June Bug,"Its a good game, Cant wait till completion"
76561198188120922,Recommended,236110,23701353,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,shayich13,lovedit since the first one
,Recommended,236110,24122216,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ｉ　ｃｈｅｗ　ｏｎ　ＰＬＡＳＴＩＣ,ye
76561198163244019,Not Recommended,236110,13848109,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,englishfishface,it does not let me login in so i can't playHelp please
,Recommended,236110,20463045,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RecklessSoul_01,Lots of fun and really excited for the split screen
76561198045517798,Recommended,236110,20632639,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Friso,"Fun Free-to-play GameThe game as-is is quite fun, for a while. However I can't help but compare it to Dungeon Defenders 1, and that leaves me with some points which make this installment as it stands now being the weaker one.It's free, there's fun to be had and I 100% support the current business model (cosmetic purchases). However, I have a few notes.---------------Pro's and cons---------------+ Fast-paced, fun action combat+ Awesome graphical style+ Levels have cunning shortcuts and allow fast, but often risky, movement from one side to another to the cunning and daring+ It's free! (unless you count cosmetics)+ Regular updates and a listening and communicating developer~ Somewhat tactical tower defense~ Some towers are fun- Some towers are just outright boring and uninspired- Linear levels- Horrible lobbying system (being asked to leave a public game that you have no control over joining because others, who don't have that control either, want to play with friends)---------------Comments---------------As far as I have played the early access I found that the towers weren't fun. Placing DD1 towers was fun, they had effects that looked cool, or did something which was maybe a bit silly to look at. They had an identity. I miss this in DD2, where one tower does a job more efficient than the other and looks a bit different.About the tower defense part, which should be a big part of the game, it's not really at its current state. Basically you place towers in predetermined spots, as not doing that leaves secondary objectives vulnerable. The maps are linear in their set-up and don't allow for the different strategies you had in DD1 (set up at the doors, at chokepoints or at the crystal, or something wonky in-between). I really miss the freedom in that aspect. The tactical aspect is reduced to which towers do you put in the chokepoints and how many you can fit in there (or until you run out of build units).The last point is about the tower defense again: what happened to tower heroes? I used to play an apprentice in DD1 and just sit back, repair, upgrade and sometimes shoot a bit. Now I HAVE to fight, because the minions aren't stopped by towers alone. That (almost) forces you to make a fighting hero or use another hero to complement the mage. The last option is not a negative, it's just something that should be noted for completion's sake.And a little pet-peeve: in DD1 you could disable the lunge forward in the menu (if I recall correctly), why not in DD2?"
76561198062033335,Recommended,236110,19720966,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[RAUK] James23,"A perfect 5/7, there is no higher score"
,Recommended,236110,19834695,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Psycheous,"i payed almost £20 for this game then they make it f2p remove all my items and levels and give me a bunch of primium curancy crap.the game itself does not really differ from DD1 all to much, you know what your getting if you have played the first.play it if you liked the first gamethe micro transactions themselves are not to bad, purley cosmetic but still a pain if you like that kinda thing"
76561198074160249,Recommended,236110,20004737,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,harrykoolen,mega game
76561197998525087,Recommended,236110,20588519,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BubbelBoi (Swe),♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,236110,21065784,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MaxPayne,"A more refined version of the previous game (tower defense mixed with action RPG), even in Early Access, with more improvements to come. Shows a lot of potential already, with some improved mechanics, and it's free to play!! Microtransactions yes, pay to win no."
,Recommended,236110,19007251,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Centellion,Excellent game.
,Recommended,236110,19077198,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Calibur,Too Good
,Recommended,236110,19721521,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,White Sphinx,great game especially if you have friends to play with
,Recommended,236110,19790537,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,schmiller,why tf did i spend 75$ on this then it go free. :(
76561198022408269,Recommended,236110,19072012,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fistandtwist,Absolutly love them game. These guys do good work.
,Recommended,236110,19722149,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,popfruit,Back im my day this game wasn't free.
76561198036946489,Recommended,236110,20496480,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SENIOR_MATCHO_NACHO,"I played a lot of the first DD, which i think is a great game :) Even though DD2 isn't as good as the first one, it still have a lot of potential. It is only in Alpha right now and a lot can happen :P I would recommend it to everyone, because i definitely think that its one of the better tower defends games out there. <3"
76561198137901626,Recommended,236110,20463806,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jabhook81,"PRO'S: - Great game if you like looting games- Well optimized for an alpha- You can waste hours if not the whole day away grinding for levels and loot-Trendy team listens to customer input for bugs and ways to improve the game-FREE TO PLAY!! (but i spent a few bucks to support the game/company with zero regrets)Con's  - I lost my job, my wife and kids to this game.....but at least im on nightmare 3 working on nightmare 4....but in short, totally worth it!!!! (thats a joke btw people)- still some bugs that needs fixing...but nothing game breaking.Definately worth a download (or purchase if you want some costumes and stuff)"
,Recommended,236110,20530282,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BinarSkugga,"Played the first one, enjoyed it. Played the second one fell in love with it <3"
76561198148591256,Recommended,236110,19378344,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Deaf Blade,PLZZZZ Make it mac version
76561198085422389,Recommended,236110,32653208,Posted: 22 June,all,Blackpeoplemeet.com csgoboss.com,Trash ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198026110446,Not Recommended,236110,14426371,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CrevetteQC,"Game crashes non-stop on end-game, incursion , @ throne room, on the boss fight when he's almost dead, very discouraged by this, and would not recommend for the time being."
,Recommended,236110,24034219,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Oxolot,sexy
76561198068770308,Not Recommended,236110,32794283,Posted: 25 June,all,Pink Plushie,Can't even play with the new server issues. Unplayable for most until this is even fixed. Don;t buy until then
76561198078663891,Recommended,236110,24307015,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,懿懿,u really should adjust the bead sight. everyone look into ground now. It's really wired.
,Recommended,236110,16228732,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DayWing,Is GUD. Not big souprice.
76561198066431516,Recommended,236110,33255633,Posted: 4 July,all,Byancaa,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,236110,16513171,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Multin3fo,very funn game :DBuybuy
76561198049306760,Recommended,236110,15329242,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bubonic Plague,I WANT TO UPGRADE TO  THE Collector's Edition BUT I HAVE NO MONEY :(. CAPS FTW
76561198033965774,Recommended,236110,18629211,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Githyan,If i could condense this game into a jelly. I would eat that jelly.
76561198117775082,Recommended,236110,22764579,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,B4NK3RP1NGU,this game is realy good download it now easly the best free to play easly!!!!! 10/10
76561198084713630,Recommended,236110,17804672,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,bobola133,"such a great game, loving it"
76561198127046842,Recommended,236110,17290439,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Skullghost,This game is so much fun! I have always loved the dungeon defenders series and this game is so amazing! I love how its going to be free to play. Even though i bought it for $14.99 when it was on sale it was sooooo worth it. The game mechanics are really good too. There are still some bugs in the game but nothing that will bother me when I am playing this game! AHHHH its so freaking good!
76561198065042146,Recommended,236110,17292320,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,devil14901,fun strategy game based upon team development. some maps are challenging if you don't have the correct combination of champions. great graphics and cool storyline. glitches a bit but what do you expect out of an alpha
76561198324700530,Recommended,236110,29527697,Posted: 27 January,all,mirko destroyer || S.O.C ||,its ok :)
,Recommended,236110,29518664,Posted: 27 January,all,Jasteraz csgo500.com,"if added more stuff, would be even great"
,Recommended,236110,29529496,Posted: 27 January,all,✪ DanZzo,love it ♥ ♥ ♥
,Recommended,236110,29527519,Posted: 27 January,all,Pootisaurus Rex,"This game is a fun twist on defense games, awesome pets, cosmetics and characters. I also love the team up with Terraria!"
,Recommended,236110,17272810,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,KruegerX™,good game
,Not Recommended,236110,29791265,Posted: 8 February,all,Grimfall,"I do not recommend this game due to a variety of reasons, one is the glitchy, lag-infested start to the game if you are just getting into the game, two, is the pay to play aspect of the game, though granted it is a free-to-play game.Overall I enjoyed the game for a little but soon came to learn that it has a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection aspect to it, where if you want to play with you friends in parties, good luck dealing with the bloody lag. The game itself is very good and enjoyable though so I will commend that aspect."
,Not Recommended,236110,18559898,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TeZi :]  #Done,"paid 20€ for this game, knew it would be f2p but i thought we would get something more special.We got some coins for the ingame shop and a f hat and some other few features? For 20€?DD1 Was the S*, DD2 is just trying to squeeze the lemon of money."
,Recommended,236110,29964974,Posted: 16 February,all,IAintDedYet,Just awesome
,Recommended,236110,15864442,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ninja cat,I want local co-op
76561198238669014,Recommended,236110,30223073,Posted: 27 February,all,JackyyyQ,great fun & amazing game. i absolutely loved the first one aswell.
,Recommended,236110,15137077,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,(Panda) Hati,Good game.
76561198153585149,Recommended,236110,24761518,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,JaySmoove416,This game is a drug.
,Recommended,236110,30600894,Posted: 18 March,all,DarkAdronimerAPK,"I loved the first Dungeon Defenders, and it took me a little bit to actually start to like this one. I always had to manually go through the ini file to get the game to do 4K, and this new update is proving to be just awful. Way too much stuff and certain things not even working anymore.Dungeon Defenders 2 needs to do 2 things. Make it simpler, and bring back split-screen. Split-screen was my most favorite part about the game, and now in order to play with my Finacee side by side, I have to have two computers in the same room.Remove this latest update, and bring back split-screen please."
76561198148920968,Not Recommended,236110,31313644,Posted: 23 April,all,Namiro,hi
76561198059498453,Not Recommended,236110,34180465,Posted: 11 August,all,CronaBlackBlud,"If the first game is a PS3, then this game is the console Apple made. Wait Apple made a game console? Yes, look it up. Anyways, the game is jsut boring compared to the first, you can't really farm for any special item, just better generic ones. The way the game looks isn't even better than the first. I just feel like they took a giant leap back and made a completely different game, honestly change the name."
,Not Recommended,236110,18802175,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Banditten hellcase.com,DID I PAY 25€ FOR THIS AND NOW IT'S FOR FREE!?Eitherway it's actually pretty fun
,Recommended,236110,29929500,Posted: 14 February,all,B10nicle,Anyone know how to reset your character?
76561198026067702,Not Recommended,236110,21078302,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Blank,OMG i bought the game when it came out for like 20 euro and now it's free!!
76561198011807715,Not Recommended,236110,22544123,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jadstar,"I was so dissapointed how theyve removed the player shop and RNG loot system. Going to a players tavern to buy something you wanted was awesome. Should have kept the RNG system, personal player loot sucks. Seeing a high quality item dropping and rushing to it before another player gets it was so satisfying."
76561198071156829,Not Recommended,236110,22318231,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HILLBULLY,I have over 2000 hours in dd1 aand this game doesnt compare. Why dont sequels ever just use what works.? How bout forget the sequal and just add paid DLC to the first game that is already great?
,Not Recommended,236110,22326277,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,VladThePaler,If you like the orig you won't like this. Hopefully the updates change things but this feels like a money grab game and not in a fun way.
76561198213530037,Not Recommended,236110,22637039,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FuriousApple,Its a ok game i think the first one is way better in my opinion but thats just me
,Not Recommended,236110,13564357,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Disasterbenz,"Because of the ark lawsuit, you have lost a player and long time fan of the series.GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER TRENDY!DONT RECOMMEND TRENDY IS A RUBBISH COMPANY."
76561198071887713,Not Recommended,236110,17299684,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,wwcasedo,good game....shame controller support was not implemented from day one. I know it is early release but cmon.I love the game but that still needs to happen before I can recommend.
76561197987568693,Not Recommended,236110,18229637,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Glove World Enthusiast,I paid 15 dollars for this game. And played it for about 1.5 days.
76561198113299753,Not Recommended,236110,18392816,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kamaya86,Character disappeared from my account.. all of them was cap'd level.. sign in and bam starting over.. yeah i know its a new computer but whats up?
,Not Recommended,236110,18483634,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Frozen,So... it's pay2win game now?
76561198096099669,Recommended,236110,17052936,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Turtlemaster,even more fun than the first
76561197988032575,Not Recommended,236110,13686402,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sleviron,"No no ofc not.. Selling their first made champion after 1,5years for real money while still calling the game alpha is not P2W pfffff not even close,-.- ok but they give you lots of cool chests ingame where you also have to spend irl cash to open them having the most awesome chance to get nothing you can't already buy for a somewhat cheaper price with gems or something you ""already have"". whatever who cares right?? Rarity of pets have never been more useless since you can buy rarity.The investors for this game are people giving them money for making kids stuff and the devs are so ♥♥♥♥ing lazy and slow they should be paid double. they should obviously be allowed to earn lots of money on a far from complete game, while there only is 5 frkn characters in the whole game which 4 of them was from their last game but they still only managed to make a few maps to give for free. well tobad they didn't cost money unlike all other maps which are gonna get a big price on them, but they did make alot of accessories and stronger pets for real money aswell. But that was ok because it's definetly not like they want money for something that isn't nearly done cause they spent all money on other useless studio♥♥♥♥♥♥or gave it all away to some lazy producer. NOOOOOO ♥♥♥♥ THAT!!!! IT IS NOT P2W EVENTHOUGH I'M BLIND AND BRAINDEAD..........Eventhough i love this game and the exploiting devs, i just want to make something clear. If you where able to hack the game so it gives you the double amount of exp and gold earned for free just by writing a code or something is as much ""CHEATING"" as paying real money and getting the boosters from the devs that doesn't matter ingame cause  it's making the whole game extremely much easier and pointless. All game are balanced to that exp and gold earned throughout the game is limited balanced on ingame progress. So if you really think that's ok, you are promoting cheats in a game where the devs choose to sell their cheats for greed. So there can be no opinions against this fact because it is simply a fact and not something you can choose to believe if you're not stupid enough to deny the truth. So FFS only because you're to lazy to play the game without having to pay someone money does not make it less cheating or P2W to buy or hax double/tripple amount of exp earned.They are soooo far from completing the game but they still want to make billions from it. A correct Alpha version: when the game is ""BROKEN"" and the codes are not yet done. but still they called it pre-alpha and put half their crew on making cosmetics and other useless crap. Just think of all the enemies/characters and all other stuff that was missing from the game when they started making money from it. Aswell as making the whole game childish themed game cause they're trying to get a waaaaaaaaaay younger audience. newsflash usually this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing boring if you don't happen to like strategy and tower defence. kids does simply like easy learned action games, like LoL or CS:GO."
,Recommended,236110,17282268,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Smillzor,gg
76561198233472696,Recommended,236110,29468453,Posted: 24 January,all,BlueAce,rely good
,Recommended,236110,35006831,Posted: 16 September,all,Dai Tou Zai,itsguud
76561198046962626,Recommended,236110,19028739,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lives4trauma,"Another Great series from them.  I played DDI and was really good.  So far I have played over 100 hours in DDII and can say once this game comes fully out with all bugs fixed etc it will be a top game for sure.  So much fun.  A great Tower Defense game and adds a RPG aspect to it.  Yes it has some things it needs to improve, but thats why its in Alpha/Beta stages.  So many options and things to do in this game.  A must have.  I have been playing games for about 20 years +.  8/10 (no game is perfect)."
,Recommended,236110,15542413,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/feytey,"This game has a long way to go before it surpasses the first Dungeon Defenders.Now, with this being said I'm not going to say its a bad game, and that doubles for the fact that this game is pre-alpha. Something that I don't understand why people complain about. Pre-alpha means that there are so many more updates that they want to do, they aren't even considering launching the game as an alpha game yet. That just shows pure dedication, and show's exactly how far they are striving for this game to go.So, let's start out with some of the positives----Graphics. I play on low graphics for almost every game (What can I say, I really like seeing big numbers next to my fps, and I'm not exactly rich.) so graphics don't mean a whole lot to me, but when you look at the difference from the last game to this one? Just wow. It's so much better looking all around and that deserves at least some praise.Upgrading Equipment. So, a lot of people will disagree with me here (See ""Needing to use items and gold?? That's Dumb!"" and so forth.) but I personally love this system, it makes so much more sense to pay someone to fuse other gear with your gear to make it more powerful, as opposed to just cramming some crystals into it and calling it a day.Animation- Yeah, this applies to the tavern mostly. Upgrading and the like, some really nice looking animations for a game of this type.Currency- There are three different types of currency in this game, a big upgrade from the last where you used gems for everything. There are blue gems, used as you'r character's mana to use your abilites. Green gems, used to build defenses, up and re them, so on and so forth, and finally gold. Which is used to buy/upgrade weapons. I think that is much better than just one currency to rule them all.Noooow to the negative...Matchmaking- This is posted in the to-do list for trendy, as anyone who reads their updates will see. But I cannot beg you enough to get that update live. Matchmaking is really hard on everyone, not just high or low levels, but everyone. I can almost never seem to find a group to play with.Defending in Single Player- Towers took an arrow to the knee in this game. They are so nerfed that they can hardly stand their own without someone there to kill enemies at the same time they are. Towers just aren't strong enough to hold themselves up and if you are one person you can't be everywhere at once. So this can make single player really difficultJavelins- Enemies that outrange your towers. Okay, I see what you wanted here trendy, you wanted to make the game more balanced so that people cant just set up towers and afk farm to their hearts content. And I praise you for that, that is not a bad idea... But once again, if you are in single player, or even if your allies don't see one of these guys? You can expect to lose. They will utterly dominate your towers since your towers have no hope of retaliation. It's a good idea trendy, but this just adds to the nerf that towers took, at this point it's just kinda adding insult to injury.Resistances- Please, no. Just no. My squire has to use an ability that has a ten second cooldown just to deal normal amounts of damage to this enemy? This is like saying ""PLAY MONK OR PLAY ONLINE"". Sure you still deal damage to enemies that are resistant to your damage type, but it gets so annoying to watch the enemies just soak up the reduced damage and still deal their normal amount of damage to you.My overall advice for this game, if you are looking for an awesome game that you want to play online, make some new friends or just bring your friends in to play with you. This is without a doubt a good game for you to play. If you are looking for some quality single player action, look elsewhere, this game will not do you well.Keep up the great work nonetheless trendy, I love playing this game online so I plan on sticking around to see what you plan to do and how far this game makes it."
76561198006769825,Not Recommended,236110,22110063,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Hidden Symmetry,"Even though the game is good, the fact that Trendy is trying to profit from ARK: Survival's success through a lawsuit makes that I cannot recommend this to anyone anymore. :(It's sad that they made ARK into the competition it never was and I hope more people will think the same and support ARK instead."
,Not Recommended,236110,17283280,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ixxel,"Pro's-Fun, well done.-Good levels with varying degress of difficulty-Early access game that took the feedback of its players seriously.Con's-Early access game that took the feedback of its players seriously.  Why is this a pro and a con...  well, frankly, the community said wipe everyones data and make everyone start over from scratch again with nothing really to show for it.-Hard finding intelligent people to play the game--needs some kind of ranking system so you know you aren't playing with a 5 year old that has no idea what they are doing."
76561198122476087,Not Recommended,236110,13318571,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,slyDog,This is an alright game but definately not worth $20. It's like when you go to the movies or a restraunt and they have that 50 cent game that doesn't save your progress.3/10
,Not Recommended,236110,19715527,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Its Pixie !,"an early access game with 155 $  worth of DLC........just get the first game, its better anyways"
,Not Recommended,236110,14509280,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dizz,Everything about this game sucks.The Launcher sucks.The lag sucks.The items suck. [I have no idea if I'm wearing decent gear or not.]Why couldn't they just stick with what made DD1 so good?The only good thing about this game is it looks nice.Also spoiler alert this game will be 99% DLC which means you either pony up money or you can't do lots of stuff.JULY 10TH UPDATE:It's still bad and I still regret paying for this..
76561197978156557,Recommended,236110,17270461,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cutter,"All the best pieces of RPGs and Tower Defense games baked together, iced with a gorgeous art style and sprinkled with a hundred thousand shiney pets and treasures.  Just trust me, and have a slice, it is delicious."
,Not Recommended,236110,13308235,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,alonzoftw,"This is nothing like DD1, which is heart-wrenching. I hate to say it but I wish I could get a refund."
,Recommended,236110,13275339,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dude Ferrari,Alot of fun to play with friends and even with randoms.
76561198000853010,Not Recommended,236110,13559267,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moon Doggie,While being a really great game with alot of potential i can't recammend it on the basis of it being a cash cow
,Not Recommended,236110,22271197,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Fain,Garbage
,Recommended,236110,13262902,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Bemer Hellcase.com,"Great game with more to come, if you liked the first one you should really give this one a go!Minor bugs but its no DayZ!"
76561198357097641,Not Recommended,236110,29700791,Posted: 4 February,all,nekorbin,Not worth playing until split-screen multip-player is available on Steam.
76561198049510796,Not Recommended,236110,13563684,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PippaPants,"No real story line.  Game feels very incomplete, Not worth 20$ even on sale for pre-alpha.  I would wait till the game is finished."
76561198097856142,Recommended,236110,17053267,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Xonori,Clean graphics. Amazing artwork. Amazing teamwork combinations with towers. The only downside is that there are not enough people playing yet!
76561197997836616,Not Recommended,236110,17292600,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Inspektor McAwesome,"Can't play the game.  I can start the program and navigate the menus, but the game refuses to load and crashes whenever I try to actually play it.  The first DD was a blast, but this pre-alpha is little more than a cash grab.  Would not have bought the game until it was playable if I knew it would be unplayable."
76561198066235742,Recommended,236110,13274165,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,wuvykins,great multiplayer game
,Recommended,236110,14961409,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,YourMOM,nice game ~ hope it gonna be better n better
76561197965570772,Not Recommended,236110,13872808,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Moose,"Pros: Stunning graphics, very good polish for a pre-alpha.Cons: Significant advantage to playing multiplayer, many trolls in matchmaking, poor balance, more of a weird action game than a tower defense game.As a fan of tower defense, I greatly prefer DD1. This was a step back."
76561197982380514,Not Recommended,236110,13511949,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,marciotf,"ok, i bought this expecting an upgraded DD1. But this is a different, much worse game. Do not buy thiking this is like DD1, read the other reviews first. I loved DD1 and Im hating DD2."
76561198102772145,Not Recommended,236110,13583668,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jesus2gewd,cant login to the client. customer support hasnt done anything to help. friend has the same problem
76561198038967533,Recommended,236110,13319220,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RobinAsplind(SWE),"Very awesome,beutiful craphics and a very good flow in gameplay even tho its early access."
76561198028216053,Not Recommended,236110,13738380,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Y O U R,"Well currently it's in alpha, and it seems to be geared towards ipad somewhat which might be off putting for some, besides that it's still quite good. I'd probably recommend getting dungeon defenders the original however because I don't feel as if this game adds that much. The end."
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,236110,13738559,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,"As of ""pre alpha""Pros: a few new skills, new enemy types, more fluid animations, fixed environmental trapsMixed: graphics look like devs hired Orcs Must Die team to redo DD in its styleCons: Terrible inventory management, only 4 tower types for each character, horrible mantling, clunky interface that is a step backwards from DD1, ridiculously small maps, ranged enemies can make maps labor intensive (aka micromanging by having to manually run around map to kill them in some cases)Overall, this is a pass for asking price..F2P  go for it though, but DD1 and DDE are far more polished and elegant in terms of basic controls and core gameplay. Hopefully this one gets fixed up by release"
,Recommended,236110,13589647,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Bubblegum Squirts,This game is as good as a fried baby on a stick
,Recommended,236110,13333962,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,funk,"very team based, love it."
,Not Recommended,236110,25297377,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Techerock,I currently concider Dungeon Defenders II a crappy game that I shouldn't have bought because it is offering Paid DLC whilst still in early access. What a freaking joke. Paid DLC should only be added after full release of their game which is why I cannot recommend this to anyone at all.
76561198050537674,Not Recommended,236110,24238215,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dbowen,"Ok wait a minute....  I paid for this on day one....  it was a broken, unplayable mess....  I come back now and it's free to play?  And I STILL have to purchase all of the characters?  And it still stinks?!  Do not buy this game, do not support Trendy, do not support these practices.  AVOID."
,Not Recommended,236110,15623278,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ErrorManiac,"Okey so rewriting the review as the game is still not as gread as first DD its all right and hopefully when it releases it will prove to be better game. I dont have many hours as I played more on my friends account. Main problem here is the level, first as I said before it seems like it just a number no more what so ever how ever the worst thing is needing to grind same level over and over to reach specific level to unlock a new level which is rather boring maybe its because of lack of levels so you finish the game to early but thats no excuse either...Still need solo play thats as good as online just harder since you alone not ohh no friends around here get less loot but still as hard as with 4 people. Also maybe gems from enemies fly right to you if you get the kill to the mob so if my turret killed it or got most dmg out i get the gems not the person standing at the front taking all gems leaving me with nothing exepct chest at the end of the wave.Its sometimes hard to get an online match but i can see why its still early stages so not as many players especialy if you look at the first one that still has rather good ammount of people playing online and even more playing private and solo. Character customization is actualy a bit bigger now with skill spheres but sadly they give so little change that its boring i mean sure cool i get improvement but i want DD1 kind of improvement or better not a tiny specticle compared to what i could get in dd1. Some even feel unbalance or just bad at times.Next thing please look into the interface of war table is god awfull the first game had all you need, level advice (like for level 20or so) a simple picture of what the level looks like simple selection for levels just scroll down instead. The maps are fine but they give me no detail at all i dont know what level it is i ended up going back to old maps few times since the pictures sometimes point at the sky which is no help pictures that give the whole map away are great that way i know exactly what it is i dont need a nice shot of it i just need to see the main area where i will be walking and defending.Okey had an issue solved by the devs really well no question and rebought the skin that failed to be bought last time yet it took the payment from me lol.. while the fix was easy and simply i did had to wait rather long time for it but did not mind for a game in development im sure they had better things to do plus its not like i could not play just was missing gems for something i bought but never got lol.So far cant say this game is great to support them you could buy it and try it or just wait till a lot is fixed and hopefully changed or a lot of new things are added as right now i might as well replayed DD1 ten to twenty times because why not its still fun, and hopefully this will outgrow the first one eventualy or I'm gone be sad I wanted an improved version of DD1 for some time,"
76561198069777724,Not Recommended,236110,13450437,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,"Hogga, doesn't speak Russian","Unplayable, random teleports and the game is in pre-alpha."
,Not Recommended,236110,13465869,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Illius,"In it's current state, it's not worth the purchase. If you want it, I would recommend waiting until it's free and complete. I loved the first one, and it feels as though it's going in the right direction, but as it stands it is still far enough stray that they may come across Bugs Bunny after he's passed Albuquerque.Pros:+Improvement on Map Level Design+Encourages players to be more proactive in playing, instead on relying on towers for the whole thing+More enemy variety, not just more goblins, orcs, ogres, and god damn explosions.+Items FEEL stronger. You find a strong item, you feel the power as you smack them down.+Seperate mana pools for Abilities and Towers. This means you are more willing to use abilities which pays off more.+""Sub-Cores"" which you don't NEED to defend, but it helps since if they break more enemies spawn and they spawn really close to your main core.+Maps are DIFFERENT. They have some kind of trick to them that really pays off. Some are just simple traps, some have special items such as ""MAgic Sentries"" which effectively act as a placeholder turret.+Classes feel more balanced. Now you don't have barrage of hyper-spears while somebody like Huntress is struggling keeping traps going.+You get rewarded win or lose, but more for wins.Cons:-Forced Leveling. Progression should be made through completion, not through playing a lot. If you have a level up system, it should make it that playing a lot makes it easier, but should not be mandatory. In fact, if you level up too much it doesn't matter since you get downscaled back to the level the stage is at. And if you don't level up enough you can't move on. This means you effectively MUST be in the level range to play stages. If they had the option to choose to downscale yourself, or to upscale the stage, that would be fine but you should not be forced to only have so much power.-Weaker skill point system. The upgrades for skillpoints are terrible. In DD1, you could upgrade your towers or a certain stat. Here, you can upgrade abilities, which would be nice.... if they were so unbalanced and poorly done. Example: My Monk levels up. I can choose to upgrade where I deal 50% more damage on my next Melee attack. Alternatively, I could upgrade my Lightning Aura to just permanently deal roughly 50% more damage all the time, and when we both deal the same rough starting DPS, which will you think I will choose? If you could upgrade states or some special bonuses, it'd be fine but as it stands, you will only really be putting points into 2 things.-Single Player = No Go. You CAN play alone. You CAN also stick your hand onto a hot stove. Unless you have some kind of magic, you won't. Everybody has a special chest at the start of each wave for tower mana, but this means in single player you are effectively getting 1/4 of the possible mana as you get in 4 player. This means less towers, and since there are more enemies, and they are more powerful overall, and more spots to cover, it is nearly impossible. This is also fed into the fact that you can't get ahead, meaning you don't have the power to even attempt a solo run of most stages. If they had something such as scaling, or allowed you to not be downscaled it would be possible, but as it stands most stages need a MINIMUM of 2 players, and these usually have to be good players.-Lack of a real story? I am going to places getting attacked. Yay? This may change in the future, but as it stands you really don't know why you are there other than ""THINGS! KILLING! DEADLY! YOU MUST STOP THEM!""  At least the first one had that you were kids that basically called hells army to you, and you are making your way through stopping them.-No Boss Fights? I may not have made it far enough at time of writing, but as it stands I have yet to run into a single boss. And I thouroughly enjoyed those in the first one.-Towers feel more of a support, than an actual defence. If you plan on relying on your buildings, you aren't going to make it far. This isn't a bad concept, but it means you can never turn a blind eye to anywhere enemies can come in, since they will get chipped away and that's it."
76561198061038050,Not Recommended,236110,13469250,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ちんぽ,Haven't pressed ctrl+alt+delete in a long time...
,Recommended,236110,16695744,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nihil Reich,perfect game to play when you're sleepless and listening to a podcast in the background
76561198108075836,Recommended,236110,13350482,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Thats it im dead,dudududududududududududududududuudu aaaa ♥♥♥♥♥ttttt bibibibibibbibibibbiiii THEY ALL DEADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,236110,13263318,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Evelynn,Damn.
76561198041970247,Recommended,236110,15545185,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Skooma,"11/10, i loved DD1 played alot of it, NOW this im loveing this so much cant wait for more content to lose sleep over"
,Not Recommended,236110,34015327,Posted: 4 August,all,Traps are not gay,i spent money on the game and now its free to play i hate this game now
76561198056565409,Not Recommended,236110,13331582,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,DuCkY,im gonan give this game a bad review because 1 its amazing and is better than dd1 but this game is riddled with bugs atm like for  exacmple when u get to lvl 10 this is a high chance ur character get deleted for no reason so dont waste ur time on this peice of junk untill it realeases
76561198116548437,Not Recommended,236110,13370617,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TheNightwing,My time with this game has not been an easy one it has crahsed every time i try to play level one. I know its all early axcess and this is probally a rare acurance but untill either i work out how to fix it or a patch for any problem (if it is a dev problem) i cant recommend
,Recommended,236110,13633467,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kodas,"Very boring in Pre-Alpha, what do you expect? Fun game overall, I perfer DD1 instead of DD2 so far but my opinion can change once game is out of Pre Alpha.CONS:Not much to doWeak towersNo character customization so far, (Everyone looks the same)PROS:Amazing atmosphereFun gameplay7/10Will update once game is more updated"
,Not Recommended,236110,25513242,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,WICE,"I cant believe they have managed to ♥♥♥♥ this game up so much!Dungeon Defenders 1 was so good, and then they make a successor that is this bad..FFS, why must they do that?!♥♥♥♥ing trendy games, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together..."
,Not Recommended,236110,13459839,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ges1983,"Game is crashing all the time - support is not helping at all, instead they give some random amateur advices to update drivers etc... while this is only game that is not working on my PC."
,Recommended,236110,16378199,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Marley MeredyC ♥,YES 10/10.
,Recommended,236110,13325569,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,carlos danger [NO MONITOR],This is a computer game
,Recommended,236110,19271495,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] -------------------------------O-- [Fantastic]
,Recommended,236110,13353313,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Pasta Masta,Ok so far alot of peole are complaining about the same thing and well to be honest shut up.1 yes it doesnt feel like DD1 why would you want to make a remake of a good game give me a new one like the devs have done.2 you dont like the downscale casue it makes you work harder to achive things ummm the game devs are not your granny get over it.3 items oh boy do i have alot to say here but ill leave it as you let one person do all the work you get no drops you use team work and get bonuses you get lots of good drops SIMPLE TO UNDERSTAND!!! every game ive had where ive had heaps of teamwork bonuses come up ive allways gotten better than green and most of the time blue items gear is not hard.4 specs/stats ill admit there could be some work done here it does feel as some of the specs you get are not worth bothering with.as for stats ive not had any problem getting my stats up just need the right items and upgrade them.5 the OGRE!  whats not to love he smashed your stuff up hurts you if you get too close and makes you work to defeat him. ive only ever had him ruid a game once or twice after you get to sit down and know him hes quite a nice guy that doesnt want to smash your puny face in.6 buildings well if you dont know what needs to go where you are gonig to have a bad time here waste gems and loose towers.and as ive said earlier teamwork is keyoverall i love this game it needs work yes that is certain but stop badmouthing it cause your either having a bad time getting used to the new system or becasue you want to feel like somone is holding your hand.
,Recommended,236110,13570871,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tom,Epic.
,Recommended,236110,16473398,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The_Shamster,very fun game
76561198166195718,Not Recommended,236110,19748042,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,R A N D O M,i bought this game when it was 27 dollars now its free.. nuff said i think
76561198055040189,Not Recommended,236110,13850579,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Walnutter,same game as the first which is not a con but should be noted. i really liked the first one but because this one doesnt have the ability to do custom resoluions or use my native one the game either just looks really bad for me or the screen dims and becomes too dim. if they ever fix this i will play the crap out of it but until then it killed the game for me
76561197970186150,Not Recommended,236110,14399838,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Major Konig,"Love the first game... Disliked the Eternity remake and also hate this version as well.  No local Co-op is crap.  Who cares about the graphics, all I care about is the tower defense part and now it sucks.  Very limited towers, etc.  Makes me wanna puke.  Have a feeling it's going ot be pay to win also, along with no offline mode it seems.  Better stick to Dungeon defenders 1 imo."
76561198086300393,Recommended,236110,17290616,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Victarion,pretty fun so far
76561198054214794,Not Recommended,236110,19622135,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,tpe4ever,"PAY TO WIN WARNING!  PAY TO WIN WARNING! PAY TO WIN WARNING!  PAY TO WIN WARNING!=====================================================================They took my money...and then changed the financial model for this game after my purchase.I paid for several copies of this when it went on sale, figuring we'd put in some hours when it left early access.After paying a chunk of real money to have several copies of this game...It is changed to a freemium, PAY TO WIN model.Wow, this sort of bait and switch should be against the Steam Terms of Service!I'd refund and never play this garbage now if I only could, but they were dishonest and now they have my money and I have a worthless ""PAY TO WIN"" game..."
,Not Recommended,236110,18785464,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,taiyoctopus,"It's like if Bethesda released Elder Scrolls VI and had the entire game world be a quarter the size of Skyrim...That's pretty much what Trendy has done here.Your level ups affect littleYour stats affect littleYour gear affects littleYour pets might as well be cosmetic, infact their attacking is so negligable that one could argue it is cosmetic.Everything has been dummed down to the point where none of it matters... What point is there to grinding until you find that new upgrade piece if either peice of gear barely produces a noticable effect on your character and gameplay?The two big choices you got are what class do you want to play and what cosmetic costume do you want to wear... If you can answer that you've already experienced the best this game has to offer."
76561198050155860,Recommended,236110,13603059,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SuperNerfGun,the got rid or upgradeing your abiltes this game is meh
,Recommended,236110,20991176,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,☠☠☠,"if your a fan of constant game changing patches, then this is the game for you. at least they arent wiping your characters anymore. now they are just making it to where you have to relearn everything over, and over, and over again. just pick a build and stick with it!!!"
,Not Recommended,236110,23560589,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,pandora,"This game used to be really fun, until it became F2P. I bought 2 copies, 1 for me and 1 for my friend, and a couple months later, found out it just became F2P. Yay, thanks for wasting my $50! <3"
,Not Recommended,236110,26379633,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,alienfreak10,"went downhill from being a good game. dont need to say anything just look at the other reviews, they just want your money lol."
,Not Recommended,236110,18481840,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MordeCool,turned into f2p... I BOUGH 4 PACK
76561198005305852,Not Recommended,236110,17275249,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Clown,"They would have had to go out of their way to ruin a sequel to a great game, and that's exactly what they did. They should have just kept adding DLC for the original game, this is an abomination of the first game."
,Not Recommended,236110,25674295,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ColonelBlack#2769 - Destiny 2,Sick of falling through the map. Googled it and it's been around for a  year
76561198065131892,Recommended,236110,30283244,Posted: 2 March,all,FriendlyFireOn,"I don't particularly love the game but the new update is great for people who want to play the game who quit a long time ago. However, it has a ton of whiners because the people playing still are the ones who actually like the item power system (as bad as it was) and now they don't understand it and they hate it after like 2 hours of playing.It's free, can't hurt. Just don't buy stuff if you don't want to. But it's Fun enough for 0 dollars."
76561198198212966,Not Recommended,236110,18619904,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Moonfire235,its retareded and unfun not recamended
,Recommended,236110,29555257,Posted: 28 January,all,Fooz,ccoooooool doooooooooood
76561198280080204,Not Recommended,236110,29555873,Posted: 28 January,all,AreaPreserved pvpro.com,this is just one of the most fun games in the world you will not find any other one like dis
,Recommended,236110,29412418,Posted: 21 January,all,「 Eviler 」,good games  !
,Recommended,236110,16473287,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,1G,Good Game
76561198140080394,Not Recommended,236110,18531965,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,brhoades2u,"Stupid game, I loved the console version, read reviews on this and I have the ideal PC qualities still crashes. Worst game ever. Waste of money. Developers should refund"
,Recommended,236110,15572189,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dilly,i like capri sun
76561198048414884,Recommended,236110,21905966,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dragons56785,"I'm starting to hat this game right now because of it's price. The game is pretty good, my friend and I would play this all the time but haven't in a while. I was looking through the free games for a new game to play and then this game pops up saying you can get this for free. When this game first came out I went and got it for $20-$25 and now it's free, really. I hate this now because I had to pay for it and now its free, which does not make any sense of it. I would still recommend it because it is a pretty good if you like tower defence with third person view. It is pretty fun, but they do have some problems they need to fix. The main thing I think they need to deal with which now they kinda messed up because I had a lot of them and then they took them away from me is the pets. The pets area is just I don't even know about anymore. They are just not great anymore like the first one and when the game first came out. The pets now are bland too bt at the beggining they were pretty good until one update came up and ruined it and I do not remember what the update was."
,Not Recommended,236110,18548323,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,dibbyd,"I Hate This Game,First The Game Is Not Fun At All, I Bought It For $25 And Now Its Free, and I Loved The First Game But This Just Went Down Hill. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"
76561198051358841,Not Recommended,236110,17393368,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Fap.Kakacarrotcake,"Neoconservative trendy and their liberal ways are a threat to our freedom.  No economy, traps heavily nerfed, and there's no sign of trendy focusing on non-paid content after code cracking by several individuals.    This game is a hack and slash not a tower defense.  Thanks Obama.  Vote for my son in the upcoming primaries please.  twerk team ron paul out              .I.(0.0).l."
,Recommended,236110,26640547,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,My Waifu Hibiki,"Let me start out with a ♥♥♥♥ you to all dem haters. I am not a fanboy, just a dedicated player with 300 hours on the game. So let me make an actual review that makes sense instead of the people who blantly just judges the game by it's main aspects without bothering to do some simple research.- This game is still in early access so yes there is a lot of bugs yet to be fixed but please take the initiative to report them to the forums so that the developers can fix it instead of complaining it here in your reviews.- This game is NOT p2w, it's pay4convenience like Warframe. You are able to get the new heroes for free but it will require you to do your weeklies and dalies everyday and grinding out the medals required.- The community is super helpful, because they know how dumb the transition between the Nightmare difficulties can be so there are always people willing to help out.- And I cannot stress the fact that people are comparing this to the original Dunegon Defenders when it isn't fair because DD1 has been released YEARS ago. This game has only been out for 2 years and still in early access so there is more to actually come.- Follow the developer logs on the forums for once and see how much effort they are trying to change the game so much especially the endgame. Endgame is just a hard grind, nothing else. The only fun thing at that stage is trying to defeat the maps with stupid strategies instead of following the meta."
76561197980337410,Not Recommended,236110,29858620,Posted: 11 February,all,CoMMaNDeR,"Well, nice game BUT developers can't even fix a SIMPLE LOADING SCREEN BUG. According to forum about a half year old one.-> UNPLAYABLE!"
,Not Recommended,236110,30153743,Posted: 24 February,all,AoG Ghost [WoRM],"I played the original Dungeon Defenders and loved it so I was pretty excited for this one, but I have to say Trendy dropped the ball here. After a 2 year haitus I return for a day to see lots of new content, but some simple and extremely irritating bugs. They seem to be focused more on content than bug fixes or reworkings, and thier new ""Ascension"" system is a direct copy of Diablo 3's Paragon system. If you're going to copy an entire mechanic from a different game, at least customize it for your own. If you want to buy this game, consider that the early access agreement was last revised October of 2014.Also, the Eye of Chtulhu fight is a joke. The designer needs to be fired, in my honest opinion. Why on earth did you give it noclip?"
76561198309740492,Not Recommended,236110,29875679,Posted: 12 February,all,Izai,"Good to know that thier company is a fan of opm, his training was exactly the same...Just look at thathttp://roamstrong.com/one-punch-man-workout/Complete rip off :/"
76561198193550326,Not Recommended,236110,15972289,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,●Bobby●Shmurda●[GS9],"I CAN'T START PLAYING GAME !!! I DON""T KNOW WHY I BOUGHT IT !"
,Not Recommended,236110,24218915,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"I'm going to quote another review, since it basically covers it:""I am just adding my disapproval to the chorus of those that bought in at full price, very early, out of love for the first game, and find myself unforgivably disappointed with the game today.If I could get a refund, I would.""-RogueDeusIn short, these people are crooked. This project is a money grab. To support it is to denegrate the entire practice of early access."
76561197980671849,Not Recommended,236110,17940644,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,sku,"I bought the game and learnt that I have to buy gems to unlock features, so I quit the game and made this review."
,Not Recommended,236110,18540374,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dat Sheep,kill urself
76561197996393541,Not Recommended,236110,14150856,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,CHerSun,"In its current pre-alpha state - a definitive no-buy. Lacks depth and options, annoying for solo play, lots of things missing."
76561198059845956,Not Recommended,236110,29777726,Posted: 8 February,all,Maaaannn-UUUHH,"sucks♥♥♥♥♥ if you wanna play dd play the first one, this is coming from a pro."
,Recommended,236110,22755702,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JamieKay,Freaking love this game so much <3
,Recommended,236110,20443617,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KILLINGER,"I will always like all series of dungeon defenders !, go play with your friends and u will like this game so much."
,Recommended,236110,30247032,Posted: 28 February,all,MushroomKingPrime,"A F2P tower defense game that can be enjoyed for a time without spending any money. I like the blend of tower defense and spell casting/melee combat hero system that this game offers. Both paths are viable, or try a mix of the two. Fun with friends."
76561198170748130,Recommended,236110,19148759,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Seamoss,"Very good graphics,idea,etc but very laggy so its only 1/4 the fun"
76561198182009482,Recommended,236110,29701570,Posted: 4 February,all,Tine-ma Doamne,pula
,Recommended,236110,29704913,Posted: 4 February,all,ss4pyrox,it is one the bast Free to play games
,Recommended,236110,29706860,Posted: 4 February,all,GreedyBoii_Hayden hellcase.com,Do You Know Chef?
,Recommended,236110,30617552,Posted: 19 March,all,Landy,is this game fun yet? bought it a long time ago.
,Not Recommended,236110,22663307,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,zAlibaba a 8599 loupezniku,Trendy Entertainment makes me wanna throw-up
76561198157455390,Recommended,236110,18097735,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Jonnythan,This is the best game i have ever played. I r8 it 11/10 m8. It is to good!
,Not Recommended,236110,17299130,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SkeletonHarvester,It's like orks must die with better multiplayer but much much slower and all your towers suck
,Recommended,236110,22800312,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Supernoodle,Tis good!
76561198080508316,Recommended,236110,17281596,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Taeyeon,THIS GAME IS BEYOND AMAZING !!!! 10/10
76561198040115065,Not Recommended,236110,13278332,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,atlantean,"I loved and played dozens upon dozens of hours of the original Dungeon Defenders, but for now at least I definitely recommend NOT investing in this game.  There is NO CONTROLLER SUPPORT, only keyboard, so if you're used to playing the way most people did with DD1, you're wasting your money here until it's added.  Trendy insists ""it's on their radar"" but User Interface is the single most vital thing in ANY game; if a person can't play the thing in a way that's comfortable and familiar then they won't be playing it at all for long.  Putting this ""Early Access Pre-Alpha"" game (one that's already been in development for HOW LONG NOW!!???) without Controller Support is INEXCUSABLE and the fact should have been made clear here on the Storefront for potential buyers.Trendy made an amazing, beautiful game with a clear attention to quality in Dungeon Defenders; that earned them my trust to invest in DD2 when I saw it up for sale here.  That trust has been betrayed and I won't forget it; Early Access is nothing more than a money grab and in my humble opinion Steam should END all further Early Access titles.  MAKE DEVELOPERS RELEASE FINISHED GAMES; THEY SHOULD EARN THEIR MONEY UPFRONT to cut out rubbish, broken messes like this, many of which Valve has admitted won't ever be truly finished."
,Recommended,236110,13262484,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nightly LF Painted Halos,This pre-alpha is better than Battlefield 4.
76561197988121280,Not Recommended,236110,22049983,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dohos,sloppy.
76561198126406632,Recommended,236110,13261468,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SHREK2THEMOVIE,highly recommend this game to anyone who likes tower defense games this game is a must need to play.
,Not Recommended,236110,19269018,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ManolisGr2001,fυck u people i bought the fυcking game for 20 euros and now it's free ? you kidding me ? i want my money back
76561198037864330,Not Recommended,236110,32556447,Posted: 18 June,all,UCHANGEDBRO,"Don't waste your time installing it. Save the money you may spend on ingame♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR AN ACTUAL GAME FULL OF CONTENT WORTH THE MONEY!First of all, I actually BOUGHT this game. - just one more reason I despise this developer.I played countless hours of Dungeon Defenders, it was great, it was fun, beat it over and over again because BEEFCAKE THE MIGHTY could, played hours with my firends it was Genius...this DD2 not so much genius.I bought this game because I thought it was going to be the best dungeon defenders ever - How wrong i was-I  got♥♥♥♥♥♥for what i payed when they decided to go Free to play.this game is FULL of things to purchase, oh you want good pet food, you gotta pay for it! BUY THIS THING! BUY DLC!sorry but im not going to pay for DLC for a game that is STILL in early access, that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t my friends.I have played more hours of this game than what are logged on steam, its not nearly as much fun as Dungeon Defenders was, if you can even call this game fun- its a grind fest now trying to get upgrades.On top of this its garbage content and tons of ways for you to pay into this game of just that, Garbage and the game play isnt nearly as good or as enjoyable as Dungeon Defenders 1.I had high hopes for this game, i hate what the Devs have done with it.I hate the fact that i bought it and gotten nothing in return aside from some in game currency that was essentially worthless.If a developer takes your money, (along with many many others) then makes a game free to play, gives you basically nothing at all, and throws in TONS of ways to get others to pay for in game nonsense..not to mention they went backwards in developing a game thats worse than the orginal.. I'd just stay away from them."
76561198045318265,Not Recommended,236110,34652507,Posted: 31 August,all,bigbear35083,Very upsetting for thoes of us who paid for the game just for it to become free to play
,Not Recommended,236110,25488028,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Intelecto Nível 12,i'm not going to play this game until each character have 5 towers like Dungeon Defenders 1.
76561198025938115,Recommended,236110,13264731,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Boosegumps,"10/10, but the t-rexes ♥♥♥♥ing camp."
,Recommended,236110,13277735,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,maDEMOman,"Very good considering its in Early Acess :)all it needs is a good story mode to go with this (acceptable storyline since loot and survive)as at the moment its basically Monster Hunter's Online modewhere we sort out all our gear,then pick a quest/missionsince loot and survive we get plenty of green mana now! im glad that they made the update :)But it is still annoying that i need 4 people to get the highest loot drop rates..i say solo is harder then 4 people therefore should be giving the higher bonus to loot drop chances.8/10 in gameplay6/10 for the community.(Edited because of Loot and Survive patch)"
76561198086038254,Recommended,236110,13264909,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Unotro,Is game dat is gud.
76561198032010421,Not Recommended,236110,17262389,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The West,"second review after releaseThey've added a lot to this game since my first review, and while a lot of the new features are cool (like costumes) the core gameplay is still flawed.At max level, almost every game i've been in goes something like this: One of the four people builds, and that person always has towers that one shot creatures (even on the hardest difficulty). Was just in a game where we beat the hardest current boss in under 15 seconds. The other three people in the game can just literally stand around and collect loot at the end of waves. There's no challenge, its way too easy.As the devs continue to add features i see them more and more ignoring the true problems this game has. A simple nerf to tower damage across the board by say - 50-60% or so would bring me into this game. Right now it just doesnt feel like i had to work for all my shiny epics. Would not buy until atleast november. Lets hope they do it right --4/10first review at release-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Great game. If your looking for somthing to sink time into this -will- (meaning later at a future date) be the game for you. As of now, it lacks endgame content and leaves you wondering why you spend hours leveling up, only to get the max level bracket and just farm the same map, usually someone in game who has the best items for towers. I've literally gone afk for 15 mins, come back looted all the items/gold and restarted.Pros:-Gameplay is fun-RPG aspect is great--Loot is cool and has unqiue abilites-graphics style is appealing to the eyes-very addictive-Upgrading items is fun and addivtiveCons:-Lack of content-Very easy; Little challenge-No kick function-No offline mode -the biggest turn off for meWhen this game releases, it will be free to play. At its current state, its not worth 25. Hold off until release for this one."
,Not Recommended,236110,13675775,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jicle,"Game doesnt work for me. Upon startup, the game stops responding and I get an error message:DunDefGame.EXE has stopped working, or something along those lines.0/10 wasted $20"
76561198083962936,Recommended,236110,13276350,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Luck.Duck,"this game is good,in my opinion it just needs some improvements about the variability of hero builds to match the play style of every player and more sinergy between defenses of every class and your own class, but so far it is enjoyable.the best way to play this game is with your friends and fortunately i haven't seen so many toxic players in the public games.the levels can be really challenging, and this is a good thing.i hope that this game will never be a pay to win game."
,Not Recommended,236110,24236836,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jay/Seifer,"i paid £20.00 for this game when it came out, and now it's free? I WANT MY MONEY BACK! what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke!"
76561198022997215,Not Recommended,236110,26349096,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,David,"Dungeon Defenders 2 is a prime example of what you get when you take a good game (the original Dungeon Defenders) and try to turn it into a cash cow. A turd - and we all know what you can't polish.If you can make it past the poorly designed menus without banging your head against a brick wall, or crying like a frustrated baby festering in its own diarrhoea, then congratulations, you now have to deal with creating a character.In this revolting mess, you get to pick between a whopping two characters. Don't get too excited trawling through the abundance of stale appearances, or all the other characters and their abilities, because if you want these you will have to search deep into your wallet.The gameplay is trite and unchallenging. Tactics are few and far between. Gear is the most influential factor in determining your success with various dungeons and difficulties and most of the game revolves around grinding gear. Even the most challenging of dungeons are a cakewalk with sufficient gear. The small number of dungeons in the game are badly designed and lack variety or scope for testing different strategies. There is no challenge. In addition to this, the game is filled with too many unnecessary complications and too much garbage. For example, having to sift through a plethora of junk items after each dungeon to work out what you should sell or equip to make more bag space for the next dungeon.The bad news doesn't end there. The endless amount of bugs, the sluggish mouse response time and the eye splitting aliasing are enough to make a kakapo question what the developers have been doing in the 5+ years this game has supposedly been in development.Trendy have tried everything they can to milk this pathetic excuse for a game from charging for characters, pets, appearances and bag space, to equipment and upgrades. These pitiful attempts at stealing your wages would give even Martin Lewis a seizure.The game has been in early access for years and, judging by the state of it, needs to stay there for a lot more. It showcases everything that's wrong with modern gaming. It truly is hard to find anything good to say about Dungeon Defenders 2. It pales in comparison to the original. I would not even waste your time downloading it."
76561198278684457,Not Recommended,236110,30235829,Posted: 27 February,all,MiniNefarious,"I hate to leave a bad review on a game, but there really is no way to sugar coat this. I don't own Dugeon Defenders, but I decided to try the second game because it was free and Terraria recommended it. When joining games with other people I'm kicked for no reason, and by yourself it's nearly impossible to get past the second level. I tried really hard to like this game, since the story, artstyle, and characters seemed likable. The gameplay feels really one-sided during single player, even with defenses and fully upgraded towers it's difficult to keep a horde of goblins rushing your cart. When testing the Dryad, the map seemed too big and complicated for one player to try out. Some controls are never explained as well. I thought that friends of mine would like to play it with me, but I can see why they would drop out. Lots of the gameplay is pretty much pay to win or pay to look good. I read in several other reviews as well that once the game is out of alpha, all of the info is going to be wiped, and those who payed money would lose all the things they paid for. The set up of the town can be confusing, even if I know where things are located. It would take probably months of farming in a very unpleasent way to even get past the second level, or maybe that's just me. I really want to like this game so badly, but it tries too hard to be a tower defense game that it can't be."
76561198042835480,Not Recommended,236110,30040625,Posted: 19 February,all,Saygrin,wow now its free to play? what about the people who paid for the game in advance what do we get?
,Not Recommended,236110,30161927,Posted: 25 February,all,Hammer,You know it's bad when you go to make a private game and it states that you cannot connect to the host...
76561198082022479,Recommended,236110,21918983,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CRYTEK063,i love this game keep up the good work.
,Recommended,236110,13981669,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,GoatyMGF,"My Dungeon Defenders 2 Review,Heres the link:http://store.steampowered.com/app/236110/First off,the graphics are awesome and very colourful.Second, the Character system,amazing I like the fact how you can only take 3 dudes or less into a battle and also the characters look very cool the animations are awesome!Third, the campaign and online,I love the campaign, and the first levels can get a little bit easy though does get quite intense later on in the game and the online system is very nice I don't like how you can't sell other players towers because they might troll you and place random towers so you can't place towers to defend the crystal you need to be able to sell their towers they troll u with, the switching levels can be a bit annoying and in the way though.To finish it off,The Fourth, about what I think will or should come after Beta, many more Characters, Levels, Enemies, Bug fixes, Better animations, and of course more weapons!I love the game and the type and I also enjoyed making this review and I hope you all like and agree with my review on it! :DI rate it a 9.5/10 Because its just Awesome!"
,Recommended,236110,17271073,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,INCREDIBILIS,Graphics too good for me pc11/10 ignLad game
,Recommended,236110,22086121,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,iHyucc,Butthurt Ark Kiddies Incoming .....
,Not Recommended,236110,29531682,Posted: 27 January,all,WittyWizard96,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in game don't bother ♥♥♥♥in hell.
,Not Recommended,236110,15608919,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Shadowthrone,♥♥♥♥♥GAME. DONT BUY
,Not Recommended,236110,25760618,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FinestDeity,"I always download this game, uninstall it, then download it again to see if it's improved. Unfortunately it never improves. It's just a boring game in my opinion. There's nothing that makes this game stand out from the crowd other than it's a third person tower defense that's multiplayer. I feel like it's also very grindy. You're forced to do the same things over and over again in order to advance your character. The interface is confusing. I never know where to click or go to do what I want to do. The game is just a mess. And to make it worse it's not that fun."
76561198045582442,Not Recommended,236110,26424016,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Avenger Pro,This is just wrong..Dont waste your time...
,Not Recommended,236110,17284667,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,akaElite,I dont like itits good for early acces it needs the old setup back from the first game
,Not Recommended,236110,16704030,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Little Green,"This game is free to play on release, this wasn't advertised clearly enough for my liking meaning I paid for a game I did not have to pay for. Feel cheated."
,Not Recommended,236110,30027269,Posted: 18 February,all,King Megascience,sweet jesus. ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥ my life.
76561198063718763,Not Recommended,236110,32655612,Posted: 22 June,all,Tuandoann,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥and was released in like june 2010 not june 2017. eff off with ur early access in my♥♥♥♥♥ kid
76561197961164665,Not Recommended,236110,14123434,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,xelferTS1,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought it and your god damn playverse wont even let me login to ♥♥♥♥ing play.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as ♥♥♥♥ that I just spent $25 dollars you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198017595699,Not Recommended,236110,30035746,Posted: 19 February,all,Roach,it never connects for me i've been trying but nothing .. server is down since yesterday or something
,Recommended,236110,20613355,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nebrok,Its okay...
76561198141694742,Recommended,236110,26060255,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Eitrie,:)
76561198057923833,Recommended,236110,29952564,Posted: 15 February,all,rebekahbmorgan,ddwadwa (helpful)
,Not Recommended,236110,18276586,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,aeHOOOOOO,P2W
76561198004663245,Not Recommended,236110,29870260,Posted: 12 February,all,spagett,TRASH
,Recommended,236110,17281465,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Stratty,Even more dungeons. Help me D:
,Recommended,236110,16914120,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Disconnected,I get to defeat Blue Shrek.R.I.P Blue Shrek.
76561198069170025,Not Recommended,236110,32596189,Posted: 20 June,all,Stopie,P2P Heroes and micro-transactions yay....
76561198009374118,Not Recommended,236110,13323802,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Longlimb,"Once I clicked play on the launcher, nothing happened. Will rate yes to recommend when I'm actually able to play the game."
,Not Recommended,236110,30244426,Posted: 28 February,all,Daddy Weed 420blzeit,"Don't know why people are only just complaining, morons.BEEN DEAD SINCE RELEASE HOME SLICE."
,Recommended,236110,21959318,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mick,Good.
76561198075479994,Not Recommended,236110,17688546,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Slartey,"It's going to be free to play, and you seem to only be able to buy cosmetics so far with the ingame currency. Character progress gets wiped occasionally in the early access so you could have to level up several times in early access. I reccommend waiting for it to be free to play."
76561198155021860,Recommended,236110,13273656,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Curtis,it amuses me
,Recommended,236110,15618028,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,6LLOSH,T
,Not Recommended,236110,22152449,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Draktok,"The game just isn't fun. The company has shady business practices, the f2p model is very anti-consumer (keep playing if you want the content, or you can buy it, but don't worry, if you buy it all, you'll be paying far more than the MSRP of $60 for an actually good game!)They DLC / nickel and dime their customers, the content is far less enjoyable than DD1, they've had numerous allegations with how they treat employees, now are suing another company while leaving dd2 in such a bad state.Really i don't know how this game is even on steam with how much of a bad show it is in regards to quality and care from the devs. I'm very disappointed."
76561198087321044,Not Recommended,236110,18474988,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,mdstapleton30,Bought it for $20. Now its free to play? Will be asking for a refund.
76561198087896567,Not Recommended,236110,23884051,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[RAOG]richie234567,Purchased the game for $20 two weeks later it goes free to play havent played it since and refuse to ever play it again not even worth the download give me my money back or give me all of the charactors and you will get a positive review.
76561198084462783,Not Recommended,236110,23618419,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lukas,"ugly design, pure p2w"
76561197994981603,Not Recommended,236110,29115751,Posted: 8 January,all,Kulned,.
76561198261691939,Not Recommended,236110,29952520,Posted: 15 February,all,Too Bad You Don't Have A Dad,this is skylanders misscarrage of world of warcrafts baby... also the dryad gave me herpes.
76561198016603441,Recommended,236110,17277227,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Tasijoe,SO FUN! get it :3
76561198037643780,Not Recommended,236110,22071290,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ccnn24,every version is just making this game worse and worse.....pets...ffs....bunch of dumb gimicky♥♥♥♥♥♥for 3 year olds.
,Not Recommended,236110,17017651,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hymen Cholo,same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different package.
76561198028264430,Recommended,236110,22014948,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Eightswitch,"Release date was in 2014....release the damn game alreadyi've sunk hours alreadybut i know you're gonna erase it all eventually,so why bother?oh yea, cuz its fun as hell"
76561197997898951,Not Recommended,236110,16415384,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Papa Giuseppe,"If you like Blizzard games you will probably like this - as it feels like a dumbed down, consolised, cartoony, noob friendly version of a really great existing game (DD1).Not for me unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,236110,16505779,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,bttrflii,"Dungeons Defenders II showed a lot of promise when it was first offered for early access, but each patch has steadily decreased my enjoyment of the game."
,Not Recommended,236110,18473511,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Void Bot,free game what i buy :I
,Not Recommended,236110,13259151,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ShawnTails,"The design of the characters are way better. I really loved the first one but after just playing the first map, i can already tell that this one will not surpass the first one. It's not a bad game but the the way it feels is much different than the first one. For now i will continue to play the beta but i must say that my second pc that is only a year old stuggles to run the game on medium graphics which is kinda weird since this is not the most graphically intense game there is.Anywho, unless you really like the first game and are willing to try this one to find bugs and help trying to improve it, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,236110,16511285,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,𝕞𝕣. 𝕚 𝕝𝕚𝕜𝕖 𝕔𝕠𝕔𝕠𝕟𝕦𝕥s,First was better.
,Not Recommended,236110,13968612,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Drapes,i liked the first one more
,Recommended,236110,17272536,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Adam Sandler Crab,"10/10, had a good time defending my dungeon from the gay community"
76561198116088424,Recommended,236110,32618558,Posted: 21 June,all,BoYs sex intern,5/5
,Recommended,236110,13284548,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Battleraiser,"Feels very familiar with the first game.. Build towers, upgrade towers, kill waves and waves of enemies to win. I don't see beyond graphics where this game really sets itself apart from the original Dungeon Defenders yet, with limited content and all, but I would like to see something done about the item system, and have it more organized. Like the first game, items seem extremely random with no real disernable way to make heads or tails of what is technically better than the other... nor do they really explain what all the stats really do for your character. This would been a nice addition for something in the tutorial.. Despite it's short comings, it is still a great tower defense, mixed with some action rpg elements to deliver a solid game. New content will be plentiful I am sure if it follows suit with the first."
76561198023061218,Not Recommended,236110,16051207,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Fluffylolkin,"Its a good product, but dont purchase as its far from a complete package"
76561198121267523,Not Recommended,236110,29577488,Posted: 29 January,all,Felven,ewwwwww
76561198077973054,Not Recommended,236110,29595461,Posted: 30 January,all,Squish Mahogany,Booo
,Not Recommended,236110,30050241,Posted: 19 February,all,xX420xXxSw4gxXxL0rd,In this game you play as mike butkiss in a single player sing along jurnie with all new charecters such as pePE breath and fat head. rate 12/11.456
76561198069771605,Not Recommended,236110,18560496,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Slotherz,♥♥♥♥ my life payed 25 dollars for this and now its free
,Not Recommended,236110,17244773,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Rehollow,Utter crap. Couldnt launch from my laptop after 5 hours of troubleshooting :)
76561198041567490,Not Recommended,236110,17282408,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,snek,gAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS SO BAD IM BORED TO DEATH
76561198100159357,Recommended,236110,13258334,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,StealthElite,"I have played the first one and got most of the DlC of the game, and it was fun. I hope this one is going to be the same way even if it is free. Btw if you dont want to report bugs all the time do not get the game now because it is going to be free i the future, also it might also be free on PS4 on release. Sorry Xbox fans, this is a PS4 exclusive."
76561197999701350,Not Recommended,236110,17014796,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Beauxy,"This is by far the slowest developing game I own in early access. The game is fun, but be prepared to do nothing for months at a time while the devs work on costumes and ui improvements. Someone slap me for buying another early access game....."
,Recommended,236110,14182042,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,педик,gay
,Not Recommended,236110,15609481,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Nostromo The Viking,Piece. Of. Junk.NOPE.jpg
76561198045884541,Recommended,236110,17137610,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,90sVibe,"I haven't played alot but I'm really liking this game so far. The artstyle is gorgeous and the game is very good :)One thing to the developers seen as though this is stil in early access.I realise that eventually this game will come out on XBox1 and PS4. Due to the fact that their versions will have this, could you please implement controller support into the PC version. Many thanks xD"
,Recommended,236110,17697315,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Rekquiem,"This game is actually really good even in, what, Alpha? There's plenty of meat to go around, and even pets! You can have a flying grumpy cat! thats the whole reason i bought the game you know."
,Not Recommended,236110,18557061,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[Wiskie],.
,Recommended,236110,34584770,Posted: 29 August,all,Squ1dgey,"Oh hey, it's me :O"
76561198030233658,Recommended,236110,13255673,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,[OFF]twitch.tv/Hollandkerel,"Just played the game for only one hour, and I can feel the joy again like previous Dungeon defenders higly recommended for players that wanna have lots of fun without spending lots of money!"
76561198120734060,Not Recommended,236110,17271662,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Beastmode74,"dont get this game. the game doesnt even let me load and when it so happen to work, it kicks me out. i cant even do the tutorial and im on a $1000 pc. iv been waiting to get this game for 2 years now yet the game doesnt even work and they just did a big update.... 10/10 would get a refund again."
76561198040334981,Recommended,236110,13257295,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Bigeeedoh,"Very new and refreshing feel to the Dungeon Defenders game, It's still early access but preforms nicely.There are still many things that are needed to be done but I'm sure they will get the job done and produce a great title when its fully released !"
,Not Recommended,236110,22070228,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Createdvoid,Cannot recommend after Trendy's legal decisions.
,Not Recommended,236110,17292231,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,๖ۣۜ𝒮𝒽𝒶𝓎𝓃𝒶~,"Honestly ignore the other reviews... This game is horribleIf you like the original Dungeon Defenders and hated Dungeon defenders Eternity than don't buy this game....They ruined dungeon defenders1.Extreamly confusing for new players and no tutorial2.Unececarily complicated system (4 different bags and a bag for pets, hero deck and hero slots are confusing)3.You're not free to do what you want (Cant make as many heroes as you want, cant skip unless you spend all you're gems)4.Horrible shooting: They added new sounds and new effects for the shooting and in my opinion its horrible... For the charge blast that they replaced the shockwave with from the original... There isnt even an impact animation... its just a blue ball that shoots out of you're staff) Also the sounds are just pretty bulky5,Graphics is now like borderlands graphics and they did not even do it good (Everything is bright and hard to see)6,Taverns.... You cant be in you're on private tavern anymore... Nope now you're forced into a multiplayer tavern for every person online...Pretty much like a loby where every player playing Dun Def 2 is...Some ♥♥♥♥ing privacy maybe?Also the tavern is big as ♥♥♥♥ and disorientating7, To many hitpoints for easy mode... It took 15 hits to kill a normal goblin in easy mode...8.No more firstperson9,Complicated UIOverall its nothing like the original...It's nothing like the original it has no freedom you cant have privacy its not an arcade tower defence game but instead turned into an MMOAlso i did not check but im pretty sure there is pay 2 win included...Im not sure but im suspecting thatAlso only 4 heroes but 70 pets....Because flying cats are more important"
,Not Recommended,236110,30243919,Posted: 28 February,all,Darsoul,dont download this game now. caus of the new update the makers ruined the game and its unplayable. i wish they would read this and realize that i will not be the only one stopping to play this game cos of the new update.
,Recommended,236110,13257917,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,InvisiblePinkUnicorn,If you liked the previous game you would really love this.
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,236110,14468643,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"This to DD is like the US to europe.Sad, could have been great. :("
,Recommended,236110,13256575,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,PotatoGamer100,"The first game was amazing! And I belive that this one can get further than the first one. For now the game is not thaaat good, high quality settings aren't really that high after all, no costum changes on the characters, no cinematics and of cause a lot of other stuff won't work now.This is early-alpha, so therefor I give it a thumbs up, because I belive that it will become a lot better than the first one. I can already see that the animations are a lot better, weapons are more detailed and the characters looks awesome now that they are grown up!Just watchTHISvideo."
,Recommended,236110,17287589,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,==> The Wild Troll <==,sup
76561198038877651,Not Recommended,236110,16509561,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DarkLP,"REally Really bad game, dont buy this game, it suck i hate it dungeon defender 1 is way more better so everyone go back and play dungeon defender 1 because this game suck a lots..."
,Recommended,236110,13254310,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,beach boi,"DD2 wow what a gameI LOVED DD1 I played it on console for about 1-2 years before picking it up on steam and man it on PC is just OUTSTANDINGI will make a note at this THIS GAME IS IN PRE ALPHA WHICH MEANS IT ISNT DONEDont write a negative review to a game thats not finish. All that dones is hinder production and slow the game from being finished. I would recommend this game to anyone that liked DD1 and to anyone how likes Tower defenses games in general, cuz every dollar helps the Trendy Team and by you playing will only make it better!"
76561198068095429,Recommended,236110,13255686,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dreadstone,"Fun yet challenging when solo, would love to play with friends.Many ways to win and higher up it gets very hard when solo, bring a friend or 3 :)"
76561198110578935,Recommended,236110,13257144,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LushCelery!,its a okay game with some features but needs tweaking optimization and trading items!!but is in early alpha so it could change
76561198028290553,Not Recommended,236110,13247578,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Louk,For someone like me who wanna play solo offline while downloading or uploading.You shouldn't buy this game. It's online game.
,Recommended,236110,13256747,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,MaDe,"Good game but early access has much bugs but when fixed, it WILL BE perfect"
,Recommended,236110,13246458,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cocoa,"Immensly fun if you have a friend to play it withif you don't then this game can still be awesome to playTL;DR Lazers, pew pew, staffs, swords, MAGIC.Secretly a Tower Defense game."
,Recommended,236110,13243614,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"Even in pre-alpha Dungeon Defenders II is a blast.  If you were a fan of the first game then get it, you can't go wrong."
76561198073800419,Recommended,236110,13245132,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,JPrid,love it
,Recommended,236110,13246736,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sarsi,"Laggy, buggy ATM, trolls floating around, teleporting in caverns. I still see lots of improvements! Good Job! Atleast fix the laggyness, and optimize the game."
76561198128392640,Recommended,236110,13246253,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,RedMegalon,"This is a good game, but needs lots of  editing. For instance, the words need to have a color fill. Next, fix on the Fullscreen Windowed option."
,Recommended,236110,13246117,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,(ง'̀-'́)ง,Why did I do this to myself?
76561197989401310,Recommended,236110,13251881,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Reality,"If you liked the first one, you'll like this one as well. Love tower defense games? You'll love it. Otherwise dont bother, simple as that."
76561198091075291,Recommended,236110,13242536,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dawhveed,"**This is actually a negative review, but since it isn't showing negative reviews I am posting it here.**There is no option to change your action (e) button for this game. Say your (e) key isn't working, then you can't do **** because it's the most important button in the game & there is NO option to change it. You can change every other key binding but the most important one, the action button. This gets a negative review until this is fixed so I can actually play the game & not sit in tavern unable to talk to anything."
,Recommended,236110,13244828,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hentai363,"I bought this game the second it came in for early access, i just think this is a lot different than the first game. This is game is good.,but it is not for me. Also i recommend to have friends play with you for this game.Also i paided 20 dollars for this game in early access and i did not get my money back because it went f2p. Unbelievable"
,Recommended,236110,13243100,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,asdfgiojs,WOOO FUN GAME!!!
,Recommended,236110,13250437,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,CamRi,great game! i recommend it for all dunfein defenders fans!
,Recommended,236110,15938533,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sovn,"This isn't a tower defense game.This is science class.Start by building Lightning Auras and Water Traps.420/10 beat all maps.But beware the Shrek.Because if he shows up, playtime is ogre."
,Recommended,236110,13242125,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Envious,cool
,Not Recommended,236110,13243998,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dink,"Too buggy atm.EDIT for people wanting me to be more specific:   Cannot collect crystals/gold if they fall into the enemy spawn, huntress traps sometimes wont respond to enemies, enemies can walk into your tower and attack (not behind it, appears as if they are on top of it). This last one probably isn't a bug, but items seem to have priority over towers not allowing you to repair/upgrade it unless the items is taken.  While standing under a platform and attempting to build a tower beside you, the tower will want to spawn onto the above platform."
,Recommended,236110,18867786,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,WrathsFury,fairly good so for an alpha but needs improvments still
76561198093818359,Recommended,236110,18962653,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TheShadowOne,"Game is really good, still only in alpha but and needs more work.The best thing is that the Devs actually listen to the game players."
,Recommended,236110,18967584,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,FunLightDog,good tower defening loots.
,Recommended,236110,17271697,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Commander Catpiss,"Okay I remember Back in the old days when DD1 came out, I ♥♥♥♥ing Loved it and it was my LIFE back then. i was so exited when I saw the new game!, Some of the things I dont realy like about the new one is the Tavern; It always has Lag  Spikes and Its Full of other players, I played about an Hour into it, And I have to say, it is amazing for early alpha,  I cant wait till the full game is released!My thoughts on this:9/10"
76561198154895175,Recommended,236110,18791801,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mr.Squishy,Why is this game free to play? I'm not complaining but I think they could make lots of money off selling this game and see no reason why it should be free.
,Not Recommended,236110,18784500,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,N0SGames,"This game is truely a great game, if it runs for you. However if it doesn't best hope verifying the cache or reinstalling it fixes your issue, else don't expect any help with you issue and just settle with having to wait for an elusive hot-fix to fix your issue, or not."
76561197963074936,Recommended,236110,17300645,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Hypekillah,"Edited* The loading often sticks, big patch today. so i will uppdate review later."
,Recommended,236110,17305577,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Brek (EATING),"I think the thing that really grabbed me into this game, is the artwork. I love that kind of arcadish, kid-like friendly look to it over the realistic, call of duty type looks.This game has some great potiential and I definitely recommend you get this game, It just released and it's really amazing for a just-released game."
,Recommended,236110,17305653,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ganja,"A great improvement to DD1. May seem the same, but once you're in-game you can feel the difference."
,Recommended,236110,17294831,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,HyperKiller209,"the funnest game i have playing since the 1st one witch was on 360.,"
76561198032878707,Recommended,236110,17307502,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Momma Bear,"This game is great fun. If your someone who enjoys playing games like survival or onslaught then this game was made for you. The grinding of the game fits perfectly to its gameplay, numerous amounts of enemies and fun with friends make this game never grow old. Though it maybe in early access the game is frequently updated with small fixes and are given big updates occasionally that really change the game. One thing I honestly don't like and isn't really a bad side is that this is a free-to-play game and will have payed currency that will be used to buy costumes and cut some corners like opening chests that are completely optional. I dont like this one feasture as costumes were one of the funnest features in DD1 and the costumes in DD2 and accestories are even better. I for one would have rather payed once for DD2 and have everything be available to me as a reward for maps or ingame currencies."
,Recommended,236110,17298931,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sigør Bjørnhárðt,"I don't know it It'll reach the status of the original ""Dungeon Defenders"" - but it definitely looks VERY promising!The developers include the community in pretty much every question - YOUR vote counts, too!Making it the game you desire - atleast give it a try!"
,Recommended,236110,17309965,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Traveler,This game is exploding with potiental!
,Recommended,236110,17310378,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DANNY,fun gamefeels much more fluid than the first one
,Recommended,236110,17310555,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Real,"♥♥♥♥ yeah, Defend those Dungeons."
76561198138577068,Recommended,236110,17310842,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mangno,Personally i love this game i played the life out of the first one i enjoy the humor and the general atmasphere it provides for the players and especially with the latest updates you can see how much effort they genuinely put into this game and i love that the game is not done yet because i love it already the suspense of waiting for new content is just too much
,Recommended,236110,17271796,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,GQQN ƨɘmɘM,"Great game, hard to Compete with the Origonal but still one of my top 5 to play!"
76561198018148594,Recommended,236110,17273034,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Grish,Awesome multiplayer tower defence game.
,Recommended,236110,17170800,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,TarlyBoo,GR8 M9. enjoyed Dungeon defenders great game (you should get it) got this i was hoping that it was more like DD1 but it wasn't its still a great game especially for a pre-build of the game.
,Recommended,236110,17193317,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Thanco,"Dungeon Defenders II is a great game, it has a developing story and that aspect of RPG + Tower Defense that is very cool.like the original (Ihave not played Eternity so I would not know) it is challenging and you have to farm for alot of items but that is personally what I like about it. As of this point it has one boss fightBetsy the mother of whyverns, the fight is fairley straight forward but fun all the sameand I think it is worth it to get into early access for $25 although the devs have stated that upon the release it will be free. i highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes tower defense games in general, sanctum 2, and midevil RPGs."
,Recommended,236110,17275713,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,diegraver,"It is good for an Alpha, very playable."
,Recommended,236110,17279987,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Blastmundr,"Still pre-alpha, but it's fresh and fun to play and a nice improvement over the first game.  The newest patch seems to have squashed a lot of bugs and tweaked a lot of gameplay.  It's encouraging that there's such active development and community minded support of the game."
,Recommended,236110,17284413,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,bozrealis,"Smooth gameplay, tight concept. Should be really good when it comes it, provided it doesn't get pillaged with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions. A little slim on content right now and the UI definitely feels unfinished. Grab it on sale."
76561198015605847,Recommended,236110,17287300,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Vin,"Great fun. Still work in progress, but getting there."
,Not Recommended,236110,13358318,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,LittleTiger,"Full wipe! LOL! GOOD JOB DEVS! Another player you lost, GOOD JOB!  I'll never play a game that devs can't even keep their promises!  The reason why I had played over one hundred hours is that they said they would keep all the process we made in the game!  Now this? I'm not gonna put another hungred hour just to get to the SAME lvl (loot and stuff) AGAIN!  They set up a stupid vote that whether players WANT a full wipe or partial wipe!  Clearly they dont have to fully wipe!  Since the majority players are newbies or never put TIME into this game, they don't really care, but I care!  I'm VERY disappointed in this game!"
,Recommended,236110,17289217,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Editionblack,"Really like the direction this game is going, will update this once i hit lategame."
,Recommended,236110,17379384,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Darkmana,"Everything that was great about the first game, but improved. A blast to play with friends."
76561198200392482,Recommended,236110,17381795,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,-A- Zebrahash,"Awsome game so far, still few bugs. So worth getting and I can't wait for the full game."
,Recommended,236110,17384310,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,-[-Bazooka-]-,im Liking this game so far but i want to know why enchanting only for lvl 34 + it's kinda suks i cant upgrade
76561197973843110,Recommended,236110,17334043,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Malice,"Fun enough and does come with some ingame money. If you really want to play later on it's advisable to spend at least around 10€ like in pretty much every F2P game, to get a bit inventory/stash expansion etc. The current situation of the game is such that some cool aspects of DD 1 are not there but it seems possible those will enter the game later on. Definitely not a must buy in it's current state but the game is solid enough to warrant a thumbs up. I can recommend this game even though the state of the game is claimed to be 'pre-alpha', which is naturally complete BS. Early beta, maybe, but pre-alpha would be something that just would not be playable :)"
76561198063234908,Recommended,236110,17338609,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Sheriff of Paddy's,This game has more content in pre-alpha than Destiny has after two expansions.
76561198055829271,Recommended,236110,17339239,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SuMmEr BrEeZeS,"This is a rip roaring good time.  My experience with tower defense games is very limited.  I've only seen a few casual type defender games, and frankly, I don't like them.  But, I am a big develope your character, level it up, grab special items and go conquer something fan, such as Diablo etc.  So far, this game is just fun. Don't think too hard or try to make too much sense out of it.  It does have a Hyrule Warriors feel to it since if you choose you can just play maps with random players all night long.  I mainly enjoy the aspect of working with other players, it looks nice, failure/frustration quotent is low, and it's fast paced.  The future looks bright for this game.  Check it out."
,Recommended,236110,13267343,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Feriol,"Way different and probably better than other Dungeon Defenders games so far.Not much to say, it's a good online-coop tower defense game."
,Recommended,236110,17347906,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,HiveMind,"If you're looking for a good tower defense game then this is it. Fun game elements like looting and character customization prevents the game from being monotone. I read a couple of reviews and some people said that the first game was better, but I wouldn't know since I didn't play DD I. As far as I'm concerned its a great game. Worth every cent. 8/10 gr8 game m8"
,Recommended,236110,17357998,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ariel,"It take a couple hours for the switch from the original Dungeon Defenders, but once you've noticed the differences and can play with them, this game becomes very enjoyable even in its pre-alpha."
,Recommended,236110,17358231,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,KilKidd,play dungeon defenders 1? no? what are you waiting for! get DD2!
76561198072610322,Recommended,236110,17373632,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SharkBait Gaming,"great game love it better than the first one even for it still being in alpha/early acces, but there is one problem the new half wipe/full wipe thing ♥♥♥♥ed my game up really bad, can't even get online anymore. Keeps telling me that there is an authentication error. WTF, I mean I know it's still in alpha, but still. I can't play anymore and when I do get on it lasts for about 20 seconds tops. The worst part about it is, I still see players running around.  Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together guys, but otherwise great game."
76561198204402659,Recommended,236110,18905877,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,VAKA,Great game in solo/co op. 10/10
,Recommended,236110,18910654,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Nova,"Truly fantastic game, lots to do even early access. Strongly recommend."
,Recommended,236110,18896100,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Busted Nutter,"cant seem to decide between a third person action game or a tower defense game. Dungeon Defenders II has got you covered. Great towers, alot of veriation between classes and lots of different difficulty modes and an endless mode. There little bugs, the only one I found was enimes not coming out of the force feild but that is expected it is an early access."
,Recommended,236110,18899662,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The Fastest Teemo,"Fun with friends, only have to pay for cosmetics, gives a good amount of challenge."
,Recommended,236110,18877594,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hyzi0,"At first when I got in early-alfa I was quite disappointed to say the least. Game for me had no depth and the only good thing about this title was its music. Fortunetly, since then quite a lot was changed. The game is getting better and better witch each update and developers ask ppl what to change and really do it. I can highly recommend this game as its free and only things u can buy with premium money are cosmetic changes that does not change your statistics."
76561198071686296,Recommended,236110,18889290,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CoLoSSALT,This gaming is amazing....there is alot of communication and also playing with friends are cool....it is a must play game!(if u want to)
,Recommended,236110,18462845,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Cvr,"This is definetly the best game I've played for a long time.It's also the most polished alpha game I've tried ever!In comparison to Dungeon Defenders, I must say that alot has changed, but not all in a bad way.I love the community and how the developers listen to it, when they create new content.Check it out. It just went free to play, so it won't cost you anything :)"
76561198216110536,Recommended,236110,16852014,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,24/7 Online,Really good game but really should add controller support it's really hard to play with keyboard9/1010/10 with controller supportps when will controller support be added?
,Recommended,236110,18473694,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,creedway,Just click play!
,Recommended,236110,18509736,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Potatoboy,Good game love the new Graphics and the new Kobold flyer just needs more levls done with this game in 10 hours
,Recommended,236110,18529652,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jvaara,This is great game! But few bugs is still. But Why its now free to play? Whaen it came you have to buy it.
,Recommended,236110,18530007,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Shenn Tao,Love this game
,Recommended,236110,18502521,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Satanica.,"A big fan of the game series, stuck with the developers and lost a bit of hope after DD:E. However they definitely picked it up here above and beyond! Carrying over DD1's story and improving the game too makes it a homerun for me."
,Recommended,236110,18488111,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ruaden,If you enjoy tower defense and the original dungeon defenders. This version is a must have.
76561198107084069,Recommended,236110,18493557,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,GOOSEBUSTERS,"Huge inprovemente in graphics, combat, and towers since the first game. The new artstyle is beautiful and they steped away from the realistic texture used in the first game. the combat has changed but not too much to confuese anybody. it's just a light, medium, or heavy weapon type of thing lighter weapons atack fast byt heavy weapons are stronger, and placing towers is such a breaze you can move around while placing wich is a bit more useful. all in all? i give it a 8/10 they need to work on bugs and what not but the game runs smooth and i hope to see this on all systems in the future  (they kinda have beef with Xbox so it might be a while before we see it on there)"
,Not Recommended,236110,18516734,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zzoddy,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s made it free to play after buying it, and rerolled wiping out all of my gameplay hours. What a bunch of pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never buying one of their products again. ♥♥♥♥ this company."
,Recommended,236110,18517510,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Atledbet_11,"I bought this game when it before ""wipeageddon"" and loved it ever since.Pros of the game (So Far)- Tons of content to explore- Nostalgia <- may have misspelled that lol- It is similar to and different enough from DD that the game is really fun.- The pet system is really nice even thoug it takes a while to get a good pet- They added private taverns- The game is not pay to win like other games eherm tom clancys ghost recon- My friends with low end PC's and Laptops can still play the game- Its free now- The daily missions add incentive to return to the game every day- The Wyvern token system allows you to earn most of the basic cosmetics in the gameCons of the game (So Far)- The game is in very early development ( so expect bugs/Game changing updates )- as of now you cannot earn new bags for your inventory without spending 450 ofthe premium currency ( roughly $5 ) unless there actually is a way to earn new bagsand im just not aware of it yet.- There is also no way to earn extra character slots without buying them as far as i knowalthoug I wouldnt doubt that in the future we will either be able to trade premiumcurrency for items like in warframe, or maybe they will run monthly or daily missionsfor the currency or even just the character slots and bags.All in all i give this game 1386 potatoes and recommend that everyone atleast tries the game :>"
,Recommended,236110,18514616,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sambadee,gg
76561198086667333,Recommended,236110,14649929,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Leo,"Having played DD1, DDE and now DD2, i have really enjoyed DD2. Yes there is a lot of content missing, but that is because it's in Pre-Alpha, it's not final yet, things will get added, me and my brother have been duoing/soloing for a while and find it a lot of fun still. If you enjoed DD1 you probably will enjoy DD2 as things get addedEdit 1 #200 hours later / Alpha is outAfter surviving many wipes, i still keep going back, even when i have to start gearing again, i keep having fun playing this game. It's growing little by little, getting new content, improving your gameplay, changing your gameplay, it has grown quite a lot from Pre-Alpha to Alpha, can't wait to see what's coming next. I still recommend this game to any Dungeon Defense veteran / tower defense lovers."
,Recommended,236110,18148046,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,敖順,The game is really fun but doesnt feel as fun as the original at the moment. Should be a great game eventually and i trust its success. Definitely worth playing right now if youre willing to get to higher level content!
76561198072074324,Recommended,236110,18151944,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Slades,"I was going to give a NO to recommend, but I have played over 200 hours of it.  Its worth playing for a while but the end game right now is a bit of a headache and impossible.The Towers you make to defend are a bit plain and simple.  there isnt any real build to make, all builds are about the same.   game patchs are a bit slow and usualy break something.  Some of the best times ive had is when something is broken and OP.   which happens often it seems.Its an Early access game so.. . ."
,Recommended,236110,18534655,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hexit_Nielsje,Good game for alpha. 11/10
76561198120361816,Not Recommended,236110,13679925,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,get OOFED,i paid $30 for this and now its free??? where is my refund
76561197988066678,Recommended,236110,18626616,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Andzman,Sure fun for (at least) a while.
,Recommended,236110,18626760,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Edalelith,15 min into 2003: Match Making Error  game with my buddiesvery fun packed and cool game. should give it a try only to play with so many bugs
76561198060430700,Recommended,236110,18631019,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Crimber/noob/,It's good but damn it's laggy on my toaster
76561198056678844,Recommended,236110,17657026,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Spooky,"When it works its a great game, but now I stay stuck on loading screens whether its to get into the game or back to the tavern after a game so it is uplayable. The fun factor is definitely there and since it started working I have to update the review and recommend it."
,Recommended,236110,17720389,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Worthy,"To be honest, a big step up from the first Dungeon Defenders. This version keeps you a bit more pulled into the gameplay."
76561198006526649,Recommended,236110,17638555,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Val the DM,"Good successor to DD1.  It is still in pre-alpha but they have made some great changes and there are many more in store.  If you like Tower D and LOOT its one to ""must have""!"
,Not Recommended,236110,17641749,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,obve,"i really want to like this game!!!but unfortunately i really don't...there is something very underwhelming about it, it have been in early access for ages and it still in PRE ALPHA..it look like its not gonna change any time soon or ever, they do update it but not addressing the main issues that i have with the game only keeping and adding content for the in game shop or the game itself.it look like the game have more marketing,artists,designers than actual developers that actually work on it!!!the game look amazing and fun but the game play is heavy buggy and really weird in some part it look like the gamehave been designed by 100 different people what make it all over the place and very very messy...there are very questionable design problems withing the game, i loved the first one for its fun RPG\strategy\ tower based game but in this one they pushed back on the tower defense systems for a more action type item based so now its a weird hybrid of an action game and a light strategy game without the edginess of the first one so it fail in both waysthe towers are underwhelming (they do look cool very cool!) and the action is underwhelming, its just not flowing or natural to this environment and require very little skill (no skill shots no way to dodge enemy fire...its just a click fest)the designs of the items are really cool (staffs, sword ) but the projectile animation is very bad, when you fire a shot its...boring, an example: with the wizard you can charge a shot with the right click so you press it build up in a cool way and than you release (fire it) and some wired projectile fire (i cant even tell you the shape or the color of it because its very fast) you don't feel like you fired something that require that cool buildup the only thing that tell you that you actually fired something is the @ above the monsters head....the classes are blend and not unique each can do in a way what the other can...and its boring it make the classes meaningless and unfun again they are not 100% the same but very close to it each class have 5 turrets and 4 abilities and they are not very unique from each other....sorry guys this game is not for me....and i cant really recommend it"
76561198014697900,Recommended,236110,17669047,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,StrikeMuffin,"I didn't play DD1. I usually play RTS, RPG or MOBA games. DD2 is a very fun game; it's still fairly buggy, so be aware of that before you buy.Pros: Good graphics, nice music, fun game-playCons: Fairly buggy, strange hitboxes sometimes"
,Recommended,236110,18129997,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DiGeGoD,Fun game. Campaign takes around 5 hours when not speedrunning.Would recommend
76561197992880764,Recommended,236110,18135086,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ninja_Fart,"Amazing, can't wait for more contents"
76561198116409242,Recommended,236110,18114350,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Gin,"Game is addictive and fun.Bought this game just to support it in its early stages even though it's going to be free to play after it's complete, thats how good it is.The graphics/art style is some what appealing, especially for a very tooney game.Unique gears/pets/ cosmetics + more and it's only in alpha.I'm not going to give it a bad review like everyone else because it ""lacks material, content, or just isn't what they expected"". The game is in alpha and even in this state its quite enjoyable and definitely tremendous potential in the future.Im sure by the timeline they've given to complete the game (stated in 1 year from release of alpha) it will even more amazing.Will continue to support it early access hopefully the keep up the great work."
,Recommended,236110,17083889,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"Trendy Entertainment is a great company and cares about what their players and fans think. I inititally did not recommend DD2, but now I do because I think Trendy deserves the support and that they try really hard to please their player/fan base. The game is OK, seeing how it was pre-alpha when i tried it out the first time. I played to level 25 on one toon to get the free pet that was offered before a wipe. I do not play it alot because i still play DD1 alot among some other games. This company shows alot of potential and they are good hearted people, if you are going to give anybody your money for this type of game it should be Trendy. I also had a extensive conversation below articulating my concerns before I had changed my mind and recommended this game.To add a small addendum to what i think DD2 should have that does not have unless I am mistaken is the option to play solo. People should not be forced to play with others to enjoy this game. It is one of the biggest appeals to DD1 that I enjoy, because I do not always feel like playing with others. Being old and cranky and all. :-)"
76561198080818649,Recommended,236110,18055518,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Art Of Destiny™,Suck my life out of me.
76561198015338985,Recommended,236110,16632627,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Zephanmagi,"LOTS OF FUN still a work in progress "" early access"" but they are constantly makeing new things you can watch devstreams and with the voting system you can even choose what gets added into the game"
,Recommended,236110,16635120,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Loccness <A>,"Very nice game so far, i enjoy the little it has to offer for now and i am really looking forward to the full release (or even a big update on it). Thank you for making sale on it also, love the artworks <3"
,Recommended,236110,16605978,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gavin770,Not as addicting as the original Dungeon Defenders but it is still a fun game.
76561198174429038,Recommended,236110,16757776,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TripleDubs,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game deserves it.First off if you liked the first Dungeon Defenders, buy this gameSecond: This game expands on all the features you loved about the first game, it really is just anamazing experience.Short review; straight to the point; deal with it.Seriously, an amazing game."
76561197972703185,Recommended,236110,16816550,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Moon Goon,"I got more time and enjoyment out of a pre-alpha than the last Call of Duty game, and for half the price.10/10"
,Recommended,236110,16820761,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mikesnow,"So far its good, it's still in pre-alpha according to the text on the screen when you play. They are adding things often, and fix a few bugs here and there. Fun game so far however."
,Recommended,236110,15996129,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,tony,awsome to play if you are bored
76561198233570580,Recommended,236110,18604736,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MosuCredincios,A good game defenders
76561198119443553,Recommended,236110,18605653,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jobi-One,Awesome game! Wide range of build setups with four (for now) heroes and the option of tower or hero damage builds.
,Recommended,236110,18604061,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Eld,"Great mix of Action RPG and Tower Defence, pretty faithful to the original. Still lacks polish, has some balance issues and a needs a few more maps, but is totally playable in its current state.This is probably what DD Eternity should've been from the start,"
,Not Recommended,236110,16559016,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,430,from guy to free to play? waste money
76561198120481432,Recommended,236110,18682105,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hopper,this game is awesome
,Recommended,236110,18475761,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Why is it me?,"Great game, love it. I would recommend to anyone that love fighting games with defending a certain area and getting loot. I played the first game and it was amazing and this game has shown me up and it's one of my favorite games right now even though I haven't played to much. I bought the defender's pack which was well worth it"
,Recommended,236110,17410090,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,buhnnay,this is a tower defence game has alittle bugs but u can fix them at any time
,Recommended,236110,18729813,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Derek Bum,"bought the game for €10 and thought that i got an awesome deal, 2 weeks later, the game turns free...F my lifeoh yeah, the game is also great"
76561198005571427,Recommended,236110,18719701,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gen Greavous,"A good game but isnt quiet up to the standard sof the first game yet, finished everything in a few hours but its still updating and gets better and better if you liked DD1 definetly get this."
76561198020028319,Recommended,236110,17289556,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mommy,buy game noobs
,Recommended,236110,18601085,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Deathly Rose,i honestly like this version of the game over DD1 but i do have 1 major complaint if you are giving players a refund for something do it in 1 mass refund not 500 micro refunds that take 20 minutes to get through other than that keep up the good work
,Recommended,236110,18795038,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AliceKnight,good development game
,Recommended,236110,18815099,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MrPancake,This game is honestly worth every cent i have spent on it.-Easy to play-Good community-Especially easy for friends to play together-Progress of this game and how it is developing is amazing and the new stuff just hooks you more and more as you find out new things11/10 i highly recommend this game.
76561198054693412,Recommended,236110,14052172,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SlowJams,I have waited so long for this game. It's the ♥♥♥♥ing best
76561198073116713,Recommended,236110,14063811,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Huddii,As soon as I started the game I got a massive nostalgia trip!!! Look's and feel's just like the first one!!! A lot of improvement's have been made and it has been all together cleaned up a lot!!! I have only played the first few levels but im looking forward to playing lot's more!!!   10/10
76561198026216742,Recommended,236110,14064897,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Grievous,A must have for all tower defense players out there.
76561198174612722,Recommended,236110,14065977,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Medio,I recommend this game if you were into the first there are some bugs but you have to remember its only in pre alpha
,Recommended,236110,14068989,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Hughcifer,A great game even in early acess. I can't wait to see it when it is done.
,Recommended,236110,13888485,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Manwell,DD2 is the most complete and stable beta game i have ever played... and its still technically in pre-alpha. Do not let the  early access label hinder your decision of buying the game.  Almost every game mechanic and feature from DD1 is already in DD2. The only things that need to be added/changed as of this post are:- New UI- Trading/Shops- Pets- More maps/gamemodes/etcEverything else is pretty much perfect. All the developers need is more time to create new content and balance things out for the game leading up to its release.  Trendy has and continues to listen to their community. Something rarely done by many companies. Dungeon Defenders II is on track to become one of the top co-op games on steam.
76561198028766446,Recommended,236110,13889790,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,dj_ice2323,well i miss dd1 on ps3 i dont why they shut down the sever people still playing on it for dd2 awesome game i love every min and hour of it can't stop playing dd2 it like taken my life way in good way lol i hope there put dd1 sever back online on the ps3 please do !!
,Recommended,236110,14014578,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Clandestinus,It is a very good game. It combines RPG and Tower Defense. I rate it 9/10.
,Recommended,236110,13966244,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,iPlayWithNoSoundOn,"Really Fun, Highly Recommend getting it.Although it is pre-alpha, No game breaking bugs so far.Graphics are wonderful.And I do not see how this will not be better in the long run!"
76561198031617568,Recommended,236110,13942727,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hecticjackel,Love the game big fan only have one problem with it i dont care to much for the lobby system everytime i want to change the level range i have to drop group back out change range go back in and readd everyone. Devs if you see this can you plz let me know if there is another way around this i dont know or try to fix it its super annoying since you level so fast in game.
76561197993295474,Recommended,236110,13952883,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Docderockturtle,"this game is very fun its only in the Pre-Alpha but the design is great, characters will get cool skins. lots of fun family friendly violence. and of course the comedy of having 50 cannons pointed at one poor poor goblin. or so you think."
76561198107322630,Recommended,236110,18981460,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Azzo,One of my favorite games on Steam! At the current state of the game you're bound to get plenty of thrill and awesomeness and dev's are always on their toes updating this beast of a game. Definately getting more than your money's worth on this fantastic title!
,Not Recommended,236110,17383330,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nico..// gocase.pro CSGO.gem,"Free 2 Play.....ARE U JOKING DEVELOPER!-Infinity/10 Screw you developer,this show that the company and the game we love can rip the **** out of us in a matter of sec.WHAT? CAN'T ACCEPT THE TRUTH? DEAL WITH IT!"
,Not Recommended,236110,15705001,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dogs,"There is alot to say about this game good and bad things.Let me give you a short explanation about what you can expect if you buy this game in this state right nowDungeon Defenders 2 right now is a unfinished game by all means but playable and fun to play you will just need to accept that evrything is not eprfect yet and alot of stuff needs to be added for example the fact that there is only 1 real gamemode and the max cap of levels is only 25 , You can like the new systems or you can not  But, all the systems have been added in there for a reason as they make the game more balanced like the downleveling system if you enter a map for low levels as a high level this just avoids that the map gets farmed within minutes. Overall i had alot of fun in Dungeon Defenders 2 just the buggs that ruine it so i will put a list down here to give you some ideas what is good and what is bad!Positive:-Hard working developers-Weekly twitch stream to keep you uptodate-By paying early right now you will have a lot of choice in how it develops as the developers actually listen really well to the community and actually care the most that i have ever seen.-Fun and Challenging gameplay from the beginning to end-Gonna be free to play , no need to pay for the game-Statysfing-You want to grind for amazing gear , i have never got this experience with any other game-Great community at this moment-Lovely art style-Great UI whilest playing-Diffrent from dungeon defenders 1 in a good way for me but for some people in a bad wayNegative: ( BE AWARE EARLY ACCES REVIEW THIS WILL ALL PROBABLY BE FIXED)-A.I. Is a bit dumb at certain times as they get stuck in spawn-U.I. after defeating the map is a bit odd ( is getting fixed )-Hard to get into the first time you play , you need to get used to it.-Not enough gamemodes right now (is getting changed next patch)-Not enough classes right now (They said more were incoming)-Diffrent from dungeon defenders 1 in a good way for me but for some people in a bad way-Only something like 13 maps-Only 1 bossRight now i would say , wait a bit after that for sure buy this great game!But at this certain moment , i would suggest not to buy it and only buy it if you wish to really influence the game or support the devs what is very appriciated by them ofcourse that is the main reason why i bought the gameBut if you are just buying it for gameplay value i suggest you just wait a few months and than buy this awesome game!"
,Recommended,236110,15941719,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Gibbon,Great game to play with friends.Less great without friends.I like it more than the original - good sequel.
,Recommended,236110,16110962,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Fibonacci,"Such a fun game! If you liked the first Dungeon Defenders or games like Orcs Must Die... then you will like this game!!Dungeon Defenders 2 is an amazing mix of Tower Defense and RPG. Each class has 4 different towers (including traps, auras and more) and 3 different fighting abilites you unlock while leveling. You can play alone, with up to 3 friends or join a random group. Level up a character, get new gear from drops and upgrade a piece of gear with gear you do not want, unlock slots for orbs and buff towers, abilities and more. You can switch characters between waves and put out a bigger variety of traps. Even do elemental combos, for example a tower/ability that does electric damage to an enemy who has been hit water trap/ability take extra damage from being electricuted and will stop in it's place for a few seconds."
76561198154778803,Recommended,236110,16205391,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ImABronie,This game is really awsome and i think the first 1 was to so i think everybody should play.
76561198122528606,Recommended,236110,14101175,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Whyte One,I was really looking forward to this game.  I was not disappointed in my opinion.  I do wish that the gamepad support was built in already.  I just uise Xpadder and all is golden.
76561198224867296,Recommended,236110,16868135,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cirkus,"A great game, definately! Me and two pals was looking for something to do together and just for the sake of it bought this game on the sale. You can play with friends or randoms and is all about teamwork!"
,Recommended,236110,16870958,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Sadoom,"Very fun game to play, there alot to learn but so far so good."
76561198095147317,Recommended,236110,16874040,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,:3,great game to play with friends especially when you have no clue what you are doing 10/10 game have had a great time with this game so  worth getting it in early access
76561198147779169,Not Recommended,236110,16843180,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,StaticParasitE,how am i supposed to play without a play button??????please help.
,Recommended,236110,16851604,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,KyraelFenris,"The first was already amazing. But the second is an infinite hell oof awesomeness! A perfect mix of Tower Defense and RPG. Even if it's still in early developpement stage, it will be more than enough to entertain your noob crew for hours."
,Recommended,236110,16343658,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GlennCoco,games is a big improvement from the first game added some new elements and customiziation just wish they had controller  function
,Recommended,236110,16320646,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Fool,Return of the tower defense addiction 2: Electric boogaloo
,Not Recommended,236110,16587023,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Road,nope nope nope
76561198088817769,Recommended,236110,14041267,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kdiskaos,Great game very fun to play with friends
76561198071071056,Recommended,236110,14045901,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sage047,"Way more improved than the first. The addition of skills and better combat with the heroes is really enjoyable compared to the original. Looking forward to the full game and more heroes. Hopefully the MOBA content will still be considered for the PvP side. Great game, though!"
,Recommended,236110,14078371,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cake,"Now, my real and honest opinion on the ""game"", after passing that literal game breaking bug(I could not play at all), this game is not bad, for supposed ""early-alpha"", it feels like a good base for the dev team to go off of.Early access really explains itself in the title all its own, this ""game"", is really not much of a game; not that it is not playable, it just, is not there yet, and I am not mad about this or sad, that is just the way early access works. You are paying for what the development team is working on, you are paying for a sneak peak and basically a walk through on the development process of a game.This game has had flak, I even gave it flak before, but I don't know how realistic I was being. They released this game into early access a little to early in my opinion, the word ""early"" is used very strongly here ladies and gentlemen, I am talking, you get 6-7 decent maps and around 50 or so different items, don't expect too much from this game, Yet.Now I have this conversation with my friends all the time, and they are all avid gamers theirselves. ""Is early access viable?"", yes, and no. This game, and this dev team have a little bit further to go before this project they started really turns into something that is great, like its predecessor DD1. I wish this game was just done tomorrow, it really feels like it has very high potential, you can already tell by all the easter eggs that this game is built for greatness, like the child of a star athlete and a super model, that being DD1 and the super model that was the community for DD1.I hope to see this game really figure it self out, and not just be a re-textured version of DD1, but add on to DD1, change some things that may have not worked as well; create a better server hosting gui, this was my biggest Con of DD1, hosting something was a simple two buttons really, join and create, nothing more.Here are my list of thoughts on this current ""game""Pros:- Good base for a big and fantastic game- So far, I feel as though it is better than DD1 was in early-alpha- Potential, potential & well, potentialCons:- Updates seem a little slow so far- The game development company feels like they are leaving this game as a side project- Feels sketchy buying it this early, this is a game company that is not that indie, but anything can really happen this early developmentTo expand on my con that is: ""The game development company feels like they are leaving this game as a side project""It feels as though they released it and kind of, just, slapped together like 10-15 monsters and 2 textures per tower, 4 classes and put a 28$ price tag on it, handed what was there to the community and went for a coffee break. This, is the one gamble with early access kids, you really don't know what is going to happen, but, I guess I can only hope for the best.Rating: 3/5 StarsFor the time being, give it a little bit before purchasing, unless you really are a big fan of DD1 and you want to follow development, but know that you have been warned of bugs and not large bundle of content you would get from a full release game.Note: I will update this accordingly as the game is updated."
,Recommended,236110,15703815,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,DaveTheBasha,After 40 hours my characters got deleted...(Update: It got fixed).
76561198129108264,Recommended,236110,15771163,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AresDemigod,i like it but please add controller support
,Recommended,236110,15716304,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Liffyb,"Bought the game 2 days ago, and as you can see; I've already got 18 hrs played.It has a lot of potential.Suggestions:1) Increase the xp between 20-21, 21-22, 22-23, but then decrease the xp between 23-24, 24-25.2) Add more heroes!!!!!!!!!3) Make Legendaries actually Legendary! It sucks to replace a legendary weapon with a blue or even green.4) Add more tower diversity. (The ability to swap out the buff towers for monk with curse towers, or the ability to replace the one of the squire's walls with a more aggressive tower.)To be continued..."
,Recommended,236110,15715137,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Zeptha,"Highly recommend playing this game it looks a lot smoother than the old one it plays a lot better it's easy to get the gist of the game if you are new to this type of tower defense, The game can be played both ways hardcore and as casusl as you want to be.Pros - Runs smother, Easyer to pick up, Classes are easyer to use and learn, a all around great game, The game is very easily soloable, will be free to play later, you can get all the payment stuff ingame for free but will take time.Cons - Not as much Classes as the older game, The game new Specs are a bit werid, Can only use 3 classes at any given time, there isnt many maps, there is not community workshop (yet i hope it get's one)."
,Recommended,236110,15719582,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The Salt King,"This is a lovely game and I enjoyed the first one and I'm so far loving the second. This second has soooooo much potential, so please, please, please, please don't ♥♥♥♥ this up. I know one the guy on the left in the influence update video above said ""On our steps to free to play"" PLEASE DON'T. Don't make this a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ free to play. You can have the in-game currency, but please don't make this needed to be good. Leave the in-game currency points only for buying like special cosmetics. Also make the chests openable with gold not the in-game currency. I usually just sell my chests and never open them becuase simply I don't have any more in-game points left. The in-game points should buy like comsemitics with cool effects not really good weapons. Also don't go free to play, just don't. It'll ♥♥♥♥ everything up.One more thing, I read that if you buy the game early, which I did, your supposed to get a total of $36 of in-game currency. I'm not sure I got all of mine as I only started with 3,000. Are you gonna add the rest later or is that what ou feel like is worth $36?Dungeon Defenders II Early Access comes with:$30 in-game currency4 Exclusive Hero Accessories7 Premium Inventory Bags [Limited Time Offer, Expires 5/5]$6 in-game currency & Exclusive “Veteran Defender” Title for owners of Dungeon Defenders or Dungeon Defenders Eternity [Limited Time Offer]"
,Recommended,236110,15514306,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Tinkie__,This game is great nice art style and many improvements from the first if you like the first Dungeon Defenders this is perfect for you.
,Not Recommended,236110,15699128,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xXBulletJusticeXx,"Lots of people griping about prices of in-game items and such. Please, keep in mind that this is PRE-Alpha! If you are not willing to pay some cash to test out the PRE-Alpha version and give feedback, then leave now, wait for end of year 2015, and play when its F2P Free-to-Play (not P2W Pay-to-Win)That said and out of the way, let us delve into a few key points.~~~~~~~~~~~~First, the Pros~~~~~~~~~~~~-~- The Artwork is nice, and overal cosmetics are way better than DD1/E-~- Lots of enemy variety, love the kobold bombers-~- Build phase has no countdown in single player campaign mode, which is perfect for devising new strategies-~- Clear, precise enemy flow mapping and counts, along with very nice overlay of defenses (shows range and arc/sweep              distance of turrets) via the LEFT SHIFT key. I hope this feature stays.-~- Extra effects added to magical items of Green quality and higher, make sure you read those tooltips! you never know what you are going to get :D (gain HP on each hit of the melee weapon for Squire is OP as hell!)Thats about it for the pros, being that this is a PRE-Alpha, its not too bad. many features are missing/unfinished or being polished.~~~~~~~~~~~~And now the Cons~~~~~~~~~~~~-~- The user interface, is large, clunky, and utterly pointless... to elaborate: Everytime you open a window (via talking to a character or going to an iteractable object like the forge) your entire screen is assulted with a gigantic window that disregards the UI scale setting. (also, annoyingly, the mouse location is not saved so you always have to drag it from the top left of the screen to click something)-~- Sorting your gear is horrendously tedeous and time consuming. You have a set number of bags. Each bag has a set number of slots. To have more than two bags open at a time is useless as you cant scroll up or down very fast via mousewheel. You need to scroll because the window that the bags are viewed within is TINY in comparison to the size of the items/bag display. You also can not scroll while dragging something. You can not see the title of the bag, without hovering the mouse over it, or if you open the bag, and setting such title is not explained, however you can open the bag, then double click the name to initiate a name change. likewise you can change the 'icon' of the bag, yet there are only 9 choices to choose from..... so if you have more than 9 bags you cant organize via icons either.If this can not be improved upon, I would have a headache dealing with my inventory after EVERY round. Even selling items is a tedious process. There are no shortcut keys to quick-sell, nor can you buy-back in case you have an accident.As far as I can tell, this inventory system is designed for one thing, and that is to occupy your time during downtime from not finding a good match. which brings up the next two cons.-~- There are currently only4 classes, so back to the basics. Oh, and you can only have 3 of the 4 available on your account for play, in a round, at one time. I'm assuming that this will change when they go F2P, however if not, this will be a HUGE dissapointment. Going from DD1/E of 10+ classes, and being able to swap in/out complex variations of defenses and hero builds available to being restricted to 3, just 3!, to play with. Only having 3 playable characters brings up another horrendous problem. You have to search endlessly for the perfect playing partner.-~- Only certain classes are compatable on certain maps. To maximize your DPS/defense points, you have to have a perfect ensamble of characters. Being limited to 3 character slots, makes this extrememly difficult! You will find yourself waiting in lobby looking for a good running partner for hours. Or you can just use the automated matching service, but you still are not guaranteed a team of diversity.This again, is a HUGE dissapointment.-~- Pets! Disgraceful pets! Ok, ok, ok. The pets are cute. and somewhat helpful. but why do we have to wait 8 Hours, Eight!, to hatch 1 pet, when it is not even guaranteed that it is an upgrade... I have over 15 eggs needing to be hatched, but 4 hours left on my current egg. Eggs ""spoil"" in 48 Hours. I would need 120 hours to hatch all 15 of those eggs. POINTLESS to even have them! I can't even sell them. They have a Value of '0'. If this is an idea of a joke, its a bad one.-~- Upgrades... The upgrade system that is in place right now is abismal. Yes, down right disgusting. You have to find like items, to upgrade your item. and the interface, sorry to back track, is crap. Tedious, clumsy, ugly, and down right dumb. The upgrade system in DD1/E made sense, and was actually FUN. This new upgrading system, just feels like a full time job. Get rid of it.~~~~~~~~~END~~~~~~~~~~~~So, most of the pros, while not amazing or ground-breaking, are vastly out-weighed by the cons at this point of the development. If things don't improve, at least with the interface being trashy and clunky, I will not be putting another dime into the game. Lots of polish and design changes need to be dealth with.If you are looking for a game that played and felt like DD1/E, then turn back to DD1/E. This is not it at the moment. The visuals and the characters are alike, but the overal underlying gameplay and mechanics are blown way out of sync. It just feels like another F2P game... Oh, trendy, what ever happened."
,Recommended,236110,15701694,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Adriian911,"it might be just in pre alpha, but its a great game i really have fun playing it"
,Recommended,236110,15702307,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xGiuseppev92x,"Great game. I played a lot of DD1 and DD2 is definitely holding my attention so far.I'm loving the extra content they added, spheres, hatchery, and the extra levelable costumes were a cool idea!Definitely reccommend this one!"
,Recommended,236110,15795748,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,"Mudkip, Esq.","I think that this is a great game, even though it's in development, it has some aspects of DD, and some new ones. This is a great way to keep the franchise new and creative."
76561197970541793,Recommended,236110,15774994,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,LoveAlotBear,"It's ok, if you liked the first one you'll like this one.It gets kinda boring after a while, as there isn't much complexity to the game. Relaxing, but not engaging."
,Recommended,236110,14718169,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Ghost0fJupiter,"This game is amazing. loved the first one and love the second one even more. DD2 pretty much takes the characters and mechanics from the first one and makes them twice as good. even in alpha its a great game with bugs being patched pretty much as they show up. the transition from DD1 to DD2 is like from Black ops to Black ops 2, and we all know how much better Black ops 2 was."
76561198054896447,Recommended,236110,18922467,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,GoodGuy,does anyone know why i get 1 fps i have a geforce4 Ti 4200 its pretty good if you ask me but need helpget more fps.
,Recommended,236110,16070096,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Fallen,"This game is just the best. I havent played it in a long time, and when I got back it was so much better than ever before. I cant stop playing it. If you buy, you will love this game."
,Recommended,236110,18825581,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jiiby,This game has a few bugs here and there but for the most part the game is very enjoyable. It has tons of replayability so you are never bored of dungeon defenders 2 :D.
,Recommended,236110,14487995,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Deliran,"if you liked the previous game you will surely enjoy this one, the graphics have improved along with more indepth fighting mechanics. the game introduces several new mechanics with the way the tavern now works as well. over all i would definently recommend this game to everyone new and old players alike"
,Recommended,236110,14501074,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,StellarJade,"I know I haven't put that much time into this game yet but it feels and acts just like Dungeon Defenders, just better. This game has so much potiental to surpass it's predecessor. I'm really looking foward to how this game will develop and what new things we can expect."
76561198122337676,Recommended,236110,14511121,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zhakai,"This game is awesome.  I wish there was still local multiplayer......but oh well.  I dislike having to leave the tavern though to getnew levels.....LAME.  All in all I love the graphics, the gameplay, and the new skills/towers.  I always play huntress and I have to say, they did her justice in this game as far as skills.  I love the new enemies, but I do not like how the ranged ones can be out of range of your character and your towers and just take shots at your stuff....LAME."
,Recommended,236110,14513130,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Master Ninja J1,"Really good game but i didnt realise it will be free so i brought the game now, really annoyed about that"
76561198107213568,Recommended,236110,14551647,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,TacoNinja,"Such a good game. Easy to progress, and the game is a bit too easy in this ""pre-alpha"" (wtf is that?) but will be awesome once everything is balanced and more difficult. More finished than many other games."
,Recommended,236110,14557345,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Initial D,"Great Game! Would Recomend To People, Worth The Content And Early Access!"
,Recommended,236110,14571206,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ᵒᴥᵒ,Amazingly addictive and fun!
76561198076035468,Not Recommended,236110,14074973,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Oixo,As an avade player of DD1 I was overwhelmed with joy to find out that a second game was coming.Lets just say this game is nothing like DD1.It for one has better graphics but that is to be thought of when making a sequal with better equipment and skills. This is about the only thing I find nice about this game.There is currently no skill point system so you can go play Monk and put every skill point you get into Tower Damage and hope it helps you get through the levels. Now you  have to do it all bases off items this isn't anything new but at the begining it can make a difference.During some levels I noticed some mobs that threw spears and overall thought that the towers could handle them but no. They were able to stand out of the range of my towers and throw spears at them. Leaving you to either play small maps or play with others.Controls are different not sure are for the better though (lets just say I prefered the wheel) and some other things in the tavern and in the action were changed for a better experience but might not suit what you prefer.I would love to enjoy this game more but it is hard when it doesnt compare to the fun I had and still have in DD1.Note this game is in early access and the development team works on this game and are very active in looking into problems and improving the game. So I just have to hope for great things and my opinion may change in the future.
76561198167046300,Recommended,236110,14120906,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Vukis,Love this game feels like the old dungeon defenders but much more different at the same time play this with friends or you wll not have fun at all
,Recommended,236110,13915230,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Remix Dave,"I strongly recommend this game, if you have played DD1 you will love this one. The games is extremely fun with friends and is fun to play."
,Recommended,236110,13905560,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Abbagov Marbilz,"Was a big fan of Dungeon Defenders, and I have been awaiting DD2 with much anticipation.I definitely felt that there was more emphasis on player defense as opposed to the more tower focused DD1. Not that towers aren't important, but (so far) I haven't felt confident enough in a defense to let it handle it's lane while I focus on another, I feel the need to keep tabs on all lanes to make sure nothing gets through. That may be because it's early on, I'm not sure yet. Personally, I like taking part in the defense, some survival games in DD1 got dull after you upgraded, because the defenses largely took care of everything.One thing you'll notice straight off is that there are few towers for each hero, and more abilities than before. Most of the abilities feel strong and useful, though so far I find the Squire's to be the least helpful. Huntress has some very strong damage abilities, and the Apprentice has a great control in Tornado. You'll notice some towers are missing now, since there are fewer tower slots, but staples like the Ballista, Fire Tower, and Lightning Aura are still there.Another change is the mana system. You have two bars, blue and green, for abilites and towers, respectively. Corresponding mana crystals drop from mobs, and chests give green. Honestly, I don't see much reason for abilities to have anything except cooldowns. I've only rarely used abilities so often that I ran out of mana, and then it only took a few seconds to run over to pick some up. Plus, some armor regenerates the mana, so at higher levels it probably wont be much of an issue. I'd rather have the old mana system in place, but I'll touch on that below.As for negative things, it's hard to say since the game is in pre-alpha, but two things have really been annoying me so far.First, all melee attacks move the heroes forward a significant amount. This means you can't backpedal and attack, but instead always charge into a group. It's really just personal preference, but I hate it when a game moves for me, or adjusts aim (which also occurs for ranged attacks, but that might be able to be turned off).Second, it's not as satisfying to kill mobs anymore. In DD1, mobs died in an explosion of colorful mana crystals, each one worth a different amount. Now, some mobs drop crystals, and there are only two colors, blue and green. They don't roll around anymore, and blend into the scenery since they lack the bright colors of DD1. Again this is more personal than an issue, but it takes a lot of the fun of seeing piles of mana everywhere, and rushing to collect it before it disappeared, or fell off the edge of the map.I still recommend the game, for a pre-alpha it looks and plays great, but it's obviously missing a lot of content since it's so early. The final game will also be F2P, so if you'd rather not pay for the early access, then just wait awhile."
76561198181121859,Recommended,236110,17394142,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,cat god,"faithful to the original; monk is useless, huntress is weird, squire is viable, apprentice is best"
,Recommended,236110,17399642,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Master Sic,"This game is quite different (in my opinion) than the first one, but it is rather good. Looking forward to it coming out on PS4."
76561198069148880,Recommended,236110,17407829,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Levey,This is a really fun game.
,Recommended,236110,16373702,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Osiris,"Considering this is Pre-Alpha, it runs better than a lot of games do at release!- Equipment Upgrades are simple to understand and quite dynamic with options for point allocation.- Pet Stats are RNG based, meaning to get the type of pet and stat combos for your perfect practical AND aesthetic choice, the eggs are never a waste in your inventory.- With personal choices for how you want to use your class, there are endless combos for team set ups, No 2 players are clones of each other.Maps are great, providing plenty of challenge, and currently have 2 out of 3 difficulty modes available.- No Pay to Win element - Gems are used for extra inventory space and cosmetic outfits. Even without buying more inventory bags, extra loot will go to Temp Inventory, giving you 3 hours to claim it, use it or sell it before it is auto sold, so never any loss.Worth paying full price for, if Alpha, Beta and main release keep up the level of work that has gone into this, I'll be playing for a long time!"
76561198044593634,Recommended,236110,16373993,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Big Bylan,Very fun game!
76561198003333977,Recommended,236110,16088162,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DucKeyz.,you gotta try it out FUN game
76561198188621771,Recommended,236110,16180012,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,VipQ8y,the best game ever
76561198180961193,Recommended,236110,16367033,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WildRage,prity nice game :)
,Recommended,236110,15971036,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Xbd,"I think this is a great game but I really want to play with my friend. The reason I cannot play with him is because he is on a mac. It would be a whole lot better if people with macs could play to and it would make then a whole lot more money. I recommend this for PC players, but it still kind of sucks that mac players cannot play I don't know if there is a date where this game will be coming out for mac but if there is can someone please comment under this or message me on steam that would be great anyways great graphic love the game <3."
,Recommended,236110,15972185,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dynosu,"Have now played this for a short while, but it is alot of fun. Especially with others. I foresee many more hours in this game."
