user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197982615567,Not Recommended,236130,9036595,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mr.Perish,"From the screenshots and video, I was excited to see another entry into the 4x genre, however, after playing for 20+ hours I have come to the conclusion that this game is not really ready for ""non-beta"" release.  There are just so many things that are not ready, not implemented, not documented or explained, that it is simply not an enjoyable experience.This review was written with the current ""release"" version of the game as of February 9th, 2014.So, the list :--Build Queue--Non existant. You mean you want to build 3 of mother ship 1, 2 of mother ship 2, and 4 of mother ship 4? Not gonna happen unless you manually go back to each planet where ships are building and do that manually.Not only is there NO build queue, you are locked into 4 ships of each ""class"". 4 scouts, 4 transports (including colonizer), 4 cruisers and 4 motherships. What does that mean? That means you can only have 4 ship designs of each type and if you want to make a new one you have to over-write another one.Those two aspects of basic functionality being missing or kludgy really reminds of games from 1980.--Combat--This is probably the most tedious space combat of any of this genre I have played in a long while. I started playing games on the commodore VIC20/Commodore 64, and I've played quite a few of these over the years. It is just very convoluted and tedious.Want to turn your ship so your weapons face a target? Good luck! Click on the screen and it may rotate 1/8th of a rotation...PER TURN.... Which may or may not be the direction you wanted.Targetting in combat is flaky. If an enemy ship occupies the same square as one of yours or very close to it? You can't target that enemy, at all, by anything. Zooming in or out does not help and all you can do is move that ship which now means you have pointed one or more of your weapons away from combat.--Quests---Its hard to call these things quests. You get a random message, about something that happened that you may or may not be anywhere near ( it tells you your ""fleet"" flew by XYZ even though you had no ships anywhere near there, ever.), then when you try to step through it, the next ""step"" may or may not exist, work, or even be understandable.""No Mr.Pirate, i want the REAL hammer!, Fine, come get it! meet me at XYZ"".  Go to XYZ, nothing. Survey entire system. nothing. Survey each planet. Nothing. Station fleet at XYZ for 3 real time hours, nothing.--Technologies--Terraforming - This is probably the most confusing tech in the game. The ""manual"" has exactly one occurrence of the word terraform in it, and it is a sentence that basically says ""Yup, it exists"". What does it do? nothing. Researched to level 10 and those limited habitat planets arent improved. Sure you can now colonize ""toxic"" planets, but it is not at all clear if terraforming made that possible, or other techs.There is no information, the description in game says nothing useful, there is no method to initiate it no discernable effect from it, and the manual is utterly silent with respect to it.Weapons and other systems are normalized to the point of simply being clones of each other with a different name. Yes, there are minor ""effect"" differences, but again, like most systems/things in the game, you have no idea if it is really happening, working, or even implemented.--Ship design--Aside from only having a maximum of 4 ship designs for each type before you have to over-write a previous one, there is no method to modify one design to the next as in a refit. In fact, the only ""refit"" in the game that exsists is that you have to fly a colonizer ship to a planet with a starbase before it can colonize again. lets say you have a cruiser with laser cannons on it and you want to instead have that existing ship re-fit with a newer design that uses plasma cannons. Nope, Can't do it.This is a base feature of almost every game in this genre.There is absolutely no customization. Ships have 8 ""hardpoints"" for weapons, 2 on each side, 2 front, and 2 at rear. There are no ship layouts as in its appearance, no anything except, put weapon here or not, make it light, regular or heavy.--Strange stuff, bugs, etc--After playing for 10 hours, the Varaians (the ancient energy race and progenitors of EVERYTHING) are the strongest, largest, and most powerful empire in the galaxy and all of a sudden, without being attacked by ANYONE, they are simply ""defeated"". Poof. They evaporate. No one was attacking them (I am in all of their systems with an alliance with them). They just simply decide to stop existing.They had so much military power that the very few times anyone aside from me (with an alliance with them) wandered in, just a couple of their ships utterly wiped out whatever flew by and then bam. Gone.This was the third occurrence of this happening to a race, they just decide they don't want to be in the game any longer and poof.There are more issues, oddities, and things (most notable documentation) missing, but this is long enough already with enough specific examples.This game is simply not ready for prime time yet.  I applaud a new indie developer for trying to break into the market, truly, i realize its a tough thing to do, but even with that said, it can't change the reality of what this game is and is not.I didnt go into it expecting a multi-million dollar budget production, but I certainly did go into it expecting something with far more playability."
76561198036822050,Not Recommended,236130,10867324,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,special82156,"I am a big fan of space empire games and was hoping for this to finally break the spell of bad luck I have been having trying to find a game I can really enjoy to play (I think I am about 7-8 games and £100 down now with no real winner) Sadly this was not the case as I have not enjoyed this game, so much so that this is the first review I have been compelled to write.As a point of reference my favourite space empire games so far are Star Wars Supremacy and Imperium Galactica 2.I find the gameplay here impossibly difficult, there is only one basic strategy of expansion as quickly as possible which proves impossibe against AI oponents who seem to have an endless stream of better equipt and easily replaceable ships and space stations to which there is no defence. Combat usually comes down to numbers/technology and on a game that is not massively graphically interesting this means battles are dull and also very long as they are also turn based. Even when I manage to win a battle I find the opponants have so many more ships that any progress is nerfed pretty quickly.The tech tree is fine as you can discover new technologies (although this happenes randomly thorugh a breakthrough system), but it is difficult to see any positive results of better technology and it takes an age to research or build anything. The technologies mostly just improve something you already had rather than giving you a new item/building.The turn button will become your best friend in this game. Building a medium ship, say a cruiser, even at a reasonable point in the game with a few planets will take at least 20-30 turns and each turn equaltes to a year. This is a long time for anything to be build and means that unless you have at least 5-10 decent planets building a fleet takes so long to build if an enemy declares war on you suddenly you don't stand a chance.Graphic are suitable to the task but there is a lack of any real customisation on your ships other than put laser here and cannon here, you also can't really chose what core systems (engines etc) you use as the games just choses whichever you have reasearched furthest (this makes it impossible to create armadas of large, cheap ships). Planets also don't have any 3D models but just a picture of the building which is very behind the times and I expect a game in 2014 to be visually much better than games I played 10 years ago, this is not.Fleets are limited to 10 ships (for some unknown reason) but you can send more than one fleet into a combat zone. I don't see the point of the artificial limit on fleet sizes then as again this just means a lot of clicking to move all your fleets into one area.There is also not a lot to build on your planets, most planets are limited to 9 building overall, when you consider there are 5 different types this does not leave much scope for development.Like most games diplomacy seems to rely on the AI demanding things on a whim for no real reason and refusing any request no matter how reasonable or bennificial to them it may be. Also there is no espionage/spying aspect to the game.I want to like this game and can forgive some its less developed aspects if I had been rewarded with good, or even adaquate, gameplay. It is good good have a simple game, and in its defence this is a simpl,e game to understand and play, which is easy to get into unlike some 4x4 games which are very complicated.On a more positive note this game uses a credit system and most items/ships costs billions of credits. Its nice to see a more realistic game where a planet's output is not 120 credits and its costs 400 credits to build a unit, I do like a more realistic financial scale! Although saying that and back to the negative there is no way to really change you financial settings to improve morale/make more money other than a simple click button for each planet, not a great fine tuning financial system.Sadly though the lack of any real strategy/tactics along with the ridiculous pace at which the AI progresses in its technology and ship building means that I would steer clear of this game presently, if it was reduced to £5 it may be worth a purchase but at £11 I still feel cheated."
76561198043480965,Recommended,236130,8978306,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,faijeya,"Horizon is a nice mid-core 4X space game.Is it worth the price? For me, definitely.For you, quite possibly.Why?In short, because under the simple interface there's a quite deep and engaging gameplay.Not MOO2-level deep, but, please, it's almost twenty years old, let's try to move on! (Who am I kidding?..)So, the basics here are done right. I'd even say the basics are healthy.Because after you play all races and find all the quests, research and dig everything, in other words, after you experience all the content there is, something still draws you to the game, compels to try to exploit its mechanics in some new way.It is fun playing with game after you played the game and that actually means something.I assume you read other reviews, watched videos, etc, so you understand what the game has to offer.Now, here's a list of things that can be a no-buy for you.Please, keep in mind, it's all for beta version that is unfinished by definition.- tactical combat is MOO2 style while battlefields are much larger (actually, the whole galaxy can be seamlessly traversed in combat mode). Old controls do not cope well with the new scale.- research is lackluster with little sense of achievement- no multiplayer at this point, no hotseat as wellIf that doesn't turn you off, well, you're in for hours of ""just one more turn"".We all know that one more turn is never enough."
76561198061394124,Not Recommended,236130,9002846,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,bmichalides25,"This is a seriously weak 4x game, along the same lines as galactic civ, and definitely a far cry from MOO 2. The interface is seriously clunky, not even having basics like side scrolling. The tech tree is pretty weak, its largely just the same set of technologies that you just add refinement to, so you never get anything interesting, just level 2 lasers, level 3 lasers, etc. The graphics are also pretty mediocre, though most people aren't playing 4X games because they are visually stunning. If you haven't played galactic civ, that is far better, and endless space wasn't too shabby. This is probably the last indie title I'm going to buy, these games are like early 90's throw backs. I don't know why its so hard to make a solid 4X game, just give MOO 2 a facelift and it would be an instant classic. Definitely just wasted $30 on this POS."
76561198019965868,Recommended,236130,11801380,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,romartin,"It took me two weeks and 94 hours to finish this game and it was absolutely captivating.The learning curve was steep at first and leveled out nicely as the hours went by. The reward for sticking with it and learning the intricate ship design, alien personalities, complicated quest lines and how to play and dominate was excellent. At the end of the game I felt like I had accomplished a grand conclusion to a great adventure.This first time I played through the normal ""campaign"" mode. I plan to now experiment in the free form game as different aliens.Wonderful game. Fun combat, rewarding gameplay, not for the faint of heart. Classic 4x."
76561198027035147,Not Recommended,236130,19121924,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,jcraigpdx,"I've been struggling with how to review this game for some time. It hits all the proper 4x elements, it's stable, has a diverse selection of races... but it's just not all that fun. I have yet to ever play a game all the way through. The developer has been great (I've seen frequent meaningful updates), it does everything it's supposed to do, but in the end it makes me long for Star Trek: Birth of the Federation. The two games are very similar but Horizon is just missing that extra something that makes it special. BOTF benefited from the existing Star Trek universe, but it also really captured the feel of the races by using custom UI for each one and having a nice balance of unique traits. If you can find that game, it's great. If the developers have not played it I recommend they do. The universe in Horizon is just too stale as is. Maybe that's it.Anyway, great game that is well worth supporting, but I can't recommend when there are other better games out there."
,Not Recommended,236130,9019867,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TheDarkside,"Waste of time. I can't really think of anything I like in this game. The techs are boring because they are balanced to the point of repitition. For example, all the engine techs give you the same speed bonus per level. They only have slight variations in power/size but it means you really just stick to researching 1 engine the whole game. You don't seem to ever discover a tech that is truly ""better"" which makes it uninteresting. Seems even more so for guns. For example I start with laser cannons and then suddenly once I reached a certain level of laser cannon I discovered plasma bolt cannon. OK now I can kick some♥♥♥♥♥right? It has the same exact qualities as the laser cannon! Same size, cost, damage and the same perks, though maybe the perks come at slightly shuffled research levels than laser. Boring!!!The game does have a tactical battle feature but it's pretty tedious. You can't automatically have ships flee, the rotation mechanics are busted (doesnt seem to rotate ship direction I want to). Then there is the annoying tendency of the tactical battle view to watch neutral ships wander around space near your colonies.Something is really weird with the game economy. I was truggling with money at the beginning and then suddenly I was drowining in money. I look at the stats graph which shows graphs comparing all the races and everyone got this sudden sharp cliff up at one point, what is that all about?Oh and allies don't seem to mean anything. I ally with races, and then I get declared war on by others, and my allies never show as enemies to the races I am at war with. Just me.I feel like I wasted my time with this title. Back to Endless Space for me."
,Recommended,236130,17539243,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,wany1981,"This game is the small cousin of ""Endless Space"" and ""Galatic Civilization II"" and big brother of ""weird world: return to infinite space"".For the first game from this diligient Indie Studio it's not bad but it's still got tons of room for improvemnt.They have released a lot update to fix many of the issue they had when first launch but there are just a lot things that cannot be fixxed from patch.1. Vidoe/Graphics are quite well done. Some of the alien planet video is just simply wonderfully beautiful. And i can tell the animator of this game really enjoyed their work and made jokes in some of the videos.2. Music is a little subpar. But for indie game it can still be tolerated. Please improve this if you can for next game.3. Gaming interface is quite linear and it doesn't feel 3D at all. It's a universe so it should look like one.If you turn off the grid the universe interface just look like a mess but if you leave the grid on it doens't look good at all.4. Tech is weird for this game too which you don't really get a tech tree. You reach base on % of you send in 6 types and you can focus on 1 specific tech one it become available. IT's just too much of a random chance. You need a Major Breakthough for a tech to show up and you need another Breakthough to start finnal getting advantage of it.5. Race balance is really bad. This game is a colonization sim so if you can live in poison/metal planet from start you gain huge expansion advantage. Since tech research is based on random breakthough. If you play a race that's not native to bad enviromental planet you will have to cross your finger and hoping terreform research pop for you.There is a guide here on steam that shows you exactly how you break the game using these none-balanced ability and with that guide. The game become super easy but without it. if you play regular human on those high difficulty you will have a lot of trouble.The Achievements in this game is actually really simple and straight forward. But it does take you to play many games to grind them.2 of those main story mission that will give you a normal ending.7.5/10 and i do recommend this game for 4X lover. I raised the score from 6.5 to 7.5 because it's indie studio's first game but please improve and make better games."
76561198106013105,Recommended,236130,7694809,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Galactic Origins,"Horizon is a very good space 4X game similar to Master of Orion. Unlike Endless Space, there are no star lanes. Ships have unlimited range and the game is more open. There are up to 10 enemy species, and they act differently. Wars are common, almost from the start.There are two types of games. Normal mode is the campaign, were everyone else starts with a lot and there are missions to perform as the humans. Classic mode has everyone at tech level 1 and with only one world. I've played classic twice now and had fun.Horizon is a little challenging, especially at the start of a new game. Oh, in classic mode you can elect yourself as Leader of the Galaxy.This game is still in beat, but has a great development team. I've already exchanged email with the lead programmer. Anyway, I love it!"
76561198047163313,Recommended,236130,13772474,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,stp602,"Horizon is an imperfect product. It's better than many of the generic half-baked 4X games which are flooding the market as disposal-ware, but there are some very real drawbacks which limit the enjoyability of the game.For newcomers to the 4X genre who are looking to sink their teeth into a strategy game with some structure and a relatively low learning curve and don't mind the dated graphics, I'm giving this game a thumbs-up.For veterans of the genre, who are well-versed in games like Endless Space, GalCiv II and III, Distant Worlds or the Sword of the Stars franchise, I'm giving this a thumbs-down.For starters there are some very unique strengths to this game which are stand-out from the rest.Although almost every 4X game features the same exact tropes (types) of races, Horizon manages to give the in-game civilizations a sense of substance and personality which many other games lack. The in-game universe may not necessarily be as flushed as Endless Space, GalCiv or SotS, but the races present in the game are tweaked just enough from their stereotypes to make themselves unique---and the uniqueness of these races lend themselves to an almost genuine interactive quality. Species traits are certainly more than just window dressing, but the mechanics from one species to the next are mostly identical (unlike, say, GalCiv or ES, but much better than the generic games on the market).The research and development process in the game is a refreshingly unique take on R&D systems. Unlike most games, where R&D focuses on one single tech at a time, Horizon has a system similar to the research points and tech levels structure found in Paradox's Hearts of Iron 3---with a measure of blind development to make things even more interesting. The way breakthroughs are often realized isn't through normal R&D channels, however, but by finding artifacts and other neat little details hidden throughout the stars. Exploration directly leads to new technological development, which makes the R&D system a lot more dynamic than most other 4X games out there.Unfortunately, the R&D results don't feel particularly ""real"" in-game. For the vast majority of them, they are simply stat-modifiers. Advancements in construction technology will make colony-building construction faster, but it won't change the buildings which are available. Advancements in weapons and propulsion will add new weapons and subsystems which can be deployed, but ship-types are fixed from the start. Just as planetary development is strictly linear for each class of building, so too is ship design and deployment.Ships are limited. Significantly. In contrast to some of the generic disposal-ware games on the market, 16 unique ship-models, limited to four variants in four size-classes may seem like a nice spectrum for deployment. When contrasted with the dynamic models presented in Endless Space, or the complete from-scratch construction system for GalCiv II and III, or the custom-function design approach used in Sword of the Stars, ship design feels incredibly flat. Ship design is very strictly limited to a handful of weapon placement positions and placeholders for whatever systems are available for use. All four hull sizes and variants are accessible to the player from the start, no additional R&D required.It wouldn't be so bad, but the models for these ships look extremely dated once they engage in combat. The graphics look like they would be perfectly comfortable in the mid 2000s, but even against some of the generic disposal-ware 4X games, they look dated. Similarly, it's a very nice touch that Horizon has animated cut-scenes for first contact moments and other milestones, however, these cut-scenes too look like they are from the mid 2000s as well.In summary, Horizon is a very mixed product. Some components feel incredibly well thought-out and they look great. Other components look rough, even dated, and seem to be poorly conceived and weak in implementation.Ordinarily, I don't care about sales----usually, I'll argue that a game is either worth buying full price, or not worth buying at all---but this is not a product worth paying full-price for.And the conclusion? If you want a straight-forward 4X game with some meat but not the level of complexity which the best-in-class games demand, then Horizon is a good solid choice, as long as you don't mind some of the graphics and other limitations. If you're a veteran of the genre, looking for the next breakout product, this probably isn't it. If Horizon has a sequal or a complete overhaul to ship design and deployment, and creates new cut-scenes from scratch, Horizon could start moving towards its' potential.The potential is here, but it has yet to be realized."
76561198030823633,Recommended,236130,13146867,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EvilKnievel,"Horizon is a bit like Master of Orion 2.5, but in a good way.My recommendation: buy it when it is on sale, that'S what I did. Otherwise it is overpriced.Pros:- Very Realistic Research System:- Each Tech can be refined in 10 levels meaning that an ""outdated"" tech like nuclear engines can be much betterthan a lategame tech like graviton engines depending on how much reseach you already put into each one.- Techs appear more or less randomly depending on you focus.- Nice ""retro""-feel with a lot of little videos when you discover something or meet an alien race... similar to Master of Orion 2- Good tutorial- Decent space battles (graphics not so much)- realistic Ship Design system:- if you improve an installed tech it will be automatically refitted to existing ships / designs- if you change a design (change a component) you need to retrofit manuallyCons:- Don't expect any eye candy, graphics are 5-10 years behind mostly- Quite bad intro which almost made me uninstall the game right away...- Chessboard galaxy map, meaning you sometimes need to navigate around enemy systems if you want to get behind them7/10 Overall"
,Recommended,236130,12230888,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,HaTsUnE_NeKo,"For a 4x game this isnt to bad. Not high on graphics but in a 4x game thats usually not a big deal.But game mechanics is.Without doing the tutorial ( which i will later on for the achievements part ) this game is easy to pick up and play. very straight forward. reminds me of MOO3 but without the more annoying bugs. ( and you can upgrade your ships!!!!!! ) it does have bugs but not many. and those i can more or less live with.Dev gets into the tech support trying to help so thats a big plus.As far as 4x games go, this is one you want in your library.i give it 7 out of 10my only reason for giving it lesser than a full 10/10 wa the AI. to make the game harder it basically gives them more tech and planets. in later stages that makes a difference. especially when they got 8 colonizer class and 2 cruiser class and you're bringing 2 colonizer class and 8 scouts. and then sitting there cursing because they like 2 times farther than you are in tech.Would be better if the AI was better instead of just giving them extras to make the game more difficult. ( very Civilization series type of difficulty levels )"
76561198026332265,Recommended,236130,14796968,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,wenham,"I like this game. As far as 4X games go, it has most of the desirable features available in other games of the same genre. The Technology Tree is expansive enough to keep you researching new techs forever it seems. The ability to customize your ships equals that of Space Empires V; however, you can't custom design ground forces. I thought the ability to custom design your own player race a great feature, but I wish there was a greater selection of possible portraits to select from. At the start of a game, you can custom design your galaxy, the number of stars, random events, etc.Space combat is strangely satisfying. You get to move and target your ships unlike in Endless Space where you play combat cards. However, ground combat is sit back and watch, you get no input on how it unfolds. Just have the better techs for your troops and hope for the best. Diplomacy is also very well done, with numerous types of treaties available to use in dealing with the various racesyou will encounter. I definetly recommend this game :)"
76561198019022165,Recommended,236130,13743578,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PathOfPain,"Wow, just wow. Finally the 4X space strategy game that is at least as good but probably much better than master of orion I and II. I can't believe it, especially with the mixed ratings that it got. I could write pages and pages of text about it to show how good it is, but nobody would read it so ill try to keep it short and simple. Here it goes:- The game is a typical 4X strategy game where you build and colonize new planets to expand your empire. You build ships and conquer worlds! The strategy part can be pretty deep. Long range view of things is needed for you to succeed at the highest level of difficulty.- The game looks like it started with the freeorion game package and expanded from there. The galaxy map looks good, the planetary interface is good too, but the ship combat and research interface are a bit underwhelming. They are functional, but not great.- Each planet is independent and must be colonized. Systems can have as many as 10 planets or as few as none! You can also automate the planet building and management with governors who will develop it just like you want to. For example: Agricultural governor, Industrial governer, Research governor, etc.- On each planet, you have 3 to 4 ship queue(depending if you have a shipyard built or not).  So you can actually build 4 ships at the same time! Each queue is for each ship size which are 'small', 'medium transport/colony', 'cruiser' and 'mothership'.- You have default designs and named ships but you can redesign them at your heart content! Space on the ship is your limiting factor (also how much it will cost to build, but hey if you're rich, why not put all the bells and whistle on it!)- Starting Technologies with random tek tree every game. If you are very unlucky, too bad for you! Adaptation is the key here. Also, you can't see which tek leads to what so you never know when you are going to get a new tek. You get surprised often! (Like when i got terraforming by increasing my tek level in bioweapon! I was like Da ♥♥♥♥? Yeaaaah!)- You can find all kind of nifty things by digging on planets with archeology sites. Especially new tek that you don't have in your tek list. Or greatly improving one or more of your teks.- Tek research is slow. It takes awhile to build your colony and the needed research labs that will boost the speed of your research. This means you got to use your tek plenty before you get to something better.- Ships can be refitted with better tek components or new ones for that matter. The cost of refitting depends on how much change has been done to the design.- Diplomacy is actually pretty good and the ai is not insane. Each race seems to have a distinct personality too, but nothing too mind blowing. Still, it is pretty solid. If they like you, they are not suddenly going to war against you out of nowhere unless you did something bad! (You naughty you!). The interface is functional, but not very good graphically speaking. Still, it works fine so who cares!- You have a limited number of war ships that you can have at the same time until you improve your logistic tek and build a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of starbases. This means you have to weight carefully your needs before building a new ship. And scrapping ships is actually a good thing to do when your needs change. The limit of ships is a soft one before you start paying INSANE maintenance on each new ship, so if youre very rich, you can still bust the limit with little problems, but the maintenance cost gets very high very fast so i do not recommend doing this very often or for long.- There is ground invasion. I haven't tried it yet but you can bomb and invade with troops. There are many tek you can improve to help you with ground combat: tanks, hovercraft, aircraft, bombers, personnel carriers, rifle slugs, neutrino guns and plenty more! You can become a god at invading planets or defending from invasion too!Now the cons of this game:- The graphic are so so. This is not a game with pretty graphic. They are not horrible, but they look like they have been done without any artist or a bad one or they just didn't have the time to pretty them. I'm very glad that they didn't waste their time on graphics honestly because then we would have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game like master of orion 3 with superb graphic and good looking interface (that wasn't functional nor intuitive nor very usable) and a bad game to play. They concentrated on making the game fun to play and plenty challenging too!- The sound is appropriate and the music is good. You don't get tired of hearing the same music, it fits the space age theme of the game very well.- Going with the graphics, the cutscene are note very good either, but hey you don't care!I'm giving a 10/10 on this game for the overall awesomeness of it. You like long winded, slow building, deep strategy game? This game is your next lover!See ya!"
76561197979622565,Recommended,236130,14843273,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BeyondTopSecret,"Recommended at <=$10.00 USD, and not a penny more.This is a simplified 4x game.+ Good second-screen experience.+ Easy to pick up and play.+ Diplomacy engine is actually half-way decent (e.g., giving things to other races yields tangible benefits).+ Manual combat can actually yield positive results (vs auto-combat) when opposing ship designs are ~ = tech level.+ Races are balanced in non-story (Classic?) mode (same tech-tree/ starting conditions).+ At < = Normal AI level, come-from-behind victories are possible.+ Planetary conquest mechanics are above-average (IMO).+ Good terraforming model/ mechanics (simpler/ easier than Endless Space, for example).- AI makes some non-sensical moves. Example: requesting *your* surrender when you've whittled them down to their last planet. (WTF?!)- Would be a good tablet experience if context-sensitive menu items and text were a bit larger.- Music sux (muted it - usedi.fm/tranceor \chillout instead).- Graphix suk (reminds me of 90's EGA/ VGA games, for some reason...)- ""Story mode"" is weak (IMO - but, admittedly, at least it has one...).- Tech Tree nagivation and management is poor (albeit comparatively realistic, as re: process).- Ship design is a kludge. Too complicated where it doesn't need to be... And too simple where it should be more complex (IMO).- ~80% of ship design doesn't matter when using auto-combat.- Few victory scenarios. No science victory.- Some weapons too similar to one another in practice.- After a certain disparity in tech level... Manual combat matters not (superior tactics will not compensate). The extent of disparity is closer than I feel it should be.- No fast-forward button on ground troop invasion screens (personal pet-peeve).- Generally simplified, vs other 4x games (read: you'll get bored of it more quickly).Worth it only if deeply-discounted. (I'd like to have some of whatever they were smoking when they decided on pricing for this game...)"
76561197987307911,Recommended,236130,19165800,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Neutral Unit,"The game is great. Not that great as it could be. Still the tech trees, starship construction , economy system is quite simplified and makes you focus on the main thing like quests and world dominance. There are several drawback, mostly for diplomacy system and point defence in battles. There are glitches with planet bombardment and conquering worlds... but for me this game is a major setforth even compared to GalCiv3.You get a well optimised game (big boo to GalCiv 3) with understandable techtree, simplified and intuitive economy model (again the rock to GalCiv), great tech management (in fact, this is the first time I prefered the system from MOO 3) than from GalCiv (GalCiv 2 had a decent system, but I can't say the same for GalCiv3 - many drawbacks noticed). You can create almost any race you want (that is now very restricted in GalCiv3). But the thing I fell in love with is tactical fights, quests system and ships modeling. This is just great, and only one game beets it for me - Sword of the stars 1"
76561197991303896,Recommended,236130,15677054,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TDuke,"This game is very fun. I bought this without expecting much (I'm a 4x addict) and this is now one of my favourite games. Highly immersive. A tech system that has a sense of adventure (you have to aquire alien techs from exploration and from scavenging parts of ships you destroy, plus trade).I can't sing enough praises. I've just taken a quick break from an all day sesion and now I'm going back in."
76561197982669306,Recommended,236130,14929203,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Hathur,"When this game launched it was in rough shape - it had promise, but it had a lot of issues. I'm happy to say that as of today, after many patches and gameplay improvements, Horizon is a good 4x space strategy game. A lot of things have been fixed and improved since I last played at launch - namely a working economy, much improved space combat & tactics, AI that so far is presenting a good challenge on harder difficulties. Fleet size is no longer restricted merely by maintenance fees (a non issue later in the game originally), but by a much needed Command Point system. This forces you to carefully think out your fleets as you can only build a limited number of ships now, depending on the size of your empire and relevant tecnology (logistics tech).There is now a Governor system as well you can use to automate production on planets if you wish (a major headache saver once your empire grows large) which seems to do a solid job and can be adjusted to make a planet focused on commerce, research, industry, tourism etc.I only wish the game had launched like this, it's now a solid strategy 4x game, well worth your time (assuming you don't mind the simple but functional visuals)."
76561198030514455,Not Recommended,236130,9659384,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Varun,"The strategic element is decent, but the tactical combat requires major overhauls. Also, there need to be better controls for turning ships.Quest system is excellent, offers an option other than massive gifting to buuild good relationships with another empire. However, for some reasons there is no direct swap of technologies option. You can gifth techs as can the other, but not at the same time.Tactical combat consists mostly of dragging your ships across an insanely large map.The weakest element of the game is the inability for the AI to auto-resolve a battle decently. So you find yourself dragging a fleet of 50 ships to take out 5 of the enemy because the AI can't  do it properly without massive casualties on your side. Since you can't trust the AI to play out battles for you, every fight drags on and drains a huge amount of time.Having a 'group ships' option within combat would simplify things.Another major problem is the limited number of designs. Only 4 designs are stored per size, which makes no sense from a storyline perspective. Ship customization options are decent, but the limited number of designs limit what you can do.Bottom line:Not as good as Space Empires 5 on the tactical combat side and nowhere near Galactic Civilizations."
76561197989224389,Recommended,236130,19776383,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Thundar,Do you like 4X civ games and like science fiction.  If you said yes to both then this should be worth a look.Don't expect to win on your first play through.  Normal mode is very aggressive.  The casual gamer will have to turn the difficulty down to learn the finer points of the game.  Hardcore gamers should not have a problem with it.The game offers a wide and varied customization of your colonies and ships.  Tactically you will want to fight most battles manually one missle or laser blast at a time.
76561198032298091,Not Recommended,236130,9016835,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Fracture,"In theory this game is great. Lots of options for customization and what not. The problem is that the interface isn't very intuitive and the combat is extremely tedius. I enjoyed playing it until an enemy declared war on me and I had to go through a few battles every turn. The battles add no fun to the game and they take forever. There is an option to automatically go through the battle but you still have to watch each move, and the a.i for this automation is so bad that when attacled, your ships just fly out of range of your planetary deffenses towards the enemy, dividing your forces and most likely lossing the battle."
76561198053839090,Recommended,236130,13157963,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,blstrang1,"Has the feel of Master of Orion series with much of the tedious manipulations eliminated.  And of course the graphics are much better.  If you're a MoO fan looking for a similar game, this is your baby."
76561198029864377,Recommended,236130,22182785,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,nehznehz,"For the current discounted price (7euro), this game is easely worth the money. For the normal price I'd be a bit more hesitant to recommend it, though not to the point that I'd leave a thumb down.This is a fairly standard 4x game. The economy is less complex than the avarage, but I don't consider that a bad thing.The research management is well done in this game. It introduces chance with the discovery of new tech, preventing you from looking at the end of a tech tree and ignoring all the tech before that when deciding which path to follow. Don't worry, you decide the priority on which tech should be refined, which is something I really enjoyed.What I really disliked in this game is the controll scheme during tactical combat. It's inconsistent with that of the galaxy map or with any other game for that matter.Now for the reason that made me  hesitate to really recommend this game: I feel like there could be more do differentiate builts between the planets. What's there is mostly a differences of quality, not function. This leads to me making 1 or 2 production planets and put everything else on research first and money second. There are some unique bonusses that can appear on planets, but only one of those actually made me consider changing the build (by increasing the tourism more than the trade).Other than that, the game can use some more polish, though it doesn't do bad there compared to most sci-fi 4x games. I haven't encountered any bugs in any case.To conclude: not a great game, but not bad either.This game reminds me a bit of armada 2526 and that's definetly not a bad thing."
76561197991830987,Recommended,236130,23779679,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,boronx,"Horizon is a game for casual 4xers who loved MOO2, but no longer want to waste brain space optimizing the tech tree or the build queue.  It hits that mark well.  It'll feel famliar to fans of the Master of Orion series and many of the features of MOO2 are in Horizon.One key feature in MOO2 which is not found in Horizon is spies.  The inability to get accurate report on alien civlizations really changes the game, and leads to it's biggest con, there isn't enough information about what's happening.* The only way to find out what tech an alien race knows is to trade techs with them or fight them.  You simply can't tell what you're in for when you first start tangling with your opponents.* There's no explanation in the game for why some economic values are different than others.  Why does this planet have 10% more trade income another planet?  Why does it build ships 10% slower?* What is the exact path of my ship?  Horizon will draw a line on the map, but the line isn't accurate.  I lost a game because one of my colony ships skimmed too close to a system belonging to a super powerful progenitor race that didn't like to be bothered.* Important information about planets, such as trade income, isn't available on the planet list, but can be found by opening the screen for individual planets.Horizon is a labor of love.  There are several improvements over MOO2 that are clearly included because that's the game the designers want to play.The Galactic map shows the galaxy divided into star system, just like MOO2, but each system is in turn subdivided into a fine grid.  The ships actually move on this grid from one system to another.  Their speeds are given as spaces on the grid per turn.  They may, for instance, arrive in a system but still not reach their destination because their target planet is on the other side of the system.Fights occur at this grid level.  Horizon successfully leaves behind the set piece battle feel of MOO2.This feature may sound needlessly complicated, but the interface is fairly well designed, and most of what you'd want to do, such as orbiting a planet, can be done with a couple of clicks from galactic screen without worrying about exactly where your ships are.MOO2 had two build queues for each planet, one for ships and one for buildings.  This is one queue better than MOO, but still felt weirdly constrained for a galactic empire.  In Horizon, you can spending year building a super battleship, but your ship yards can also be pumping out scouts at the normal rate.  There are only six building types, but you can build one of each type at the same time.Planet development is streamlined.  It consists of levelling up the six classes of buildings, with each level costing exponentially more than the last.The way the economy works is not at all clear.  There's a planet population, from which some percentage are workers.  Of these workers, some are used in farming, some in industry, some in science.  More farmers produce more food.  More scientists seem to produce more science, but the relationships isn't clear.Build times seem to be set by the level of industry.  A planet with a billion industrial workers produces ships and buildings at about the same rate as a planet with 10 million.  Whether a ship is building only a single scout, or is building a cruiser, a battle ship and 3 max-level buildings doesn't affect build times either.Despite being opaque, the results of economic decisions are predictable enough that they are quickly learned through experience. You can grow a rich and powerful empire without understanding the details. These individual components of the economy are more than the sum of its parts.  I can't help but think that the developers had a more complex economy early in development.Research in Horizon is a complete rework from MOO2.  In MOO2, your entire empire could only research one project at a time.  Again, weirdly constraining.  In Horizon, you always research everything at the same time, which is what would happen in a vast civlization.  You can choose to focus a huge portion of your research on particular targets, but the other techs will still get a trickle.In MOO2, each tech was a significant jump ahead.  When you get fusion engines, nuclear engines are obsolete.  In Horizon, each tech can be refined through more research to be a lot more powerful, so when you finally discover fusion engines, they will at first be less useful than nuclear engines, because they are less refined.In MOO2, it was important to follow an optimum path in the tech tree.  In Horizon, new techs appear randomly through research and through exploration.Horizon has an asymmetric start, by default.  Your neighbors may be far older and more powerful than you, with other motivations than galactic conquest."
76561198113335485,Not Recommended,236130,9031108,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,galadon3,"Not worth the Money-The Graphics are way under Standard (what those Demo-Movies show you are mostly Cutscenes not In-Game Graphics)-The Economy is unbalanced as Hell. It basically makes next to no Difference what you build, just to make sure you have some Trade- and Tourist-Income on each Planet and you soon wont know what to spent the Money on.That even makes building a solid industrial Base unnecessary. You can colonize a new Planet and just rush-buy all of the Buildings it needs to be fully developed in up to 5 Turns. (I did this with several new Colonies at once, without having Money-Issues, from a Core-Empire of 7 developed Worlds and never ran out of Money)Terraforming is laughable easy and happens just by the Way once you have the Tech and activate it on a Planet. My whole Empire was transformed into Earthlike Worlds without having the slightest Drain on my Economy.-The Auto-Battle (and Movement-) AI is terribly bad. It managed to have the Ships of one of my Battlefleets blocking each other and then abandoned moving that Fleet at all, while it sent another Fleet forward, just to be massacered by the enemies planetary Defenses and Ships.Fleets are limited to 10 Ships and while the AI tries to keep a Fleet together (which easily leads to it either being mega-slow or blocking itself), it has abolutely no concern about keeping all Forces in a Sector concentrated. So it throws single Fleets into Battle while the Sister-Fleet is lightyears away.-The Tactical Maps are way too big. If you think of managing the Battles yourself be very patient, or think again. The Tactical Map is basically the whole Star-System and you need to move all the Ships ONE-BY-ONE.Since the Economy is so overpowered you'll be needing massive Numbers of Ships because the AI will field really big Fleets (and the planetary Defenses are quite powerfull).So moving even one 10-Ship-Fleet (and mind you, a real attack will need several of those) from the Entry-Point to a actual Planet you want to attack can easily take you 15-30 minutes (in which you wont do anything, besides moving those Ships, no actual Fighting).-Enemy-AI swarms you. No that is not a complaint about Cheating-AI, since the Economy is so strong the AI can field massive Fleets and it does so (prefering armed Scouts for crying out loud). It uses those for the Zapp Brannigan-Strategy. And sends wave-after-waver against your Planetary Defenses, just to die there. Its not only a dumb Strategy on the AI's Part its also tedious, having to watch those Battles (which can easily take another 15-30mins), knowing how it will end.-Stratgeical movement: remember what I said about the Auto-AI being too dumb to move Battle-Fleets without one Ship hindering or blocking the Others? Yea here comes a treat. The strategical Movement doesnt happen on another Map, in fact the Strategic-Map is like an Overlay to a big Tactical Map of the whole Universe (seperated in the Sectors nonetheless). So the same Problem occurs with just moving your Fleet between Systems.Basically the Game will tell you that your Fleet will need 1-2 Turns to move through a System, when in fact (thanks to the Bad Auto-AI) it will take 3-5. So reaching a neighboring Homesystem (4 Turns away according to the games estimation) took me 15-20 Turns with my Battlefleet.-One minor Point is: the Game lacking any kind of Colony-Autobuild feature (seeing I can buy everything in a very short amount of time its not really a thing, but even now more then 10 years old Master of Orion 2 had one that wasnt great but ok)If you arent the kind of Player that has a really high frustration-tolerance and loves moving Starships over-and-over-againSTAY AWAY FROM THIS"
,Not Recommended,236130,26252793,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Apheirox,"It wants to be a modern Master of Orion clone but sadly doesn't do a very good job of that. Maybe not a bad game but certainly mediocre - and your life is too short to spend playing mediocre games.Skip Horizon and either play one of the original MOO's, try your luck with the new MOO game or pick from the long list of other 4X strategy games that are better than Horizon. If you want something space-themed, Sins of a Solar empire and Sword of the Stars (the first one, not the second!) are very good.I played Horizon so you wouldn't have to."
,Recommended,236130,8499266,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,gummiwalze,"Its one of the better MOO2 updates.  There is still a fair ways to go (playing beta 2), and a lot of detail to finish, but its definately playable.  I'm not sorry I purchased it.There is currently on significant issues, that I hope gets resolved soon:  There is no report or status of how many buildings you have built on a planet, thus you end up cycling through all of them somewhat regulary.  The report system does a good job helping here, but its still very noisy (even with minor messages disabled).If this continues where it appers to be headed, I believe it will be the true MOO2 update we've been waiting for!"
,Recommended,236130,15905440,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,CleverwiseNow,"Horizon is my second favorite game of all time, right behind Birth of the Federation (which I still play to this day).  The two titles are extremely similar and probably why I like Horizon so much.I really like slow paced space exploration games.  In general I prefer the turned based method where you can plan more strategy and take your time over real time titles.  In a real time game you just don't have the ability to really get into the environment with slow paced thought and plans because things are happening continually and must constantly react verses sitting back and exploring at your pace.  You can think of this as the chess vs checkers models.  While there is nothing wrong with the real time method I am just one that prefers space 4x games that allow you to slowly plan out your moves and look at the overall picture in a low paced time frame.I really like the story line and attention to details.  For example, the unique music played when you enter into the communication screen with a species.  It was enjoyable to play the game and see the different powers come to life with the provided story line.  You can also turn this off if desired which is an excellent feature for times you just want to play without the interruptions of the Horizon canon.I also really like the advanced diplomacy engine that allows you to enter into many different kinds of treaties with other powers.  Plus the graphics are fairly good for this kind of game.  For example seeing moons circling planets along with the planet animations themselves.The music is very soothing, calming, and low key.  This just adds to the peaceful calming pace of the game and in our society where so many things are rush, rush, rush, hurry, hurry, hurry this is very welcoming IMO.I am also glad one can now play other powers besides just the Earth Alliance.  It seems to me the developers have and are listening to the community and that speaks very well of them.Of course no software is 100% perfect and there is always room for growth and improvement.  For example, an intelligence engine where you can spy on other powers by stealing their technology and commit sabotage would add to the game.  Of course there would need to be a way to counter act this threat for your own empire.  Also it would be cool to have plasma storms and dust clouds on the galaxy map that move around and reduce sensors.  It would be interesting if those storms were shown on the combat screen and thus change combat with limited visual-ability and reduce some weapons.  Worm holes and Nebulas would be cool too.Still overall I find this game excellent and am sure I'll be logging a lot of time in this title.  I finished my first game win around 30 game hours with three alliances and over 200 planets colonized and over 300 command points.  I had received over 30% of the achievements on Steam with this one play through.Of course there is a learning curve to any game but if you like turned based 4x space titles that are low pressure and provide a wealth of options check out this software."
76561198042307954,Recommended,236130,13866521,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,finnbogg67,"This is a great game! It's like MOO 2 on steroids :) I waited for a while before purchasing, taking in all the Feedback and decided to take the plunge and buy it. I wish I had bought it earlier, I have waited a long time for a good space-based strategy game, and this ticks about 99% of the boxes for me.The only minor fault I have found is that the AI races are quite aggressive and unapproachable (Even the supposed Passive and Social ones) and war is always inevitable quite quickly after meeting them. If that could be tweeked a bit it would be the perfect game of this type for me.Ship design is really effective and works well IMHO, as does planetary combat. I enjoy the research and construction aspect, especially on smaller planets where you have to decide 'Research or Industry? Food or Trade' etc. It sets the grey matter working.All in all, I am enjoying this game and will spend many hours conquering many universes."
76561198008434163,Recommended,236130,9162820,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Zetren,"This is like masters of orion 3, but turn based and new. I like it"
76561198059892163,Recommended,236130,19655142,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vincentlocas,"Not really original, but if you like space strategy games, you might enjoy it.I would advise to wait for a discount, for the price is too high for what the game has to offer in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,236130,24814986,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Piratelord,"This game is very shallow, I personally wouldn't waste time on it. You won't really touch your tech research, or your ship builds. You have solar systems but they are just planets. Nothing dynamic about them. Most tech improvements give a % increase to the base stats, not new tech. If you do get new tech, it's no better then what you are already using.AI is very demanding, and asks for things which as a player, you can't ask them.Game has one resource, currency. As long as you have income, you can instantly build anything anywhere.They needed to spend less time on the short (and pointless) cutscenes and more on gameplay/content."
,Recommended,236130,17203085,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Griffildur,"This feels like the true sequel to the great Master of Orion 2.You've got planets to conquer, build up and protect. You've got enemy races looking to drive you back to your home star system. You've got research and ships and random events.What you don't have is captains for your ships / planets - that would have been a really nice touch.The game is very stable, fast, built for 2 monitors without issues, I can play the game full screen on one and do something else on the second.It's a lot faster than Moo2 because building up the planets is done in a different way and takes much less time."
76561197988994736,Recommended,236130,10012459,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,thejoche,MOO2- my first 4x game ever on my old 486DX machine.  This game is a great homage to those old games. Love it. Been playing it since the earliest Alpha.  Strongly recommended for the old school 4x fans. 9/10
76561198062263407,Recommended,236130,9044435,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kaminari2012,"This is a realy thorough game.  Definately some work to be done, but so far the best turn based 4X game I've played,   At first the tech tree and combat seem simple, but when you have gotten a few hours in,♥♥♥♥♥gets a hell of a lot more interesting,Much of the wait has to do with the way technology is available and that combat has a learning curve.  The tech tree starts off with a bunch of technologies split up into categories.  These beginning technologies are based on race (Organic creatures start with organic engines, humans with nuclear).  You can focus research in any category and further down into specific technology.  As you progress and meet new races and get tech from them, new alternatives open up (organic , fusion or nuclear engines, etc..)  Each alt has different costs and simple benefits and they all level up.  When you get to a certain point, you can find out about shields and bio energetic field, even bioarmor which becom game changers.  (First time I did shield equiped combat, amazing).   The big thing about combat is realizing the cost benefit of weapon size and location.  Each of your ships has 8 life bars, when one of these is ruptured, the ship sinks, so managing your ships damage intake and direction is important (easier said than done, the AI moves to attack the weakest  point).  And this leads to the big thing, weapon placement and size.  You need to decide between heavier weaponry on limited to 120 degree attack with the risk of destruction or lack of attack as you shield it and weaker but full constant 360 degree attack.   Weaker 360 can be more powerful on smaller ships.  This is due to ship based placement size restrictions. (H class arebt cost efficient).                   Good Luck!"
,Recommended,236130,12160757,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Kosch,Great addition to the 4x genre. Very pleased with purchase. Wish the textures for the ships & weapon SFX were a bit clearer/sharper + a bit of tweaking to the way ship combat works (more like M002 please!). A really great game and with 66% off a stonking deal!
76561197968126409,Not Recommended,236130,9043083,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kulin,"I can't recommend Horizon at the currect state.I'm a huge fan of everything scifi. But horizon manages to keep away anything from the game that's interesting about scifi 4X Games. You dont have the feeling that you develop your civ in any way. There i nos feeling like rising your civilization from some space monkey to an intergalactic empire with godlike power. This was in my eyes the most motivating aspect of games like MoO. In this game you get Laser 1, Laser 2, Laser 3, Laser 4. And so on. Then you find ""Gravimetric Beam"" which is the same as laser with a different name.In MoO you started with a space shuttle with little guns and ended with a death star and the ability to destroy whole solar systems. In this game you end with Laser 7 and Atomic Engine 5 and the same shipsizes you had from the beginning.I also don't like the building-system of the game. Without doing anything special im able to buy everything in one round. I develop a colony to max in about 3-4 rounds. I build whole fleets in a few rounds, too, just by buying everything. The economy seems pretty broken to me.I think would like this game if research and therefore exploration would be more interesting. Atm there is a mediocre diplomacy system(no spies, no intrigues). A boring research system. Boring combat(because there is no tactical versatility in cause of boring research options). Boring exploration(only thing to find seems to be some passive bonuses(like + to income from tourism).This game is pure 4x mediocrity.My recommendation is to get:-Endless Space if you want Multiplayer-Galactic Civilizations 2 or Sword of the Stars 2 if you want complexity."
76561198055379490,Recommended,236130,21817068,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Arety:TheRevolutionary,Have no big reasons to like this game and it can be relly anoying but for some reason i have spent almost 200 hours in this game. : /Its good you should buy it if you like strategy games.
76561198007139260,Recommended,236130,2424660,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Valthaer,"A great idea, strange tactical combat look at first, but if you continue playing, the inmersion will be total.If you want to make a stelar empire, design your ships, and not only play ""combat space opera"", this is your game!"
76561198025729127,Recommended,236130,17205812,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Targ,"Pretty good 4X game.  Although there may be another 4X game where you had to nominate yourself to be elected the supreme leader, I did not play (or remember) it.  So I continually abstained from voting even after I had 30% of the votes. After wiping out the rival leaders that were nominated a couple time, I finally clicked on my image out of frustration and was instantly elected and won the game."
,Recommended,236130,17129579,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Reelacks,"If you want a really relaxed 4x game that isn't too involving and relatively easy to play, then this is a decent choice for you.  The game runs reasonably smoothe, and it isn't too hard to pick up how to play."
76561198008748139,Recommended,236130,8215439,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lynnerik,Love the game. Needs missions/cut-scenes for other races.
76561198019256235,Recommended,236130,9031548,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Taragarth,"One of the few new 4x releases that is actually worth it. Also the first 4x game that comes close to the glory of MOO2! The screenshots do not do it justice! Ignore that negative review about clunkyness and lack of technological depth; you can get new, unique and interesting technologies like true terraforming through diplomacy or by finding ruins or by adding them to your custom race. The interface is actually rather streamlined, it's just vastly different from the 'norm'. Add to that devs that actually keep supporting and updating every week with signifcant fixes and changes, and you've to yourself a gem in the making. If you're a 4x player, get this one, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,236130,21925294,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Xzythe,"First, second, third try:What am I supposed to do?Fourth try:Found where to enable tutorial, following a super long tutorial, accidentely closing it, getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Fifth try:Chose Kuntari, developing peacefully, biggest race declares war. Other races constantly demand systems, money, technologies. If you refuse, the become hostile. Got ripped off by the biggest race.Sixth try:Chose Kuntari again (they're pretty cute), developing peacefully, building colonies and fleet. Run out of money again and again. Created an alliance, biggest race declares a war, my entire fleet was destroyed by just one enemy colony, starting over.Seventh try:Disabled command points (or whatever those are called) not to have fleet limit. Guess whom I chose, building colonies all over the space not caring about the fleet. Everything goes fine. 1st place in expansion chart. Beginning developing fleet. Make an alliance with 3 races, so far so good. Random event occurs - choosing galaxy leader between neutral race and an ally. Voted for ally, everyone else votes for another race. I was prompted if I agree to recognise this race as a leader. Click ""yes"". A short movie is shown how everybody unified under my command (no ♥♥♥♥ing clue why), now we can... Just can. Do things. Open deplomacy screen - 8 races declared a war to me. Was fighting pretty good, started loosing one colony after another. Rage quit life.I have absolutely no experience in strategies like that, just saying.Horizon intensifies."
76561197995949116,Recommended,236130,10856938,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,daniel.j.silvia,"Being a long-time fan of 4X space games, I approach each new title with hopeful trepidation. For every deeply satisfying game like Master of Orion 2 or Galactic Civilizations 2, there's a frustrating failure like MoO3 or Sword of the Stars II and a host of in between offerings such as Lost Empire, Endless Space, Star Drive and Armada 2526. Horizon turns out to be an all-of-the-above game. It's early game exploration and expansion is top notch with lots of meaningful choices as to colony development, resource management, research decisions and risk-benefit assessments.  Unfortunately, things go south almost as soon as the neighbors show up. Transactions with your AI opponents are frustratingly limited and their responses often seem so hard-wired as to totally ignore your choices. Their lack of any discernibly responsive intelligence becomes even more apparent if you modify all your opponents into what should be a pleasantly “passive” attitude only to have them declare war on you shortly after first contact and absent any aggression on your part. Speaking of modifications, don't bother trying to modify the AI race names or the names of their home worlds. Much like the AI responses, the original names are hardwired in most of the screen displays so you end up with a confusing mix of your creations and the “throw the scrabble tiles up in the air and see where they land” originals. Disappointment with the AI will sink to despair once you reach the exterminate portion of the game. It's turn-based which is fine by me but it's also visually unappealing, saddled with awkward positioning mechanics and quickly becomes an unrewarding chore best left to auto resolution. The vessel customization is serviceable but absent excitement when your personally sculpted death dealing armada goes into action becomes more of a book keeping chore. The graphics in the game are dated but well done and the music isn't memorable in any positive or negative way. Running the main themes from MoO2 while playing Horizon makes for a nice effect. The tutorial is adequate if you have a good background with the 4X space genre but does leave a newcomer with a lot of figuring out left to do. In summary, what you get with Horizon is in essence a 51-49 gaming experience with enough good stuff to draw you in and enough disappointment to let you know this isn't your 4X gamer heart's desire."
76561198007312918,Recommended,236130,8443070,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Arn,"Great little strategy game needs alot more work but overall reminds me of game games like Orion 1 , 2 and 3."
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,236130,9048902,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,issssk,"Meh. Not a bad game, but not very complex. Entertaining for a few days, not more.The games UI is somewhat confusing...took me a while to figure out how to do things. The tutorial helps a bit, but doesn't explain all. Also, the UI doesn't really help you to keep an overview when your empire grows.AI is acting pretty stupid, on both sides.The game seriously lacks some information, for example, what do I need to order my fleet to do to bring down a planets defenses? Orbit? Bomb colony? Go into Sector activate and attack the fleet/rockets manually? Also, the planetary defenses seem ridiculously strong. Once I got starbase+rocket defense, I don't even need to place additional ships in a sector to defend it. The same is true on the other side, unfortunately. I never managed to invade a planet, even large fleets of motherships are shredded apart by rockets/starbases. Kinda frustrating."
76561198006519883,Not Recommended,236130,9045077,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,jjayers99,"Worth the money if you like alpha testing a ""released"" product.It may say it's been fully released, but this is still an early access game. The game is being patched rapidly now, but there's still soooo many flaws, bugs, and missing items / descriptions. DEVS: if there are things in a product that have no explanation ANYWHERE of their effects, the product is not ready to release.You can really see where the developers drew major influence from the classic 4X titles of days gone by, and tried to extend them to create something fresh, new, and modern. Unfortunately, it falls flat: The UI is clunky at best. The graphics are laughable at times (all the ground units look like someone created them with a 3 hour trial of a modeling program). Research is atrocious (no option to spend 0 research on something you don't want, being ""gifted"" a tech just lets you start from scratch on it). Combat is an absolute mess and takes forever, especially if your opponent spams small ships (and they do). The intent is to be able to manage multiple combats simultaneously, but really you just only get to control one at a time and the others are forced to auto-complete. There's no way to target military facilities with bombing, so I normally wipe out a populace before getting to an invade-able state.I could go on for a while about my issues with the game, but I'll stop here while some of you are still reading. This could have been a great game, and in some ways it is, but right now, as of 1.0.0.74, it's a decent Alpha test."
76561197990240030,Not Recommended,236130,9012870,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Ilithi Dragon,"The GUI is pretty. That is the only positive thing I can say about this game. Everything else about this game, from the sound to controls to the ship design system to the system management system is horrible. I've heard better sound quality from third-rate games released in 1995. The CGI and graphics look like they were produced by a first-year 3D modeling student. There is no build queue. Seriously? I understand that the way the system buildings work doesn't require it, but build queues are an absolutely essential component of any strategy game that involves building things of more than one type or design. Want to build a couple destroyers, a colony ship or two, and a couple more destroyers, without having to remember to come back and manually adding the colony ship and then the additional destroyers once the previous ships are built? Find another game.This game is not worth the list price. It's not worth $10. I might, MIGHT consider buying a game of this quality, for $5, but then only if it's on sale for half-off and I'm bored out of my skull, or drunk. The list price of $30 for this game is absolutely, ludicriously, absurdly INSANE. I paid $27 for this piece of crap that tries to pass itself off as a game, and I want my money back.And, no, I'm not saying that just to emphasize how bad I think this game is, I really do want my money back. I generally like supporting indie developers, but if I'm going to fork out almost thirty bucks for a ""full release"" game, I bloody well expect a decent level of quality in the product I'm purchasing. I really do want my money back."
76561198109891961,Recommended,236130,15733068,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,co897co897,"if you like masters of orion and masters of orion 2 then this is your game.The tech screen is odd at first but once you get use to it its all good, the game play is good the missions are fun and the races are good, all in all its an all around good game. not the best but good and worth playing."
76561198020519925,Recommended,236130,15865139,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,reefs.of.space,At launch this game was pretty rough but it has come a long way. It has two modes: classic sandbox (think Master or Orion) and a story mode with a couple different endings. The tactical combat is fun and the AI is pretty good. The only thing I don't like is there are only 4 ship sizes and you can only design 4 ships of each size at a time. I just don't need 4 different small ships by mid-game. But I'd like to have many different cruiser and mothership sized ships.The devs are very active on their forums and have provided regular updates including a few major overhauls. They also listen to their community. I'd really like to see an expansion pack to add more cool stuff to the game.A major improvement would be to add more things to research. Right now research is mostly improving a few small techs. I'd like to see more cool sci-fi things that you can unlock and a wider variety of weapons. This is something that would fit nicely into an expansion pack hint hint nudge nudge know what I mean?
76561198148978742,Recommended,236130,15035996,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Fistandantillus7,"I like this game. It does not have the huge scope of a game like Galatic Civilizations, but I am entertained when I play. I think this is a good contribution to the space 4X genre by a tiny indie developer"
,Recommended,236130,14811338,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,vcmadman {pt},"i played horizon in the past and i had to get it again, its a 4x game that is worth the price, it may be a litle confusing at first but get some hours and everything will be clear, some people dont like the random way u discover tech, well i like it make every game diferent, and the combat sistem is also nice, at first i didnt like it very much because once again can get a litle confusing, but after u get the hang of it u will like it, at least i did :)"
76561197970799707,Not Recommended,236130,14517196,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"A mediocre take on the classic Moo2-4x.There are some interesting mechanics, but overall nothing new and not worth recommending."
,Recommended,236130,8887468,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Thamuz Martu,I've been playing ever since this game was in a Alfa stage and I like it.
76561197964253125,Recommended,236130,9050554,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Doctari,"A great turn based MOO2 equivelant!  Just what I was looking for in a turn based space conquest game.  Many races to choose from, customizable tech, customizable planets, customizable ships.  So far there is very little I see bad with this game after 14 hours of play."
76561198100657715,Recommended,236130,7999563,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,arn1933,This would have to be the best 4x game since masters of orion and I have played just about every 4x space game released in the last thirty years cannot wait for full release. So hurry up?arn
,Recommended,236130,9033857,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Monterico Gaming TV,I am only one day in but having a turn based blast with this space game. Does take some patience up front with the UI interface but once you get the controls down it is a good time.
76561198075405627,Not Recommended,236130,7367708,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,p.steenstrup,"Nice little game for 10 dollers? not worth the 23 euro i paid for it.got overrun to early, it seems the ohter races dont have to pay for their ship,planet vise your are limetet to 9 spots including your spacestation and orbitol space yard,could use som guide to where or what it takes to research stuff like terraforming."
76561198024617410,Recommended,236130,13729949,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Thrax,Really good - but the Game Engine is to old.With a better Engine ( visual ) - then it could be amazing !
76561198035282944,Recommended,236130,13887929,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,davidanthonyd,"Battle system was enjoyable, but the overall simplicity of the game reduces replayability."
76561197970433519,Recommended,236130,8122919,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,01000001 01001010,Ascendancy v.2.0 :PWith the new Update♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!
76561198032672454,Recommended,236130,8635257,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,orion74,"Great game reminds me of Moo2 ,Keep up the good work..:)"
76561197987970726,Recommended,236130,9009535,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Wolfrunner,"I was hooked on 4x games when I found the original Masters of Orion (MOO). I still have that game on my hard drive and it still gets played on occasion. In the meantime, I've tried almost all the games that have taken aim at MOO, and found them all lacking in some fashion - too unbalanced, too focused on the wrong elements, a learning curve like Mt. Everest - always something that made me stop playing. Horizon, in my estimation at least, has struck the mark. The game is easy to pick up, addictive to play, and not bogged down in details like so many of its competitors. Your experience with the game may differ, but if what I've said rings a bell with you, give Horizon a try and I doubt you'll be disappointed."
76561197971825130,Recommended,236130,9014228,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Haapy,"Solid premise, buggy as hell - surprised this isn't up as an Early Access game. Hope the devs plan on fixing it. Still, I had fun, even in its current state. I give it a thumbs up.Update: They've already fixed most of the bugs. It's really good now. I have never seen such a quick leaping-on-bugs. Two thumbs up! :o)"
,Recommended,236130,9033305,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,alsonot,The best MOO since MOO II.  If you MOO this is for you.
,Recommended,236130,9058771,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Yoink,This is an amazing game and you should all buy it
76561197966567260,Recommended,236130,9110711,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,IronBear,Very good game
,Recommended,236130,9112464,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Old Hippy,Not a bad game. Tech could be more detailed.
76561197987301516,Not Recommended,236130,9320604,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,barkogy,"It can be a good game in the future (Horizon II), if the nice features are worked out in more details. In the current version you may enjoy the first 10h but after that, just boring. Issues so far:-  Progress in the research: after Laser 6 you have Laser 7...after that Laser 8...etc. At a point of Laser research you discover Particle cannon...you believe it is better than Laser....but no, the same strength just different name and beam color.- Boarding a ship is a pain. Assault Shuttles or Transporter provide limited amount of marines however sometimes having message ""no more space on the target ship"" so unable to send more marines. Joke. Assault is useless tactic here.- Ship design is not bad, but the graphic user interface is coming from 1989 :)- Space combat is stochastic... In manual mode, turning is matter of luck. If you switch to auto mode, ships are moving like captains having marijuana or what.....moving away from combat, bombers are turning around instead of bombing, fighters go home, etc.- Giving order does not mean, ships are doing what you want. You cannot see all the actions for some reason, just one or two of them.- Issue with planetary combat actions. You select a fleet to bombard a colony and another fleet to invade. In this case, they are moving around the planet but do nothing. Maybe arguing on what to do….- Nuclear missiles disappear in space after one turn....peace with you brother...? The missile weapon tree is a waste of time…I discovered photon missile, but the same as mentioned with Laser. Different color, moving differently, but same strength.- Invade a planet need million(s) of troops....despite of researching plenty of hand weapons and tanks, etc. Animation of the invasion is coming from 1990, so better than ship design from 1989 but far from state of the art.- The whole seems to be a test or trial version of a game having good ideas but not having enough time to implement it right. True for research, space combat, graphics.All in all, I do not recommend it. Wait for a discount, or Horizon 2.   :)"
76561198083624043,Not Recommended,236130,19247559,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bullwinkle,"Take a good long look at the first screenshot in the Steam Store (after the video). You're looking at a picture drawn with 1999 software, and you will be staring at this fugly ""galaxy"" the whole time you play this game. Galaxies should be breathtaking and beautiful, not meh, and certainly not fugly. How is it even possible to make a galaxy look ugly? More importantly: how is it possible for a dev team to look at a fugly drawing of a galaxy and then decide to use it as the main background shot for your whole game?! Answer: that is the best that was available back in the late 90s and early 2000s, when they were creating this game. Don't be fooled by the video. Look at the screen shots.Gameplay is meh, not terrible. You must learn the interface by trial and error because the help files suck. All of the mechanics are a bit clunky and not intuitive, not polished.  Example: this is an empire-building game, so you have lots of planets. When planet X13Z or some other forgettable name gets attacked you must respond, but you don't get to remind yourself ""OK, which one is that again"" before you decide how to respond to the attack. You can't look at the map and see which system it is. You either remember the name or you don't. Now choose your tactical response from the list of choices while we keep the map hidden. X13's fate is in your hands, but you can't remember is that the planet you're building $20 billion worth of infrastructure or the one you haven't started working on yet. Please choose now: Flee or Engage. At least there is AutoSave if you pick the wrong choice. Oh wait. There's not. You just lost an hour and a half of gameplay because you forgot to hit save. That's just the way things were back in 2003.It actually plays like an OK game if you embrace it like a family member who you simply have to get along with, but that hardly matters. This is a 2003 game trying to pass itself off as something new. No one buys a $30 Grand Strategy Space game these days expecting to stare at a 2D checkerboard and move cardboard cutouts of spaceships around while staring at a fugly drawing of a galaxy painted onto that 2D checkerboard. I was hoping for a game that would make me feel like I'm in outer space. Horizon fell short by a 2D parsec rendered in 680 X 1020 on a freaking CHECKERBOARD PLAYING FIELD.tldr: 5/10. Clunky but playable 4x space game with some depth and challenge. Never crashed. Occasionally entertaining. Storyline alternates between engaging and lame. Profoundly weak graphics. Don't pay more than $10 for this, even if you're a fan of the 4x space genre. Minimum requirements include Windows XP, and that should tell you when this game was actually made. Decent choice if your computer was built when Britney Spears was shockingly new, otherwise get a game that was made after Windows 7.[EDIT] I've played about 40 hours now, and it does get a little better. A lot of early stuff in the game is confusing and will point you in the wrong directions at first, but if you can get past that, there is a decent game here. If you get it on deep discount, you could do worse. Deep, complex, outdated gameplay."
76561198040927544,Recommended,236130,4702743,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,- 47 - Iron93,a very good game also if it isn't completethe style is a bit arcadebut it is fun! XD
,Recommended,236130,9017574,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Druid,"If you loved ""Masters of Orion ]["" then you will probably like this game."
76561197999654070,Recommended,236130,9056595,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LuckTSM,"Excellent game, lots of fun."
76561198023026107,Recommended,236130,9086798,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pycco,"great deal of fun, moo style game. descent graphics, if you like the genre this game is a must."
76561198030784364,Recommended,236130,9817533,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,greg,I have enjoyed playing this game for hours on end.
,Recommended,236130,9886831,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Weismann,Awesome game so many possibilities of play very unique and fun
76561198344056064,Recommended,236130,28303989,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,jonaug1982,Very cool game.Keeps me busy for hours.One the cooler turnbased civ games out there
76561197998172729,Not Recommended,236130,10719724,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"First let's start with the biggest flaw in the game: horrifyingly bad documentation. The game has a built in tutorial and a very pretty manual that tell you maybe half of what you'll want to know. Ingame tooltips are buggy and uninformative.Second, mechanics. The game's controls are clunky and unhelpful. Moving the map deselects your unit and the game loves popup windows right in the middle of where you want to be looking. Trying to use the map is more like boxing with your computer rather than playing a game. Combat is even worse, learn to love the AI.But the meat of the problem is in game design. The 4X genre is defined by exploring, expanding, exploiting, and conquering. This game fails at all four.Exploring is hobbled by supply limits -- the game enforces a maximum radius your ships can travel from any given outpost. So in order to explore, you need to expand.Expansion requires colony ships to found outposts. This isn't too bad, settler units are always expensive. The problem arises in how that cost is expressed. Building a ship requires a flat amount of currency as well as turns elapsed as dictated by a planet's industrial production. This double cost is ruining in the early part of the game, but it doesn't end there!Exploitation means upgrading an outpost to a colony, which is another huge expense and a delay of about five turns after you established the outpost. Your new colony will then need more expenses to establish agriculture and trade facilities just so it won't be a drain on your economy.Conquering is ironically compromised by how small the map is. You will start ridiculously close to your enemies, and have I mentioned how ruinous expansion is to your economy? Trying to maintain a navy in this mess is a good way to give yourself an ulcer. And you can forget outsmarting or out manuvering the AI, because the supply limit forces you into border fights."
76561197990101320,Recommended,236130,10326976,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,S-P,"If you want a 4x space game like MOO2 then this game fits the bill. It isn't the best game out there but it certainly isn't the worse, I would recommend the game."
76561198046229336,Not Recommended,236130,18755978,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dr. Wolf,"All I can really say about this game is...""meh.""You can't win solely by abusing diplomacy, the way you can in both GalCiv2 and Endless Space, so it has that going for it, at least.But, honestly? I've been going back and reviewing a bunch of the 4x games that I've played over the last few years, and even though I remember playing Horizon to completion a couple of times, it's hard to even remember much about it. It was vaguely competent, perhaps, but didn't really shine in any way that would motivate me to play more of it than I did."
,Recommended,236130,8240102,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,sir_malcome,this is what MOO 3 should have been
76561198014949270,Recommended,236130,8399333,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,gponto18,MOO2 fans rejoice!  The spiritual successor has finally arrived!
76561198006209752,Not Recommended,236130,26304200,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Edqp,Terrible game. cannot control research. combat is completely out of whack too
,Recommended,236130,13993005,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,✪ Phoenix,"Very good space sim and this one is very unique and amazing. Good controls, good story, great eco systems."
,Not Recommended,236130,9200279,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kyree,"Poorly implemented, easily exploitable economic engine. You've just built a outpost on the♥♥♥♥♥♥end of nowhere, and you want to spam colony ships off of it? Go ahead. You want to instantly build your most powerful warship right there? For an exceptionally modest cost, go right ahead.Until the cost for instantly completing infrastructure and ships is adjusted, this game is a joke."
,Recommended,236130,9822792,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Keller,"Oh yes,.... This is well worth what I paid.   Very Nice!!!   Plays very much like master of orion so if you are a fan of the series then you might want to give this one a try."
76561197970936163,Recommended,236130,9045394,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Xarastier,"Under construction:I just purchased & downloaded the game, and it is my practice to cruise the forums to get the ""buzz"" before gameplay. Although I've never played BoTF (Battle of The Federation), I have experienced the tactical combat of moo2 (Master of Orion II), and hope to enjoy this game as well.I've also heard that this game is a clone of Endless Space on steroids, a game I just uninstalled in intense frustration cuz of it's lack of a Tactical ( ""How to"") rather than a Strategic (""What is"") tutorial.It wasn't that ES's learning curve was too difficult, it's just that any 4x (A Master Of Orion coined term: explore, expand, exploit, exterminate) turn game with alotta depth and technical nuance should include in it's tutorial a sample game or scenario of ""what to do next"", so that the Newbie can acquire a feel for both a ""click's"" purpose and the game objectives rather than become overwhelmed while playing."
76561198018769124,Recommended,236130,9157885,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Tidal Doom,Simple and quick play
76561198007432044,Not Recommended,236130,9331966,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,garravesh,"The game feels poorly made, The graphics are lackluster and the mechanics in tactical combat are not very well done."
,Not Recommended,236130,9320048,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Daireishi,"The combat system is terrible and unenoyable.  It's easy to lose entire fleets without know what happened because of a weird ""turn-based, but all battles at once"" design.  It's very unintuitive.  Options for building up planets and designing ships are very limited and frankly lame.  Population of planets has zero affect on any of the output stats of a planet.The races and quests are interesting, other than that it's not very good."
76561198029889894,Not Recommended,236130,9436037,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,europhile142,This game is very poor. The graphics are sub-standard and the interface is unforgiving. I am very sorry that I wasted 29.99 on this game that looked so promising. Galatic Civ II is so much better. I will go back to playing that instead.
76561198030718797,Recommended,236130,13278369,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,bah,Enjoyable 4x game.  Each patch has improved the game significantly and I now think the game is in a spot to deserve a strong thumbs up.
76561198006937839,Not Recommended,236130,22170299,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sarbu,"this game isnt very good.pros:has neat ideas, i havent seen before, like tech tree. i guess?didnt see any bugs.cons:whole game seems like a water version of a real game.tech tree is great in terms of that every race has unquie techs, but mostly all bland, everything has a tech lvl 10 and then thats it. example all the weapons are pretty much the same, engines too, missles are a little different not enough to be that great though. there arent even techs to get new buildings.... and you cant really do much in the research field in terms of tweaking its really weird. and researching a tech doesnt lead to other techs or at least none that i saw or that made a diffence.space combat is done terrible, you might as well always quick fight, at least its pretty accurate, and invasions are click when to start and click done after it figures out who won, very simple, and would be nice if it just quicked isntead fo watching 2 numbers count down towards zero...diplomancy is average at best. but ai makes weird demands and they need to surrender when they are losing bad.colony management is a joke, nothing really to build. money system is not there either.ai will build colonies every where and have really weird mood swingscant play with command points on or you can make like a max of 15 ships, its very hard to fight two weak enemies or even one in this game if you only have 15 ships. you are forced to build a starbase on every planet and star bases are very very weak. i maxed out every tech and guys with half my tech wouldnt have a problem against my starbase. and can only build one star base per planet, so with out ships you cant defend any of your planets.can only make 4 ship designs of each size, and small size basicaly is a scout ship only so not sure why you need 4 designs of it.basically every part of the game except the next turn button is in need of rework.this game seems like the first game you would give someone who has never played a space game before. and i cant understand how anyone would like this game or give it a good review. seriously its bare bones and it seems like it was made in the 1980's. i would be ashamed of this game if i made it."
,Recommended,236130,9011466,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Vettir,"While not quite a GSG as some people have called it, (lacking only in size), it's a pretty solid game. The only issues I've noted were a tendency towards memory leaks."
,Recommended,236130,11113110,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Brock Vegas,Looking for a little MOO2 fix? Well this will take care of those jonses.]
76561198040997352,Recommended,236130,9838757,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ian.oliver,"Much, much better than the reviews suggest. Tactical combat could do with graphics (oh yes) and logic upgrades, but if you liked BOTF and GalCiv you will like this. I Love the UI. the game has a bit of a learning curve, but a good tutorial. It's slick and feels like a lot of work has gone into it. Supposedly retro in gameplay, but feels fresh to me. Glad I bought it, well done to the devs."
76561198032139712,Recommended,236130,9363863,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,warthon,"It still needs work, But a great start of you liked MOO and MOO II."
,Recommended,236130,9397923,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ErMurazor69,"This game has made me like 4x games again, I have played so many others since moo 1-3 and all of them were badly written and most of them had such poorly written AI's that they were programmed to outright cheat to beat you. Horizon however is a breath of fresh air in a stagnating genre, it is well written and the AI is challenging at times without the need to cheat against you. a good game can take several days to win and you are constantly wanting to play just one more turn... and as anyone who plays 4x games knows if you desire the next turn its got you hooked. There are however a few thing missing from this game and it is in beta so hopefully they will be added soon enough. It would be nice to be able to pay to upgrade a ship to the new settings, right now it will upgrade your level X lasers to level X+1 lasers but if you change the template from lasers to crystal cannons it won't. All in all though this game does not disappoint."
76561198040062263,Recommended,236130,12180893,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Titan,Nice game.
76561198027147618,Recommended,236130,16773276,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Infini,"A great ""underrated"" game.It's like playing ""Master of Orion 1 or 2"", but with better graphics.A nice gem, well hidden."
,Recommended,236130,10175642,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Stangryn,"All around decent space civilization game.  Only true downside is a poorly developed mechanic, that does not allow player control over combat in more than one sector each turn, leaving combat to an apparently inferior AI than the enemy possesses."
,Not Recommended,236130,18780047,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Redhotviking,"As x4 Space games go.... just no... no no noIt has a horrible interface, even with the kinda cool way science works it just isnt up for the task. Get Star Drive or better yet Star Drive 2. Heck brushing of Master of Orion 2 would be better than playing this pile of horse dung."
,Recommended,236130,25765502,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Venusaisha,"Different from Space Empires and Galactic Civilization games. But still lacking better maping options, planet view , and planet controls as well more. Doseen't even feel big galaxy map, just shrimpy. It ok game and just fells short on many things or just too different and seems  weaker then Galactiic Civilizations."
,Not Recommended,236130,11239811,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Duke Suraknar,"Fan of 4x Games since Sid's Master of Orion (back in the DOS days). I was disapointed with Horizon, mainly due to the unintuitive controls. It was not able to hold my interest past few hours of gameplay. It looked good and interresting in the Store page the video the screenshots but was not to my liking once I started playing it. While I am sure much work went in to it the game just lacks charm, even Birth of the Federation was more Fun."
76561198028048653,Recommended,236130,11320356,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,moku,has potential to exceed MMO. should add government policy modifiers to make economy more interesting and game itself more unique
,Not Recommended,236130,16389272,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"It's a trap!MOO2 from way old DOS, is still better than this game.This game is more like a clone of MOO1.No automation options for some crucial features like ship exploration.Graphics... like seriously for a 2014 game... even MOO2 had better graphics in DOS VGA 2D than this clunky bad 3D boxes.It's almost like this title was aimed for little kids.This came as part of a pack, I'd not pick this title by itself."
76561198042110223,Not Recommended,236130,11327827,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,scatwalla,"Horizon has great potential, but it just seems, I don't know, boring. I bought this in alpha, and it has come a long way, but it is still not a finished game. Another game published by Iceberg Interactive recently that is, in my opinion, sub par. I will not be buying anything else with their name on it."
76561197964248741,Recommended,236130,11720242,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Casper3141,Only bad thing I can say about this game is even the largest Galaxys can get filled up pretty quick 9/10 from me
,Not Recommended,236130,9021917,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,kragaar,"Poor game, has potential but needs some major patching before it is close to being worth the asking price."
76561197961330870,Not Recommended,236130,9048239,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Gudmo,"Horrible implementation of a 4X game. Badly immitates MOO and the space combat is just terrible in everyway, not to mention the countless times I was thrown into this engage sector nonsense every time a enemy ship flew by my star system only to fly directly out again. Annoying as heck."
76561198006851210,Not Recommended,236130,9180330,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,domwh,"Poorly implemented, poor ai and badly thought out design."
,Recommended,236130,12181268,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,pango,"updated July 2015: devs have fixed lots of problems I had with the game and it feels more polished now.I cautiously recommend this game. There are better space 4x games but if you kind of collect them, this is not _terrible_. It feels like its heart is in the right place but it's just a little dull. We have seen so many space 4x games now and this one doesn't really stand out in any way.They are still working on it though and they have fixed numerous things that were wrong with it and turned it from a pretty amateur game into something more polished, which I have to give them credit for."
76561198085398871,Recommended,236130,9035977,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,CORN FED,Amazing game!
76561198042941966,Not Recommended,236130,9367771,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Big Perm,"Horrible 4x game with every aspect flawed.  It tried to be original but failed hard.  Stick to Master of Orion 2, GalCiv2, ES, Distant Worlds, and anything else.  This will make you want to punch babies."
76561198049785889,Recommended,236130,9029945,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,keenlight,I like this game very much and i recommend it to anybody who liked MMO or any 4x sim. Looks great and has huge depth of game play. I have a few small problems with the game but it is new and i am hopefull that they will be patching the game soon and address most of these problems. Just make sure you have lots of hours free to play cause its a hard game to stop playing once you have started.
,Recommended,236130,13020746,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,-- scippie --,"So many games have tried to recreate MOO2, they all have failed.This game doesn't try to recreate MOO2, it has a lot of aspects from that game, but it has its own interpretation of it whilst using lots of new ideas.And it's great! I like it so far!I'll try to add some more in depth detail when I have played the game more."
76561197961658753,Not Recommended,236130,9066087,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Chris,"If you are a casual gamer like I am who has distant memories of the simple space strat games (the first master of orien, not the second)  then this game is not for you.  At first I thought it was just me, and that I couldn't figure out what the tutorial was telling me, but then the whole picture became clearer and that was just that the mechanics of this game are not friendly at all, on any level.  There is 10 steps to, what honestly should be, very simple things to do.  Like boarding a god damn ship.  Innitiating battles, going from one mode to the next, and switching between anything in this game just goes the most absolute round about way you can imagine.  Its not fun, its clunky and feels like I am wasting time instead of playing a game.  It is not intuitive, on any level, for someone new trying to play these type of games.I know there is a crowd out there for 4x games that enjoys making games as difficult as you can for people because it makes them feel like they are adding depth to the game, but this game, (which is supposedly not even as ""deep"" as other games) showed me that the genre is just not for anyone but those people.  It just seems like the interface leads to a whole lot of nothing and as a casual this because extremely irritating to have to go back to the tuturial every two seconds to try to read between the lines on what they wanted me to do exactly.  It could be so simple, why make it so ♥♥♥♥ing irritating to do what should be simple tasks.People can downvote this as not being helpful, but I will stand by the fact that I did not find this game to be intuitive at all.  There was absolutely nothing about moving around the map, interface, or game modes that felt like it made any sense at all."
76561197970651734,Not Recommended,236130,9209007,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Xyggy,"This game was a huge disappointment for me. I was hoping for a spiritual successor (or at least a competant updating) to MOO2, but instead got a not-ready-for-prime-time, amateur-hour 4x ""game"". Yes, that's harsh, but given how long this game was in production, and given that it barely surpasses MOO2 visually (not even close in game play), harshness might be justified. Adam Solo atspacesector.comgives a very in-depth review of this game and pretty much covers all my same complaints (which are too much to list here). Stay away from this game until (if?) there are several patches and updates."
76561198007464040,Not Recommended,236130,9886240,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,pinky,I tried this and I wanted to like it since there hasn't been anything good in the master of orion theme lately but sadly after playing it for a while i'm still stuck with the realisation that in every aspect (including graphics oddly which is usually the easiest improvement to make) master of orion 2 is still superior.
,Not Recommended,236130,9261529,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Thrombo,"I really wanted to like this game. The game itself seems built on a strong MOO-style 4x foundation, and is appealing at first glance. As you play, however, you will realize there's not much under the hood. Most research applies automatically without player intervention, making research both unappealing and dry. Nothing can be automated. Despite this, after playing for several turns, you will find the game is very much an 'end-turn' fest. I didn't encounter many bugs; the problems this game faces are a result of poor design choices and I don't think patches will easily rectify the issues at hand. I doubt I'll be returning to this one."
76561198035193248,Recommended,236130,10209071,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,jlb234,Great game that is challenging and easy to learn.
76561197985773036,Recommended,236130,18703328,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,tntom,One of my favorite 4X games. Very professionally done.
76561198066420476,Recommended,236130,8368831,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,javier.box,MOO2 in the flesh.
76561197976691967,Recommended,236130,8977326,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,sismir,Looks good for old MOO fans
,Not Recommended,236130,9007277,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Teikai,I like it. Really near to MoO.But the AI(KI) destroy everything.
76561198109056608,Recommended,236130,7978924,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Griffeth,good gamee
76561198010309208,Recommended,236130,8048580,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Roosterfrogger,buy this
,Not Recommended,236130,9176716,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,dracoons,CRAP
76561197993409789,Recommended,236130,9000593,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Herbzie,"Good solid 4x space game, if your a fan of the genre you will certainly enjoy this!!"
76561198164064521,Not Recommended,236130,20442413,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shadow Dracul,even on easy this game is very hard as you effectively have to manage everything and even then you are not guaranteed to get any new tech as you get it by chance and as well as that it takes hours just to get anywhere in the game
76561198070144558,Recommended,236130,9036130,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Good,IT IS AWSOME!!!!
,Recommended,236130,11282225,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,mpnorman10,"1) meaningful research topics that are not incremental and are worked on one or a few at a time. Obtaining a research should be a game changer in some way. This is the most important negative point. Games with incremental research have it very wrong.2) More aids are needed regarding colonies, navigating between them, viewing the summary, knowing what each is working on... many other aids. The queue and understanding of how that all works is needed. It appears the colonies can work on 5 things or 1 thing with equal speed. Only the cost that must be paid limits it. Is that intentional. It would imply that max efficiency is to work each aspect in parallel. Is that intended. I like that individual colonies are controlled, verses ordered en mass, but managing large numbers of them should be relatively easy.3) I like the way scouts and colony ships work, such as the ability of scout ships to survey and the ability to refit used colony ships.4) The look and feel of the game universe and sectors is also interesting. I have not played enough to fully evaluate those but I like it.Note: By saying ""Yes"" for recommended it is actually more yes than no, maybe 5.5 out of 10, where the research is -2. The research is not all bad, as things like Terriforming pop up, but otherwise nothing researched seems significantly different than before."
76561197962289127,Not Recommended,236130,11452275,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Drenzul,"Well, as a big MOO2 fan, I'm very very disappointed.This game is nothing but a pale shadow of MOO2.Pretty much at best, some aspects are as good as MOO2, other things are far worse.The controls are unintuative at best.Planetary developement is minimal and shallow.Combat is poor and tedious.Ship design is probably the best aspect of the game but even that is a very poor imitation of MOO2.I'm trying to find something good to say here.....Basically the research system is the only 'good' idea in the game and its incredibly badly implemented.I wish I hadn't wasted my money on this.There are no aspects of this game which are superior to MOO2.If you are thinking of getting this, get MOO2 instead, you'll be far happier and its 1/10 of the price."
76561198007335453,Recommended,236130,16334765,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kumorigachi,"Its stable, and plays as one might want a 4x game.Diplomacy is Average doesn't really do anything extra ordinarily different from previous 4x games.Battles are some what interesting but, the most advanced armada is almost always going to win reguardless of numbers.Economy is simple. colonize planet build Trade Farm Industryand Entertainment on planet profit.it doesn't do anything that is hugely different from other games of the genere, and it doesn't offer much complexity but it works. and the game as improved alot from when it was originally Early Access.it would be funner if it had multiplayer. but the game is nice if you like games like Civilizations, or Moo , or any other space 4x. it does suffer from replayability . the customization is quite limited.its the same customization as other games really.you click create new template select your traits and startign tech and stuff pretty much standard.I'd give it a 5 out of 10, its mostly  because it doesn't do anything grand but it doesn't really have any 'horrid' parts either. its just kinda Average but i can't think of a reason to avoid it."
76561198023790919,Recommended,236130,9196703,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,MF Hannibal,I recommend this game if you have too much money and not enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing games so ♥♥♥♥ing bad holy♥♥♥♥ingshit 9/10 would not bang.
76561198004026630,Not Recommended,236130,9046044,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,KoD,This game is not complete !  they had to put early acces ! :P
,Not Recommended,236130,9062099,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,"Just another attempt to create a good space strategy. This game have it's good sides, but it's downsides completely outweight them. There is no need in fancy graphics if your gameplay is so bad. Gamedesigner should think about some other job... Not that I want to harm some one, but it's just truth... Person who fails to see how his game works(or just dont care) should not even try to make games. At least as far as thay are not free. I regret the money and time I spent on this game... Master of Orion 2 is still on it's throne."
76561197998633434,Not Recommended,236130,9111571,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AVK,"Waste of money and 115 min. Crude graphics, non-intuitive interface, boring gameplay."
76561198167659558,Not Recommended,236130,22219635,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kennyleebeeks,"Nothing like I hoped or imagined.Couldn't complete the 1st combat without using the Auto-complete function as there was no explanation of everything involved until after it was over.Then it turned out to be too complex to be any fun for me.Waste of my money.Fortunately, it was on sale & only cost $7.49 today!"
76561198007463996,Not Recommended,236130,9142031,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ed,"It's not finished an thus unbalanced. Many things dont make sense. Why do my ships attack my ally in auto mode? You cant refit ships or starbases, or can you? I know it's a new game, but why is terraforming not changing the planet anymore? You can colonize planets you couldnt colonize before, but you cant transform them into, say, a terran class planet.The manual is lacking in most regards. Played it for 20+ hours and finished it. If you survive the beginning of the game you get totally overpowered. I'd give it a 6  out of 10. Nice try, but you'd better stick to MOOII, or Gal civ 2."
76561197970143059,Not Recommended,236130,19241606,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Comrade_Zer0,"I seem to buy just about any semi-exciting looking 4X game, however this one was clearly a mistake. The entire experience can be summed up with the word ""Meh""."
,Not Recommended,236130,13383847,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,McGravin,"Over-complicated mechanics and bad UIs are common problems for 4X games, and this one really exemplifies both of those flaws. That, and the tutorial is atrocious and actually rather infuriating.There are better 4X games out there. I wouldn't touch this one with a 10 foot pole."
76561198007295020,Not Recommended,236130,8157930,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,wm.j.olson,"3 out of 10.  Graphics are from the 1990s.  Limited replay.   Tech tree is limited, especially in weapons.  Ship designs are clunky.  Game play has a number of issues, such as no retreat options for fleets from combat once begun.  No clear idea of comparison of weapons effectiveness."
76561197999792111,Recommended,236130,13455672,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Christmas1,"Play it or die, you have to play it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,236130,11111562,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Richard Nyxon,"looks like it had potential, but tripped and fell on its face"
,Not Recommended,236130,9058115,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,"Don't buy this, rarely do I really regret buying 4X games, but this game was so unintuitive and dated that it was a waste of time and money.Too bad :/"
76561198053277409,Not Recommended,236130,19229461,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,davefrisch,"Boring, repetitive, tries to be a very vanilla version of MOO2. wish I could get a refund from this garbage institution."
,Not Recommended,236130,9182186,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Palladius,"I'll be fair here - the developers did have a good concept here. A traditional 4X with turn based tactical combat is something I would very much like to see.Unfortunately this game not only fails to deliver quite spectacularly, but feels clunky and poorly finished. With some love and some polish this could be a revolution in 4X design. As is, the tactical combat interface is quite possibly the most counterintuitive and confusing thing ever to have graced my laptop screen, the soundtrack sounds like something I ate yesterday making a reappearance and the art style and graphics would look more fitting in a 1990 release. Overall a solid concept, but a terrible execution."
76561198092096718,Not Recommended,236130,9821555,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,mcsbujold,Update ruined a fun game.It was nice but its over now.
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,236130,19246591,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,rubyismycat,this is just an insultingly bad attempt to copy a twenty year old game called Masters of Orion which was fantastic this game is a botched copy definately dont buy it
76561197993286370,Recommended,236130,9041276,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Flailing Junk,"Not impessed, buy Endless Space instead."
76561198030845088,Not Recommended,236130,11735658,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dougmann99,How could the combat system on a 4x game be this difficult and unintuative?  I had hoped that this was a fitting successor to Masters of Orion II but it appears to be the nest generation of MOO III.Epic fail.
76561198108268033,Not Recommended,236130,17125719,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Imagen Galactic Civilization. Now imagen it redone by a game dev who doesn't what made GalCiv good.I should start this by saying I've only played a few hours of Horizon before refunding it. It's completely possible that everthing i say here does not apply to the late gameAll of my friends recomended this game to me, they all said it was good and interesting and had a lot of cool lore. but when I finally caved and bought this game it just felt so hollow and lifeless. I felt like it had no charm or personality despite every one telling me that it did. The reviews for Horizon seem to mixed at the time so I can't be the only one who feels this way.Everyone seems to praise the tech tree and it's alright. But it'j just a tech tree. theres nothing special about it it functions almost the same as any other 4X game. I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the game for this, But I'm tired of all the reviews praising it as ""New and inovative"" there's nothing Special about the tech tree, despite what it might seem at first. Which is fine. Simple does not equal bad.The combat can be really tedious and theres not a lot of substance to it, it basically falls down to who has more ships and bigger guns. there are a few things you can do like position your ships to focus fire on a single point rather than spread it out, which is neat but if you have more ships and bigger guns than why would you even bother? And if your opponent has more ships and bigger guns than what good is it going to do?The colony managment system is kind of cute. It works and there really isn't a whole lot wrong with it. to colonize a planet you drop a outpost which you can upgrade to a colony anytime. once you do the colony will start it's trait( science , industry, farming ect) at zero and you can upgrade them to suite the planet type. it's simple and i like it. it's a shame that this part of Horizon is so easy to grasp and funcional when most other aspects of the game leave much to be desired.I struggled quite a bit with the UI, constantly switching between menus got really annoying real quick. But I think that might be a me thing. I will through a fit if the UI isn't crystal clear, as simple as it can possibly be. Maybe the Game's UI is perfectly functional and I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, so I think I'll give the game the benefit of the doub't.Speaking of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the AI couldn't plan it's way out of a card board box that doesn't exist. theres really not a whole lot to say othrt than: it wouldn't suprise me if it turned out that there wan't an AI and all of the computer players are actually completely controled by a pair of dice.In conclusion, No I would not recomend this game. After a few hours of playing it the only thing I remember is that the girl in the opening cut scean is clearly checking her Facebook. It's funny but......That's all there is."
76561197985719335,Not Recommended,236130,12207650,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,Needs work.
,Not Recommended,236130,16041512,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,stahlnacht,Confusing game.
,Not Recommended,236130,23339086,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,schindlernd,not worth buying if you cant even make a balanced game AI will kill you just as easy as it does on Very hard when you play Very easy spent. NOT WORTH IT
76561198083140160,Recommended,236130,10962509,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Duchess,By sins of a solar empire instead.
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,236130,12112788,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Salty Jack,"I bough this, I admit, hoping for a spiritual successor to Moo2.  It's not.  It does alot of things right, no heroes but much of the other big points... doesn't mesh well, wasn't fun."
76561198063560177,Recommended,236130,12449118,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rudolfucius,"What i didn't like :Classic mode did end at some point, when older races decided to leave...Tech tree not big enoughSpace battle : could be upgrade in pleanty of ways.Now don't get me wrong, its a great 4X game."
,Recommended,236130,9001349,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Grand,would i recommend this? ABSOFREAKINGLUTELY 9/10
,Not Recommended,236130,9045977,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,ZeroMark,Bleh.
76561198072610275,Not Recommended,236130,10634681,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,faultline,"This game is awful.  No real inovation.  The graphics are average at best.There are quite a few Sci Fi 4x games out there that are quite good, this is not one for them.Micrcomangenment is to be expected from 4x game but it's made difficult with the games poor management screens.I found the turn based combat is cumbersome and not at all enjoyable."
76561198009148400,Not Recommended,236130,24456976,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tcoltman,difficult to get started dont bother
76561197974290330,Recommended,236130,10580622,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,t(-.-t)  J D,"A complete waste of 20 bucks... Other games similar to it like Civ, C&C, StarCraft etc. just blow it out the water in terms of gameplay, controls and story...shame"
76561198028574764,Not Recommended,236130,15397077,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,GortKill,sucks - WASTE of MONEY>
76561197988369748,Not Recommended,236130,15662675,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sleepy Weasle,Great game if you like hours and hours of wasted time designing ships... If you like that type of game go for it... I have a job so I cant waste time designing ships all day.
76561198010089691,Not Recommended,236130,8999784,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Joseon,"I love playing good games that has little or no graphic. I play games like Dungeon Crawl, NetHack, Cataclysm RL, Unreal World, and so on. However, disgusting looking 3d graphic is much worse than no graphic at all. 3d graphic of this games looks disgustingly bad, killing my immersion whenever I play this game. I wish they've hired a better 3d designer, since the overall game desing seems entersting enough."
76561198030917680,Not Recommended,236130,13015626,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,robertmartin125@btinternet.com,This game shouldve been right up my street... the tutorial is laughable I have'nt been able to even get started with trying this game because the tutorial is so un user friendly. I really was looking forward to this game but I feel that I have completely wasted my money.
76561198017746645,Not Recommended,236130,17236765,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ravensshadow,Complete garbage
76561198053790474,Not Recommended,236130,8665522,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Patrick.Forant,This game is just a trick. It has never been completed and probably never will be. I have been waiting months to play this ame but to no avail.
76561198006681349,Not Recommended,236130,29876519,Posted: 12 February,all,Anubis,dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008486823,Not Recommended,236130,12973624,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,shaun.kenny_88,very poor game another failed space stratagy game.
76561198004831998,Recommended,236130,22214860,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sandermatt,"Positive:Innovative (more realistic) way of handling research.Ship design is rather good.So far the game seems rather balanced.There are some questlines to explore.NeutralCombat works, but it is not that special.Negative:Strange Diplomacy. People ask you to surrender after loosing every battle. People wage war with you and offer you to pay tribute while still waging war.Graphics are not too good (altough this is not that important to me)Biggest drawback: I have now played this game for 9 hours and I play on highest difficulty, still it feels rather easy."
76561198008598699,Recommended,236130,9049961,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,c_w_p_wolf,"Please read all the way through as the first part is about a year old now and many issues have been fixed. (1) This game is super glitchy.. I'm having nothing but problems with this game and it seems to have messed up my Norton Anti-virus, I've gotten the Blue screen of death twice while trying to play it and it has ""encounterd a problem"" 10 times sense I got it yesterday.. I'm very disapointed and would like my mony back. ( Not that that would happen..) Anyways... Could be a real good game but I may never know, I cant keep it running long enough to figgure it out. It looks like I waisted my money on this one. Buyer Beware..(2) ok, about a year later I tried to play this game again and many patches have been implamented and now I can play the game and it's a ton of fun."
76561198012033570,Recommended,236130,23563691,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Brenten007,"Edit my game review:After the update and fixed to Very Easy, I understand more on how the tech tree runs.  Much better...  Geeezzzzzzzzz..  I could not get anywhere earlier.Thanks for fixing the issue.  At least you fixed it and offer the option to turn off command points.  Personally, I understand that their got to be some diffcualty in games but when solo playing,  I like having the option to turn things on and off.  Sometime I get home and don't have much time to play and just want to take it easy in a game so I set it to easy.  Later on, if I have time, I will play it on Normal or hard mode."
76561198014431520,Recommended,236130,25896924,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Siluroo,"If you like the old style 4X games, and dont mind a dated style interface, I would suggest getting this if its on sale.Its nothing all that special, but it plays ok, I like the way research works and think it a more realistic approach, the interface is ok, it does not have the polish of more big pubisher titles.I got it at 75% off, and are happy with my purchase, would not be so happy if I got it a full price, but then most of the recent AAA titles I have got at full price have been a dissapointment, so much so I have not purchased the new MOO, or total war warhammer, out of fear of dissapointment.If you can get this cheap, and give it a try, I think you will get your moneys worth out of it!  I know I am.about 6.5/10, maybe 7/10 for being indie."
76561198036874457,Recommended,236130,9010251,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,gbigdan,"Umm... I REALLY want to like this game. However... I have experienced 3 seperate ctd's within 4 hours of gameplay playing different races, etc. Doesn't seem to be a pattern. Based on the comments posted when this game was still in development, just a month ago, I am thinking that they released this buggy game way too early... I would wait to buy this game for several more months to A: not to reward the developer for releasing the game when it wasn't finished and B: to give the developer time to nail down all the bugs which I really hope they do instead of abandoning and moving on to another project, etc.Ok: I just played 8 hours in a row and no ctd's!!! I enjoyed the game and are of the opinion that the devs have redeemed themselves with fixing what should have been accomplished before the game was EVER released. It is worth the money..."
76561198006678583,Recommended,236130,8189246,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nikusha Marx,its early stage of development but if developers will work hard it seems we will have good old style game :)
76561198310408129,Recommended,236130,34847989,Posted: 9 September,all,NinjaToma,"I love the old school feel! I hate the price tho! I bought it on sale for $5, so if your intrested in this game, wait till sale."
