user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197990037439,Recommended,236150,9927365,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,TheDude1972,"First Impressions:For an early access game this game is already really playable as the sandbox mode works just fine. See this game as EVE offline. You fly your own ship (which you can upgrade or just buy a bigger one) around a HUGE universe that has highway like wormholes and natural wormholes. You can also move around anywhere under your own power so just traveling on highways or through wormholes isn't a must. There are hints of fleets in thwere but haven't been able to start one, although you can already by extra ships and leave them in your garage.Your Ship:Upgrades for your ships are plenty and the weapon systems include, lasers, plasma cannons, railguns, missiles, and much more which you can freely add to any supporting hardpoint on your ship (light for guns, heavy for ammo consuming launchers). All upgrades and repairs happen on the station and I've noticed you really need to shop around the stations to get the best stuff.Your Crew:Yes, this game has crews as even your starting ship is more then the usual fighters you get in other games. There are 3 shipstations which you can hire crew for. The crew gives you boosts on weapons or ship systems like engines, shields and cloaks depending on their skills. Again every station/planet offers different crews with different skills.Gameplay:Random missions are generated all the time wich includes simple ""go there and shoot.."" missions, scan anomalies and bringing around cargo and passengers. You can visit many many stations (and planets) to upgrade, repair, hire crew, trade and lots more. The universe is very much alive as you encounter friendly and non friendly ships all over the place. Some sectors and stations really don't like you and can form a real challange when fighting in those sectors (enemy reinforcemants and stations blasting you). Fighting is mouse controlled, aim and shoot your light weapons by clicking the right mouse button and fire your heavy ammo consuming weapons with X. Also you can give the command ""Fire at will"" which will basically unleash all weapons on all in range enemies (this can be very much fun to watch while you just fly around avoiding damage with guns blazing).Trade is already present in the game but is still in it's first stages so you get very little info on prices except for a news scroller that is viewable on every planet and station.Development:Patches are rolling out in a steady pace and the devs are very active on the forums (Post a question, suggestion or comment and you'll likely get a reply within the hour). This just gives you extra confidence to buy this game in early access and help in it's development.Current Verdict July 18 2014:Highly recommended early access game that is only getting better with each update.*My above opinion still hasen't changed, latest update is again full of content. Recommend to pick up on current sale :)Current Verdict September 16 2014:Latest patches have added full controller support for fans of those things. Also the game is nearly complete as release is almost here, they've been busy with optimizing the game and adding final features, complete campaign/story mode is not finished yet but devs have indicated it's coming soon! (And in the past they've proven time and time again that they uphold their word!).So still a big fat recommend from me at this final stage of early access."
76561197995485187,Recommended,236150,18886676,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,lecoto,"This was the game I wanted when I wanted to be a space captain/pirate.  There are ships.  The ships come in different sizes and configurations.  You start in a tin can with a couple of turrets and work your way up to space battleships.  Some of them can be challenging to get your hands on, if a faction you've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off is the only one that makes it.  There are different weapon systems, each with strengths and weaknesses.  There can be a story/plot if you want it to be the driving reason behind your space-captaining/piracy.  The game punishes you for thinking you are a main character with plot armor and can charge at whatever your quest is without strategy.  It rewards you for doing a bit of grinding on the side for money and xp, be that with asteroid mining, quasi-legal trading, playing space police, or space piracy.Being a space game, there are a lot of different controls and interface options.  There are less than other space games I've tried.  Navigation is relatively simple, and wormholes, ion storms and radiation clouds make that more interesting than the vastness of space probably is.  You need captain 'levels' to fly bigger ships, but xp can be earned from basically doing anything.  Aiming is done via turrets.  Pick a view mode you like, aim the turrets yourself or let the computer do it for you, find a ship you like, and fly around space.  That's what you're here for right?It took me 40 to 50 hours to finish each story line, taking my time and taking advantage of the vast numbers of pirates just waiting to be boarded and salvaged.  Ultimately this was the first 3d space game I've tried that gave me some complexity while still making 'fly a ship through space' enjoyably easy.  I enjoy leveling, working my way up from the bottom and becoming an unstoppable juggernaut.  I enjoy flying a ship through space and shooting things with lasers, or guns, or plasma cannons.  I enjoy some odd challenges and impossible odds.  I enjoy exploring.  I felt accomplished when I finished the plot in my decked out dreadnought.  I enjoyed this game.  And the free DLC.Spaaaaaaaaace.  What's your favorite thing about space? (mine's space)"
,Recommended,236150,12260123,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cannamancer,"TL;DR: At the verrry bottom, ya heathens!This game, wow. It is eating away at my soul here. Like I need to sacrifice another small vessel for creds so I can sleep again.I bought this game cause I had a gut feeling it was what I needed in a game right now. Yeah sure there are others like it, but I just wanted singleplayer and something really solid and fun. An man was I in for a treat! I had no idea I could enjoy a game so much again, like back in the day with all the old systems around and gramps was trying to figure out why the TV is calling him.So far the story has been very engaging with some smug and unsavory characters, not to mention a bunch of stuff to do on the way. Clearing asteroid fields for some spare loot to fill that cargo hold, capturing enemy ships to either sell or dock for your own collection. Beaming aboard your crew to steal stuff for you on a old mining field or enemy ship in battle to turn the tide an steal it for yourself, you will have to tractor beam it the whole way at impulse speeds to the nearest planet or station of course, who wants to do anything the easy way any way? Psssh.You have your classic worm holes you can use to travel or them good ole relays for cash, but who wants to waste money?Also you will run into random slipstreams in which you can use to traverse.. well the verse, by steering your ship properly through it. Be warned about worm holes though you can loose people, but don't worry you can get more red shirts at the nearest docking bay :D.Even combat is savvy. Tell your people to fire at will, take the helm do it yourself or root all power to engines as the words of Firefly's Jane ""Let's Moon'm"" cascades from your lips like lavander and oats. Be a commander, be THE commander. Hire merc ships to roll in your space posse, have a fleet of some bad to the bone misunderstood ship captains looking for redemption and love among the stars. You can of course also customize your ships colors and a few decals, but the real bread n' butter is the all the parts you can fit the ships with. An there is a lot of parts ranging from pulsar cannons to rail guns.You are not constrained in anyway wanna be that scruffy looking nerf herder? You can! Got that Serenity Smuggling Fever? This game has the cure my friend! Wanna travel across space corralling convicts like Cowboy Bebop? See you space cowboy, I'll be chilling with Jet. Wanna make enemies of a gang Outlaw Star Style? Look no further time to pop that space cherry Gene Starwind! Need to feel like you're back in Star Fleet Academy with Kirk? Picard? Riker? Janeway? Tuvok? Classes start as soon as you hit the buy button cadet! An tell Neelix I sent ya ;D.What is also great is that the devs have been very responsive and helpful working with the community to solve issues, active devs have really made this product shine and continues to better. I do hope you get the game and enjoy as much as I am.In my conclusion yes I recommend this amazing game, I have spent the last few years just really yearning for something, but sure what exactly. When I saw this I knew my sacrifice to the Game Satan had finally been heard. The graphics are solid and just breathtaking, the gameplay is as smooth as Bruce Willis's bald spot in The 5th Element. An steam workshop also? All I can say is beam me up Scotty, we can do it Captain this time we have the power.TL;DR: Game good. Combat fun. RPG Loot Funsies. Space much of. Do lots o' stuff. Very shiny graphs. Much impressed. You should buy it too."
76561198009172368,Recommended,236150,9949805,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sarogus,"So, you've played Freelancer, Wing Commander or Privateer. Its been years since these games were released and perhaps, for you, just like me, they left behind a massive void. I've leapt at EVERY space sim/rpg that been released in the hopes, that one day, they'll replace what I lost with Freelancer. Sadly they never did. So I saw this on the front page of Steam and thought, heres another disapointment. Well Starpoint Gemini 2...blew me away. This game is THE best space sim I've ever played and its in beta!!Beta will always be beta, that said, this game is solid. When you read the description and see theres only a dozen planets, don't be fooled. The galaxy is ♥♥♥♥ing huge. Absolutely enormous. Open world to boot. No loading screens. Just you, your ship and the stars. There are some absolutely amazing locations, zipping through asteroids, cruising the nebulas...its awesome.Theres a diverse choice of ships for you to cruise the stars with. Gunships, Corvettes, Frigates, Destroyers, Cruisers, Battleships, Dreadnaughts, Carriers, Freighters and freightliners. Each ship category has multiple choices and each of those choices allows you to build your ship in the fashion you want. Do you want a ship decked with heavy batteries, rain missiles and torpedos down on people. Do you want a majority of light batterries, decking your ship with railguns, beams or plasma cannons? Perhaps a ship that can deploy a large number of soldiers to board the enemy ship and take it over. Yea, you read that right. You can board an enemy ship, take it over and either destroy, loot it or sell it.Perhaps the trade life is for you, with a vast hold and fast engines to shoot you away from the pesky gunships. Trade hasn't been completely implemented atm. In Freelancer if you remember, you could see what planets were buying what for what price etc etc. That hasn't been implemented yet so you have to find them yourself. Perhaps your a miner at heart and want to reap the profits from those floating rocks. Go right ahead, blast away. If you want a huge yield you can buy missiles especially dedicated to obtaining larger yields.You can tailor your ship to fulfil what ever role you require. If you need more energy to fire you weapons, buy system attachments and upgrades to improve their energy reserves and recharge rates. Missing that little gunship too much, you can increase their accuracy or their damage against their shields. You can hack the enermy ship and disable their systems if thats the approach you like. You choose a career role. Each role has various abiliies for use that augment your fleet, turrets, shields, movement and various other cool things. Yea, thats right. You can build your own fleet to travel around the galaxy with you.Sounds perfect for a bounty hunter right? Your going to need it to tackle the toughest bounties in the galaxy. You track the bounties yourself and take them down. Be warned though, they aren't alone and they're prepared to fight.Seriously guys, I can't praise this game enough for what its doing. Yea, theres only free roam available atm but you can do WHAT EVER you want. Want to be a pirate, theres a huge array of choices for you and they're everywhere. You want to own your own carrier and deploy fighter wings, YOU ♥♥♥♥ING CAN!!! THIS GAME IS IN BETA and despite that, you can do soo damn much. I've crashed twice and that was in the first 2 hrs, since then, I haven't had a single problem. The galaxy is yours for that taking atm. I highly reccomend this game to all Freelancer, Privateer and Wing Commander fanatics. Even to those who are new to the scene. This game is so diverse and intricate in all its details...but god damn its so easy and simple to understand and master.This game is in on-going development, if its this good already, I can't wait till its finished!!"
76561198111832942,Recommended,236150,12271481,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,xxalexderwolfxx,"150+ Games in my account. This is the first one that makes me write a review:+Addictive Gameplay+Beautiful Graphics+Amazing Soundtrack+Awesome Community+Sleepless, highly motivated Devs that listen to this awesome community+/-There's no real ""Build your Empire"" aspect as in the X-Series (yet) (Since I loved Freelancer, I don't miss that though)-This game will reduce your social life to a minimum, Beware!So, If you played and loved freelancer in particular: Just GRAB IT!If you like space games in general: Take a close look, think about it, then GRAB IT!To all other gamers: IF you GRAB IT, this might become a gateway drug to space game addiction. You've been warned"
,Recommended,236150,7691938,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,FastJack,"======================================Starpoint Gemini 2(Updated review!)======================================**Don't Forget to Nominate this Game for the Steam Awards!**LGM Games’ successful debut title, Starpoint Gemini, an RPG tactical sim set in a unique SciFi setting was released in 2010. It was a great learning experience for them and it paved the way for their next game - Starpoint Gemini 2, the sequel. It entered Steam Early Access program in September 2013, and a year later after what most would consider one of the best Early Access communities on Steam, Starpoint Gemini 2 hit the shelves on Steam in Sep 26, 2014.On a personal note, I was honored to have been with such an amazing community. Both players and the Developers worked together so well that I myself strongly believe it was the best early access game on Steam! I made many friends and I truly enjoyed the journey...======================================Pros+Huge dynamic game world that can be explored as a whole!+Can play the story campaign or go free roam sandbox style.+Workshop with plenty of cool mods.+A ton of ships to fly and tweak!+Combat in big ships with fleets...+Did I say Mining? Yep, you can mine asteroids...+Very well done Faction system+You can Trade with a good amount of commodities+Developer support that sets a new standard+Best Community on Steam+Awesome Replay value!+Free content updatesConsNone really. Yea, the game is THAT good :-)Neutral+/- Average voice-overs (This is a good thing to me)======================================IntroductionStarpoint Gemini 2 is an action space-sim combined with diverse RPG elements. Control various space ships, ranging from small and agile gunships to lumbering, but deadly carriers. Explore, trade, mine asteroids, and research in a star system no longer hindered by loading points. The entire Gemini star system is now one giant area thanks to the implemented streaming technology. Gain experience and upgrade your skills to change the tide of even the fiercest space battles. Complex, but easy-to-use RPG system with skills and perks to customize as you see fit. This also gives great replay value, you can literally spend many many hours just trying different styles...======================================Game-playI have played EVE online, Elite Dangerous, and lots of other games in the space genre. Out of every space game in my Steam library, this is the one that keeps me coming back for more. Deep, immersive, beautiful. It is the perfect open space sandbox game. To elaborate, yes there is a story campaign mode that will guide you through the lore of the game. It does this via story-missions, in-fact at the start of a new game you can choose to play campaign or free roam(sandbox). A great feature is that even in the campaign you can do the story missions at your own pace. There is a great many of freelance and side missions.I played the first Starpoint Gemini so I was going into this quite excited, but you don’t have to play the original in order to enjoy this sequel anyway(They made the first one playable with the free DLC Starpoint Gemini 2: Origins). It is a space game all about exploring, mining asteroids, trading, capturing, and flying multiple ships and getting lost in a massive dynamic universe. It is the kind of space game I love to get lost in for long periods of time just roaming through space and immersing myself into the game world. This game certainly provides many ways to do it, such as gearing up a ship to go on a mining run. There is so much to do in this game it can get overwhelming at times. (But in a good way)When you first launch the game, you will be introduced with tutorial tip screens. These can, of course, be ignored, but I would strongly advise that you read everyone of them. The interface can be quite complex and there is many ways you can customize the ships so no need to go in blind by turning off the Tips!. You want to survive for more than ten minutes in space for your first captain. There is another matter I would like to clear up as well, this game is not EVE Online or Elite: Dangerous. It is a unique tactical space sim with exploration and missions. Many people including the Dev's would say that it is more comparable to Freelancer in all the good ways...Mastering the ship controls is not that easy at first, because there are a number of ways to view the action. There is the turret view which allows you to swing around the ship so you can track everything around your vessel, the mounted view which puts you just above the ship, and a third person view which puts you just behind the ship. All of them have their own advantages depending on the situation you may be in and half the battle is understanding when to use which view. It takes practice to master this when the combat gets hectic and you need to start switching rapidly between them. As ships have location based shields, being aware of what is attacking (and from where) can be the difference between life and death.This game really shines at immersing you into the life of a deep space merchant, miner, pirate, or whatever you prefer! There are so many options and the awesome guys at LGM have done a great job at making every path fun and viable. There is a ton of customization to help you really fill the role you choose as well. I personally spent several hours just looking at my options the first time I leveled up. Any hardcore RPG fan will have a ton of fun just building and tweaking their character and ship into their very own ultimate space hero... Or a feared pirate. So just let your imagination run wild.I mentioned customization earlier and this game has a ton of it. You can hire staff for your ship which affects its performance: For example, you might hire a crew member who increases your propulsion speeds. You have complete control over your equipment load-out and their enhancements. You can even customize the look of your ship to some degree. All of this is generally handled when you anchor yourself to a space station or planet. While docked, in addition you can buy and sell trade goods, read news clips, access a garage which houses your ships, and more. It sounds like a lot to deal with, but between all the tutorials, which are accessible at any time for reference, and the well-designed interface, you’ll have your hands around it in a reasonable amount of time.============================================================================ConclusionStarpoint Gemini 2 is a game for space lovers made by space lovers. This is by far one of the best open space games I played and it will delight you with its gorgeous visuals. There is a true sense of adventure as you discover new areas of the star chart, with opportunity and danger lurking around every corner so you are constantly encouraged to build yourself up in terms of power, wealth, and relationships with the various factions.LGM and its great team have created an instant classic that will be around for many years....======================================"
,Recommended,236150,12812308,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cobalt,"SHORT SUMMARY:Starpoint Gemini 2 is a bit shallow and a bit pricey for what it offers, but it is still enjoyable. Overall the story was okay enough to keep me going, and the combat was fun enough to make my stay in Gemini enjoyable. If you are itching for a space sim that is pretty easy to get into and doesn't require a large time commitment to win (around 24 in-game hours for me), this will scratch that itch pretty well. Otherwise, you may want to think carefully on buying this game unless it's on sale.However, the developers appear to be actively working on improvements to the game as time goes on. Some concerns raised in this article may be addressed as time goes on. Keep an eye on the updates page if you're interested in this product!----------LONGER REVIEW:The good:Visuals are nice, music is nice, starship aesthetics are good too, and the combat is solid. The universe feels big, and provides a pretty immersive experience of traveling through space. Said universe is also populated by various starships as well, usually around space stations and various other miscellaneous space structures. There are many different factions that like to use certain types of ships and lay claim to different areas of space, and you can easily see heated space battles taking place at faction borders. The HUD takes a little getting used to, but is pretty nice once you learn it.The game itself is a bit grindy as it uses RPG levelling mechanics to determine what ship you can pilot, but I personally didn't mind it that much since the combat was pretty fun.The not-so-good:The story is okay. The Voice Acting for the story dialogue ranges from terrible to okay.Side-story missions boil down to ""repair structure there for $$$ and XP"" or ""kill enemies here for $$$ and XP"" or ""ferry person over there for $$$ and XP"" with little fanfare. After you finish the main story, all you can do are the missions described earlier.During the main story, certain factions and places will be purportedly destroyed or crippled, but what this actually means is that you will just pretend that the story happened while in practice the universe remains largely intact and unchanged.Certain mechanics are a bit shallow (i.e. hiring crew = looking up which dude/gal has which bonuses, click hire button). Also, while you *can* be a merchant or asteroid miner in this game, it seems to be much eaiser just to capture enemy ships and tow them back to a planet/station where you can sell them.Character progression is RPG-like, yet character skills/perks can pretty much be ignored. Your character's power is MUCH more dependent on what type of ship you are piloting and how well it is outfitted. The RPG mechanics are more akin to a gating system, where your level determines the type of ship you can pilot.For me, the entire game was a bit grindy. This was how it went down: capture/sell ships until I can afford the next weight class of ship, do missions (sometimes main storyline) so I can meet the level requirement of said ship. Repeat until I have achieved highest class of ship.------Long segment about what I would have liked to have seen in the game:Multiple plotlines in the game.The ""Escape Velocity"" series of games (plot-heavy 2D shooter space-sim) implemented this rather well; there were multiple plotlines for each main faction AND there were also a lot of side plotlines too.Examples of side-plots: testing prototype weapons for a starship arms company, or ferrying vacationing CEOs to a jungle planet for big game hunting, or helping a rockstar go on tour throughout the galaxy only to discover that he's a robot! Or picking up a random stranger and ferrying him to a planet only to discover that he's a leader of a small sect of colonists who are trying to resist pirate incursions, and he implores you to help them with their plight since the Powers That Be in the universe are far too busy (or corrupt) to deal with the pirates.I didn't just do these missions for cash, but to see the story unfolded; to see how these characters reacted to these sometimes tragic events in their lives, and how they would deal with it.I think it's good to have a big Main Storyline as the main attraction, but there's plenty of room in Gemini for smaller guys with fascinating struggles and dramas in their own lives that an aspiring starship captain can be a part of.Being able to hail and talk to other ships and planets.You don't need to have dialogue trees for every one. But it'd be nice to be able to beg for mercy from a pirate and buy him off with credits, or just say hi to random ships and planets. In this vein, they'd also have a message for when you greet them, with each faction having a different way of talking to you. Perhaps even with a random pool of different types of responses from each faction that vary in tone depending on your standing with them? This is a bit small, but I think it would help with game immersion.The ships, planets, and space stations could use more flavor text.Though it might seem like a huge hassle to write up descriptions for every space station/planet/starship, you can build an EXTREMELY immersive narrative with these and make the game feel alive. Again, the ""Escape Velocity"" game series (mostly Escape Velocity Override and Escape Velocity Nova) used flavor texts/descriptions to great effect.Why is this station in the middle of nowhere and surrounded by hostile space? Are they revolutionaries or sympathizers with another faction, or are they just badasses? Why is this Frigate cheaper than this other one? Oh, the company that manufactures this one wanted to push out a model to get an edge over their hated rival company who was taking their sweet time with their own model. Hey, this Corvette saved an entire company from the brink of bankruptcy! This Carrier design looks like a UFO because of a revolutionary new frame that allows for rapid fighter launching while providing overlapping fields of fire from all of its turret batteries? Cool. This Dreadnought looks like a eldritch abomination because their designers desperately welded a lot of spare parts together and accidentally created a ship that could challenge all previous starship design conventions? Neat!Planets and some space stations presently have short descriptions with a little flavor text. But it doesn't help that these blurbs are only accessible via starmap. When a player is on the starmap, their first instinct is not to click ""info"" and read; they want to get somewhere quick. I think it would have been better if you saw the write-up in an unobtrusive static text box on the bottom of the screen. This provides incentive for an exploration-oriented player to land/dock on every planet/station that they find so they can see the little blurb there. These descriptions can really flesh out the factions and gives you an idea of why they exist and how they conduct themselves (i.e. how they treat citizens, local planetary economic problems, policy problems, military actions, natural disasters, etc.).Overall, more flavor text would be nice so that the universe that the player travels in would feel more alive.Also, it would be nice to have an in-game chart of which ranks correspond to player level."
,Recommended,236150,18519627,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,s | voxx,"I have been playing SG2 since EA (with many breaks in between...) and it is one of my favorite games in a long time. I've had a hard time getting into Elite, and SC is a long way out, but SG2 has filled the void admirably. I always loved space games and the WC/Privateer/Freespace trinity is pretty much my past.PROS:++ Best community on Steam. I own a lot of games and visit nearly all the forums - but this one is the best. Devs are active, the community is friendly and helpful, and some of it is satisfyingly weird (meep...) meep. MEEP.++ It's not overly complex. Which doesn't mean it's simple or dumbed down - it just means that you can jump right in and have a great time exploring space.++ Combat sequences can be exhilarating! I've been in many skirmishes that could have gone either way, frantically deploying sinks and coming around to line turrets up to open fire. Enemies coming in at all angles and PTE disrupted...++ With just a couple of mods (skyboxes and nebulas) the game can be breathtaking visually. I play with the lights off and the surround on and it is very easy to get lost in the moment.++ It's just fun. You can do a lot of different things with it and have a great time doing them. The voice acting is infamously fun bad, and the story is a kind of canned - but who cares, it's fun running through it all.++ Ultrawide!!! 3440x1440 - no problem and gorgeous!CONS:++ The economy is kind of not really there at all. I wanted to be a trader but the derelict mechanic made it more profitable and efficient to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥with scavenger bots. Which is kind of too bad, but it is what it is.++ Playing the campaign like it is freeplay means you will be so OP that every enemy the campaign throws at you will be trivial to weak. Wish there was more scaling here, but it's not so bad to destroy waves of ships with out much thought because you outclass them by a mile.++ The UI is kind of crap and it's all raster so you can't mod it out to be better.++ Once you've played for a while, you start to realize that there isn't enough ship variance to keep it interesting. Some ships are clearly better than others, and you just sort of play the game out with that ship until the next tier - and its obvious captain, become available to you.I give this game an honest 10/10, even with the cons because it is a space game that you really can fall into. It really only asks for your time and patience - and doesn't require twitch muscles to play at a high level. The fire at will mechanic is great for it's tactical benefit, and for me I like to think about positioning in the large scale battles, rather than target/fire and positioning. To some it might seem like an ""easy button"" but for me it really makes the game. (i'm old... ;) )"
76561198129320615,Recommended,236150,12990617,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,grexor,"Overall the game is pretty awesome, but it could use some polish.PROS:Nice variety of skills and perks available.Great variety of factions and areas of control.Good selection of ships.Can capture enemy ships.Like the blueprints idea.Like the compare weapons and ships.CONS:Traveling over 10 units takes a couple minutes.There are four equipment slots to use and only about four that I found were actually useful, ie. shield recharge, strengthen attack, scavenger bots, hull repairs.  Even then, I rarely ever use them.Crew members do not have special abilities, but rather only bonuses.  A single slot for a special crew member.  Assuming only one special member exists in the game and is almost impossible to gain because the blueprint takes 20.Blueprints are super difficult to find, but very rewarding IF you ever complete them before becoming near god strength already.  I completed one for a nice fighter hangar jet, but the rest remain far out of reach while I am practically invincible with all the best enhancements and warship.The only truly useful weapons in the game are rail guns and maybe missiles.  I say maybe missiles because they are only really useful if the shields are already down and rail guns can usually take care of it anyway.  Lasers are useless.  Plasma is too slow to be useful except for mining.Level 70 bounties are easy kills for a level 50 that has a good battleship with maximum upgrades.  I think I may have beaten one with the next class down at a lower level too because you can stay behind them and they cannot fire back.Travelling outside the known universe area leads to infinite enemies and loss of whereabouts on the map.  Travelling too close to the sun does the same thing except enemies will start to randomly die from heat damage.Cannot see what is on a captured ship until it is transferred to the garage and crew is transferred as well.  Crew losses will occur if the captured ship has less.There are three kinds of heavy weapons, but I failed to see any real difference in shockwave damage.Exploding ships nearby do no damage.Has lag and slowdowns most of the time.SUGGESTIONS:Make traveling without gates a little faster when in full engine mode.Make some artifacts that last indefinitely / bonuses or useables that fit in equipment slots.Change the decimal enhancement descriptions, eg. 0.5, with percentage values, eg. 50%.Please fix weapon range.  Bonuses are not being counted.Add a barrier on the edge of the map to prevent getting lost in the void.Give a warning for pending heat damage when getting close to stars.Show radiation areas on the map.Show map sections that are partially visible on the edges of the map.Allow transfer of weapons and cargo from ships in the garage without transferring crew.Make plasma weapons hurt shields more, but damage hull less.Make lasers damage both shields and hull with shield punchthrough for damaging systems.Make railguns work best on hull, and less on shields.Do a similar rock paper scissors with heavy weapons.Fix the pathfinding.Improve AI for wanted bounties."
,Not Recommended,236150,12298335,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Hobo Elf,"My initial reaction to the game was ""Wow, this looks like a massive sandbox space sim! Just look at how big the area map is and how many factions there are. I'll be playing the game for tens of hours!""Well, after a while I started to realize the game had lots of problems with being a LOT more shallow than what it promises at first. Setting aside the optimization issues and how easily the game can be prone to crashing, It boasts and impressive ~50 factions with a reputation system that ended up being nothing more than a glorified Good / Evil alignment system. If you do missions given out by the good factions you get +rep and they will be friendly to you an the evil ones will be hostile. Vice versa you do missions given to you by the bad guys and your rep shifts to their side making them friendly to you. Unfortunately that is as deep as the faction system goes. Factions don't change opinions as they are completely static.The static factions leads me to the next problem. The whole world is static. There is absolutely NO sim element in this game to speak of. The game has NO economy, NO dynamic factions, NO dynamic world events. When we speak of sandbox you think of open worlds with things to do in them, but all it is here is the same map as the campaign, just without the campaign missions. Since the game lacks an economy and dynamic factions it makes trading all but a dull and soulless experience. Also, since the world isn't dynamic, there is no real territory control for the factions either. I mean they have their own territories, but they are completely set in stone. You cannot capture territories for the differenct factions. This leaves you with the same Assassination, Taxi, Cargo ferry and Repair missions to grind over and over and over again.How is the combat then if the other aspects are non-existant and hollow? Well, the combat is rather decent, but what kills it for me is how the game is level scaled. Each time you level up so do your enemies. After certain points their ships get upgraded. If you do like me and other people may have done and only grinded missions for money and XP you'll quickly find yourself in a situation where you don't have enough money to upgrade your ship but you are starting to be too weak to do missions and half the time you simply have to turn around and go away since the RNG pitted you against enemies that simply outclass you. This can be avoided if you salvage derelict ships for parts or capture them and sell them, but then it means that the level scaling system is balanced if you play in a certain way which is horrible, horrible balance in a game that claims to be a sandbox. Simply put if you aren't maximizing your money gains per level then you'll find yourself running into some issues.It just isn't a good game in the end of the day, and it certainly is no sim either, which is what I was lead to believe. There are no simulations happening behind the scenes, everything is static. The game is hardly an open world sandbox either. It seems to be a loose term that gets thrown around a lot these days. It's a sandbox world if all you had was the big open box without any of the sand in it to be shaped and sculpted by your hands. The game COULD be good, because the flying around, the skill system, the ships, the combat etc. feel good and are fun, but the content within the world is non-existant, unless you want to count repeating Kill X (Assassination and Rescue missions but both work the same. In rescue missions it means that you have to save an NPC ship, but so far they have served as reliable allies that help me take down the enemy ship faster rather than someone who needs help), Fetch Y (there is fetching and delivering cargo and serving as a taxi for VIP, but it works the same mechanically for either mission type so it's only different by name) and Repair Z (there's also Scanning anomalies as missions, but mechanically it works the exact same way as repairing so there is no real difference here either) missions as robustful content."
,Recommended,236150,31396920,Posted: 27 April,all,Horus,"I don't understand the mitigated reviews on this game.  It is wonderful.This is the only space pilot game I know of that doesn't require 4 hands with 8 fingers each for all the controls.  The control scheme itself is pure genius and enough to count as an innovative, never-seen-before feature.I won't describe it in detail, I will only say it works really well and all you need are a few keys on your keyboard and a mouse.Preferrably a mouse with more than 2 buttons, but any decent gaming mouse in 2017 has at least 7 buttons counting pressing down the mouse wheel.  But you won't need them all, either.Anyway, on to the game itself... This is a space-sim action-rpg. I know, right? How many games fit into that category?  Either way, this is another way this game innovates and has its unique flavor.The campaign is engaging, and there are characters you can relate to.  There are multiple factions, some of which have their own territory, some don't.  You can't be friends with everyone, so yeah, you'll be choosing sides and living (and dying) by those choices.The atmosphere, sound effects and music, graphics, are all immersive and just right.Frankly, I don't know what more people could possibly want out of a space-sim action-rpg game.I'll take off 1 point for the universe not being as interactive as I would like, and I'm really picky.So 9/10 for this gem!  Worth every penny!"
76561198006323337,Recommended,236150,12247798,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,sbest67,"OK. this is awesome!! Think Eve Offline. From mining to full combat you are not constrained in any way, you can be a pirate, trader, miner, fighter, merc, whatever you want to be!"
76561198046734868,Recommended,236150,12262415,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,virikas,"This is from a post I did on the forum and decided to add it here following a suggestion to do so.SPG 2 The Good, the Bad, Oh God the InsanityIf you’re on the fence as to whether you should get this or not it will all come down to what you are looking for in a ‘space’ game.This is not Eve Online so get that out of your head. Seriously, if you want EO you’ll need to go log into EO. There is no online multiplayer, no gate camping players, no griefers and no gankers.That being said, this game offers something EO and many others, online or not, have simply forgotten or just don’t care about. Interactive Devs.Yep, you read that correctly. The Devs are extremely active in the forums. I’d hazard a guess and say 99% of all issues, questions, comments etc. are answered near instantly.They take concerns very seriously and look for ways to address them as quickly as possible, faster even it seems.While this isn’t to say other Devs aren’t around, personal experience has shown they just don’t answer, are too busy, don’t care and on more than one occasion… are downright obnoxious and rude.So +1 for Dev support seemingly 24hrs a day every day…Community… holy crap, where to begin…There are a lot of helpful people. One or two I have noticed try to step in when the Devs FINALLY get some sleep. This doesn’t mean there aren’t more filling in those roles, only that I can’t read, re-read, and re-re-read each and every post over and over to see who is filling those roles. Though, I will admit, sometimes the forum reading is an exercise in hilarity.Serious questions for the most part get serious answers. Once in a while they spiral out of control with loose jokes, odd references and such, though more or less after the issue has been handled.Remember the active Devs from earlier? Yeah… they contribute too.Don’t be surprised to find one or more of them plowing into your thread to partake of whatever silliness is afoot. Oh yes, my friend, they are characters indeed.On the whole, the community is developing into a large group of knowledgeable friendly people looking to help out any way they can. Yes, some can be offended easily, but I have yet to see an all-out flame war like everywhere else. In fact, most people just apologize if they upset someone and move on, including myself.So +1 for a truly friendly and helpful community.Graphics…Nothing that will stress your system too terribly. High end or low end, it seems everyone can find a setting that fits the bill and allows them to play. I have seen one or two instances where certain systems (read Laptops) refuse to allow the game to run, but I have yet to see more than those.Even then, the Devs are still trying to figure out how to get it working on those couple of problem machines. Interesting, since most would just tell you that your system doesn’t have what it takes and to go get something bigger.All in all, the graphics are very nice indeed. Nothing mottled, disjointed or misaligned. No missing pixels here and there or stand in objects for missing items.So +1 there for that…NPC’s…What do you expect? They are NPC’s. They shoot at you, they kill you and they keep doing it. Unless you kill them first, in which case, they die rather well and don’t whine about it. I seem to remember an account of griefing done by NPC’s, though I believe that was a one-off. Funny though.They get tougher as you progress through the game. Different levels, different types and different areas. They fight each other if they are opposing factions and will turn on you if you are low enough rep with one, or both. In which case, run.So I give a +1 for good NPC mechanics.Missions…Lots of them. They are everywhere in both aspects of the game. Free play or Story line there are tons. Decent rewards for the time invested as far as I can tell, probably a bit too decent considering some missions you just have to click a button and repair something.I’ll give a +1 here too.Storyline…For as much as I have done, it progresses well. Seems to have substance and a bit of plot for as far as I have gotten.But…It is buggy. Missions sometimes fail out. Sometimes you overshoot a zone and they get canceled, dropping you out of the storyline and into free play mode. Other times, you just crash out of the game.They are working on the bugs as fast as they are made aware of them and that helps out a lot. More often than not, you can just reload from a save point and try to continue.No points for this one, still needs work.Mods…There are more than a few. Something for everyone I suppose. Uber ship, got it. More money, got it. Star Trek themed ships, go those too.From Star Trek to vastly improve (overpowered) beginning station inventories, there is something to fit most everyone.The game has a mod community growing faster than the game itself. Even at least one mod I saw that will completely change the game to Mass Effect themed ships and even a new storyline that appears to be in the works.The Devs seem to support unlimited, no holds barred modding.So definitely +1 here.Oh, lest I forget...Community input...Look in the game. Look at achievements and improvements. You will see all the signs of active community involvement that has been taken seriously. (mostly)Yeah, +100 and some Oreos for all you community peoples that report bugs, request content changes and overall general improvements.All in all, for me, this has been one hell of a ride… and it’s just beginning. The game is only getting better and more is on the way.If you’re on the fence, get off it. Buy the game and join the fun in the community.And the insanity? Glad you asked...There are the elite few who can claim this. They watch you at home while you play. They see you in your boxers. They wear your boxers, like I am right now. The Devs are part of this group, I know one, whom I shall leave nameless, who has watched me in my boxers. Yes, some of us are insane... And that is the fun of it all.Sincerely,VirikasP.S. +1000 to the Devs for allowing us to be insane, taking us seriously when needed and for being on top of everything, everywhere, all at once, every day... always.Now... which one of you took my boxers, Meep."
,Recommended,236150,15832944,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Whitey,"This game has come a long way since its beginning and it's still going strong. For me personally it went to overwhelmingly frustrating to awesomely enjoyable. The devs are super responsive and really care about the community. Keep in mind this is a tactical combat sim with trading aspects. There is a living economy, but personally I never paid any attention to it.Destroy enemy ships, capture enemy ships, loot enemy ships, grapple enemy ships, hack enemy ships. Do whatever it takes to defeat the enemy. Expansive map with plenty of variety to keep you exploring. Ships, officers, mercenaries, trading opportunities, weapons, weapon enhancements, system enhancements, equipment, etc.This game is an awesome space game in terms of what its selling point is: a tactical combat RPG space sim."
,Not Recommended,236150,17176507,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Paulotron,"Well...the game looks nice but is actually quite boring. Here is why:1. Unengaging storyThe story consists of a lot of text (white on color, not very legible) and really really atrocious voice acting (which sometimes just cuts out). There are so many factions with text descriptions I did not bother to read all of them. Honestly I did not understand half of it because I have not played the predecessor. The game did not present its universe in an engaging way.2. Simple missionsThe free missions are all randomly generated but they consist  of either go to A and kill / capture or go to A and scan / repair (same menu button) or go to A and transport to B.The campaign missions are the same. Go to A and usually kill everything there...done. Sometimes you need to ferry stuff. But the whole involvement is detached. You arrive...the game cuts to sequence and some voice acting..suddenly to reappear with enemies around...you kill them...cut to the next short scene...done. There is no drama, no real action, no emotional involvment. I did not respond emotionally to the characters, who are just pictures with horrible accents.Trading and mining is a horrible grind if you like it. It is certainly helpful in the beginning but not worth your time later on. Just take the ""kill pirates"" mission and blast everything to hell.Once I got capturing ships down...I had so much money I could have bought ships that were not yet unlocked for my character level.3. Simple combatUsually you fly somewhere, click F for ""Fire at will"" and maneuver a bit around. There is not much strategy involved. Starfleet Command or Space Empires Starfury had more interesting combat. Manal aiming is cumbersome because you can't really see the ships at longer ranges and there is no help with aiming. Due to the turret placement your shots might not go where your reticle is...so automatic fire it is most of the time.Also medium difficulty is way to easy. I had a destroyer that could easily defeat a dreadnought without breaking a sweat (loosing shields).4. technical stuffAlthough the combat is in 3D the star sector is actually in 2D. The map is in 2D. You can fly ""up"" and ""down"" but it feels like all planets and stations are on the same plane. It is not a globe but rather a ""thick"" square.Flying around especially in the beginning is tedious because jumpdrives or jumpgates are way too expensive and when you have the money to buy jumps you can get a perk that allows you free use of the jump gate system.After about 10 hours the game just felt like a grind to get better ships and more weapons and do all the story missions (usually just killing enemies). It simply got boring."
,Not Recommended,236150,24832547,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zaayl,"I like this game, I do, but 35$ I feel is too steep for what it offers. At first I thought this game was like Mount and Blade in space, with so many factions, different types of outposts, and skills oriented to being a leader. That however is not the case, the game is more or less a dungeon crawler RPG without the dungeons.The story is fairly bland, and frankly the voice acting of the main character is so outright awful I had to turn off dialogue volume, and I just quickly got bored with the story missions.Theres no real ""looting"" and going out of your way to be a merchant king through cargo hauling is a waste of time, the early portion of the game is farming money to get better ships, once you have better ships you just capture enemy ships for quick cash and farm levels. Looting ships for weapons is a waste of time, as all stations are static and theres no random element to their inventories, simply fly to the station selling the best weapon of your chosen class, and buy it, everything quickly becomes a monotony of going from X to Y and repeating.The biggest issue I have with the game is saving, the save system is abysmal. You can only save while anchored at a planet or base, if you arrive at a friendly base and find it swarming with enemies (in some sectors this happens constantly) you can find yourself trapped in a prolonged battle, or killed, when all you wanted to do was save the game and go have dinner.You cant side with factions, or take over stations, or influence anything, so dont expect any depth with the politics of the world, you are either ""good"" or ""bad"" and that determines who is friendly, nuetral, or hostile. Good being the vast majority of the galaxy. So the dozens of factions in the game, may as well be two factions.""Commanding a fleet"" isnt as exciting as I hoped either, its not so much a fleet, as you having two hirelings, hence part of my comparison to the game as a dungeon crawler.There is plenty of good though, the actual gameplay is fun, you are more captain than pilot, you configure power usage, set speed, battles arent about quick manuevering so much as overwhelming firepower and good positioning. In a star wars example, you are piloting a Star Destroyer, rather than a Tie Fighter. (fighter squadrons are in fact a system on later ships) Just be sure to go over the controls, I spent far too long without realizing you could activate automated fire.Bounties are probably my favorite aspect, unlike most games, bounty targets arent static, you start the game with a full list of bounties, and they move around the galaxy on their own, when you choose to hunt them you have to go by ""last spotted"" information and attempt to cut them off. These are also the most challenging fights available, and shouldnt be taken lightly.After a while though I begin questioning my goal, Its not difficult to get better equipment, at least not after a certain point, and the only thing you have to upgrade is your ship. A uninteresting campaign that I cant be bothered to finish? The bounty targets to award money I dont really need? Side missions that are much the same as the main missions?This game could be improved by aspects of strategy (something I think Warlords addresses, though the game is very very early access so I dare not bother with it yet.) and aspects of procedural generation. Non static stores, to put more of a emphasis on looting (Perhaps ships produced by that faction are much, much more expensive, but always available and the randomly generated ships are cheaper, like buying a new car vs. used car.) and procedurally generated weapons Diablo style. A star system you can purchase as a home base, to build your own colonies, defenses, shipyards to give you more to do than just upgrade your ship.The game has so, so, so much potential, and the team that worked on it seem dedicated and helpful to their community, the framework is here for a game unlike any other, and I am excited by where the team goes with warlords once its finished. If you can nab this for $20 or less, do it. But in the end, whats that phrase? A mile wide, a inch deep."
76561197984369484,Recommended,236150,19513142,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cinn,"** A gorgeous space game marred by painful lore elements.**[[Recommendation comes with strong suggestion to play in sandbox mode only]]This game was an odd experience.  The longer I played it, the less I liked it.When it started, it took me back to the wonder of games like Privateer.  Sandbox, big galaxy, lots of options.  And it's really gorgeous, from the ships to the planets to the nebulous backgrounds.  Some of space stations look oddly low-res compared to everything else, but that's minor.However, things went downhill when I started to follow the main story campaign.  The voice acting is truly atrocious, and the writing isn't much better, from the minor (bad grammar) to the median (dialogue) to the major (an incoherent plot with characters whose motives don't seem to correspond to events).  And when you get to a more difficult mission that you have to try several times, the lack of any button to skip the dialogue becomes truly unforgivable.Speaking of retrying, there are several design decisions that make sense on their own, but quickly become annoying when you have to replay a mission because it's difficult or bugged (like the infamous mothership mission).  First, you can save only at stations or planets.  OK, there's a sort of 'realism' sense to that.  Second, there's a lot of empty space between points of interest.  That actually worked for me at first, because it added to the sense of scale and exploration.  But when you have to retry a mission and reload to find you are about a 5 minute cruise from the action -- and then remember that you'll have to sit through 3 more minutes of unskippable community theatre auditions when you get there -- it gets really difficult to stick with it for the next attempt.There were also a number of minor annoyances, like the fact that missions seem to get reset when you load a game (so if you pick up someone or something to deliver, you must do it before you end your current session or forever have that passenger or item in your non-cargo inventory), some inscrutable elements, several mechanics that seemed incomplete, and a handful of crash bugs.I think there are the ingredients of a good game here, with a good core and beautiful graphics, but the lore side of things really lets those elements down.  Perhaps the best strategy would be to ignore the story and play only in sandbox mode."
,Recommended,236150,20263520,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,rmz,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a space trading and combat game, think Elite or EVE. You fly around a vast galaxy, smaller than in EVE or Elite though, doing missions, trading, mining, bounty hunting, etc. Captain your ship and level your captain in a RPG-like fashion.I turned to SG2 for that EVE Online fix. I would call it a simplistic EVE, but it's still very good to scratch that EVE itch. You can forget about the RPG system, it's so simplistic, but the rest is a full fledged space game. The game's looks take a little getting used to, coming from sharp and shiny EVE or Elite gfx, but after a while it grows on you and flying around the galaxy is as fun as usual.Getting through the story and all dlcs can take about 50 hrs, then there's some additional hrs if you want to replay SG story in SG2 engine, and then there is freeroam. Freeroam will not be so fun after completing everything as your ship will obliterate everything that the game throws at you, but still, 50-70hrs of game time looks quite amazing considering you can get this on sale.I liked:* quite a large map* lots of different ships* large amount of weapons and enhancements* flying in space shooting / trading / uncovering stuff!I disliked:* capturing ships is the only way to go if you want to make big bucksGet this:* if you're looking for EVE Offline and don't mind simpler experience* if you want to fly in space and pew pew stuffDon't get this:* if you're looking for complex space sim"
76561198031554596,Recommended,236150,12243405,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,LiMiT™,"The next best thing if you want something similar to Eve and Freelancer. More arcade-ish Sci-Fi space shippy RPG. Start with a small gunship, make your way up to dreadnoughts and carriers by trading, doing freelancer missions like repairing a damaged space station, transporting a VIP from A to B, getting commodities to a planet or scanning anomalies, or just hunt criminals in hopes to get a huge bounty. The game is beautifully done, has a large selection of ships and weapons, the combat is fun although some say the camera is a bit slow, and there's a lot to do in it. Buy it! Throw money at the devs!!!! DOIT!"
,Recommended,236150,12251767,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ExcessivelySalty,"I must preface this by saying, I don't write many reviews at all, but when I do though, it means I really enjoy the game.This game reminds me a lot of the X3 games, but the interface is a bit easier to get a grasp on.Pros:- Mod support- Great music, think Mass Effect & EVE Online style.- You can be anyone you want, and do whatever you want, there's a campaign mode, and freeform mode.- Nice interface.- Beautiful graphics.- Runs smooth, haven't experienced any crashes.- Combat is fun.- Controller support.- There's a large selection of ships & weapons, and you can upgrade your ship.- All of the above points help with immersion, you really feel like you are in space driving your own ship.- The developers work hard and are engaged with the community.  They do have their own forums where they answer questions, etc.Cons:- Space can be a bit lonely at times, but, it is space after all.TL;DR - If you're looking for a game that is part X3, part Eve Offline that can also serve as a stopgap until Star Citizen & Elite Dangerous, you could do a lot worse than this game, especially when you consider the game is currently only $28.8/10"
,Recommended,236150,31886540,Posted: 21 May,all,Cookynator,"I'll just start off by saying I love this game. For all its faults and flaws, it is undoubtably a hell of a lot of fun. It's an open world, with so much going on that you're never short of anything to do. The story is decent, if nothing spectacular, but in getting away from that and forging a career for your captain, that's where the best of this game lies. You can do so much, from being a miner, to a pirate to playing Dora the space explorer to a mercenary. Hell, you can be all of those at once. I've clocked up a full day of play time on this game and feel I've only scratched the surface of what it has to offer.Pros:- Open world with many options to do things- Good leveling, balance and progression (most of the time)- Easy to use controls- SO MUCH TO DO!!!!- Decent graphics and a good selection of ships that both look and play in different styles- Easy to make money and progress, without it ever being too easy or too grind-y- Did I mention there's a lot you can do in this game?- The difficulty curve is well sorted and always gives you a sense of achivement without ever making anything too hardCons- UI can be a bit of a faff and it's easy to miss important things in combat until it's too late- Tutorial leaves a lot out and you have to figure quite a bit out as you go along (Not a problem so much as a downside to the large amount of content and devs clearly trying to avoid a bloated and OTT tutorial, just be aware you have to use your brain and think outside the box and read through the controls and manual sometimes)- Not a great game if you want something on rails that will hold your hand- Sometimes you spend 5 to 10 minutes sitting around as your ship flies from point to point- Occasionally has an air that it could have been even better than it isIn short a very good space sim that was everything I've always wanted a space sim to be. It manages to balance a good deal of content against lots of options without ever being bloated. It draws together all the core stuff you'd expect in a space sim into a very good package, and it keeps me coming back for more!8/10"
,Recommended,236150,32837226,Posted: 26 June,all,The Friendly Necromorph,"A truly fun game. SPG2 takes a lot of the best aspects of space simulators and combines that with high-paced, massive-ship combat, as well as a handful of RPG elements. There are skills and perks (that you gain by leveling primarily) that make you a better killing machine, and ships to compliment every style of play. You can be a trader just trying to make an honest buck, or you can take to piracy and capture and sell (or pilot) victim ships. There's also a reputation system among the factions, and there's a faction to support every style of play as well.The game certainly has its downsides. Loading in new areas is a little clunky, with the game occasionally stuttering, and the backdrop very suddenly changing, but these can be easily overlooked and foreshadowed by the great gameplay. Other than that, there are few downsides I can actually spot. Like some RPGs, enemies do scale with the area they're in. While their level will match yours (plus or minus a few levels), the NPCs in tougher areas will fly tougher ships, and this can sometimes hinder progress in the main storyline.Much like games of the same type, there is a good deal of down time where you're not really doing a whole lot, or you're just travelling. However, the game manages to strike a nice balance in that you'll often spend as much, or even more, time actually taking on missions or chasing bounties.Overally, while I certainly have my gripes about the game, that isn't a long enough list for me to not love this game, and the pros heavily outweigh the cons in every department. And, for those of you who may see this as a pro, you don't need to have played the first game to understand the story of this one. However, they did port the first game into this one as a free DLC."
,Recommended,236150,13134815,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,FattyMcFatfat02,"Loved this game. Felt like Privateer 2 without the cutscenes and sadly missing Clive Owen with Christopher Walkins :-( Freelancer should've been more like this. SG2 is a lot more open world than Freelancer which has its advantages and disadvantages. Personally, I found it purely an advantage. Unlike Privateer 2 and Freelancer you can truly just be a merchant if you want and switch effortlessly to being a badass kill everything murder ship at any space station/planet. Sometimes it's just the little things that make you happy... The graphics are great, the music not annoying, the abundance/ease of quickly accepting missions is a serious plus, and most importantly the flexibility of the game to allow someone the ability to play  the game how they want w/out the need of trainers, cheat codes, or cheat engine.Just like in the real world there are easy ways to make a quick buck with minimal returns or riskier methods that garnish heavy monetary rewards. I love that this game isn't afraid to make the playing field drastically uneven when it comes to rewards. Harder, almost always (there are times you get lucky/learn to exploit advantageous situations), means greater rewards! Learning the in game market is very beneficial. But it gets better, should you disagree w/me all you have to do is download any of the many mods and change how the game mechanics work. This game is a literal win-win. Small minor bonus pluses that I think are worth mentioning are; 1.) Achievements actually give you in game bonuses 2.) Blueprints that give better stuff that can't be bought 3.) Bounty hunting ( this is a mixed bag. this system could better implemented but I'll be damned if i didn't end up hunting everyone down!) 4.) Buying of certificates/licenses (w/game money and not real money) that give-in game bonuses for no other reason but to make the game fun (personally, I think it could have been better implemented but I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥was excited to find a new one!). 5.) A good array of ships to pick from (potentially unlimited if you count mods... Just saying...) 6.) Personally, I found the system upgrade gimmick confusing at 1st but once understood, it opens the door to a lot of options that becomes unlimited if you include modding (just saying...).No game is perfect and this one isn't either. This is the disadvantage section of SG2. SG2 has some pretty poor optimization problems. 4-5 years ago my PC was a champ so it's aged a bit meow. Still, w/the level of graphics/visuals/objects it should run better. Especially since the video/graphics adjustment is bugged/non-functional. It's only a moderate complaint because the game allows mods and several are designed to reduce the toll taken on your PC. The rest of the comaplaints are mild at best because all are easily adjusted w/mods or are drastically overshadowed by the game's massive, bulging, make you scream in your pillow as you take it awesomeness so here goes- 1.) The voicovers are almost all a joke. They're done w/the stalest emotion possible. 2.) The story is kinda flat. Open ended games are prone to this a lot so it obviousley shouldn't be a huge unseen problem here. The game brings up interesting things here and there so kudos for the Devs for trying but it is still kinda... ummm... blah most of the time (kudos for the DEVs for doing such a good job to make the game so fun I really didn't care!)In short, my complaints are minimal at best and I had countless hours of fun playing it. I found it quick and easy to learn and SG2 left a lot of options for me to explore for future play throughs. I can't ask a game to do more than that but w/mods this game could be literally different everytime I played. I got it on sale and felt like I stole something. I would have happily paid full price and been more than content. This game is awesome, WOOF!"
,Recommended,236150,9917079,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Karllen,"As a long-time fan of the great grandfathers of space trading, exploration and combat games, (Elite, Wing Commander, Privateer). I am always on the lookout for a game of this genre that has the feel and enjoyment these classics gave.Starpoint Gemini 2 goes a long way to bringing back those days in a modern, eye pleasing, fun package that is not overly complex like some of the modern games ( later X Series, EVE Online) which although are great games and in many ways superior, probably due to much larger budgets, leave me feeling like I have just sat the final papers to a master’s degree.Starpoint Gemini 2 which is still in beta at time of writing this review, shows great promise and I eagerly look forward to the future updates and release of this enjoyably challenging game.I hope to add additional updates to this review as new releases come out and I explore the game further."
76561198022579375,Recommended,236150,12272840,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Romm,"Well-made hybrid of SG1 and Freelancer. with light RPG elements on top.Pros+Vast selection of ships from fighters to dreadnaughts and carriers+Engaging combat+diverse systemsCons-Lack of persistent objects. You won't see ships traveling from one system to another, because they are always generated when you enter a system.-There is like 30 factions, but reputation system is two-dimensional. So when you help one faction you improve/worsen relation with the rest of them.-Below average performance.7/10 (8 of 10 if the they fix bugs and improve optimization), worth buying if you are into space genre. If you are not, you can wait for Christmas sale, a lot of things should be fixed by then."
76561198019928788,Recommended,236150,7769710,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,breeze,"The playstyle is an assorted combination of the Freelancer + tactical elements of Star Wolves + diversity of EV Nova + some good original ideas on top.Do you remember that feeling of excitement when you discover something, something that makes you feel more alive? I feel a deep immersion when playing this game which is so rare nowadays (even in alpha state atm (nov 2013), with only a basic features present). The devs put a part of their souls into creation of this, I feel it in all those small details here and there. I'm looking forward for a release, and quite positive that anyone who loves ""space sims"" won't be disappointed with this game, especially with such a good modding support."
,Recommended,236150,7753362,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kris Jay,"Very good game for being in ALPHA - quite a lot has been implemented to keep you busy, and the best part is the full support for modding!I was looking for a space game that could keep me interested, and I found it with Starpoint Gemini 2.Fun game mechanics with a nice RPG twist.I recommend you go check it out, and if it tickles your fancy, buy a copy before the price increases!"
76561198026069206,Not Recommended,236150,13120168,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GrogGeneral,"I wish I hadn't bought this game. I loved Freelancer and thought it would be something similar but boy was I wrong.This game lacks any atmosphere and feeling of a space-traveling universe. Docking at stations and visiting stations is one of the most disappointing events I ever encountered in a space game. There is no radio chatter, no clearance for docking; you never hear anybody over radio nor do you see more than one or two ships (even near well populated planets!). This game feels so incredibly dead and empty, that travelling and exploring just simply isn't any fun at all. It all feels so static. Add to that that planets and stations you visit are not animated but all just have a static, bland screensaver in the background of dull buying menues. There are no bars or other places that give you the feeling of really setting a foot on a place. Rather it all feels so incredibly generic and it doesn't get better if you add the boring ""go there and kill pirate x""-missions that we all have seen way too often now.This game is nowhere near Freelancer and if you look for something like that, you will most likely be as disappointed as I am. This is a sad and empty game and I would be careful to get carried away by the positive albeit misleading reviews here."
,Recommended,236150,12310549,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FoxTwo,"TL;DR version - GET IT! Fun as heck! Some minor issues and bugs but devs are hard at work on fixing them!Ok as far as space games go, this is ""easy to get into"" and ""fun"" to me. Easy once you actually READ the tutorial tips and understand how it all works. And it's fun cuz I found myself needing to ""just go over to that next unexplored sector"" to see what's there.However, you can't compare this game to another game like X, or Star Citizen, or Elite Dangerous. It's like asking if Diablo 3 is like Skyrim - they simply can't be compared fairly. The only thing in common between this game and the game you want to compare to is just that the action takes place in ""space"". How it makes the gameplay fun is different from the one you want to compare to.If you want to ask ""Does it have <this feature> like <the other game you want to compare to>?"", don't. Go back and read my previous comment.What I can tell you is that this game feels like an RPG more than a Space Combat game. There is a story. You upgrade your weapons and armour. You kill your enemies and loot their corpses (derelict wrecks). You use what is better than yours and you sell what is not. See? Just like an RPG.You can do some trading, but I don't concentrate on it like I would have in X or Elite Dangerous. In the end, the question is - does it make you feel that you want to play this more? Does it make you want to see what happens next?The answer is YES for me."
,Recommended,236150,12591125,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,b4a.jgrahl,"I recommend this game because of the followingThe minor bugs are actively being fixedThe devs are responding on the forumsExplorationSpace feels large, but it's only one solar systemPlenty of travel shortcutsThe map has to be uncovered by visiting each sectorThere is, sort of, an autopilot for easy travel to a waypointCombatCombat is funAuto-fire if you don't feel like aimingThe controls work well, controller supportGraphicsThe visuals look good (DirectX 11)All of the screenshots are from the in-game engine, not works of art.The planet-side artwork is niceThe space stations and ships are varied and have styleThe game is well polishedSimple user interfaceEquipment and LootThe ship fitting is pretty simpleThere are multiple types of ships, weapons, and multiple styles to choose fromThere is a collect all button to make looting quickThere is a quick way to sell everything in your cargo holdOtherYou can do more than just shoot other shipsYou can choose free-roam instead of doing a campaignYou can crash into a planetAchievements with in-game bonusesIt's able to be moddedEasy to learnMusic and sound is goodIt's not complicated, but I am also a fan of complicated gamesWhat's bad about it? Not much, just things I personally prefer.  Others might consider some of these to be ProsNo multi-player optionsNo empire to buildFreelance missions do not have much variety.The officer system is a little strange.  You can only hire them in their original location, they go home when you fire them, then you have to fly back there to hire them again.You can't equip ships unless you are piloting them.  This can cause you to lose crew or be forced to sell cargo.You might like Starpoint Gemini 2 if you like these games. Freelancer, X3-series, Eve Online, and space based games in general"
76561198023026505,Recommended,236150,14335908,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CannonFodder,"A good game that could have been a great game.After several hour of play the missions quickly get repetitive. Trading and mining get boring even quicker. The real challenge of the game is capturing enemy ships (and it is the only way to make enough money to advance in the game).The faction system didn't much much sense to me, and didn't seem very important as it was just goodies vs badies in the end.Near the end game there was nothing to spend your cash on. The weapons at the end of the game really aren't much better than what you get 20% into the game.The game crashes from time to time, but not enough to ruin the game thanks to the auto-save feature. It is a 32bit only game and seems to run out of virtual RAM. The developers should have also included a 64bit executable in the install package.So, good fun for maybe 20 hours.Some suggestions as to what would have made this a great game.- Some ship customisation (and why can't I see the weapon arcs)- More variety in the  enemy ships (maybe some boss ships)- Some random system wide events. Not just random pirates- The hacking (and anti-hacking) features making some sense. I didn't get hacked ever, but had zero protection.- More high end weapons and gear- The galaxy having low and high level sections rather than being seemingly mostly uniform. At the moment sectors are either friendly or impossibly hard.  I never found any netural sectors."
,Recommended,236150,23697623,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,VESS,"(8/10)Pros:-Freelancer 2.0-Capitol ships.-Ability to capture vessels and own them or sell them.-Ability to lead a small fleet-Simple control scheme, complex battle needs.-Runs perfectly smooth for my mid grade computer-Story line is not overly complex and compels you to keep upgrading your ship/fleet/character in order to surviveCons:-Some dlc quests may get bugged if you load all DLC at start of a save.  Forums have workarounds to help solve issues though-Capturing ship to sell profit far out scales all other methods of profit (trade, mining, missions, etc) and after a playthrough of a character/ship tuned for this method, all other methods feel like roleplay, comparatively.Starpoint Gemini 2 is a game extremely like Microsoft's Freelancer however instead of a choice of around 10* fighter sized ships (in vanilla freelancer), you will be getting a plethora of capitol sized ships from transports, frigates, cruisers, destroyers, and so on up to carrier and dreadnaught.  Titan class if you get that dlc too.Gameplay wise the game features easy controls to help you manage power towards shields, weapon batteries, and thrust, and you will be required to fluctuate this power as the game progesses and the needs of battle and speed get more intense.I found the ui and gameplay to be very good.  This game has been the best open space trader sim that I've played on steam yet.Late game battles can be intense and even if you power through tens of ships at a time, you will need to be vigilant in your positioning, use of power, and abilites."
,Not Recommended,236150,22598402,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mordamir,"Pros:+ Beautiful game; very nice to look at!+ Lots of small interesting mechanics and ideas, such as boarding other ships, hacking their systems, etc.+ Mining and trading are well implemented, although it's very hard to get rich through either+ Plenty of unique ship designs and overall great attention to art+ Very decent music and sound effectsCons:- Boring story- Abysmal voice acting- No multiplayer- Excessively combat-focused (good luck getting rich as a merchant)- easter egg hunt (in a space sim? sigh, okay)- only one star system, seems limited for a space sim- the prices for using the jump gates are insane, get your podcast playlist ready and have fun trucking through space- lack of animations for entering or leaving stations/planets (yeah this one is a bit nitpicky)- placing stations and artifact containers right next to riftways is borderline sadistic- what REALLY pushed me away from this game:WELCOME TO USER INTERFACE HELL!oh my god, this game's interface makes me want to stick puppies in a blender!--> fifty thousand menus that don't give you all the information you need--> 'why can't I select this station? oh the waypoint marker is in the way, let me place it somewhere else for the 1000th time so I can move on with the docking procedure' (same thing applied to any static object in space you hope to interact with)--> 'does a green price mean it's a good sell, or does it mean the price is very low?'--> 'why can't I use the turret camera while in PTE mode?! oh, I can, but I need to press Mouse1 simultaneously. wtf?'--> 'time to compare some prices, now let me just find the item in this huge list which isn't alphabetically organized'--> I spent several hours having to remind myself that the BLUE bar under the red HP bar doesn't represent shield, but speed. Why do I need a speed bar? God only knows. And one that looks like a shield bar, on top of all.--> I could go on, but the point is: if this game's UI had been better conceived, SG2 wouldn't have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so often. I'm not saying it's a bad game, just that... it's not great fun. I guess that's enough."
,Recommended,236150,23631011,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tarilliux,"TLDR:If you are looking for a Elite type game look elsewhere!If you are looking for a casual game where you can capture ships, command a carrier, and be a rich badass. Then this is for you.At first glance I wasn't impressed by this game. Found the controls/interface a bit clunky, voice acting cheesy to say the least. However as I kept playing it kind of grew on me. Now I'm hooked. Can't wait for what the devs have in store for Warlords. Cheap good fun and many hours of game play."
76561197994879788,Not Recommended,236150,12252474,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Eggmuffin,"Updated review as of October 1st.First impressions: Broken. With a lot of potential.Secondary impressions: It's an acquired taste. It does grow on you. But it's lopsided. Strong gameplay props up a (very) weak campaign.Initial review:This game may be out of early access, but do not be fooled. This is NOT a finished product. Not even close. It is sorely lacking in decent voice acting, and the campaign hangs together by the thinnest of threads, and liberal deus ex machina. Frequently you will look at the screen in confusion and ask ""Who is that? What is happening? Why am I supposed to do this?"" The game approaches storytelling in a very basic, almost childish way.Even in my short time in the game, I have already encountered several borderline-gamebreaking bugs. Such as non-functional campaign triggers. And equally game-breaking, though no bug, is the games tendency to assume the player knows more that he does. This game needs a softer introduction, not to mechanics, but to world-building. As it is, it's a mess.I am giving the developer the benefit of doubt, and I will continue playing. I do believe there is a lot of enjoyable content to come. But ""it gets better later"" is not a defence that a genuinely good game would need.Let me put it like this: I am playing the game simply because it is the only game of its kind currently available. If it weren't for the fact that I have played Freelancer into the ground repeatedly, I would be playing that. It is a superior experience in every way.Currently, I still regret spending money on this game. Therefore I am choosing not to recommend this game.Update #1:After a few more hours, I can only confirm my first impressions: I have absolutely no idea what is going on in the game, and my enjoyment of it suffers as a result. Time and time again, I am told I need to go to some place I don't know of, to meet a person I've never heard of, to get a thing which I know nothing about, for reasons that are never made clear. To call it frustrating is an understatement. The game is seemingly an unending series of unanswered questions. Primary among them: ""Why am I doing this?""This is not intentional mystery, this is just really, really bad writing.Which is a damn, crying shame. Because the game itself, mechanics and graphics, are solid. Ish. A little shallow and clumsy, perhaps, but the closest I have come to Freelancer since Freelancer.I wish this game was better. But it isn't. I wish I could love this game. But I can't.I have given this game more than its fair share of chances. I have given it more than the benefit of doubt. I have acted on faith, on the belief and the hope, that this game ""gets better"". So far, this has proven to be wishful thinking.I'll research the Gemini universe, and see if that gives me enough points of reference to piece together just what the hell is going on in the game. Then I'll give the game one last chance to pull itself out of this confusing funk and make some damn sense.Update #2:That helped a lot. A now have a fair grasp of what the game was assuming I knew by heart all along. It made the campaign bearable, though still not good by any measure. But at least I'm no longer tearing my hair out (as much) over the lack of proper world-building, exposition and adherence to storytelling 101.I still can't recommend the game, despite that I am now beginning to enjoy it. Chances are that you won't be as patient as I have been, and I fail to muster any decent arguments as to why you would wish to be."
,Recommended,236150,12269914,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,CAPITAL LETTER MAN!,"Most have taken to calling this EVE offline, but I find it to be more EVE Lite or Diet EVE. Think the core concepts of EVE in an open sandbox map rather than many separate systems, but with the waiting 5 months for a skill replaced by grinding for a few hours and all the player interaction removed.At the end of the day you're left with all the things that made EVE great, with none of the stuff that makes it only suitable for people with vast swaths of time available. You can jump in, do a quick mission, save and jump out. You don't have to worry about being dicknailed by a ship fifty levels higher than you at any given time, and you get an experience that's much more simple than EVE.I'll reccomend it. I've come across some bugs, and the voice acting is really, really bad at times, and just pretty bad at others. Personally I think the 20 bucks out of pocket I paid (had 6 bucks steam credit) was in the right area for the game, maybe a little high. I'd say buy at 5-15 for sure and 20+ only if you like the sounds of EVE Jr."
76561198027146652,Recommended,236150,31652833,Posted: 9 May,all,superunit,"If you're looking for a simple, arcadey space shooter, look elsewhere.  If your imagination stops at shooting rocks outside the beginner space port, look elsewhere.  If you want a hand-holding linear on-rail button masher, look elsewhere.  You can definitely find some of that gameplay here if you're unimaginative, but it'll get boring quickly, just like any game.At this early point (100 hours as of this writing), I've grown a fleet of mercenaries, a strong boarding crew, and after developing strategies, stuffed my garage with ships that I can't even use yet.  There's nothing quite like flying into an ongoing space battle, capturing a weakened ship, and getting the heck out of Dodge before anyone's the wiser. And there is so much more to explore.  I'm barely out of the ""beginner"" areas of the starmap.The UI could use some work, and the multiple view options are a little overkill for me, but it's something I can work with.  I do wish there was a better ship monitor that would show effects/status/problems easier.Anyway, it's a good game that is huge and open, which makes it hard for some. I recommend it for those wanting to run around space, doing space related things."
,Not Recommended,236150,13150486,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,FearMuss,"This game gets compared to Freelancer a lot (particularly by forums users), but it's like a poor man's version of Freelancer without any of its artistry or high points like the lore backgrounding the game, and the great universe design. There are similar mechanics: do some basic trading, have a ship...TBH it is a bit of a disappointment after the hype you hear about it from fans. To be really blunt in its current state I think this is a $10 max game. It feels a bit like it would be a good iOS space game, but as yet isn't a good PC space game. It needs an additional layer of depth and polish to become anything more than average. I'm playing it a bit but it's mostly as a time filler and because its a pretty massive grind to get anywhere (which I assume covers for a lack of content).The forums seem to be an unadulterated love fest for this game and that was one of the main things that swayed me, but it's fairly average so far. I think it has something to do with the developers being active on the forums, big-upping anyone that says anything positive. Will update this review if my opinion changes, but I have a pretty good picture of the core dynamics: capture till you get a bigger ship, capture till you get a bigger ship until you get the biggest ship. Do really boring missions until you get your rank up. Otherwise you might do the really boring version of trading or mining (compared to other games).THE BADTutorial and the campaign to date are pretty bad and unengaging (I kinda know what I'm doing but just don't care).Visuals are mediocre, although the ship art is okay.Universe feels empty in a bad way.Voice acting in the plot is amateur.You can only save in certain places which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥(there are some lackluster excuses about this)Combat seems fairly one dimensionalRPG elements are lighter than I expected (4 skills that you level, and some perks)Crew are just stats bonusesTrading economy and mining seem extremely basicOverall I think a game like Starsector has far more RPG depth.THE GOOD...You can customise ship colours, decals, and names so we can all call our shipStormbringer, however, I haven't tried naming oneMistake Not My Current State Of Joshing Gentle Peevishness For The Awesome And Terrible Majesty Of The Towering Seas Of Ire That Are Themselves The Milquetoast Shallows Fringing My Vast Oceans Of Wrath- it might be possible.The cosmetic stuff like naming the ships and changing colours seems to be my high point so far. It might end up being a good timewaster...here's hoping."
76561198005530292,Recommended,236150,12273060,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,doctorgreenthumb,"Really good fun, was worried about some of the EVE comparisons but tho it does lack first person/cockpit view its not to its detriment and it seams to make the fights more tactical and less frantic also i havnt done any spread sheet crunching yet.prosBig seamless world with lots to explore, compleat with random space anomalies worm holes and nebulealots of different ships at diffrent lvls to flyAll the different playstyles youd expect, fight, trade, pirate ectspace drugsits funits not X rebirthconsseams like quite a grind to earn cash for ships but kind of expect that and it makes that first ship upgrade seam all the more specialit has crashed on me a couple of times (nothing game breaking ) but meh that will probably get fixed in time and the auto save is pretty good"
76561197995876749,Not Recommended,236150,18073294,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,rommelfcc,"Sorry for the negative review, but I found this game frustratingly boring...- The game is a real grind….-Freighting cargo around doesn't pay well at all, and I installed a mod to try and solve that issue, but seemed to not help.-The story did not capture my interest. With sad voice acting, and the death of the characters farther on the “second” mission, I felt nothing for it, and was simply poorly laid out.-Not a fan of the combat, it's clunky, panning the turret cam is slowed in combat. (that could be due to my system but the graphics run fine in combat, I suspect it's something else)-A lot of the free roaming play is go here, go there... with not much inbetween. maybe some random combat…-No feedback on some systems, if you can't charge your engines in combat, no way to tell how long they will take to comeoneline, or I didn't find any readout to tell me…-not a fan of magical powerups/skills but that just my preference-The sell all button is poorly placed with no confirmation, will also fail you if you're smuggling. you can't buy it back to complete the mission… sigh...-Not a fan of the docking anchoring system. it makes the long or short trips that much more unsatisfying :(-missions seem to be straightforward but lack information… eg. where am I smuggling this to? You want help, what kind of help? Missions simply lack information that would give you the choice to make a educated decision.-Combat music sounds very VERY similar to Freelancer... just putting that out there...I have tried to get into the game twice, tried to give it a chance. I have put 13 hours into the game... I don't feel there is any need to put more.I strongly recommend anyone considering purchasing this title to thurellery research it on youtube or forums, as actual game footage it not supplied on steam, and is quite misleading..."
76561197971589114,Not Recommended,236150,23927964,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Boner Storm,"So here's the kind of stuff that happens in SG2:I'm flying in my cloaked Freya-class stealth carrier towards a small fleet of enemy vessels. I drop to cruising speed (drawing power from engines to weapons + shields) in the middle of the ship cluster and release 1 wing each of fighters + bombers, which wreak havoc in their ranks. I lock a grappling beam on the flagship, drop out of cloak and set weapons free. Turning the ship, I shoot missile salvos from my port, bow and starboard ports, crushing the flaship's shields and bringing hull integrity to critical levels. I then use transporters to launch a boarding party, which subdues the vessel's defenders in less than a minute. All the while my guns, bombers and fighters make short work of the supporting vessels and I leave with a prize ship worth millions of credits.That's the game in a nutshell. It's really, really, really cool and accomplishes what few games like it can... but has giant glaring holes in it. I recommend the game if you get it on sale or if you don't mind taking the good with the bad. I'm not one of those weird people who likes s***ty games and *I* played it for 55 hours and counting.Here are my gripes:* Capturing ships? Yeah, pretty much the only sensible thing to do towards the end game for cash.* The system is kind of arcane. Most of it becomes intuitive after you get a chance to tweak it (for instance, I've set my mouse page Back/Forward buttons to lock on the nearest target and mark it for fighters/fleet vessels). However... it wasn't until like 40-50 hours into the game that I realized that ""Power-To-Engines"" didn't actually put full power to engines and you boosted speed significantly if you used the power allocation tab to set Engines to 100% while in PTE mode.* AI is miserably weak. Boarding actions? They don't do 'em. Hacking your ship? Yeah they don't do that either. Grappling? Hahaha no. They seem to just go towards the nearest enemy and shoot. The most complicated thing they do is use items that drop mines or kill your fighters or knock out your engines. It leads to ridiculous situations like my Freya ship with 110 troopers destroying 6 Equinox-class carriers with 130 troopers each... when just two of them could almost guarantee taking my ship by boarding. Same goes when I'm wrecking a freighter with a small corvette-class fighter/bomber... and it could easily knock me out of commission by grappling me and pounding me to dust.* The dialogue killed my parents. Seriously... this stuff comes across as written by a middle-schooler, translated to Russian-and-back, and voiced in the dumbest, least engaging way possible. Worst of all.. it's unskippable! There's a command for ""skip dialogue"" but it DOESN'T WORK."
,Recommended,236150,734470,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Tanvaras -SPG Walords DLC is out,"Update : Now LIVE V1.400 (Internal Test build)I myself have been playing since Alpha (September 2013 release) and I have seen SPG2 come along in strides. Below is a basic list of what is in-game and can be done whilst playing. SPG2 brings back many memories of quite a few spaces games I have played since the mid 80's onwards.Star Point Gemini 2!DLC - Secrets of Aethera - Adds in new ships, new storyline arc, tweaks and updates to game systems.Riftways - Oh my, something to experience yourself! - Rollercoaster rides in Space.Fighter wings for ships with hanger bays are a blast to play with.70 ships to buy/capture/destroyEquipment/Weapons that can be modified with enhancementsCustomizable ship - Can re-color certain parts of your ship, add decals etc.Consumables - Shield boosters, damage boosters, repair nanobots, etcPower ups - Boost your Railgun damage, or Beam weapons etc for a few seconds to turn the tide in battle (Use them wisely though as they have a cool down for re-use)Ship cloaking (Ships that have cloak devices) - A lot of fun with this one :)Hero Characters to hunt down and kill for excellent credit reward. (You can kill a few of us Forum members now as Hero Characters! - Thanks to LGM's competition)Global events - More fun things to do outside of freelance missions etc.Junk yards - Cruise the junk yard like a junk yard dog looking for some possible cargo and or poor unsuspecting ships that might contain some nice cargo to liberate from them.Trade your wares in stations and planets that you either bought elsewhere or collected from combat or mining. (Price balancing to still be finalized)Board and capture ships - Hire troopers and grapple a ship, send in the troops and take over that ship for some extra credits or to take as your own new ship.Worm Holes appear around the galaxy and can whip you to somewhere else in no time (Be warned you might turn up somewhere ""You dont want to be"")AI Security forces scan you ship for contraband and give you an option to dump it or duke it out (Pirates life for me, damn the pollice hehe)T-drives work as personal T-Gates to quickly jump to other areas very quickly (Same as using T-Gate, but on the spot usage, instead of finding a T-Gate)Ability to hanger (Personal hanger accessed via stations and planets) upto 5 ships, which you can swap out when needed. Have a freighter parked in your hanger when you want to do those big commodity runs for the big bucks, or some large scale asteroid mining. Drag out your carrier to go out and take on fleets of enemies with your weapons and your fighter wings.Travel the Galaxy map by normal engine power (I have done this and it takes quite some time - grab a coffee and some food), Power to engines (faster travel speed) or by Fast travel ways (Real fast movement across the galaxy)Freelance missions, Combat, repair, scan, VIP Courier, Cargo courier the list goes on.Steam Workshop - Mods are coming along and many more to come as modders get busy!Did I mention how bloody good the galaxy looks, Nebula's are amazing, Asteroid fields are real special (I like to play a pirate, so I like to hide in the dust clouds of some asteroid fields and wait for passing freighters/mining ships for some easy kills and loots. Junk yards look great, and just a reminder again don't run into them they not hurt hehe :)Oh and Mod Tools,Want to add a new ship into game, can do!!Want to add new sectors into game, Can do!!Want to add anything virtually into game, can do!!!Probably the best thing of all about SPG2 is the Dev Team, These people are one of the best I have had the pleasure of enjoying an alpha/beta release with. They are always responding to members posts, questions, technical help, and ideas.The Dev Team have even taken ideas from members and have put into game those ideas, what more can you ask for in a Dev Team who cares just as much for the player base as their game, that is simply priceless and a quality lacking in many AAA title Dev Teams.All I can say is, ""If you enjoy space gaming, Buy SPG2 today. You wont be disappointed""And drop by the official forums and say hello as well :)http://www.starpointgemini.com/forumhttp://www.twitch.tv/webferret- My Stream of SPG2 most nights 8PM AEST (GMT +9:30)"
76561198105271179,Not Recommended,236150,22213865,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,crimsoncarnage,"I love space sims. I don't even know how much time I sank into freelancer or the x3 games. Yet this one I am dropping after a bit more than 10 hours of playing.Let's start with what I like about this game: The graphics are good, the different ships with their various layouts are cool, you can customize your ship through enhancements and hiring officers, the energy transfer management (engine, weapons, shields) is interesting, and on the surface the game feels like it is trying to marry the best parts of freelancer with those from the x series (which means many things immediately make sense if you have played those games before).However. Somehow the game feels like a chore; something I am willing myself to play in the hope that if I continue a bit further it will finally become exciting and turn into the great game it has the potential to be.The story is inherently boring. Fly from A to B, listen to some terrible voice-overs, destroy a target (ambushes being optional), get an (uninteresting and unusable) item and no real information other than ""fly to XYZ to get more info"". But you need to grind a few side missions first to level up enough for that. Rinse and repeat. I have lost all interest in the main story and there is just nothing that compels me to continue playing it.The other sidequests and missions are okay, but also very repetitive. The difficulty rating of these is useless, as some missions (e.g. science, maintenance, taxi, ferry) are childishly easy, whereas others (e.g. assasination, station defence) become really hard quickly unless you sink all your money into your fighting capabilities. Importantly the missions don't pay enough in my eyes to make them worthwile. I found boarding other small ships much more lucrative. And flying through space feeling like you are a towing service is just not fun for long. These side missions quickly turn into mindless grinding.There are many other things that bug me (not even to mention the numerous bugs I encountered already) that make this game a ""no"" for me:The fighting is super boring; most of the time I just sit there with my turrents firing automatically and I don't do anything other than watch. Ships feel very small and their speed and maneuverability do not seem to decrease with size as far as I can tell (there is no ""speed"" property you could check when buying a ship). There is no good fast travel: gates are too expensive, wormholes regularly throw you out at the wrong location (and what is it with that terrible, terrible animation you are shown after you have flown into a wormhole?) and those ""green highways"" seem a bit pointless; most importantly while all of these move you long distances quickly they don't allow to quickly travel to something that is say halfway of that distance. Factions have no character and no individual story making them pointless really. The energy transfer management can only be used effectively by dragging it around with your mouse; there are no customizable settings to be activated through a button, e.g. a ""hit and run"" (50% engine, 50% weapons). Skills have no real impact: I have put all my skillpoints into one particular tree (beam weapons) and I still can't tell the difference before and after I activated the skill, with the promised increase in range definitely not working. The game cannot be played effectively with a joystick: some button commands cannot be changed (e.g. closing window, using skill, cycle through tabs in the store) while others simply are not recognized or don't work; also you can't use a mouse to quickly navigate say the store and star map.There are many more things that have added to me not liking this game, but those are probably too specific to me to be really useful for other players.Tl;DR: Repetive missions, bad main story, boring fights, lots of mindless grinding, terrible voice acting, the whole universe feels characterless and the joysticks can't be used effectively. While it is trying to combine the best things of previously succesful spacesims (freelance, x3) it does not get it right."
76561198068167581,Recommended,236150,12538996,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Vega,"So I thought I’d wait before writing this review until I got at least 10h+ gameplay and finished the “story”. So at the time I’m writing this I got 43h+, and just finished the game.My favorite space game of all time is probably Freelancer, and other games I’ve tried haven’t even come close to it. But when I heard about Starpoint Gemini 2 I got my hopes up a little. Started following the game, checked in-game videos and such, and I got very interested.So I decied to buy it a week before the release cause it was on sale.It’s a good game. If you, like me enjoyed freelancer then you will no doubt enjoy this aswell. It’s not as good,  but it’s definitely not a bad game. The RPG elements are an interesting addition to the game.You start of by choosing your “class” which are:  Commander, Gunner and Engineer all with different set of skills. Depending on your play style if you prefer being in a small group of ships or just pure loner/dogfighter etc, I think most players will find these classes interesting.Alright, now to the positive and negative aspects of the game: I really liked the “feel” of the ships, smaller ships are easier to maneuver while the bigger ones are heavier, and I like that “feeling” it really does feel like you are flying a ship. So the developers got that down quite well, spot on. I do wish they would have added like a secret ship(s) that could only be found and bought at a specific place that was hidden.   And continuing on the topic of ships, there are A LOT of them to buy. Allthough you will be very discouraged with the prices in the beginning, but don’t worry cash will eventually start flowing in. Just do side missions or if you prefer mining or trading etc.The map is huge, and you have a lot of exploring to do if you’re into that. Just wish there were more things to explore, more secrets and mysterious anomalies etc. There isn’t really any suprises or “wtf” moments in this game, which is sad. No mystery.The graphics are awesome, no complaints here it’s a living world and the designs are nice.The sounds and music are awesome. But…I really wish they would use at least more than just ONE battle tune, cause it gets reaaally tiring to be hearing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. Specially since battle is a big part of the game. Would it have hurt to put in at least 2 more songs in? Other than that the rest of the songs are awesome, it really suits the mood and game.There are also enemy heroes in this game, which all have bounties on them. And they give you a lot of cash, I totally missed this feature when I started playing so it took forever for me to get cash in the beginning.So that’s a nice feature, but would have been even more interesting if they had like one final hero that was nearly impossible to beat, unless you were leveled up to the max with the best ship etc.Now to some of the negative aspects of the game: Map travel, when you press M or whatever button to bring up the map, the game pauses…so while you check your map and try to plan ahead for your future travels, the game is on pause and you don’t progress at all. So while I was travelling to this planet, and checking the map at the same time I noticed I was right where I left of. So that’s annoying.The autopilot fails a lot of the times. It only does this after you have docked with a starbase and you click on your next destination to go there autopilot, most of the times it just freaks out and takes you in circles.The voice acting in this game is a big joke. And not in a good way either, cause sometimes bad voice acting can at least make you laugh, but this was just…ugh.The storyline is nonexistent. Which is really sad cause of the big universe the developers built up they could have written such a better story for this game. So if you buy this thinking it will have a nice or at least mediocre story, rethink why you want this game. Im not saying not to buy it, beacuse the good things outweighs the bad in this game.So to end this I’d say it probably is the best new single player space game out right now.I’d give this game a 7/10+Many ships to buy+Huge map, a lot to explore+Pretty graphics+Music+Enemy Heroes+RPG elements-Maptravel-Music-Bad voice acting♥♥♥♥♥♥story-Autopilot fails"
,Recommended,236150,9402383,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,⎛⎝[BSC]Delta-9⎠⎞,"(Still in Alpha stage)Pick a style that you like to play, space sim wise, and go do it..lol Be a pirate/bounty hunter/merchant/miner..ect No story line ATM, but as it stands right now, it is still worth the money. You can easily get 20 buck worth of enjoyment out of it, plus some. When the game is done, you will be glad you did get in on early access. Fun ships and plenty to choose from, even now. Good fight and flight modes of flying. Great space eye-candy. No loading screens to get from one side of the map, to the other. Unless you are using the jump gates, then there is a small load. You want that ship the npc is flying? Just board it TAKE IT!!..lol Over all, I cant give much of any complaint. As a reference, its like a graphics ♥♥♥♥ down, with a upper cut in gameplay, to Freelancer!!..lol (only SP, no co-op multi..-1/2 star..lol)I give it 4&1/2 stars out of five: with it, as it stands, in AlphaEDIT:Now that this little gem is fully released, I can go ahead and say I wasn't wrong in my EA review. There may be a bug here and there, but the Dev team is really on top of it. It's about all been flushed out. So if you have been on the fence, and want a feeling like playing Freelancer for the first time. You should give this a go. And, with a active Mod community, Im sure there will be years of fun in the future of Starpoint Gemini 2!!"
76561197991454930,Not Recommended,236150,16359381,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Brown Pants,"At a glance Starpoint Gemeni 2 is a sandbox space sim, nothing special and it has been done better before.I could live with it if the game features an interesting story, which the game does. The game also has a tendency to crash during or shortly after finishing a story mission which makes it a race to reach a save point before the game crashes and you need to redo the mission. So the redemption from story doesn't apply. If anything it just makes me more frustrated.Looking further into the game, you realize it is a single player MMORPG, ship upgrades are gated behind arbitrary level requirements. Ships handle basically the same except for the top speed, so your carrier is just as agile as the starting gunship.Weapon upgrades follow a similar MMORPG route, some weapons are poor and you go through the game trying to find better weapons. Weapons that are described in awkward and sometimes even incorrect ways, such as ""rate of fire"" being the delay between each shot. Once you get over the initial hump of how weapons operate you realize you need a calculator to figure out which weapon to use.Sure I can play this, but all the time doing so there is a thought in my head asking why I am playing this game when I have better games available.Edit: 2015-11-25I just wanted to add that this game isn't necessarily bad, if they fixed the weapon descriptions and the crashes I'd actually consider recommend it.I consider the X-series, especially X-3, to be more enjoyable. I do not want to advertise for other games in a review, which is why this was at first omnitted, but since so many replies have been about it I'll add it."
,Recommended,236150,12267540,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jam,"Starpoint Gemini 2 recently left Early Access, and it is now one of the few games of that honour to actually turn out well. If I was to compare it to anything, I'd say it's like Freelancer or an offline EVE, though not quite as complex as the latter. Complete sandbox freedom. Go wherever you want and be whatever you want, whether that be a trader, pirate, mercenary, miner, fighter, explorer etc.Though it is a space sim, it also plays a lot like an open world RPG. You pick from three different classes - COMMANDER: has a focus on buffing friendly units, GUNNER: all about maximising firepower and ENGINEER:  boosting your own power systems and hacking/debuffing the enemy - and go around doing freelance missions, mining, fighting or exploring, and it all gives you XP (and sometimes money) to level up your character. Levelling gives you the ability to spend points on improving your class skills, which can be used in battle, and attaining perks, which provide buffs to a number of things like increasing troop strength for boarding ships or improving trade prices.Besides the sandbox 'Freeroam' mode where you are able to freely explore, there is also a recently added Campaign mode. This provides you with story missions, but you lose the ability to pick your class, character portrait or choose from one of the three starter ships (it forces you into a Taurus ship, arguably the best of the three anyway). The story isn't great, and it's a little buggy, but you can still freely explore and do whatever you want while doing it. The story missions are not particularly interesting (go from point A to B, kill target, deliver package, meet NPC etc), but they give you something else to do. If you're feeling aimless and not sure what to do next, the campaign missions can be a good way to provide yourself with a sort of goal or objective. Each mission will advance in level and difficulty, and you will often find yourself needing to gain XP and a more powerful ship in order to advance. I found that It added to the feeling of progression, albeit in a not very interesting way. It's completely optional, but I personally had no interest in it.There are nearly a hundred ships to acquire by either buying them or grappling and boarding an enemy ship, killing the crew and towing it back to a nearby station to either sell ( for a very high price ;] ) or place in your garage for use, and they are all customisable. You can equip them with a variety of different weapons like railguns, plasma cannons, beam weapons and heavy weapons. You can enhance your systems by purchasing upgrades for things like your propulsion engines or shield generators. You can even give them a new paint job and add decals, though the colours don't stand out too well and the decals are just a short list of basic emblems. You do have the ability to add your own custom ones, but I didn't mess around with that feature. They're nice cosmetic touches, but nothing to rave about. The boarding is also fully automated and you don't actually get to see anything happening. It's nothing more than watching troop numbers rise and fall and choosing whether or not to send reinforcements. Quite unexciting to say the least, but stealing ships this way will be your main source of income, and managing to capture an expensive ship still gave me a lovely feeling of satisfaction despite the lack of a more involved system.Your ship is freely controlled, you can fly it yourself wherever you wish with the WASD keys and your mouse. You also must manage your power output. Do you divert all power to engines to give yourself a speed boost, to shields to make them hold out longer, to weapons so they fire for longer or do you try to balance between them all? It's very situational and you will find yourself having to tweak it back and forth very often when travelling and in combat. It's a system I quite enjoy as it keeps you occupied and helps with keeping the combat and travel feeling busy.Speaking of combat, it's very fun, though not too complex. You can aim and fire your weapons yourself or have it done for you with autofire (though it can be inaccurate at times) and positioning is key. You and your enemy have four directional shields, one for each side, and each decreases under fire accordingly, meaning you should focus fire on one side if you wish to do optimal damage. If any of you have played Star Trek Online, the shielding is pretty similar to what that game has. You also have a choice of four skills, which differ depending on your choice of class. Each provides some sort of combat buff and can be levelled to add more effects. On top of that, there are then a multitude of items you can purchase and use whenever you wish, such as temporary speed boosters, repair drones or T-Drives (these allow you to instantaneously jump great distances) and a variety of other things. If used right, they can really save you when in a tight spot.One issue with the combat however, is balance. I often found myself easily destroying ships marked as 'impossible' targets to beat due to having bought a reasonably expensive weapon or by managing to acquire a powerful ship. This can really mess with the early game and make it far too easy. It does begin to even out the further you level due to enemy scaling, but as long as you continue upgrading, it never gets difficult enough. This is tricky to do however and really only becomes a problem once you're comfortable and good at the game, which takes time.Overall, and despite some flaws, I believe this to be a good game with a lot of love and care put into it by the devs. It is just oozing with content and interesting, well polished mechanics. If the developer's words are anything to go by, a huge list of future content is still planned for Starpoint Gemini 2 and all of it will, supposedly, be completely free of charge. Hopefully a game to keep your eye on.I highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of space sims, sandbox titles and even people who are awaiting Elite: Dangerous or Star Citizen. It's not overly complex and it does lean a little more on the arcadey side of things, but despite that, it's still a deep enough experience to sink some enjoyable hours into.Score: 7/10"
76561198041730506,Recommended,236150,23337982,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Squanch,"I see a lot of negative reviews for this game, and while it may be a bit repetative, I can't find any 3-D space RPGs that are as easy to control and not just pure spaceflight ""simulator"". The story and voice-overs are what you would expect from a space rpg, however that shouldn't really be the reason you play this game.In my opinion, I have had loads of fun warping all over the galaxy doing manuevers around large carries and owning pirates and rebels with my plasma cannons and missiles. The amount of customizibility with your ship is off the chart for this game, however once you find your playing style and the best gear for that style you are kind of set.You can also download other peoples mods and get fan made ships or docking hangers and other cool weapons not found in-game which is pretty sweet that the devs opened it up for modding.All in all, this is a quality game that I went back and purchased the DLC's for because I thought the price justified the entertainment. If you like space games like the original escape velocity, or games like the app galaxy on fire you will like this game a lot.8/10"
,Recommended,236150,12253917,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,goishen,"Excellent game, now that they have the story in.I've gotta say, that I've watched this go from an alpha state (when I first bought the game) to a completed project.  It's truely an amazing experience.Buy this game.  You won't regret it."
76561198007245500,Recommended,236150,12251795,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Hiro Tunatako,Bought the game while it was in Beta and have enjoyed it immensely. Devs are very responsive to the community and seem to actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what their customers think. I'm looking forward to what these guys will be producing in the future.
76561198036917793,Recommended,236150,7962097,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Solomon Kane,"Worth every penny. $20 is misleading, this game will be worth $60 in the near future.  I wasted $60 on Rome II and $60 on X Rebirth. I could have bought Starpoint Gemini 2 and saved myself $100."
,Recommended,236150,7794198,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MrHellhound1,"SPG2 is a great game. It's in another league compared to the original. The graphics are spot on, and for an alpha game, it has the signs of being a classic.More importantly, it has a great  community. The devs are always around and quick to answer any questions, and they actually listen and support their player base. This is what gaming is missing these days from the ""AAA"" developers.If you enjoy RPG games, and space games, this is the perfect RPG space game."
,Recommended,236150,12284119,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Protagoras,"Starpoint Gemini feels like a PC game I played when I was younger. It's relatively rough around the edges and there is nothing groundbreaking about the graphics--but it represents a kind of space exploration game in a very cohesive package. The soundtrack is filled with ambient electronica and is a real highlight for me; scanning pulsars and exploring unknown reaches of space feels extremely gratifying and peaceful at the same time.The game itself lets you explore space however you choose: you can become a merchant flying cargo through sectors, a bounty hunter going after pirates, an explorer of the universe and scanning anomalies and space oddities etc, etc. It's a game with great potential that doesn't hold you hand from start to finish. If you have any interest in Sci-fi/space exploration games (Freelancer/Star Trek: Bridge Commander/Eve Online) this game does a great job filling that role."
76561198023822080,Recommended,236150,12230741,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Nomadic,"This is an awesome game. It's much like freelancer in many ways but with new and interesting concepts and beautiful graphics. Even though it's still in development and crashes occur on a semi regular basis, I reccomend buying the game and see it progress into the full fledged badass space RPG it looks like its going to be."
76561198027626890,Not Recommended,236150,28189900,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Joe Momma,"I wish there was a ""meh"" button along with thumbs up and thumbs down.Bought it after getting burned out on Elite Dangerous in hopes that it would scratch my space sim itch.One one hand, the scale just isn't there. You tool around a single smallish star system littered with stations, planets, teleportation gates and even a couple black holes and nebulae for some reason. The space is also dirty, dusty and littlered - no, really - there are chunks of rock and clouds of dust constantly whizzing by (fortunately there are mods that get rid of that). There's no hyperspacing to other systems or exploring the galaxy. I guess it's a little bit like the Expanse TV series.On the oher hand, during ship combat the scale is pretty faithful - you blast your cannons in the general direction of someone flying around you in the darkness, and all you see of the opposing ship is the big red target marker. Eventually, one of you blows up. The only way to take a closer look is to approach to boarding distance, which I have to admit is a nice touch. Between that and a rather obtuse camera, the space combat experience is underwhelming.The game isn't bad, it's just kind of lackluster. You can tell that it was made by a tiny studio on a limited budget. I know LGM tried hard, but neither the visuals nor the sound can hold a candle to the current-gen games. After seeing the visuals delivered by Elite and even the unfinished mess that is Star Citizen, you soon notice the janky-looking engine exhaust, low-budget pewpew effects and simplistic ships.It also has some issues outside of the weird camera, the most glaring being a graphics crash (blank screen) in full-screen mode. Since you can only save in stations, this can wipe out a lot of progress.Let me put it this way: this is a chill spaceflight game (not a sim) in the similar vein as Rogue Galaxy, and it was worth the purchase price of $6.50 with all DLCs during the sale. I wouldn't pay more than that."
,Recommended,236150,14346308,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,HouseNoodleSoup,"Starpoing Gemini 2 is a humbling game.  It isn't on the scale of some star exploration games, being in only one star system.  But where it lacks in size to its competition, it makes up for it with sheer density and diversity in play.  You can be a star trader, pirate, a security operative, or... yes, even a mere space station mechanic -- only accepting missions to repair other space stations to earn your money.  The combat is intelligent and engaging, but not too challenging.  The only drawback is I cannot bring my friends in.  But with a list of objectives like I have in this, who has time for them?  time to go kill some pirates and steal whatever they've stolen, and sell it!  BETTER SHIPS ♥♥♥♥♥ES"
,Recommended,236150,12786616,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,letalis001,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a great space rpg.usually a statement like that needs clarification, so here we go.this game is basically if you took the most complicated parts out of games like x, opened up the game world like evochron mercenary and throw in a control system not unlike eve online. what im getting at is that its not as complicated to play as the aforementioned games but leaves the best parts of each and marries them into a system thats fresh and familiar.one of the things that irritated me about the x series and evochron for that matter is that missions had to be acquired at a station. my question has always been, why? no long range communications in either universe? in SPG2 that is a thing of the past, when you enter an area, you will be notified when missions are available and you can accept missions directly from the starmapwhich brings me to the next point. the starmap is one contigious area, like in evochron, there are no load screeens and while the actual area is smaller than evochron, its a lot more detailed visually. so yes its probably not 100% true to life because there are very few areas that just look like a black void in space, but the visuals are well done and give you more to look at than just black with white dots everywhere.controls are reminicent of eve online though i havent played it in years, it reminds me of that. not necessarily a terrible thing, but if you are looking to find yourself in the cockpit of the ship, these ships dont feature cockpits. if anything even the smallest class available would have a bridge. so in comparison to the ships in X or EM, youre piloting a capital ship right off the bat. in fact to give some comparison, the M5 through M3 classes of ships in X are basically bought as commodities to place in the hangar of carriers. you wont be flying anything that small and if you were, youd have reason to be very very afraid. it would seem that the gemini system doesnt build much of anything in small scale :)As of this writing there are a few technical issues that arent game breaking but considering the devlopment team is very active and even communicates with the players regularly i feel that this game will evolve into something even better. if you like rpgs and space games, this will be right up your alley. LGM has done a great job keeping the game fun and challenging without making it a nightmare to learn how to play."
,Not Recommended,236150,12322663,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Des,"I would not recommend this game to anyone but the most hardcore fans of the genre, and that provided the price comes down.While I do acknowledge some might enjoy the tedium and vaccum, neither I, nor any of my friends did. Core mechanics are grind, fetch&kill 'quests' and exploration. You also pick up things and sell them off at the nearest friendly station, or buy things at one point and sell them to a trader across the map for profit. The game world is huge and fun to explore at first, but given the lack of variety (it is space, after all) it will get boring afer a while. Combat is nothing like a proper space sim - you either get projectile weapons and miss, or directed energy (beam) weapons and hit 100% of the time via automatic turrets. These make the whole combat thing ridiculous - all the fun is outsourced to your onboard computer. The game seems to be balanced with this in mind - you can either turn on the auto tracking and let the computer do the fighting or die.Fun parts:-exploration. the playing environment is huge! Volumetric shadows, nebulas, asteroid and debris fields and planets are stunning. It does get old after a while given the game's shortcomings-visuals as per above. Nothing you haven't seen in X3 already though-ship designs & varietyThe not-so-fun parts:-tedious, fetch&kill tasks that pass for quests here; gets old in about 10 minutes-the game is vacuous. think mmo without quests or other players.-as of now the game is bugged and some options are greyed out. No, despite what the industry standard for indie games seems to have become lately, it is not okay to release an unfinished game with greyed out options and scenarios that 'will be added later on'. That's what early access is for!-repetitive, unaccomplished space combat-the 'RPG' portion of the game comes down to several global stat boosts and 4 active skills, which I've not seen to have any serious impact on the game"
,Recommended,236150,12256591,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Fire is Cool,"Has everything you want from a space simulation game, very reminiscent of Freelancer. There's always something to do even if you want to ignore the story campaign. Definitely worth picking up."
,Not Recommended,236150,12854835,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Salvia Hardon,"It took nearly 20 hours to finally come to a conclusion on this game.Despite all efforts made to make the combat complex - energy management, 4 different active abilities (with a kinda silly feeling levelups with them),  and up to 4 consumable items (of a selection of around a dozen) useful for combat - it just isn't all that fun. I believe the biggest culprit is turrets. While it is possible to partially blindside a less maneuverable ship than yours in 1v1, ultimately maneuvering and dodging in combat is best done by spinning around in circles. When you're spinning around in circles, you can't effectively target and attack targets manually, and so you rely on fire-at-will auto targetting to do that job for you. This is boring.The economy is workable, but not that interesting - different stations have a set low-mid-high value for all of the commodities. Buy and sell appropriately.The storyline is workable. The Gemini universe is interesting, and is worth reading about if you're into that sort of thing. The storyline does an almost adequate job of immersing you in that universe. The voice acting/writing is awwwwwwful.The good: All around, this is a workable game that will scratch your spacefaring itch, though will likely not leave you satisfied. The graphics are beautiful, each region of space is very well stylized in the coloring, asteroids, and various anomalies. Plenty of the starbases and ships have pretty unique detailed models. Music and sound are good, although the short soundtrack for the music is a mild disappointment there."
76561198017158052,Not Recommended,236150,15872392,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Caell,"I am a SUCKER for space exploration games (I even played Darkstar One, and it was mediocre at best). An yet I did not like this one. This has mainly three reasons:* The story (what little I have played before giving up on the game) is not riveting and seems to follow already trodden paths (trodden by games far superior). The whole ""The system is riven with conflict and there is some hidden threat only YOU can uncover"" is nice and dandy, but again, done better by previous games. The voice acting is .. unethusiastic. I know, I have been spoiled by world-class actin as in Mass Effect, but still...There is a lot of grinding - trading, mining, doing freelance missions, to get a ship that you need to NOT be blasted to smithereens by the next main mission,. There ALWAYS is. It is a core principle of the game, and usually, one that I like. In this game, it feels like a chore. This has again to do with the story, which just does nothing to make me want to reach the next mission.* The steering. This is a MAYOR point. I did not think one could botch follow-the-mouse-steering. Sadly, one can. The point you fly to is somewhere in the upper third of the monitor. Which KINDA makes sense given the perspective and the axis of the ship and all. BUT the neutral zone of the mouse-steering is in the center of the screen. Which means that when you point at an object an try to fly towards it, you will pass OVER it (for given values of ""OVER"" in 3D space).This is annoying, to say the least. It is also unintuitive. I remember when Freelancer made me use the mouse (for me, it was the first time then) to steer the ship. I took to it in seconds, because it was so intuitive. Well, this one is NOT.* The mission system is bugged, if not broken. ""Yes, you can take this mission with level 6"" Great. They WHY is there a friggin' CRUISER waiting for my gunship at the mission point, blasting the living hell out of me? This happens regularly, and it is annoying. ""Nooo, THIS science mission is WAY to dangerous, it requires you to be level 11."" Ah-ha. So floating in space, with NO enemies to pop up (I have yet to meet one on science missions) and waiting for the scanner is something only my higher-level self can handle..All those points make me kinda regret the purchase. Oh, and one final note: it may be okay with copyright law to use the theme from the mining minigame of Mass Effect 2 and use in the score, for me, it was just an INSULT to the ME franchise, because this game is not even doing the same sport, not not mention playing in the same league."
76561198198071339,Recommended,236150,31158832,Posted: 15 April,all,srfrogg23,"--UPDATE--  Starpoint Gemini Warlords has entered the beta stage of Early Acces.  If you haven't already bought SG2, I would recommend skipping right over to SGW instead.  It directly addresses the issues found in  SG2  and offers fleet building and management while retaining the things that were great about SG2.  SG2 is still a worthwhile purchase if you have money to spare, but comparing the two, SGW is definitely a step up - including the ability to hotswap between KB/M controls and an XB1 Controller.It's a pretty good game.  I feel that SG2 is deep enough to be interesting, but not so deep that it becomes a chore to play.  It is very RPG-like in that regard.  This isn't what I would consider a ""super-complex"" simulator, but the gameplay elements are more reflective of mainstream game design.  This is not X3: Albion Prelude (a great choice if you're looking for an extremely long-term 4x/space simulator game, btw.  I highly recommend X3AP, too.).  You don't need to spend hours on end just learning the game to enjoy it, but it is still a deep enough system that you can do what you want with it.  ""Easy to learn, difficult to master"", is I guess, as close to the truth as possible.There are a large number of ships to be purchased and each has a number of components that can be swapped out.  The individual components can be upgraded with a variety of stat bonuses.  Crew members can be hired who will also provide different stat bonuses.  You can choose a character class at the beginning of the game that will give different abilities, and that character will gain levels as you play.  NPC wingmen can also be hired.I like it because it is all the things I enjoy from EVE Online, but as a single-player game, with all the single-player elements I would expect.  There is an optional story-line campaign that can be played or ignored at your leisure.  I'd recommend starting the game in Campaign Mode, not Free Roam.  The only difference between the two modes is the lack of story-line missions in Free Roam as far as I can see.  Free Roam in SG2 is like playing Skyrim without the story missions.The game is very flexible in terms of how it can be controlled.  I've seen people say that the controls are bad, but I got used to them quickly.  Once I got used to switching between control styles with the press of a couple of buttons it became a very fuid experience.  You can take manual control of ship-to-ship combat or allow the game to do the bulk of the work depending on your mood with the press of a few buttons.You can switch between multiple camera perspectives, mouse vs keyboard turning, and/or lock the camera to your turrets or follow your ship with the press of a few buttons.  This dynamically changes the gameplay ranging from playing the game like a 1st person space flight shooter to a 3rd person EVE Online style point-and-click system complete with the wheel-menu auto-pilot system.  There is even the EVE Online style auto-targetting system that allows you to tell your ship's turrets to automatically fire at hostile targets in range with the press of a button.  Manually aiming and shooting will increase your rate of fire and damage potential, but your ability to hit the target is based solely on your aiming skills.  Auto-targetting slows down your rate of fire, but hitting targets is based on your ships numerical statistics.The game also randomly generates side-missions, which are the standard faire (""go here, pick up this, scan that, kill something, deliver this"" etc, etc.).  I can't really complain about that, though.  They're optional and I don't know what I would have done differently.  They're short and sweet and appropriately rewarding.  It's something to do and it keeps the money flowing in!Choosing missions is a simple process.  You open up the Starmap and click on the icon to bring up the mission description and click accept (or the ""OK"" button to close the window if you don't want to do it).  These missions tell you the recommended level, what needs to be done, and the reward for accomplishing it.  The game also allows you to click anywhere on the map and select a ""Go to"" option from the pop-up menu.  This will set your ship on auto-pilot and take you to the location.  Just keep an eye on the screen for long distances.  Unlike EVE Online, objects in space are actually solid and running into an asteroid or space-station isn't going to do your ship any favors.Graphically, it looks really great on max-settings.  It is slightly stylized, so it should age well as time goes on.  And holy crap, the customization for the ships is great.  Other games would charge micro-transaction fees for what you're allowed to do with your ship customization in this game.  You can change the name, the color of the name, the logo, the color of the logo, the paint color, the ""glossiness"" of the paint (to the point of making your ship look like a mirror, if you want).  Flying around in the USS SrFrogg23 with a neon-red logo and Skull & Crossbones Pirate logo with reflective black paint that you can see the surrounding stars on is pretty cool!The game's performance on my computer has been great.  I haven't noticed any frame-rate drops, even when there's a lot going on on the screen.  There is a slight hiccup when travelling from one ""sector"" of the map to another (the hexagonal sections of the Starmap), but I think that's probably textures being loaded.  Not a big deal considering the game doesn't use any load screens or ""instances"" to separate locations.  The whole map is ""open-world"" so everything is connected.If I have any complaints about this game it is the voice-acting and music placement.  The voice-acting is passable, but not great.  I really wish the devs had put the ship's voice through a few filters to give her a more synthetic sound.  I guess she's supposed to be a helmsman or something, but she constantly provides updates using the same sound-bytes and it just doesn't sound natural for a human being to provide the exact same dialog in the exact same tone for the same situations over and over and over again.  That's something I can look passed, but I think it would have been easier to accept as a player coming from an on-board A.I. system.The music is also really nice when I'm out flying about, but docking (Anchoring) at stations has music that seems extremely out of place.  It's epic, and it's ok for a title-screen, but it gets really loud and obnoxious when I'm browsing through a station's selection of ships and component upgrades...  The station music wore out its welcome extremely fast.The game also has controller support.  It's passable, too, but not customizable in any way that I would like.  I recommend playing with a keyboard and mouse to get the most out of the game, at least until you know all the icons and abilities by heart, but that may just be a matter of preference.  Mousing over abilities and ship commands with the mouse will show a tool-tip that tells you what the button does.  Using gamepad controls, on the other hand, doesn't provide a tool-tip.TL;DR:  It's a good Space-based RPG that takes older, more complex space simulator games and gives them a more modern/mainstream feel.  It is easy to get into and provides a lot of gameplay flexibility.  I have only minor gripes."
,Recommended,236150,12535820,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kherny,"A worthy addition to your steam space strategy titles. It starts off a little grindy but once you get over the initial credit problems the fun really begins. Over 70 ships to buy and fly from gunships all the way up to carriers and dreadnoughts. You can trade and fight across a large area with many many different factions.Customize your ship how you like with different officers, weapons and equipment and choose from a large amount of skills and perks to further compliment your ship.There are two modes to play, campaign for a single player story and sandbox. The effort has obviously been put into the sandbox over the campaign.One really annoying problem and probably the only major one for me is the abyssmal camera control. Something that should be bread and butter for a game of this type. you have to use something called turret mode to get anywhere near the type of camera your used to in just about every other game of this type. Unfortunately even turret mode is a floodlight type chase cam.Despite the camera problem I heartily recommend this game for anyone who is missing a fix of space goodness.Here is a taste of cruiser gameplay:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52P0HA4Z2RM&list=UUStoZzu9ABIECmDstifxIgA&index=3Here is a taste of Dreadnought gameplay:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOlJ0gwYzAo&list=UUStoZzu9ABIECmDstifxIgA&channel=letsplaykhernyand lastly some Carrier footage:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVVd0RNp1-U"
76561197966725424,Recommended,236150,12271230,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,XWillybabyX,Eve Offline + Skyrim in Space.  Yeah pretty epic!
76561197988216312,Not Recommended,236150,20189830,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BlackViper,"I love space sim, Freelancer, Freespace, etc. and I hoped for this game to be another like them. But unfortunately no. Graphis is good, ships nice, weapons too. But..Why have only turrets? And camera binded to them?Why such dumb camera controls? Even with joystick it's not like space sim.Why so slow travelling without time acceleration?I've tried it for a few hours, but no, I am dissapointed, I was looking forward to this game. Maybe I will try to play it another year if those issues would be solved."
76561198032119310,Recommended,236150,12241752,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wags78,"Fun game.  Beta is smooth and enjoyable.  I hope for more depth of play in storyline missions and random missions.  I hope for a HUD feature that shows stats on targets even when they aren't in front of you ""on-screen"".  Good for a beta.  4/5."
76561198001878976,Not Recommended,236150,31225334,Posted: 18 April,all,Turkish,"Considering the game is mostly centered around flying around and combat, the controls are absolute garbage. Some agree with this, some don't. Also, the UI is frustratingly unreadable at time. These are obviously just my opinions, and why I do not recommend the game. You may have a different experience, but for me it's a thumbs down."
,Recommended,236150,11012874,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,raven_silverblood,"Overall, it's a very, very good game. I've split this review into a few categories, so maybe that'll help you find what matters most.- GameplayLet's be honest here. This game is about space combat, not about mining or scavenging or being a space taxi man. That's where the ""meat and potatoes"" of this game is. So this is the most important thing for this game to get right. If it fails at this, it fails as a game.And to its credit... gameplay is superb. Combat is fun, if a bit monotonous once you get a really powerful ship. It only keeps you on the edge of your seat when you're in real danger of losing your ship, such as when facing a really strong enemy while you're flying a much weaker ship, or a large fleet of enemies on your own.Capturing an enemy ship is very satisfying. Unfortunately, towing ships takes a very long time and can be quite boring, especially if you're being attacked by enemies the whole way there. This game is still in early access, so balancing will still happen, so we'll have to see where it goes. But for now, its an amazing game and I can't wait for more!There are a few immersion-breaking issues, though, such as the large delay, stutters and pauses when starting up the game, when entering a new area, when receiving new missions, or when auto-saving. However, since this is early access and not full release, we'll have to see what will become of these bugs.Score: 9/10- StorylineNone. At least none that I could find. While the game is tremendous fun on its own, with farming resources, capturing enemy ships and destroying enemy outposts, there doesn't seem to be any real purpose to it. At least not until the game is finished.The story is still being developed, as this is still an unfinished product. But if this turns out to be a game where the war between factions can have the tide of the war turned either way depending on the player's success or failure in certain missions, it could be very cool, especially if areas become owned by different factions thereafter.Score: Unknown (Not yet finished)- ControlsThe controls are nice and solid, with ships feeling very responsive (small ones) or sluggish (large ones) depending on size. The way a ship accelerates and breaks is also much more believable and immersive than you might believe from early footage. Trying to get a carrier to stop within 100m of a target feels like a feat of piloting at times.3D space combat has been perfect by this game. I've played many space combat games like Homeworld, Star Trek Online and several others. But this game nails it and then some. At first I didn't understand why all the buttons and controls were needed for. But after enough time playing, I get it. And the position of the keys and what they do really helps give you a great feeling of control in the game.Score: 10/10- Graphics and SoundLet's face it, as time marches forwards nobody wants to see ugly-looking games (unless they like Indie or retro games). And this game has some of the finest looking graphics one could hope for. They look beautiful, and even at 1440p on my GTX 650 Ti Boost 2GB it still performs smoothly (except when there are a lot of ships).Considering that this is on the low side of a mid-tier graphics card, I'm impressed. With more graphics settings I should be able to increase framerate, and coding optimizations should also help make the game run smoother in the long term.Sound wasn't much of a focus on this game, but the chatter and computer voice are really nice, and remind me a lot of the voice of the Enterprise-D in Star Trek: The Next Generation. It was a heart-warming surprise, and I can't wait until we get a total conversion mod for Starpoint Gemini 2.The lack of a large variety of background music did feel a bit annoying and lackluster, but time will fix that. I'd love to have this game include beautiful symphonic and orchestral music, like Star Wars, Star Trek, and other great SciFi series. Music could really help take this game to the next level.Score: 7/10- ChallengeThe game felt off-balance at several points during my dozens of hours playing so far. Capturing a large ship early on and using it felt almost like cheating on Normal difficulty. I'd like to see more balancing, such as not being able to use more than X amount of turrets on a ship depending on how many ranks below its minimum requirement you are. (So, if you're level 25 and trying to use a level 35 ship, you wouldn't be able to use 2 turrets in each direction.)The long-term replay-ability right now is hindered because the game hasn't really given players much of an end-game challenge or reward system. Once you have earned 50M credits, and have several Dreadnoughts in your garage, the game just doesn't feel challenging anymore.I'd like to see something to give the players the ability to hire commanders and bridge officers to command the ships in their garage, to they can join the player in large scale battles. This way it helps the player build his very own Armada to wipe out large (and challenging) enemy structures.Right now all the fun is at the first 30 levels of the game. Once you reach that, it gets monotonous. But given the early development of this game, I think we can expect great things from it, especially with modding support.Score: 6/10- FunWhat can I say? I had a blast (no pun intended)! It was exciting and challenging for a long while, and it's consumed me for the past few days. I've lost sleep planning what my next ship upgrade should be, or where to lurk around under cloak waiting to capture the ship I wanted (but couldn't afford). Few games drag you in and hold your attention like that. All I can say is that I'm beyond impressed!Score: 9/10- ConclusionI guess here's what I've got to say. For a game on Early Access on Steam, this is as much promise as I could dream of. (Unless you count Star Citizen, but that isn't fair.) It's fun, exciting, supports modding... it just isn't finished.If you're looking to buy a whole package that's neatly wrapped up, ready to go, this game isn't for you. When you play an Early Access game, you're getting a sneak preview, you're beta-testing a game that will (of course) be filled with bugs (and your job is to report them), and your feedback this early on will also help shape where the game goes. You get to be involved in the creation of the game, and if it succeeds you get the satisfaction of knowing you helped a little.This is a sneak preview. It's a taste of what's to come. And so far, I like what I see. They've got the game where it counts. Now it's just a matter of the final touches like faction warfare, dynamic economy, trade blockade, storyline, and so on. But given how far this game has progressed, that shouldn't take too much longer. I haven't seen many bugs, and for 25$ right now this game is a steal!I give this game a wholehearted approval, and my recommendation to buy it. I can't wait to see what kind of amazing mods we'll see. Here's hoping the team that did the Star Trek Armada III mod for Sins of a Solar Empire can start working ASAP on Starpoint Gemini 2."
76561198037674833,Recommended,236150,7864263,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zax,"Now this is an awesome game! It has great graphics, an outstanding gameplay in outer space, and it's really fun to play, thank you guys, really thank you."
76561198028183842,Not Recommended,236150,17843455,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,cidian,"I bought this game based on positive reviews and spent the next 10 hours trying to like it. Unfortunately, it felt like more of a grind with unbalanced enemies than something enjoyable."
76561198034826075,Not Recommended,236150,34363841,Posted: 19 August,all,rwe19,"At $35 this game is way overpriced.  I can't recommend it at that price.  However, if you can get it on sale for $10 or less, then it's worth a play.PROS:Has some of the Freelancer spirit.Large variety of ships to own.Quick missions keep the pace fast.Good variety of things to do.CONS:Difficult interface that is NOT intuitive.  (However, go to the steam forums and watch the linked youtube videos.  Very helpful!)Main storyline is a convoluted mess.  Nothing to pull you in or make you care.  I was doing the missions just to do them--there was never any desire to see what happens next.  I still don't understand anything that was going on in it.MIssion difficulty level is meaningless.  If you take an assassination mission at your level you are just as likely to come up against three ""Impossible"" or ""Deadly"" ships as you are to find one ""Trivial"" enemy.Random crashes to desk top.  Make sure you hit a space station after every kill to save.Random deaths when not under attack.The only way to really make money is to capture ships.  The only way to capture ships is to own a large ship that can hold lots of troops.  I started with a gunship that couldn't capture anything, so it was a long grind until I could afford a larger ship and start capturing.The main storyline has cut-scenes that do not pause the game but hold your ship in place and prevent you from moving.  This is bad when you are under attack, and you are forced to watch helplessly as your ship is destroyed while listening to dreadful voice acting.There's really no way to communicate with your wing men, except to mark a target.  You can't give them any orders, and you aren't notified if they die in combat.  There were lots of times when I had no idea they had died until I happened to notice that I could hire another in a space port.Your targeting system shows no info on your targets unless you are facing them on the screen.  If they go off screen (imagine that in a spaceflight sim!) you have no idea of their status, distance, etc.There is a blueprint drop system that has you finding pieces of blueprints that can be assembled into rare system upgrades when you find all the pieces.  At least that's the theory.  The drop rate is so rare that you will likely never find all the pieces of any one blueprint.After ships are destroyed you can pick up the cargo they drop.  However, you have no way to tell what it is, and can find yourself picking up illegal goods literally seconds before you are randomly scanned by a patrolling ship and being ordered to drop the cargo you had no idea was illegal before you picked it up.  And losing rep over it.Overall the game does a decent job of bringing back fond memories of Freelancer, but has way too many irritating issues to make the experience worthwhile.  Definitely wait for a major sale before trying this one."
,Not Recommended,236150,19689279,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Knurhiem,Lots of grinding. It is nice at first but gets boring fast. It could have been so much better.
76561197965366738,Not Recommended,236150,16903830,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,nstyn4te,"Combat is clunky and frustrating. There's no lead indicator for manual targeting, and auto targeting is buggy.Voice acting ranges from fine to cheesy to bad. Several characters are voiced by the same voice actor.The game is not well balanced; in theory there are several ways to make money, but the only viable way is capturing ships.The game definitely feels like a beta that needs work."
,Recommended,236150,9143746,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lex,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is not your ""typical"" Space Fighter game. When playing this game you need to treat your ships more as a ""crewed"" ship then a standard fighter ship.First mistake I made was trying to use my ship as a fighter, this reduced the amount of fire power and abilities of my ship greatly. Every ship in the game is a manned ship meaning turrets are controled by you or you can assign crew to operate them for you, leaving you the ability to keep them in line with the target.Its an extremely in depth game, and extremely fun. I'd highly recommend it to any one who is tired of the same old ""fighter craft in space"" game."
,Recommended,236150,18192066,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kaellen,"As someone who loves space games, including strategy, simulation, sandbox, RPG, and almost any genre in space, I love this game.  Im an avid fan of X3: Terran Conflict and the X series in general.  Starpoint Gemini 2 has so many things right and is fun, simple, and rather elegant.  I highly recommend it.However, as with all games, it does have drawbacks and a few not so great things.First off, Voice Acting-You will likely notice it straight away when you start the campaign.  The voice acting is certainly better than that in the original, however it is still poor.  Most characters have strange accents or inflections, strange pronunciations which are inconsitent between characters (specifically the word ""stasis"") and no emotional connection.  The main character, Adrian Faulkner, is basically monotone with no depth nor feeling thruout. As a man who just lost his father and is out for revenge, he is VERY boring.   So do not expect the story to be compelling on that count.Story/missions-The story in SPG2 is better that is was in the original, and seems more streamlined, however it still remains quite boring after a short while.  I understand the game is mostly freeroam/sandbox, so take this as you will.  However, the missions are a bit more diverse than the original with some capture stuff added in as well as some scanning and transporting.  But it still remains the standard ""Go Here, Kill/capture/scan/transport, Return, Listen to more dialogue""    So dont expect alot of diversity in missions.  Its pretty much the same with side missions and freelance.Gameplay-The gameplay is terrific. Its nice, simple, and easy to use.  Its easy to jump into the game and not have to learn 1000 controls or things to do.   However I personally miss some of the depth of controls and other minor things for the sake of immersion. (Thinking of X3)Ship models / aesthetic -The overall design, and texture of all ships and stations were fantastic and very intricate.  I might have to say they are some ofmy favorite ship designs in a long time.   Planets are ok, but lack proper scale.  Vigo at the start is almost the same size as planet trinity or at least pretty close.  Go look at planets in X3 and see proper scale.  However I understand such an accurate massive scale wouldnt work in an sandbox single system. Its something that many space games (mostly strategy games) do.In the end I would definitely recommend this if you are looking for a nice, simple space sim with a bit of RPG elements thrown in.  You will get a good 40 or so hours out of it, then will lack anything to do. There are freelance missions that will repeat forever."
,Recommended,236150,7939768,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ShaveIceBaby,ITS AWESOME... brings me back to all the hours i lost (happily) in freelancer! really excited to see how this turns out :D
76561198007987235,Not Recommended,236150,23711093,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,intorpere,"Having just played through Rebel Galaxy, maybe I was expecting too much, but couldn't get into this.  It lacks cohesive vision, just feels like a bunch of different game systems tacked on, and thrown together, with nothing in particular being well done.  It's not terrible, just dull.Combat is dull, trading is dull, the progression system is dull, weapon and ship variants, factions, characters, various ways of adding percentage bonuses to basic abilities, ship enhancement items, crew members you can hire, but nothing does anything interesting.  The story is barely more than a distraction.The gameworld is just a bunch of planets and stations clumped together in a cubic space, with a binary star painted in the background, like the scenery behind a fishtank.  It's a space sim which seems to be created by people who have no interest in basic astronomy whatsoever.  Disappointing."
76561197971855180,Not Recommended,236150,20207237,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Machinates,"The game keeps telling me to use things on the menu that simply don't exist at my level. Lack of ammo for the main weapon, 1990's looking HUD. When you land on a Planet, it's a photo. No attemp to feel like your on a far away civilization. Took 1/2 hour to figure out how to land on the planet w/o blowing up and having to do the ENTIRE mission over. SPOILER ALERT: Space travel is very slow. But for $8 what the heck. Someday I'll have time to get as high as the designers and figure out this frustration fubar.It's just seems to be more frustrating than what it's worth. Wormholes where none are being displayed, supposed upgrades are just terrible downgrades. Losing interest real fast. You're told to ""Follow"" a ship, yet the ""Follow button in the HuD is grey'd out; no way to match speed of ship you're following... It'll take hundreds, if not a thousand missions to afford a ship, worthy of making this game fun. Excuse me while I gladly step out of this air-lock."
76561198142032943,Recommended,236150,22128194,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Captain Harlock,"A game that surpass expectations and delivers countless hours of fun and excitement to any space Sim fan.I came across Starpoint Gemini 2 when the lack of time made me stop playing X3 Terran conflict/AP. I'm a huge fan of X series but the amount of options you have are so vast that consequently increases the complexity of the game and therefore the time you have to invest to progress. Unfortunately with work and all, I just stopped playing those majestic games.SPG2 is not that complex and therefore its perfect if you want most features that a space Sim should offer but in a simple and easy way. You still have it all... Trading, Mining, Piracy, Boarding and countless more things to do, just way more accessible.Recommend 100%"
,Recommended,236150,11291391,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,BrianRubin,"This game is an excellent mix of the openness found in Freelancer and the tactical combat found in the Starfleet Command series. Even in its early phase, it's excellent. Wanna know more? Check out my videos!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6K1_LepsaN8xYBV0AiMKna7qIvs2F74W"
76561198065269702,Not Recommended,236150,9508724,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tranquil Texan,"I see some potential, but it is a bit of a letdown if you're expecting something like Freelancer. The visuals are nice and there are lots of options for cargo and things like that, but the whole place just feels desolate. There is no signs of life anywhere. I mean, you see ships, but they seem like drones. There is zero com chatter or anything resembling conversation. The only one who talks to you is your ship. You never see any people when docked on space stations or planets. That really brought Freelancer to life, where you could talk to people in the station bars and get tips. This place seems dead by comparison."
76561197970701643,Recommended,236150,12284920,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Does a crap job of explaining mechanics. The voice work and story is rubbish.But the gameplay itself is fairly good. Complex but not unnecessarily convolued like the X series.Chances are if you want a space game, you'll get at least a few good hours out of this. It also has modding support which should lead to some great stuff from the community, as always."
76561197997650687,Recommended,236150,10283621,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The_Dookie,I love this game. The graphics look nice. The gameplay is challenging yet accessible. I have been looking for a game like this for years. JUst so excited!
76561198018344055,Recommended,236150,7945608,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,|EPIC|*Spades®,Game just keeps getting better.
76561198008772931,Recommended,236150,11282125,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Neo84,"......where to start....  its just so well made that u completely loose track of time. just dont forget ur real life, even if it have no spaceships :)"
76561198000088094,Recommended,236150,7903213,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GOObER,"Stop reading now and buy this game.This game is excellent. The developers have set new standards of fantastic communication with their fanbase. Even now, after the official release, they continue to update and improve the game.If this game has you interested at all don't waste any more time wondering - Just buy it. You won't spend one second regretting your purchase."
76561198037792644,Not Recommended,236150,30646947,Posted: 20 March,all,Arclinon,"Since it has drawn so much attention, i have played it recently to see what was new offline ( internet issues). For some reason it didnt show how much i played recently and my total is incorrect because i got the spacebuttplug ( tsar) and restarted a few times, played some of the story. so since you all are reading it, let me elaborate further,What i noticed that has changed, Gravity field of wormholes, wormholes are now working, some balancing stuff, same ship enemies dont go down as fast and use their abilities.Gameplay: The central game mechanic is the combat and trade system which are very tight, trade is simple but at times exploitable thanks to licenses and some close stations that are close by, no big deal though you can only get a few millions at most each run. Camera views, weapon systems etc were good but for the love of all that is space worthy why not include a database for weapons and enhancements like you did with trading? This might seem minor to you but it is infuritating to go to wiki ( which also turns the game to windowed so i have to restart) while same thing exists for trade. Gameplay is very solid which is why it got my hopes up. Those are pros mostly, cons would be mostly with presentation.Story: I must say i mainly played freeroam but when i did try story mode. Something about main character put me off. It might have been choosen one wibe i got from the start (son of an admiral and all that) not to mention his accent was strange. The voice acting was done by professionals this time i see but the ghost from starcraft 2 telling me where to go felt funny, love his accent and voice.Those are fine, what kind of broke it with me was that missions were presented through text that was in a box and UI designers would know, the things in small boxes should be small because for some reason we are not inclined to read all that. Nice flavor text on bouties though. 2 major problems with freeroam story, repetitive missions ( transport X to Y, or go here kill all that moves, very little flavor to it but if the surrounding fluff is good, that is all you need, world of warcraft did it. lots of games had repetitive missions that did not feel repetitive, Why? Answer in presentation )reputation that do not even feel like you are progressing, easier to read reputation bar and actually meaningful reputation would be nice.  I will explain the biggest problem that is connected to this in presentation. By meaningful some contact from faction representatives contacting you for special missions and thanking you for your help, you can go nuts from there. As it stands now. the only faction i know is trinity coz they have a weird space station.Presentation: Here is the place where i loved it and hated at the same time. Graphics are some of the best i have seen, sounds are great ( computer voice being modable is good too), ship designs are hit and miss but even the ones that are bad have something good about them such as tsar the spacebuttplug, it is pretty funny how it looks but is still intimidating. Tutorial is a bit annoying but the game is complex so its fine, takes practice but not as bad as many other games ( elite dangerous comes to mind, which i quit because 4D parallel parking in a flying box is not my fun)  The problem is, the real problem is despite all those great gameplay, the space is made lifeless, it would have been so easy just to add some flavor fluff like in rebel galaxy, visit a bar, with people, get some place specific music and visuals. Officers are nothing but stat sticks. In fact let me explain the crux of the problem by drawing comparison from world of warcraft and harry protter:In harry potter, wands are used for spell casting but are such a big deal and visible in the story that you know what they are and they make the universe feel complete.In WoW: They are stat sticks, something you forget you had and just use for stats exactly like officers here, wasted potential.That is why it is so painful to engage in all that space combat again and again, the space feel lifeless, like you are the only living thing in the galaxy. I understand your main thing was the gameplay and combat, i get it but you need to support it with other things. This could have been mount and blade in space easily. Why did mount and blade succeeded? Because outside of its outstanding combat ( just like this game), it had decent world building, there were lords who acted based on whats going on in the world, lords and ladies who talked, npc's who you would see face to face, so what if they had literally 2 lines of dialogue, it was still an improvement over a text box, It is even more painful when you see these gorgeous graphics but all this dead space. The only reason i considered rebel galaxy superior because it had this world building, world still felt shallow but it felt like a world, not a combat simulator.Remember why No Man's Sky failed? Trillions of planets that all felt same and lifeless? Here it is the same thing but here is is painful because it can be fixed so easily. As a side note: combat is meh compared to other RPG games, in space simulator genre, its pretty good ( but can you make the boarding a bit more interactive? Its a space sim not pokemon) I hope this wall of text explains your worries, again i played before and after writing this review  ( after since the reactions) I think it could be great but you need to work on the world building, it is simply inexcusable with such talent you guys got."
76561197974842624,Recommended,236150,12290443,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Schmoe,"A solid effort for those who enjoyed Freelancer.  Early impressions 7/10.  The fact I've been pretty non stop should bump it up more, but there are a few nagging things I'd like to see improved over time.1) When I'm shooting at a target many of the rounds appear to pass through and not impact on the targets shield or ship body.  I'm still doing damage, but that sense of kinetic/energy contact would help the immersion.2) AI tactics are in the early game underwhelming.  I'd like to see enemies do more drastic evasive manouevers to look like they're concerned about you as a threat a bit,"
,Recommended,236150,8747462,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,murfquake,"If you have ever played Eve or any space game for that matter and are looking for a really decent game then you really need to spend a little cash and support this great and supportive groups of developers.  Just check out the forums they respond to almost every thread.  They are very understanding and listen to ""YOU"" about everything you have to say about this game as it's in alpha status even though it seem like a full release game without a story at the moment.   Fantastic investment.  I really enjoy it.  If you got burned on X rebirth like I did and have any experience with Eve I think that you will really enjoy this game!!!Kudos to the developers for such a great job!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,236150,16433377,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DigaumSpider,"Short Version: If you like space tactical combat, exploration, a bit of trading and if you're not just looking for another stupid space dogfighting simulator, this might just be the game for you.At a decent price and with DLC at a very low price, this game is totally worth a shot.It's not without it's flaws though.The devs, apparently, take player input seriously and are constantly looking for ways to further improve the game, which is rare nowadays.The long version:The Good:- You actually feel like you're in command of your ship. You're flying tripulated ships with several guns and missiles to fire on your enemies and sometimes even fighters and bombers to assist you! This is not another stupid ""dogfighting style camera view"". It's more tactical and I love the devs for making that choice.- Combat is very interesting and you can decide how you want your engine/shields/weapons focus in the middle of the fight.- Graphics are very good and the design is ""colorful"".- You actually feel like you're evolving as you advance in the game and have access to new ships. There are many options to suit your playstyle.- You can fly Capital ships (dreadnoughts and carriers) and they're not useless sitting ducks like they're in EVE online. In Starpoint Gemini 2, you can actually destroy smaller ships in the blink of an eye flying one of those, as it's supposed to be when you're flying a freaking Battlestar with fighters and tons of guns at your disposal.- Devs are constantly looking from feedback from the playerbase and they're very active on forums, taking players advices and questions and participating on the debates in a polite and helpful manner.- You can send your troops to board enemy ships and try to steal them in a very interesting and original mechanic. Nothing like trying different strategies and escaping with a nick of health from a battle after taking your former enemy's ship with you in tow back to a station.- Capital ships!- DLC at a very low price that offered some new content.- Did I mention Capital ships?!The Bad:- Several things are not clear on the tooltips and there are no manuals inside the game. There is no ""ship encyclopedia"" as you'd expect on a title like this.- The difference between weapon types, bombers, fighters and interceptors is not clear.- There are not too many weapon types in the game. It seems like it lacks some variety.- There is no clear DPS indication. There's an ""average"" indicator on weapons, but you have to calculate the firing rate manually to figure that out, apparently, so it's hard, at a glance, to know which weapon to use as an upgrade.- The management of your shields could improve and be something more like Star Trek Online, where you have to define what side gets the bonuses.- The way ""Fire at will"" works should be improved on. You could mark targets (as you do with fighters) and your tripulation would shoot them, instead of firing on everything and everyone around randomly as it is right now.The Ugly:- A few bugs still annoy me, such as not being able to launch the game if I have Teamviewer service running on the background or not being able to run the game in window mode simulating full screen. If I alt tab while in fullscreen, the game will switch to a window mode, and I have to close and reopen the game to load the fullscreen again. Another bug happens when you take a mission and you're unable to complete that, such as the missions that tell you to patrol and when you get to the place you're supposed to go, nothing happens.- Voice acting is TERRIBLE.- Missions get repetitive quickly, so you'll be unwilling to play after the grind for the big ships is over.- Strongest ship unlocks at level 40, so nothing to look forward to after that level.- Story is poor."
76561197993231335,Recommended,236150,14232574,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Spam_Phisher,"I can not believe how much fun I am having with SPG2.   I have played the X games and enjoyed them, however, I always found them obtuse and very difficult to learn.  SPG2 is simple by comparison but this in no way a bad thing.  They have found all the elements I found fun and pulled them out and made an awesome game.   Combat is fun, I feel like I am in control of a mighty star ship, not some egg with guns.   However, if your not careful you can be over run and taken down.  The ballance is great, I have died but never have I said ""but why"" or ""that wasn't fair"" .   There is Traiding in the game but its simple, again not a bad thing.  If I wanted Stock market sim 2015 I'd have gone and bought that.   This is a nice system to make money with that I don't have to spend weeks reserching prices and locations.    Mining and salvage as well, but again, I don't have to spend a week trying to find a station that sells mining or salvage mod for my ship.   Weapons are again Simple.  havinge 300 different items that all do basicly the same thing isn't a plus in my books.  3 weapon types with several items for each class and clear choices which is better.  Ships are again simple with up to 10 systems to worry about.   I find no fun in the need to have 100 different system for a ship.... simple is better.I Now have 35 hours in this game,  one of my top single player game in my libray now.  I find it difficult to find any con's for this game that the DEV's seem to be very involed in.   My only thought is More Ships, but again keep it simple.Awesme game all around."
76561198130562680,Recommended,236150,29526970,Posted: 27 January,all,Pecan,"Since all the other recent reviews were so negative I avoided this until it was 80%-off.If you can get it at that price then I certainly recommend it but that doesn't make liars of the other reviewers - at full price it is too buggy, limited and awkward (when you start) to recommend.Bugs (under Win 10) - rare crashes to desktop after 10+ hours continuous play, not-at-all-rare and repeatable loss of accepted (but not completed) missions on loading a game.Limited - like most space games it's deliver this there, do this there, kill that there.  Get money and experience for a bigger ship so you can do the same missions against bigger enemies.Awkward - the context-menu takes a bit of getting used to and there can be a LOT going on at some points so you need to practice to keep up with everything.  This is especially true when boarding ships in the middle of an ongoing battle, but then capturing three or four ships in a single engagement is unusual and earns mega-credits.  Seriously, play it right and you can buy a ship, use it to capture enemies in a battle and immediately afford the next bigger ship.  Practice does pay off though and after a few hours it all feels pretty straightforward.Bigger, longer battles really bring out the awesome in this game.  It might not be Eve level but it has Elite beaten!  I have seen groups of 4 factions fighting each other (with me generally mixing it in the middle ^^) with reinforcements spawing/arriving for battles of 20-30 or so ships at a time, lasting 20 minutes and leaving more 'derelict's than I cared to name.  That's nice, because you can drift around after the battles and loot all those dead ships for all sorts of goodies.  Naturally,  you have to be in a pretty substantial ship yourself if you're going to survive such an event.Broadly, it starts grindy and confusing, quickly gets interesting and gets better the longer you play.  Until 'been there, done that' sets in (in free roam)."
76561198110800034,Not Recommended,236150,21123686,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TGIF,"The 35 hours i have spend on it were several play throughs because of content missing from early access, bugs during early access and my last playthrough:This game made such an incredible impression on me that i forgot i finished it. Yep, the game is that short and uninspiring that i actually forgot ever ending it and started to play it again. And during these few minutes of finishing this game for the second time i kept asking myself: When does this get interesting? Why is the voice acting so horrible? Why is every mission the same?So i backed a game that didn't live up to its promise of being worth my memories, it can happen. They dare to sell DLC that only adds a few ships for a game thats been finished 2 times in less than 35 hours? *sigh*"
,Not Recommended,236150,20801006,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,tieio,"The boredom, oh the boredom. I am not one who requires a game to be fast paced, I do not require anything to be overly shiney. Heck, I play Football Manager non-stop and to most that game is tear jerkingly boring. But alas! I have found a game that really does not grab me at all.I get it, many say after more hours you will get into it, and then many say after many hours it becomes repetitive. I am not going to wait around to find out. A game should grab you at least a little within the first few hours.Maybe I just don't like space games not based around Star Wars?"
76561198020649286,Recommended,236150,14468192,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Taintsquatch,"I love this game. Great mods, awesome single play gameplay. I wish there was some multiplayer action though. Maybe in the future sometime. Idk. Huge open world and lots of upgrades and weapons etc.9/10 will play again."
76561198138012621,Not Recommended,236150,33410214,Posted: 9 July,all,raggidman,It has been some weeks now since the Starpoint Gemini 'temporary fix' was downloaded.  Up until then the game was playable on a standard laptop.  I quite enjoyed playing it.  The devs announced that the 'fix' was temporary.  So I asked one if they could offer an uninstall patch for the fix and was told that would be really difficult and the full 'fix' would be available in days.  Was this ignorance or an outright lie?Over a month later and this tiny download (less than a meg) is still preventing me from playing the game I have bought.  I wonder if they expect me to buy their new download and not be able to play that either?A few people have posted that this has helped their game quality but it looks generally like people have problems like me and so I cannot recommend this game because I have no idea what has gone wrong or how to fix the fix.  It does look like the fix is there to stay.
,Recommended,236150,15804169,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zippy,"I like this game, I really do but this desperatly needs an Ai to assign hired crew to captured ships to mine, patrol  follow you etc. Thats the only thing really affecting a nice game. A few bugs also hang in the game that prevents more than one boarding party, hanging battles etc. Needs a bit more work to make it shine."
,Recommended,236150,31923891,Posted: 23 May,all,"Jamesthe1, The Mann of Crits","This game is very niche. It's for those who don't mind grinding and constantly selling items, if you want to play campaign mode. However, I will give it credit for its soundtrack and art. You can explore as much as you wish."
76561198014915240,Recommended,236150,9951280,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,longstar,"Finally a game that has the potential to be even better than Freelancer - and that says something.Took me about 2-3 hours to get familiar with everything and to be able to play the game properly, even after playing years with space sims and space, so allow yourself a bit of time when first playing.Still in beta at the time of writing, so if something not works as it supposed to, for example crashes, or missions cannot be completed, strange enemy behaviour, do not get annoyed, the devs are constant fixing bugs and writing the game, developing. It is in a playable state already; you get a fairly powerful ship at the start, you can fly around, explore, get missions like repairing space bases, destroying pirates and playing taxi between distant bases. There is a good(ish) tutorial on the start to which you can go back any time, so you are not left alone to find out what is where.My biggest problem was having the ship not powerful enough, not fast enough and not having strong enough shileds until I found out about the quick and very handy power distribution feat - this is in the tutorial, but the information was so overwhelming that my attention slipped by the end and learned as I went along with the missions. I think (hope) there will be a smoother tutorial in the final version, perhaps like the one we get in Eve.Everything I have seen in the game so far makes me think it was a good buy and worth every penny. I'm looking forward to see the final version and what other goodies will the devs come up.Recommendation: BUY IT !!!!"
76561197974108953,Recommended,236150,12295743,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Spc Echo,This game takes a bit to get used to. Also theres not too many guides to tell you the smaller information. Like if selling or buying the colors change. (Green good -red bad) between selling and buying.  So if your buying an item that is green its a better deal and if your selling an item  that is green its a profit.  Also they don't address the fact that after you take over a ship through boarding you need to grapple with the ship to take it back to a base to sell.  I left 1 ship out in space on accident that way.  Also there is a huge curve when it comes to getting new ships.  The first zone only carries 3 ships so your forced to go to different spaces and bases to find the one thats right for you.9/10 gameplay (Its fun to play in space thats open ended)6/10 support (even manual doesn't answer all the questions)7/10 controls (especially in fights its hard to steer unless you stay still by cuttng all engines.)6/10 Missions ( The missions are almost all the same)8/10  Graphics (The graphics are good quality)9/10 Customization (Would be 10 but they really don't explain why certain weapons don't go on ship)Overall I give this game a solid 8/10.
76561197990395265,Recommended,236150,9499711,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Chimera,"I must say that i'm very impressed! I had low expectations about this game, but after seeing some video playthroughs and reading some reviews, I gave it a chance. And, I'm glad I did! This game really reminds me of the classic and much-loved space sim, FREELANCER.The only bad thing I notice until now is the lag that happens time to time when I switch from normal game view to the map chart or game options screen. My rig is not very powerfull (I3, 4 GB of RAM, HD 7770), but I can play all my game library without lag, with good performance. But since the game is still an ALPHA version, I'M sure the developers will fine-tune it to be more compatible with older systems.If you like spce sims, trading in space and flying beautifully detailed ships, this game is for you."
76561198023026107,Recommended,236150,10621938,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pycco,"great game lots of fun, reminds me of freelancer. released the campain is epic, lots of ships and weapons."
76561198063950254,Recommended,236150,7882070,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Legendary Pickle,"I have only spent a few hours with this game, and all I can say is that it is worth a purchase. In fact, I love this game. gameplay and controls have drastically been improved since the last game. It is a smooth ride. However, sometimes when entering a space station, the game will crash. Some frame rate iss ues when entering a new sector. Having a lot of fun with this one, please please buy this game. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,236150,14338603,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Shit the bed,"I kind of hoped this game would be an open world sandbox RPG like Mount and Blade but in space, however I was disappointed. It's suprisingly very shallow, overpriced, falls short in many aspects, missions are dull and repetitive, the game feels too grindy and the world is fairly lifeless despite being beautiful. With more depth the game could have been monumental.It is certainly not a terrible game and it has some merits, but it did disappoint me. If I could give it a neutral or maybe rating I would as I don't think it deserves a thumbs down, hence my recommendation."
,Recommended,236150,8930410,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DarkXBlaze,This game is just the most fun you will have playing a Space Sim.
76561198035506750,Recommended,236150,28543948,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mike,"Such a great game, we need moar space games like this.- a bit grindy for most the beginning in both money and exp.- lots of nice ships, but you'll be spending most of your time in the starting ship.- camera can be awkward but you'll get use to it, same with the controls.- capture enemy ships as much as possible and sell for credits."
,Recommended,236150,14113254,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CooperTeam,"Ever since I played Starpoint Gemini, I have been a big fan. The original game was very easy ot use and not too overly complicated to use. The game was in 3D, but only flew in 2D, so it wasn't hard to get form point ""A"" to point ""B"" with little effort.Starpoint Gemini 2 takes the original game several steps fruther. The concept is sitll the same. You are a space pilot looking to make a name for yourself in the age of space trader. You can either play in campiagn or in freemode.Some of the things that have improved since the first game are as follows...1.) Flight is now in 3D instead of 2D2.) You no longer have to use jump gates to get to your destination3.) A lot more ships to choose from4.) Ships have a lot more upgrades to choose from5.) Some ships offer a ""Flight Deck"" where you can send small fighters out while you battle6.) Not only can you have a flight deck, but you can also choose which kind of fighters you want7.) This time, you can also land on planets as well as star bases8.) Combat is lot more ""tactical"" than before9.) You can now make friends and enemies, this determines if you are able to land on stations or planets10.) There are now factions, each with their own likes and dislikes about you and other factions11.) More items to buy and trade12.) Major improvementts on comba, flight, and trading system13.) There is now a fully viewable starchart you can use to determine where you are versus where you goOverall a much more enjoyable game with added features that allow a lot mroe to do as well as a lot more offer. The added bonus of flight decks is also very helpful for when you need that added help durig combat. If you are into the Space Trader system that has true 3D concept of space flight, this is a good game to get. If you loved Starpoint Gemini, you will love this second part. The added benefit of landing on planets is a major bonus from the original game."
76561198043883945,Recommended,236150,8628136,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,mcleanj3,Alpha is looking good. Very few gameplay bugs and all the major combat systems are in place. Already a solid game looking forward to seeing the completed product.
,Recommended,236150,14538657,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Terry™,"If you liked Freelancer, you will love this. Though, so far, the story hasn't been as engaging as Freelancers but there is a freeroam mode that basically cuts that aspect out of it and just throws into this really well designed and nice looking universe, for you to do in as you please.The combat is awesome, the UI is nicely layed out and easy to understand and the game isnt overly complex for the sake of being complex (I'm looking at you X series). The soundtrack is pretty cool too.Its quite fun and addictive for now, but I can see it becoming quite repetitive. I'm sure later on in the game things become a bit more interesting with bigger ships and fleet battles, but the early game requires a lot of grind it seems.I recommend buying this on sale, as it is at the time of writing this review. I can't say, yet anyway, if its worth the full asking price. Though I am having a lot of fun with it at the moment."
76561198051136047,Recommended,236150,12307720,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"I don't often write reviews, but when I do, it's for a product I love. Starpoint Gemini is probably one of the most fun space games I've played. It feels reminiscent of the X series in a much-welcomed third person perspective(Though you have the option of using a mounted cam perspective instead if you prefer), with the noticeable lack of any empire-building elements to speak of; likewise controlling a fleet is very limited by comparison, and as far as I'm aware you have to be pretty far into the game to even start a fleet.The game, much like X, has a campaign option(Which I haven't played and therefore cannot comment on) and a sandbox mode. In the sandbox mode, you pick a starting ship and get thrown out into the universe with the usual obnoxious tutorial screens, and then it's pretty much straight into the action. Your prime objective for most of if not the entirety of the game will be to make more money, which you have several options for obtaining, such as mining, hunting criminals, trading goods, or pirating goods. It's all quite fun, but the payouts are generally small in comparison to the price of ships and equipment upgrades, meaning you're definitely going to have to spend several hours chauffeuring sales reps and diplomats through hostile territory and mining asteroids by the hundreds to ever afford that ship upgrade, but this is balanced out by the fact that the starting ships are pretty powerful generally speaking, and should last you as long as you'll use them... Though that doesn't mean that the money grind is any less monotonous.I'm not saying it isn't fun. It's just not as rewarding as it could've been. You grind money for the sake of getting a bigger ship, for the sake of grinding more money more easily, for the sake of getting a bigger ship. Perhaps the campaign provides more variety, but the sandbox is in desperate need of some more money-sinks.Graphically, the game is a joy to look at, though the fact that I rarely dabble into anything this modern could be skewing my opinion here a little. The art style is reminiscent of a cartoon or an anime, and colours are very vibrant, making literally everything stand out dramatically. The only thing worth complaining about in terms of graphics is the little debris particles that fly past your ship during movement, as they're practically the size of my tiny gunship's cockpit, but thankfully there's already a mod to remove them.All in all... It's definitely not a bad game. There are better games out there for the price, but I'd still recommend picking this up if you have money to blow, especially if you're a fan of space games. And if it's on sale right now, slap yourself for even giving it a second thought and then buy it. Just a forewarning however, it will definitely annihilate your social life."
,Not Recommended,236150,30051506,Posted: 19 February,all,sadaraine,"I'm a fan of space games. The problem with them has been for years that there's no depth to trading or interesting story to delve into. Quests in this one are all either mail carrier types or combat based. The fighting is fairly uninteresting as well.On the plus side, the graphics are very good and I loved the scenery. The game does have a very large area to explore if that is yoru thing, but as I mentioned above, it gets very monotonous quickly due to lack of depth.The other big flaw is that the only real way in this game to make money is by capturing ships. You can trade or just do missions, but it would take an awful grind to get enough money to change ships which seems like a balance flaw to me.Even on sale, I'm going to actually suggest you skip this one. No, there doesn't seem to be much better out there, but I would say you are better off never playing than to waste time on such a shallow game."
,Recommended,236150,23357962,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dakk0n,I love this game just like Freelancer. The only thing I hate in this game is the voice acting of the main character.
76561198031041139,Recommended,236150,32197448,Posted: 5 June,all,Cyrus.Vance,"This is a Freelancer-type arcade space simulator with ship-to-ship combat, trading, mining, exploration etc.The game has its flaws, it comes from a small developer, but it is FUN.Lets start with the negatives:- the game has a steep learning curve, and the in-game tutorials are not the best, but if you have played similar games, you will be right at home.- controls are a bit weird too at first, but not that hard to learn, also you can remap the keys.- the reputation system is a bit simplistic, basically lawful-vs-evil, but it works. You can play as a ruthless pirate too :) Some factions will be hostile to you, regardless of your actions (because of story constrains).- heavier ships are almost always better, there is no point in flying smaller craft later on- the story is nothing to write home about, the voice acting is pretty amateur, sometimes nonexistent- the graphics is dated, but it is to be expected, the game is 3 years oldBut don't let these things discourage you, there is plenty of good here:+ space is pretty and has a good variety with dust clouds, asteroid belts, space stations, anomalies and so on+ there is a large variety of ships and ship classes+ there are many weapons, modules, mods, so you can customize and tweak your ship to your play-style or the current mission+ you can hire NPC mercenaries to help you out in tougher situations+ you can capture enemy ships and sell them for lots of money or keep them for your personal use, or just collect them in the hangar, like I did :)  Also because off this, pretty much every ship you see out there can be yours for the gold or the iron price :)+ you can only save at stations, so you take a risk every time you venture out into space+ beside the main mission line there are secondary missions for the big factions and random mercenary work+ the DLC missions add a couple extra hours of gameplay and new ships (especially the Titan, which is a beast as the name suggests)In conclusion: It's not perfect, but if it is on sale, and you like Freelancer-type games, go for it."
76561198093203804,Recommended,236150,13810223,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,probe,"Ok this is my edited review. I'll try and be semi-objective as I have interacted with the dev's, their moderator and the community for some time. But please read on and judge for yourself.Spg2 is a tactical space combat sim. I joined in EA and didn't play it for long due to hardware limitations on my account but liked the idea of a big massive universe where the player doesn't end up being the ""King of the Hill"" but just a small piece of a bigger universe. And Spg2 filled that need for me.This is not the most epic game I've ever played and I didn't expect it to be. But from a small ~10-ish Croation developer team I've been surprised. Not only have these guys made their own engine which shows beatiful graphical capability but they also constantly updated the game for almost a year after release with steady patching and a nice and cheap DLC while being constantly (I can't express how crazy these dev's are when it comes to listen to player feedback and troubleshooting with the community, it's unheard of) active on forums and responding to any bug report they received and fixing it with each new update. This is more than half the reason I'd buy any game they'd ever release.Well about the game; There are more in-depth Space Games out there, more epic stories to be told. But this game doesn't pretend to be any of that. It knows it's limitations as a huge space universe where the player is just a small piece of the puzzle. And it does that extremely well. Imagine being in a single-player MMO ( yeah kind of contradictory) but that's how this game treats you. You're nothing more special than the next dude around. You won't change the Universe all by yourself but you're just a small part in a bigger scheme. I love that sense of relating to your own existence in the world.How many games dares that anymore? In an age where we all feel we're the turning point and center of the Universe this game is a fresh breath teaching us the Universe doesn't resolve around us but we're just here to try to survive and do the best we can.There's no classic story arch to this game. You don't end up feeling like you're the king of the world. You're just a captain in the void trying to fend for him or herself. That's it. And from a philosophical perspective I love that notion. Too many games rub your need for being the ""one and only"". Not this game. This is reality expressed through a game. You're not gonna matter more than others but still need to claim your place in the world. That's beautiful and invigorating and  ... well poetic in some sense.There's a story (campaign) in the game that lends itself to the lore created in Spg1. But former knowledge of that is not required. I am still on the last mission of that storyline but that's not the reason I play Spg2. I don't relate that much to the story as such but enjoy the stories I can make with my own captains more.The game lets you choose between story and freeroam missions at a whim. You can always wander off to do randomly generated missions even when playing the campaign (campaign has a fixed character while freeroam lets you generate your own male/female character) and explore as you see fit. My preference and love for space was to be more of a ""freelancer"" doing randomly generated missions for different factions making friends and enemies along the way depending on my choice of the missions I'd carry out for different factions (help one faction=lose reputation with another faction and vice versa).The game can be a grind for some, other cherish that type of neverending possibilities and in Spg2 the ever-changing possibilities for changing your reputation and the constant randomly generated missions can keep you playing this for hours on end.Some days I just log in, cloak my ship and enjoy the scenery. Other days I just log in to take my temper out on whatever faction I'm currently in bad standing with and make them suffer.For a better description of the game check some videos on Youtube or other reviews. I'm still sold on this thing and the constant updates, a very nice and cheap DLC plus the upcoming FREE DLC makes me wanna recommend this game to everybody. Best and coolest development team I've ever meet and a hell of a positive and friendly community.This game is Steam History for the books. The reason I still get into EA from time to time is because of these guys right here.This is a game made by gamers to gamers. And a hella lot of respect for their interaction, back-and-forth, constant updates and pleasent attitude.If you're in doubt visit the forum. These guys are the future of gaming and a pinnacle of how developers can make gamers trust and cherish them again (yeah plenty of jaded gamers out there seeing bigger companies♥♥♥♥♥♥all over their customers or make highly dubious decisions).Edit: It should be noted that this game twists a few familiar concepts of games and how to progress the best possible way. There's not much ""hand-holding"" here but the forum is pretty active to anyone needing a tip or two on how to get the most of it and learn those ""different"" mechanics/understanding from what other games usually bring. So remember to pitch in with questions if there are any or you don't understand something. The early game in particular can be a bit rough for new players but once they get a hang of it it's really not that hard to understand.over 9000 / 10"
76561198012433712,Recommended,236150,12249912,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Toxie,"A truly great game with great developers. If you are fans of Space games like Freelancer, you should not miss this, especially now after they added the campaign."
76561198071603095,Recommended,236150,14329954,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TR-808,"So i was flying along, mindin' my own buisness when suddenly, some freighters teleported behind me and killed me.11/10 best game evar"
,Recommended,236150,12327345,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mercestes,"I've seen a lot of comparisons for this game to other popular titles and I think that is a disservice to this game, because then you start looking at what this game doesn't have.Here is what the game DOES have.Great graphics at low hardware cost.  The game looks good, it looks clean, the ships are detailed and the environment is gripping, and you don't have to sell your soul to play it.Great music.  It's the type of music you'd expect to hear if there were an intergalactic space composer.Lots of ship options:  There are enough choices to make your personal mark on the universe.Space:  Everything is better in space.Combat:  Everything is better with combat, especially in space.Great development team:  They are VERY involved with the community and the community is VERY involved with development, in the best ways I have ever seen, ever.It is a good game, at a low cost, that will provide many hours of enjoyment."
76561198010563125,Recommended,236150,12252290,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,solarice,"Excellent game!great scope with epic feel and a nice sense of depth to a dynamic universe. Have not played the campaign yet, but the free-roam is quite enticing in itself. Recommended for any  privateer fan!Also, very active dev/mod community, grats on v.1.00000 ^^"
76561197968435113,Recommended,236150,12251981,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SnortDorker,"This spacer game is lots of fun and a great way to pass the time. Great graphics, fun environment."
76561198151554125,Recommended,236150,31008819,Posted: 7 April,all,rcwarlord,"I was looking for a space game and found a great one.  You can free roam or follow the story.  Like most RPGs, there are optional side quests and missions.  I like the fact that there are easy missions and missions so hard, that you can easily die without a strategy, even if your in the mighty TITAN class ships (love mine btw)!  This is a space RPG, if you are looking for a casual space game, you can just fly around, but you will miss out on so much fun.I had an extremely slow start figuring out how to play the game and how to use the controls.  Oddly enough, I only use 3 keys outside of the directional keys.  I had to google how to board ships, how to use my side weapons, ship stats, etc.  That is stuff that I've had to do with other RPGs too.  Does the game have some issues...yes.  There is so much to do in this game, and the only quirk I noticed is the patrol missions don't work.  So, I just skip them, there are plenty others to do.  Almost every issue people have in this game, you can find in others that were herald great games!!! I purchased this game for $8 including both DLC (winter 80% sale).  As much fun as I had and still have, I would have paid more.  I will be purchasing the next Starpoint Gemini Game."
,Recommended,236150,31233266,Posted: 19 April,all,Insolent Fool,"I actually really enjoyed this game. I was just starting to get annoyed at the quests. It looked like an impossible cash grind to get the top teir ships.  Then I managed to capture a tiny ship by fluke. I was amazed how much cash it was worth so started building a ship built for capping instead of pure combat. with the right upgrades, perks and officers I was able to capture same level ships to buy my way to top tier upgrades and cap ships higher classes than mine and work my way up the food chain. The going was slow at first but I ended up never having to actually buy anything larger than a frigate.I had some issues with the game crashing trying to do the Titan DLC but managed to get around it by save scumming every step of the quest.An at times flawed but still great space game."
,Recommended,236150,12298160,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Per,"This is a nice space game, the story could be longer though.by the time I was admiral I was done with the game expecting more actions from hostile aliens.I hope they will release a DLC extending the storyline."
76561198034974680,Recommended,236150,23355357,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,raynefalls2014,"I am really enjoying Starpoint Gemini 2!  Having never played the original, I was a little nervous about buying the sequel, but that isn't a problem at all!  Free roam mode gives you a blank canvas and you can do pretty much whatever you want.  The option is also available during the campaign, but I always feel compelled to stick with the story rather than go off and do my own thing for a little while.  Due to this, I have not spent much time at all on the campaign.  Doing random missions, trading, capturing enemy ships, and exploring have all distracted me from that.  However, the five minutes or so I have spent on the campaign were not all that impressive (shoddy voice acting, uninteresting writing). So, do I recommend this game?  Absolutely, just not for the story.  Get this game if you want to get lost in a space sim for hours, not for some kind of an epic drama."
76561198062751391,Recommended,236150,23089862,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lord Hollow,82 hrs later im ready to start my second file! i love playing this game while listning to the radio can be a waiting simulater somtimes going from place to place they spice it up with plenty of ambushs and space anomalys too scan wich will likey result in another ambush really... so be sure to bring mercenarys everywhere and get them ASAP i never mined so if you hate that then dont worry lots of was to make cash i took the way of the ship thief ( Head north on the map when you start pick the tarus with 22 troopers and steal the pirate ships with a measly 12 defenders) nice ship you got there oh look my Troopers have taken control of all critical systems thank you!10/10 would sell plasma rifiles to peacefull planets again!
76561198027723979,Recommended,236150,11247246,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Tal Maru,This game is a decently fun space shooter.I would not put it on the same level as freelancer or privateer <yet>The dev's are very active on the steam fourms and respond to most questions / suggestions with in 24 hours or so.The game has been publishing fairly regular updates that usually add new mechanics / encounters into the gameplay.I got my 20$ of fun out and am looking foreward to much more.
76561198009689646,Recommended,236150,14053874,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dave4985,"Trader, Warrior, Pirate, Explorer, Bounty Hunter, Miner, Smuggler - a few of the things you can be in the Gemini Sector.  This game puts you in the boots of a newbie starship captain in one of the most volitile areas of human colonization, and it's your choice as to what you will do with your newfound freedom.  Will you avenge your father and find out why he was killed in the storyline?  Will you go off and discard your past in the free-roam sandbox mode?  The choice is yours.You start out with a very basic gunship, but the game doesn't limit you to one ship like some others (Darkstar One, X-Rebirth), but instead gives you the option to upgrade and upgun in one of several ship classes.  Do you like the thought of zipping around in a fast, maneuverable stealth corvette?  You've got several to choose from.  Maybe you'd prefer to roll into a hostile area in one of the mighty dreadnaughts or carriers and outgun everything in the zone (except perhaps another dreadnaught or carrier)?  You can do that, too.  Or you'd like to be a trader, working your way from your starter ship to a freighter, and then a freightliner, ferrying cargo, buying cheap and selling high.  Again, your choice, but remember to pack guns to keep the pirates off your back, as they have the same choice in ships as you do!You'll do all of this in a *very* good-looking setting that has NPC ships doing their own thing according to their own agendas.  My personal favorite example of this was the time I was attacked by a group of pirates.  I was in a destroyer, which is fairly middle-of-the-pack in speed-to-guns/armor, and flying with a group of trader ships.  The pirates jumped us, I engaged...and the traders *bolted!*  Left me there and ran, as they weren't going to stick around and slug it out with pirates that outgunned them (being businessmen in freighters rather than naval officers in warships, it seemed their AI told them to GTFO).  Just as I was swearing to hunt them down (if I survived this and didn't have to reload halfway across the map), security forces from the nearby station arrived with battleships and cruisers and what was a brutal last stand became a lopsided pirate turkey shoot.  Brilliant!Starpoint Gemini does a lot of things right, and the devs have shown a lot of interest and support in the community.  There were a few bugs on first release, but continual support has polished this into a real gem most space-sim fans will enjoy greatly.  9/10"
76561198021146392,Recommended,236150,14182116,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,screenshuyin,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ offspring of the X series and freelancer. From X, it got a lot of different gameplay options, a rich, large world, customization... And from freelancer it got the fast paced gameplay, the great combats, a little arcadey feeling that doesn't interfere with the simulation aspect...A truly great game."
76561198021847085,Recommended,236150,11199949,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Tikanderoga,"Really neat game, plays like the X-series, except without the building. Huge galaxy to explore, lot of things to do and the graphics are very nice too."
,Recommended,236150,10696269,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fleshwalker,"In short I enjoy the game even though it's  in pre-release, it's simply fun to play. It's the game I go to when I'm in between some the more well known or mainstream games. The dev's work hard on the game and it's come a long way since it's beginings. Which makes it a joy  to see all of the new fixes and changes to the game every time I come back to it. There are plenty of well stated reviews  both positive and negative so I won't say much, however as for me was the game and is the game worth the price? If it's worth my time to play it then it's worth money. This game is continuely getting better and improving all he time."
,Recommended,236150,9109101,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Pedro,Even though the game is not yet finished I have had more fun with it than any other space sim. The controls and combat are great and the exploration is fun. I can't wait till it is finished!
76561197981798584,Recommended,236150,9979675,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Tetsuo,Freelancer is back!If you were a fan of Freelancer you will love that game.Perfect game to shorten my time waiting for Star Citizen!
76561198006025444,Recommended,236150,8625159,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[NoL]Killer Klowns,"Excellent game, well worth the money spent on it."
,Recommended,236150,8608250,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Leigh,"This is an absolutely cracking game. For an early-access alpha version, it is incredibly polished and looks beautiful. No bugs that I have run across yet, and it runs so smoothly. Kind of a cross between Eve and X3.Highly recommended"
76561198049245659,Recommended,236150,22994834,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cubano,"This game has a lot of good stuff in it, but also some weak spots.Brief description of the game:You are commanding a capital class ship in either a sandbox experience or a campaign with main missions. You will be flying around undertaking side missions and smaller assignments, upgrading your ship size and firepower.First I will start with good things:+ Proper 3D movement, your ship rotates in all directions+ Huge map full of objects in space, except planets and space stations space is full of ships of various factions and other space objects like solar power plants, gas collectors, prisons, etc. All of those objects come with few designs so the feeling is that most of them are unique. In addition there are clouds of radiation of electric storms.+ In dept ship command. In addition to guns your ship also has tractor beam (you can pull enemy ships), teleport and marines (you can board enemy ships and pull them to nearest station to sell them), launch bays for fighters, slots for various consumable items (bombs, AI turrets, boosters, repair bots etc)+ Power management. You can direct power between 3 main areas of your ship - engines, weapons and shields by default power if directed 1/3 to each, but you can channel it to one of them in order to receive +100% bonus to speed, reload, recharge etc, at a cost of -% to others.(PRO TIP: always channel power to engines when you fast travel for +100% boost, since you cannot shoot in this state anyway)+ Large selection of ships and weapons as well as system upgrades to tweak your ship as you like it, weapon types are really different (plasma are slow firing, slow flying, high damage, high power consumption; laser are 100% accurate, quick firing, low damage; projectile are quick firing, medium damage, fast flying) as for missiles you can get some with huge area of effect or long distance small area of effect etc.+ Campaign is not so bad, but lack of options, alternative solutions etc makes it a less fun.Now to negatives:- Bad voice acting- Poor mission reward system - if you wanna buy new ships and top weapons you better learn to board enemy ships, do it for few hours at start then start campaign fully equipped. (for example: low level assassination task will give you 4-10k credits, while if you board enemy craft, kill the crew and pull it to space station you will get 80-120k plus you will complete the mission), just doing missions for money is mindless grind and gets boring really fast.- Not involving space combat, this will require some longer explanation.Your ship has turrets, shields and missile weapons in 4 sectors (front, aft, port and starboard). You can manually aim turrets, but odds of you hitting a tiny little black dot on black space around you are virtually none, the only thing you can hit manually are destroyed ship husks and space station with are not moving. So in order for your turrets to do anything you set them to auto-fire then they will randomly pick a target and shoot few bursts at it, then change target and go on. In the end during combat you can only select target and manually fire guided missiles at it and rotate your ship so that more turrets and fresh shields are facing the enemy. After 10h of playing this is damn boring !!!- Not interesting PTE (power to engines, which is a form of quick flying), as to why it doesn't set power distribution to engines for 100% and has to be done manually for a nice speed boost is a wild guess. And you don't get this fancy visuals of super fast travel like we know from movies, it is just that, your ship travels faster.Conclusion:I recommend this game as it is quite fun to play for space exploration for 10-20h of fun, therefore I advice get it on discount because it is not worth 40€.Then I advice you to learn how to board enemy ships quickly so you can make some good credits and try out weapons and ships."
,Recommended,236150,28946191,Posted: 2 January,all,The Other 19,"This game is totally worth every penny.  Not only do I have a passion for space/sci-fi genres (as well as a few others) but the fact that they give you both a campaign and free roam mode only games it better since free roam basically lets you do what you wish.  You command a ship and can do whatever you want. Become a pirate and capture other ships and their cargo, become a trader and buy/sell goods between planets and space stations, become a bountry hunter, and much more... It also helps that the Gemini System (map) is pretty damned big with constant activity.  My favorite moments involve coming upon large battles between factions, or simple skirmishes between myself and a couple other ships turn into a huge battle when other nearby factions decide to intervene to either help or harm me. Best part about the space battles is that it feels so real... ships aren't all on the same plane as if on an ocean/sea, they're everywhere at all angles. Another huge point in favor of the game is how amazing the graphics are without reducing performance (that I have noticed and have a pretty good gaming computer) though there is a lag whenever you move to another sector, but that barely effects me.The games doesn't restrict you to certain areas... you can go anywhere and everywhere they do limit you in other ways... depending on you reputation, different sectors will be hostile to you and some sectors have high level enemies in them. One major problem (in my opinion) is the repetative nature of the side missions and very few secondary missions (those give to you by factions depending on your reputation and level.)  Another problem is how long it takes to level up and to get to the higher level so as to be able to fly around in a dreadnought or carrier.Overall, I'd have to give this game 9/10.EDIT: Spelling Errors"
76561198022227369,Recommended,236150,7978473,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,EvilAxis,"really good space arcade style shooter....some bugs but dev team has got there game face on and spit out updates and patches faster than the plasma guns shoot.  Good graphics nice ship designs havent been happy with a space sim since freelancer or privateer but they are getting it right.....boarding the ships ingame and selling them really having fun with that one, love that feature"
,Recommended,236150,10608025,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,willfe,"[Review based on Early Access beta, v.0.7015]A fantastic action-oriented space sim (with some RPG-like elements added in), with beautiful visuals (and smooth framerates), a fairly big universe to explore (with hints from the developer that it's going to get bigger), lots of ships to fly and loads of weapons, equipment and upgrades to fit to them to tune them for any task.Currently only ""free play"" is available, but there's still lots to see and plenty to do. The game is already very fun and entertaining, and shows great promise. I look forward to the full release, and recommend this game for any fan of the space sim genre."
76561198067820554,Recommended,236150,10396742,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,adagiofortron,"This is going to be short and sweet.I like this game. Its a single player 'EVE' without the ridiculous complexity. Obviously its not without issues, personally i have to keep all of the settings low to get a decent frame rate but that might just be my machine and im sure it wont be a problem once optimisation is introduced.My only major gripe is the lack of fuller content. So far the freelance missions are pretty much the same few objectives in varying difficulty but they are quick enough that its not too much of a trouble to level. I think once the proper campaign is introduced it will make the game a lot more enjoyable."
76561197993268419,Recommended,236150,8872115,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Crom,Great game even how it is now. Its playable and fun already and just new stuff keeps getting added. Worth the buy even now.
76561198057810730,Recommended,236150,10921189,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jacques45ΚΛΗΤΟΣ,"it's gunna be a great game. Right now it needs graphics support and didplay settings that work, but other than that i think it's the best space simulator i have ever played... if you like tactical star trek style games you'll love this"
76561198114743786,Recommended,236150,11047592,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,!☢! click73s,great job so far keep it up
76561198008525107,Recommended,236150,11214785,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,<<<Ch13F>>>,"even for its beta state, game is very promising. i expect it to become a new modern X3 for space sim/shooter/rts fans.game gets updated very frequently, i only think that s because due to positive outcome product of sale amount. i mean steam playerbase support should be good enough to make the devs work hard like this.i want to point some unique points about this game.-enhancement system for ship parts, not only you can change your offensive,defensive,special outputs but you can also further tweak the bonuses with part enhancement, offers you very high amount of combinations.- high amount of factions, each faction's missions gets randomly generated depending on your current faction standings.thats nice. that means your actions have consquences.-you can actively own a fleet, and make them support you in battles or transport/hauling/smuggling.-crew salaries really a good money sink, something to think about.-game supports modding. enuf said. ^^now a bit of negatives :- currently since game is beta, the main storyline is not out yet and freelance game mode(sandbox) offers  a bit repeatitive missions.- traveling might take some time, there s no time acceleration/deacceleration- using map, pauses your game. you cant watch your ship moves while on starchart. that makes creating waypoints make game stop and cost you time.- current number of pilot classes only 3 and each has 4 different active abilities, these 4 abilities each has 5 sub categories changing characteristics of active skills, this s a bit few, could have been more.-after accepting each mission, you have to find objective area/station etc manually via starchart. you gotta click each marker and see which one lets you create waypoint/jump etc.- accepted and offered quests have same color markers on starchart. again no visual clue for finding your active missions' waypoint.- there s a quest log but not really helpful , doesnt fully work atm. therefore if you serious about completing your missions, you gotta take and complete 1 by 1. unlike other rpgs you cannot hoard multiple missions and do it with a spree.not at the moment. Doesnt apply to people with super memory- you cannot purchase spacestations or other type of stationary npc controlled objects. not yet.TLDR, summary : the game runs smooth and not many bugs for its state, gameplay wise there re many things to add. lack of variety atm might be boring but combat is fun and makes up for it. im pretty sure as it develops, many new features gonna be added and this game has potential to beat X3 in future in open beta. only if devs keep the game updated just like now."
76561198068083552,Recommended,236150,10650633,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CrazyGamer1587,"If you enjoy open world exploring and the freedom to do anything you want then this is the game for you. I got this game and to have seen it evolve from something basic into a more complex game with amazing graphics and some spectacular battles the potential is endless. There are a number of good things about this game such as the ability to choose what you want to do from being a pirates to trader, or if you like just fly around and find random things to do. you can even captur enemy ships even bigger ones if you chose to do the upgrades for your troops, you can then either sell these ships off for at times big money or keep them for yourself and use them. The graphics in this game are amazing for a space simulator with astroids thatt look like astroids to ships that look really good. the major con for me at this point is that there isn't any real story yet so no actual campaign to do but the story that they have set up really does have the potential to be great."
76561197988188501,Recommended,236150,10969127,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Taleric,Oh yes this is what X-Rebirth should have been!  Even prior to being complete it is great to play.  It is more 3rd person than X but that is what I like to play.
,Recommended,236150,7997776,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Shea,"Fantastic game,still alot to be added,but it is getting there"
,Recommended,236150,10871402,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lolita mania,games great BUY IT its like eve with more control and great looking ships
,Recommended,236150,10858920,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Baasgr,"Absolutely fantastic game. There was a big gap in my life when I had finally become bored of Freelancer (possibly completing it as many times as I did was a factor in that) which SG2 has fitted into very comfortably. I'm already hooked on it, although I have only logged just under 2 hours on it. I would recommend this game to anyone who feel comfortable in this type of game."
,Recommended,236150,10752811,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Overburn,"Best spaceship trade/pirate/upgrade/capture ships/have fleets type game I have played in QUITE a long while and doesn't require a lot of learning to play unlike something along the lines of X series games. The graphics look very good and the game play is very satisfying and addictive. You can do everything you'd want to do in this type of game (trade, be a pirate, do missions, mine, capture and board ships, etc). Even in this state, there is a LOT of gameplay here. Highly Highly recommended."
,Recommended,236150,10499637,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,gottaluvchris,"The developers for SG2 really set the bar into the stratosphere for early access. There are more renowned titles that aren't this polished at release. While they've been busy building this game, we, the players have been exploring the vast systems of SG2 in it's already space worthy assortment of vessels.The graphics are silky and the models imaginative. The game play is smooth and intuituve. And being fully supported by the Steam Workshop allows the players uninhibited creativity. Many have paid twice as much for a ""finished"" product that promised the galaxy but couldn't deliver the moon. SG2 delivers the solar system, the galaxy and the cosmos for half the price.The responsive developer team never let's too much time pass before they're reassuring the community that they're forging ahead to a quality release. Lord Have Mercy! When they add the remaining content and features, this game, if not overlooked should be considered top in it's class for 2014."
76561198014146141,Recommended,236150,8159489,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"I will say that I played enough to feel the game is immersive. The music is beautiful. The ships are wide ranging and fit each race. It's very stable for an alpha build. I'm sure crashes happen but I have not had a crash to desktop in a long time.  I mostly like exploring and seeing what the game offers and it's fun, landing on planets or fighting hostiles. The artwork for Starpoint Gemini 2 is very good. They have an intro video for the game story that will be added later. Really glad to have bought this game, it's worth the money. Space games have always been on my top 5 when buying. Started out on Wing Commander 3 and never looked back. If you like/love space sims please consider Starpoint Gemini 2."
,Recommended,236150,8673522,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,The Hascist Fitler,"Very good game for being in its current state, although the autopilot flew my straight into Trinity.Over-all 10/10!"
76561198041681580,Recommended,236150,8658494,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,older than dirt,"Oh wow I love this game. If you like space games at all, get this game ASAP!!!!!  I don't give reccomendations out lightly but this game already looks awesome. Fun too!"
76561198075763412,Recommended,236150,23355989,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Leszczu_86,"Flying around in space, blowing stuff up.Although there are many games of this type out there Starpoint Gemini 2 manages to hooked me. Frankly I have no idea why. It's just relaxing - flying in your Titan, warping out in hostile a zone and watching as everything around your ship turns into space dust.9/10 Because destroying asteroids by colliding with them is called creative mining."
76561198006277477,Not Recommended,236150,25821264,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,scorryuk,"I`ve put quite a few hours into this one and whilst there is alot to like, it is ultimatley a very detached and empty experience. I found it hard to care about the games universe and different factions. The battles were just too arcade like and not much fun. Ships close into engagement range quickly and from then its usually a case of putting on auto turret fire and carrying out some random evasive manourvres. There didn`t seem much in the way of strategy or tension.  And reaching higher level ships just seems to up the stats- there just isn`t that satisfying feeling of pwer from owning a battleship or Dreadnought. This could have been so much more."
,Recommended,236150,8098906,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Nooker,"It is indeed a great game in the making, but the only think I would love to see that great games such as skyrim didn't do is have a multiplayer option. Goto friends or bring friends and have adventures with each other, a game as good as this is better with a friend! I get there is other games like this one like EVE, but I hate playing with people I don't know very well and backstabbers. A multiplayer option like borderlands 2 that lets your game be ether wide open or closed only for many or few of your closest friends to share the experience with. Thats all I will complain about this game, other than that it something to play. Takes a bit to learn but it's worth it!!"
76561198006958327,Recommended,236150,14490937,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dark Chocolate Lover,Very much like free lancer and already the beginning of decent mods and conversions already in the pipeline
76561197987377879,Recommended,236150,14501577,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,outlawed,Fun game with lots of game systems. Plays well ona laptop during travel.
,Recommended,236150,15834744,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,Do you like space? Do you like Tons of space fights? Do you like to Explore? If you answered yes to those questions then this game is for you.
76561198018103682,Recommended,236150,25679268,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Breaker_Asylum,"Gods, Starpoint Gemini 2 Where have you been. If you put a 4 x space mmo, remove the shoddy ai and shoddy players. And add ai that thinks, grows, and attacks! Plus there is good ship quality and animations! It can be slow at times, but this game is almost relaxing in pace. There is a lot to do, and a lot of fun. Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,236150,16549255,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jun.On.Fire,"This is the space game I've been waiting for....Deep, immersive, beautiful. It plays like EVE Online but on Single Player mode."
76561198011015047,Recommended,236150,23874962,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,andrewrome,The remake of the original starpoint gemini in the fashion of starpoint 2 was great and made the original evenn better.  The second one has been fun to play so far.
76561198007670506,Recommended,236150,13954860,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,William Fogg,"Tried it again after a few months and boy has it changed! Now a fully working Main campaign is in place, the money system makes much better sense, the fleet system is fully operational and many, many other positive changes.I have really enjoyed playing the first few campaign missions, taking some time to earn some experience hunting pirates, patrolling areas or ferrying people around. It is overall a good experience and it has a lot to keep you on your toes, enemies to attack of run from, and interesting mechanics. Specially there are many possibilities to travel around the map, which is big and ould take ""forever"" to get from one corner of the Gemini Sector to another....you have T-Gates, wormholes, ""Space currents"" (which you actually surf, damned fun!), and even your own (expensive) T-Drive to hop around.Thumbs up and best thing is this is not finished yet! They keep adding and polishing things!"
,Recommended,236150,12271596,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,MittenMarauder,"If you like open world games, and you like open world games in space, then Starpoint Gemini is absolutely worth picking up.There's some reviews out there that are comparing this to Freelancer, and I'll say so far I definitely get that same vibe. Is it ""as good"" as Freelancer? I'd say it is a little early to tell, but I feel like this is going to be a huge time sink like Freelancer in a good way.Other reviews say this is Eve ""Offline"" and I definitely see where that is coming from, and in a good way. Trading so far does take some thought, there's random pirates that you can mostly evade if you want, and there's local defense forces around that will jump in to help (even if you don't want them too). Right from the start you can start doing whatever it is you feel like doing without feeling too ""new"" for lack of a better term.I started with the Campaign, and I'd say I'm not overwhelmingly enjoying the story, but it's still early so I can't fairly judge it.As far as free roaming, which I've spent more time on, I can tell I'll be spending most of my time doing just that. I managed to capture a ship I was planning to buy when a pirate attacked me, and so the mechanic for that is interesting. I've done some repair missions, bounty hunting, salvage work, and some trading. You can mine both gas and asteroids, but I haven't gotten around to that yet. No idea if there is any exploration to be had other than wandering around.It would appear there will also be a huge variety of ships in the game, as different areas have offered different ships for sale. So far, I've seen perhaps 4 or 5 factions of ships and the faction list is pretty long. Also, these are only the small ships which your skill will correspond to purchase ability. How hard it will be to obtain the bigger ships I cannot say, but given how many credits I have versus what the prices are on them, it does not appear to be a grindfest.The map feels pretty large, and it takes some time to get around each sector. At first, the map did not look all that large fully zoomed out, until I started panning around. Then I realized there was a LOT more and I've barely scratched the surface. 3 hours in, and doing a fair amount of travelling, and I have only made a small dent in the map BEFORE you pan anywhere!Combat takes a little getting used to, but I was also learning the controls, and I'm pretty competent now which was why I tried boarding a ship. The boarding mechanic is more or less getting close enough to grapple the target ship, then send boarding parties aboard to kill their defenders. Larger ships have more troops, so don't expect to successfully board a battleship with a gunship. You can also go into a ""turret mode"" to keep your guns trained on an enemy ship. While you might have some turrets blocked depending on ship design, you might also be able to deliver a nasty broadside!Speaking of those troops, you can replenish those troops at stations, and you can hire officers for your own ship to automate some things and make it more efficient. You can also hire mercenaries to fly alongside you, each with their own ships. So, as long as you can pay the salaries of the officers and mercs you hire, you can have a good leg up on some encounters. This also means traders and miners can have escorts, while the combat pilots can have some wingmen, and the fleet leaders can lead the way if they so choose.Trading is pretty straightforward, with each station having commodities in various states of supply and demand, which change from time to time. You can check what's in your cargohold against the last known prices of stations you've visited to gauge if it's worth making the trip. I should also note smuggling is an option, as different sectors have outlawed one thing or another, and you can ""sneak"" illegal goods if you have the right conditions.Overall, I am really happy to have picked this up, and I definitely look forward to exploring everything this game has to offer."
76561197984987486,Recommended,236150,14094989,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TheRas,Spaceships... Space... pew pew...Reminds me of EVE but not as difficult to learn and much less swearing and fewer poor taste jokes.
,Recommended,236150,12269153,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[☂] Opti,"Whilst X3 games always have me searching for instructions every 5 minutes, this game does a good job of letting you know where to start off without drowning you in tutorials."
76561198022535822,Recommended,236150,13325869,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Mooface,"Great fun game, the Star Wars mod is a MUST! visiually appealing and easily can immerse yourself and spend hours on end."
,Recommended,236150,13972251,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ArononymouS,"I just love how this game looks and feels. There's a huge map which always has things to do wether you're playing on campaign or freeroam, throughout which there are friends and enemies to trade and fight with. You can mine asteroids for diamonds, you can hijack enemy ships and either sell it or keep it in your garage! You can also upgrade your ship with various weapons and boosters you can even hire ships to follow and defend you.The devs are still updating and ironing out any issues which is nice to hear, but i haven't had a problem with it yet.I'm gunna smash this game once i'm done with divinity.8/10"
76561197990994295,Recommended,236150,34643822,Posted: 31 August,all,Lhetre,"The game does many things well. Once you try and play as intended, the UI becomes more intuitive and the gameplay fluid. Ignore the plot if you are easily frustrated by weak stories, it does help you visit the map though.Some tips to appreciate the game.- Use mouse and keyboard to play, they work perfectly. This is a casual game, not a flying simulation, you don't need a joystick.- You need to master mouse3. Mouse1 to fly, mouse2 to fire and the ever so important mouse3 for the context menu.Mouse3 is your friend.- Equipment is vital and plentiful, use and abuse it. You may take on bigger enemies than you if you understand how equipement works.- Improve your systems as soon as you can, it is worth the expense.-""Fire at Will"" takes the place of dogfight in this game.You have equipped the best weapons you can, let them do their job. Turrets certainly do not concentrate their fire on one target, but they will do short work on weak enemies and leave the strongest for the end.- Use ""v"" while flying to inspect enemy ships, and see if they are worth attacking or it is better to run away.- Use ""k"" to see your ship and your target at the same time. This is meant to help you capping (but I prefer a different method).- Verifiy enemy difficulty before attacking. Simple as that.- Trade is viable as soon as you can afford a freighter, but you'll earn experience a little bit too fast in my opinion. Some short circuits (buy at station A sell some at station B while buying more, then sell what is left at station C) have been implemented in the game, you don't need to run through half the map to make a living (not like in other games which are developed to complicate your life).- Capping enemies is the best way of making money. Read a guide if you find it difficult.- Capping is limited only by the number of marines sold in stations, when they run out of marines, you have to change station.- Regions have a level of difficulty, if too many enemies attack you, go to a quieter place. On the other hand, friendly regions bordering with enemy regions are perfect hunting grounds.- If you feel overpowered fly towards neutral, or even better, allied space, where other ships will help you.Things I liked.- Combat, once I understood how to cap and the importance of ""Fire at Will"".- The easy way of trade.- T-portal system.- Ship improvements and enhancements.- Ship models.- Game progression.- Side missions scaling.- No bugs.Neutral.- The plot.- Station models.- A little bit too easy after the initial (relative) difficulty spike.- Voice acting. They are not necessarily bad, on the contrary, they tried to give some depth to their parts, but they are not native English speakers, which sometimes is even a postive point.Tthree points where the game could have been improved on.- You know what you are targeting only if you are looking directly at it, no information on your target if it is out of your field of view, aside from its direction.- Once you become allied with half the factions the game becomes too easy.- Capping ships is overpowered, it becomes less and less hazardous the more you invest in improvements on your ship.tl;dr;I was quite pleased beating six ships, of which two were dubbed ""impossible"".Edit: spelling."
76561197960687390,Recommended,236150,28685699,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Insomniac,"Amusing and pretty game.  I had fun.  Once I got the hang of capturing ships, the difficulty level dropped.  To be fair, I haven't tried tackling any of the veteran bounties, yet.  I understand that those are considerably more difficult since they will actually put up a fight and deploy counter-measures.The reputation system in this game is very simple: you gain +20 reputation for completing tasks for law-abiding factions and -20 reputation for completing missions for pirate factions.  I would expect reputation gain to drop more significantly and gain more slowly as it does in many other space sim games (e.g. Eve, X3, ...).  As it is, if you're low on cash, simply cap a ship and you'll be back in black.Pro:- Pretty- Lots of ships- Large mapCon:- Not a whole lot of variety or depth.- Different ships don't seem different enough (i.e. play style remains largely the same)- Voice acting is terrible; would have been better without.- Overly simplistic reputation system (see above)."
76561198111440133,Recommended,236150,25388490,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,-={OBI-WAN-SHINOBI}=-,"I love this game. I thought I had a game breaking bug. So I complained about it on the discussion page. A developer messaged me back. He asked me to send him my save file and log. It turned out  to be a mod I had from a couple years ago. I deleted the mod and the game was working fine again!This game is beautiful. It can get a little repeative. But I really enjoy it. It's a really good one for the genre. I recommend it. grab it on sale, and you will really get your money's worth!!"
,Recommended,236150,9135703,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kodos Macarthur,"If you're looking for your EVE Online fix, this is the game for you.  Best of all, it's Single-Player (for now, at least.  Not sure if MP is going to be a thing or not).  No pirate players to come rain on your parade.  No constant worry of whether or not you'll be blown to smithereens when you come out of a gate.  Scan anomalies!  Mine asteroids!  Hunt down the bad guys!  You can do it all.  Had there been a demo for this game for me to try out beforehand, I would have easily paid double its asking price for it.  It's most definitely worth it and more."
,Not Recommended,236150,33766181,Posted: 24 July,all,Ser Robyn Highart,"It could be fun. However a very clunky control scheme gets in the way. By that I mean the fact that to simply look around the ship, one has to press two keys to enter a ""turret mode"", then ""targeting"", and then the camera follows a target reticule, instead of a 1:1 mouse control. This is terrible in battles and travel alike.In battles, the information on a hostile ship is tethered to its position in space. Therefore, to see any info like distance, health, danger, one must be looking at it. Without direct line of sight, all one gets is an arrow pointing to where it is. Trying to fly the ship, keep an eye on its vitals, whilst also trying to get a look at the enemy ship that is behind you is bloody tedious. I eneded up just not bothering, and stayed in the most intuative control mode, forcing me to simply circle around until the enemy came into view. This made the battle boring and devoid of tactics.The game is beautiful and the ships look cool. One can even name their ship and have the name appear on the hull. There is also quite a bit of long distance travel to do. Combine those things and what happens? The player ends up wanting to look at the vistas and maybe get a nice cinematic view of the ship on a long and uneventful voyage. However, with this clunky camera it just doesn't happen. Firstly, because it simply sucks in the first place, being slow and restricted, with a million different modes and keys. Secondly, because once the destination is reached, one has to reverse all that crap and get into the proper control mode in order to be able to fight. Constant mode and targetting switching is just tedious and not worth the effort.If they had just copied the controls of the countless 3rd person space games out there, at least the game would be playable. I could see myself playing it quite a bit. But when I can't even comfortably look at the freaking ship up close, from an angle I like whilst exploring then I just cannot reccomend or play it. In short, the ship is a chore to handle. I'm not saying the game is too hard, bwaaaah. I'm saying simple things take too many steps to perform and are badly implemented.When a mod comes out to overhaul the camera, I will come back and recommend the game."
,Recommended,236150,13198898,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Drej_X_Army,"Liking it so far. Some learning curve, but plenty of guides. Feels good to be able to fly around, in sandbox, and just do anything. Great mix of Freelancer and Privateer."
76561198165461145,Recommended,236150,23631428,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FarmerSamB,"123 hours in and I'm only done with one of the 4 playthroughs I can do. I need to say no more, I'm addicted."
76561198019543617,Recommended,236150,25069623,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GEM,"Relaxing, simple, accessible and fun.SG2 is easy to learn and relaxing to play. While other games might have more depth, this game is so easy to pick and casually play that you get easily get sucked in.I can see that it won't satisfy forever, but well worth the ride."
76561198005633669,Not Recommended,236150,17353191,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Sludig,"Unfinished, unrefined, nothing better than making a 30 minute travel/run and you randomly explode for no reason. (Not a super hero ship or anything, which is another fun suprise)"
,Not Recommended,236150,31195343,Posted: 17 April,all,B|ackbeard,"Meh.Decent game, major compatability issues, crashes at random story points.Combat is repetetive, voice acting isn't much to brag about.Is it worth the price? No.But you really want to check this game out? Wait for a sale."
76561198026737316,Recommended,236150,13000472,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Shineshine,"Hi GuysUpdated 15th december.After spending sometime into this game heres my review.Pros1) Great graphics and good music.2) Freedom to roam and also a campaign to play.3) Tons of ships, items to equip your ship.you can hire troopers to board and take over ships! Hire officers and also mercenaries.4)You have missions available at different places where you can accept or reject to earn money and experiences.5) Mods availble for this game.6) You have traits and specials skills as you level.Cons1) Tutorials wordings are too small!!!2) I find it not very user friendly even though the tutorials are there for you. It seems that I struggle for quite some time to get used to it and also the mission chart map seems nto well constructed. To me its not user friendly.3)Something is missing in this game I am not too sure.I will still recommend this game because of the things you can do in the game. Its the freedom to roam. This game is a hit and miss , If you are not sure I will suggest you get it on Sale or bundle. Its much more worth it."
76561197994281375,Recommended,236150,21926046,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Harm,"6 out of 10Starpoint Gemini 2 is a space exploration and combat game.  In short, I expected somewhat more.   In the end I just could not finish it as it just dragged on and on.The good:1. Great platform.  Space, ships, weapons etc.2. Capturing enemy vessels.The bad:3. I always seemed to die at the most inopportune times.  Then need to reload and re-traverse the same bits over and over.4. Storyline is not very exciting.  No animation or something else to give it some life.The ugly:5. Very repetitive.  The game needed more unique locations and content."
76561198143272052,Not Recommended,236150,31227940,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr. Mayo,"I thought this would be the Mount and Blade of Space. It isn't. I got this for five bucks, its not worth itIf you like dicking around in space doing basically nothing then here ya go. There is no reason to progress and get better weapons, as I was able to take down ships with an ""Impossible"" Rating without taking any damage at all. Combat is useless, as you make more money shooting rocks and selling what you find than being a pirate.I'm sure this game apeals to more methodical players that want to learn all the ins and outs, but if your a guy like me who doesn't have the time or patience to do that, this isn't for you.Note I didnt try the story so keep that in mind when making your decision to buy the game or not."
,Recommended,236150,23878249,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dhelltar,"I know I only have a few hours in on this game, but I already love it.  It reminds me of the old game Freelancer in all the good ways, with a smattering of Darkstar One thrown in for good measure.  It also has many features all its own, but if you liked either of those games, I think you will like this one.  I already know that I will be coming back to play this game for long into the future."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,236150,12769677,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,nephilimnexus,"Graphics are good, action is nice, the gameplay smooth and mostly bug free.  In many ways this game does things exactly right.  So why the thumbs down?Because it does one thing wrong and that one thing is enough to drag the rest down with it: It tries to use MMO logic in a single player game.  Which is to say that the grind is the whole of the content.  Do this mission to get credits to get a bigger ship with bigger guns so that you can do a mission with a bigger enemy to get more credits to get an even bigger ship etc etc ad hoc infinitum.  Once you hit max level and get the best ship there really isn't anything left to do except mindlessly blow things up at random.  It gets old really, really quick.Yes there is a story option but the missions in that story are hardly any different than the randomly generated ones from freeroam.  They just add voiceovers to some rather poorly written dialog.Still, the price is cheap and they game is entirely without it's virtues.  It just doesn't have anything to really hold a person's attention for very long."
76561198037969359,Recommended,236150,12657819,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,bayareajoe,"Fun game. Not perfect, but enjoyable nonetheless. I really enjoyed boarding and collecting new ships. Rather short game, though.Hands down, the worst part of this game is the voice acting. Terrible, terrible, voice acting."
76561197996697822,Recommended,236150,12272175,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,bbeeyy,"I dont do reviews, but this game is the exception.  Totally caught me by surprise with engaging gameplay and storyline.  If you love space then this is it.  Eve, Star Citizen, and Homeworld fans watch out.  Starpoint Gemini has the potential to beat them all with updates and cool mods.  Finally a great space game!!!!"
,Recommended,236150,12276842,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,axisandallies79,"If, in your gaming memory you remember the classics like ""Freespace"" and ""Privateer"", and loved them, this is the game for you.  The interface is slick, operative and easy to use an understand.  There is a campaign, but my limited time with it just made me hungry for the freeroam mode, as I wanted to be a smuggler or pirate.  What's more the team at LGM is going to keep improving this title in the coming months, and it is likely to become not only a stopgap for ELITE: Dangerous and StarCitizen, but a competitor; and a great one.  I can't recommend this game enough.  You are really in for a treat if you take the time to take the tutorials and just be ready to forge your destiny."
76561197992514949,Recommended,236150,8558764,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MadRush,I bought this because I was looking for a good exploration action adventure space game and I am gald to say I have found it!!! - it is in the early Alpha stage but it does not play or look like that this game is amazing and it has a great support system and with each update it gets better - i love it -- so many games came out this year as full retail versions but were buggy and terrible thay should take a page out of this companys book and make more quality games like this. Best money I ever spent Thank you
,Recommended,236150,10872720,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Genoism,Great game!
76561198039003695,Recommended,236150,8687305,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Zerin,llike mass effect 2 but less ground combat and more space combat its very fun but could use more and bigger ships
,Recommended,236150,10225151,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Varfir,"One of the best damn Sci-fi games ever!Try it out you will not be disappointed!It is a fully open world...in this case...""Open Space"" would be more dead on.Your also in command of your own starship and can do whatever the heck you want.Can't get much more epic then this game.Cheers."
76561198023720431,Recommended,236150,10923796,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tymmicus,"Very fun space sim, very much in the ""Freelancer"" vein.  You get a ship, fly from port to port, buy and sell commodities, mine asteroids or take on freelance missions for fun and profit.  Your ship is upgradeable with an assortment of weapons and buffs available at any port with a drydock; there seems to be a pretty decent variety in the different planetary sytems.  Hiring officers (up to 3, at least on my frigate class) will give you additional buffs; each officer has different strengths, and no two are exacly alike in my gameplay so far. You can add to your fleet by capturing enemy ships after boarding them with your troopers, or do it the old fashioned way, and save up your credits.   Kind of reminds me of ""Eve:Online"", without all the annoying other people! ;)"
,Recommended,236150,17113850,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*Don't let the boring tutorial text scare you off if you're new to the genre. It's not as complex of a game as they would have you think. In fact, it's quite easy to learn once you know the basics. I'm new to the genre myself and read comments saying this game is too simple and dumbed down. So if that's true then this game is a good place to start, because I had fun playing the free roam sandbox mode.Lots of stuff to explore. Good controls. Nice visuals. Cool soundtrack.The negative:Earning money is slow until you're strong enough to take on heroes. You'll have a hard time earing enough to buy a new and better ship (which is important). However, once you start killing those heroes for rewards, you will quickly earn more than you need (which in turn feels a little imbalanced).Sandbox mode was a little repetitive. Short framrate drops when the game loads a new area in front of you (which in turn have lead to a crash here and there).If I was to play again, I'd start the story mode instead of the free roam.Cool game!"
76561198010320455,Recommended,236150,14201319,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,fatboy21007,epically fun game!
76561198111606488,Recommended,236150,28633832,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Req,"so ive never been one for grind games. ive never fully enjoyed the objective of having to do lots of tiny bits to achieve the end goal, but i have to say i thoroughly enjoyed this game. I got the gold pack and have completed both the main story line, soa and of course titans. I find myself actually enjoying the aspect of flying around and stealing ships, taking on fleets and planning my moves. I feel the whole grinding aspect actually pays off when you go from ship to ship and i have to say, personale faves are the baeldor ships. or if you manage to find it the echelon, which is a beast of a ship. overall i love the designs of the ships,  yes the voice acting may be a bit iffy at times but i think it adds to the overall feel of the game, and even though there is a huge grind for ships, the rewards are well worth it. from a novice gamer who never really played these kinds of games i can well and truly say it is money well spent, and i am more than looking forward to warlords."
,Recommended,236150,12687745,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,NegativePositive,"To me it's like an arcade X3. Lot earier to get action and jump right into the game, but the trade means nothing in this game and your ""fleet"" is your one ship (and you only can have 1) and a merc you hire. Still fun for a time killer, but I prefer actually doing something that means something to the game like X3 does every second your in.So while there are freighters capable to carrying a good chunk of cargo and yea you do trade, it means nothing. The prices are random so you're selling high and buying low but it doesn't mean anything to the universe around you like X3's chained trade."
,Recommended,236150,10545379,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TACitUp,"Great Space Sim... Developers are always adding new stuff and I can't wait to see where it is going.  EZ flight control, beautiful graphics, and true to self.  I really like the mechanics of the game, much more friendly then X Rebirth yet not to simple to loose interest in.Love to see...- story missions- Missions from NPCs from space (things like, ""engines failed, tow me to station..."" or ""Pirates took my cargo, go get it back for me..."")- crafting- Custom ship building- Named loot drops from destroyed shipsOver all I would say it is a good 20 hours play now but when it is done it will be EPIC"
76561198024218344,Recommended,236150,12167463,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gaming Raz,"Remember that dissapointment called X-Rebirth?Starpoint Gemini blows X-R from outer space AND it's in Beta!So you can imagine when this space sim is finished it will leave X-R in the dead of space!Give Starpoint Gemini 2 a shot now. Or wait till it's done. One way or the other, this game is one of the best out there.Thanks LGM! Great work and slam the bass in that audio!"
,Recommended,236150,25437057,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,namphibian,"Since my life is so busy I cant play games much, I come from the angle of a almost n00b to the space sim, free open world games. I always wanted to see space but since our kind is more content sitting on this planet beating each other with sticks I suspect I wont achieve this dream....So I bought most of the X series and I loved the idea but got so frustrated with the controlls and other nuancses that I probably spent about 4 hours in the last one I bought which was X3. I spent some time on X2 but due to lack of time I just never got into it.If only there was decent space sim that is not so complex I need to study a 1000 page manual to get into it and this certainly proved to be the one I was looking for. Easy to get in but I suspect fiendishly hard to master.Considering this is a brand new games studio I must give them a big 4 little thumbs up(I only have 4 thumbs). The interface is simple and clean. Objectives are forward and to the point. Graphics are great and I spend my time on the mindless train trip between Gordon and Blacktown with my laptop keeping me nice and warm as I just muddle around in the universe.It is a bit grindy at the start as you try and figure how to get to bigger things but overall a very enjoyable experience if you want something really deep but not obscure.Great effort and I am looking forward to what LGM studios brings out next."
76561198006243109,Recommended,236150,12268949,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ronin75,"It might not have the graphics of Xrebirth, but gameplaywise it is a thousand times better and everything Xrebirth should have been. Fantastic Job Devs!"
76561197974835715,Recommended,236150,8060750,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,snerge,"Freerlancer lovers, this is the space gave you've been waiting. Fighthing, repair, mine, board, trade, loot, with RPG system. What more can you ask ? Sill an alpha, tend to crash from time to time."
76561197999335975,Recommended,236150,14100148,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,AOD_Jones*,"Probably the best next gen space sim availible. I have been looking for a while for a good space sim, and I love this. Esspeacially with the availibilty of Steam Workshop, really makes it have a lot of potential and feeds my space needs. X series is horrible. EVE only will pay itself off in time played during tutorials alone. The fact of the Steam Workshop sells this game itself. Just takes time, time people don't want to put in becuase they are not immersed enough. Trading starts slow and hard.. Realistically... Takes time to make 40,000,000.. relistically.. Killing off the bounty board and Salvaging derelects with swarms pays out great.. Doing trade and side missions in between. Save often. It just crashed on me. :( I only get one frame hangs durning New Sectors, or loading side missions.. I havn't gone under a steady 45fps with maxed out graphics and custom textures.I modded all the textures and the music. Added ships and changed voices. I'm immersed and won't stop till I got a fleet with some mercs and launch fighters out of my carrier, unleashing hell."
76561198084239937,Recommended,236150,24557527,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DEV,"27-Jul-2016 : Finished main story + extrasEquipment : MSI GT80-2QE NotebookREVIEW :First thing first, this is not arcade space sim combat like Elite Dangerous, this is RPG game with space sim combat. You start with a small ship and you can play it like arcade space sim combat since the RPG elements seems irrelevant at the beginning. But as your rank get higher and you get access to bigger ships, you find yourself constantly outnumbered and outgunned. Tactical combat and RPG elements (properly developed character and ship) becomes essential to win a combat.The game is open world. To be powerful enough to progress through the main quest, you can do faction side quests, freelance quests, mining. trading, bounty hunting, pirating and capturing ships. The graphics and soundtrack is great, the story is mediocre with really bad voice acting. This game is not a high budget A-List game, so there's no fancy 3D cutscenes with motion tracking and real voice actors.The game also really mod-friendly. You can edit stats and even your savegames using a simple text editor. This mod-friendly approach is more handy that it seems. For example, my favorite Carrier-class ship doesn't come with a cloaking device. Easy, edit the ship stats file using Notepad and add the cloaking device myself. There's also Mod Tools to build your own contents. If you're a Trekkie, make sure you try the Star Trek Ship Mods in the Steam Workshop.The developer also generous enough to give a free DLC titled ""Origins"". This free DLC offers 30 storyline missions of the original Starpoint Gemini, re-envisioned and ported to SPG2 engine. So if you never play the 1st one, you can play it now without extra cost. Basically you get 2 games for the price of one.CONCLUSION :Recommended on full price, a must-have on sale price."
76561197998167902,Recommended,236150,22750000,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Suslik,"A decent capital ship combat game, but somewhat shallow.Pros:+ A wide variety of ships and equipment+ Combat is a little simplistic but fun nonetheless. Reminds of Rebel Galaxy but offers more control.+ Capturing enemy ships feels satisfying+ Looks good enough. I somehow love the battle hud(blue ring thingie around your ship, appears on some of the screenshots) and miss it in other similar games.Cons:- Probably the worst voice acting in game history. Some voices are really irritiating, especially protagonist's.- Even though all ships are capital ships, you don't feel their scale. For example if you play X3/X:Rebirth, you do feel that your massive capital ship is a massive capital ship. Here all ships are basically the same size and you don't have anything to compare them to.- RPG elements are pretty lame- Story progression is sometimes very confusing. Like you won't have enough crew on your starter ship to capture any other ship (and start earning significant amount of money) or you'll simetimes find that you need 10 more levels to actually pilot a ship you've just earned. Or later in the game I kept getting way more levels than I actually needed.- Limited ship customization options. You can arbitrarily choose any weapons for your ship which's good, but its subsystems are predefined for any given hull and you can just upgrade them slightly via enhancements.- Even though I did rush the game in the end, I have completed it(without DLC stuff) in 32 hours on the hardest difficulty which's a little underwhelming for this kind of games.Grab this game if:You want a little arcadish broadside-style capital ship combat driven by a campaign scenario.Avoid this game if:If you're looking for a very in-depth experience similar to X3/EVE or physically plausible ship controlling similar to Elite. This game has a strong indie feeling to it, don't expect anything of AAA-like scale.My overall rating is 7/10, I did enjoy this game and I'm really looking forward to its successor Starpoing Gemini : Warlords."
,Recommended,236150,22947372,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"Althought the campaign game was uninteresting, I put 22 hours into the free roam, cruising around to different planets and engaging in space combat. The singleplayer campaign leaves a lot to desired, as the RPG elements are limited, and it is essentially a ""fly here-destroy"" ""fly there"" destory game. I did not get the impression of a complex game, but merely a simplistic space simulator, with very little depth. Worth it for a bargain, and only if you are interested in space sim games that are not too complex or fascinating. Factions only differ in name and equipment, and the presentation is shallow overall.Overall, this does not feel complex and finished enough to reccommend for a full price, but I would recommend buying for  a bargain."
76561198102099612,Not Recommended,236150,17655584,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Cervidal,"The combat is painful.  And tedious.  And just plain painful.Even on a high end machine, it seems like everything lags behind about a quarter second, which means you miss everything and anything.I'm an MMO guy, and even I can't handle the grind necessary to make anything worthwhile in this game.I genuinely regret Steam not having its refund policy in place in time to get my money back here."
,Recommended,236150,22895841,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Ice Cold Rocker,"KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK HERE GUYS BECAUSE JUST LIKE THAT I HAVE LOST MOST OF MY ATTENTION WITH SWTOR THIS IS A VERY RICH DEEP GAME HERE The flow is nice & you are not that timed on missions or at least not at the point where I am in the game. I have much experience with games of this nature. However, this right here is just nice. The music, the planets, the gear and ships. You definitely got my attention. I'll be honest that I bought the game & never opened it that much because another game here that will go unmentioned really destroyed it for me with games of this format. I recommend this to all who have been disappointed with sandbox/open-world games lately. You will not be disappointed because looks like they actually listened to the players. Hint: if you like the X3 Trilogy with a little of EVE ONLINE then go with this ONE HERE FOLKS. It's no pay to win or confusing irrevelant aspects such as if you run into a friendly target you get penalized in rank. RIGHT ON! FINALLY! Someone actually thinking!"
76561198065985009,Recommended,236150,12307572,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ricardokis,"If you liked Freelancer, you probaly will like this one, it´s not as polished as i tought but the devs of this game are constantly updating."
76561198128847468,Recommended,236150,15863805,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MISC-FREELANCER,"Well is not bad game, u can't really expect it's like EVE or Star citizen such game, it only has 3.6GB, but it has trading and fighting system, and I pretty enjoy it."
,Recommended,236150,9946995,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"This is EVERYTHING I have ever wanted in a space combat game and it has powerful RPG elements to boot!Combat is a blast, navigation is a breeze and graphically it's beautiful.For the price its a steal."
76561197970683218,Recommended,236150,7853061,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,romartel,Just started plalying Starpoint Gemini 2....Game still beta but seem much stable compare to XR..Very nice graphic also..
,Recommended,236150,7868114,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Superior Potato™,A good and enjoyable game for being in alpha. well worth a look :)
76561198072943403,Recommended,236150,14642272,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fantredath,My personal favorite Space Sim.Excellent gameplay.Exceptional Artwork.Perfect Community.MEEP!
,Not Recommended,236150,14979524,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,huh12354,"This game is great if you want a single player RPG and to run around in space.  The free roam is cool but gets old, and the story gives you purpose but it is limited.  This GAME WOULD BE EPIC if it had multiplayer support.  If you could build a fleet with real humans and maybe go raid someone that might be able to apply a little bit of strategy.  The biggest drawback is that it is linear, you want to beat someone get some better guns... or a bigger ship, thats it.  Buy a long range weapon and you can literally just tease the AI until they are dead waiting out of there auto combat range, attacking them and backing off when they chase so they start all over."
76561198037847438,Recommended,236150,12392988,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,untrodden12#if you know you know,a good game loving the sandbox element takes along time to level up and get promotions but... brillant game outshines freelancer by far get into it give it achance steal aship- or 2 campagign goos so far wish the map would zoom out a bit more but youll find that out animation excellent addictive yes alot ai dam not stupid .............go kill pirates to lvl up quickly its quicker than campaign guaranteed i have the top cruiser and only on the second it of the campaign again played on gunner this time excellent game well made at last a breath of open space go forth and explore live fast and kill pirates .....................
76561198033312276,Recommended,236150,12293509,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,chevelle71ss,"Some intial problems with the game almost made me eat my own scowling face with rage. For serious, it took four tries just to make it launch and once it did launch it took two restarts to make it launch without messing its big boy pants. Finally, I got into the game, started playing, and immidiately strangled myself with my own mouse cable. This will happen, don't panic. Just unwrap yourself or, if you have to, find an adult to help. At first the controls feel as stable as a drunken donkey with the skurvy, at least with a mouse. I flopped around for quite a while, but eventually not only was I flying circles around the bad guys, I was...no, I was just flying circle cause that's how I dodge enemy fire while keeping my guns trained on them. The point is the flopping became on purpose, cause stragedy; now the controls seem alright to me. The map is roughly six times bigger than something really, really big (a house, a small country, yo momma, etc.). It's big, like hugemongous. Think of something really big, and then know that this is much bigger. The game has two modes: Campaign and Freeroam, although a Campaign save can abandon the story to go chase space squirrels once you realize that space rodents are much more interesting. I played the Campaign for about an hour, then made a new character in Freeroam who is a morbidly obese, one-eyed robot smuggler with a ship so fast that no one has thus far been able to catch it and I regret absolutely nothing. Freeroam is why you buy this game. Freeroam will consume you. I have accepted that this game is my new family, and you must too. Don't fight it. Let Space Daddy carry you away in his big, strong hands. Shhhhhh..... 8/10"
76561197970265843,Recommended,236150,12387461,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,HawkleyFox,"Starpoint Gemini 2 makes for a pretty enjoyable space sim experience, but it is very lacking in depth.  It tries so hard to give you the complexity one desires in a space sim with features like capturing ships using marines, scanning anomalies, and coming across derelicts just waiting to be scavenged, but in the end, these activities are very superficial.  They eventually become very routine and the rewards are often limited to money or experience.  Levelling up your character doesn't grant much satisfaction, except for when a perk point is given.Not much is required before you'll be rocking around Gemini in the biggest ship the game has to offer, decked out with the biggest guns, with all the best upgrades.  Luckily, this doesn't make you the ultimate end-all-be-all combat god of the universe.  Combat appears to be balanced in such a way that you will always be vulnerable and dealing with this turns out to require very different strategies depending on the size of your ship.Combat is one of the things this game does very well, and a challenge always awaits you as the game throws squadrons of enemies at you routinely, even the periodic Legendary or Hero ship, which offers an even greater challenge and huge money rewards for the latter.Otherwise, this game seems like a pretty casual space sim.  You will get plenty of enjoyment out of it, but you won't get invested in it like you'd like, which makes the sub-40 dollar price tag perfect for the experience it offers."
76561197967812621,Recommended,236150,12394086,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,EиKI - Son  of AN,"Fluent controls, nice space, nice models. Would like to have more options regarding the gui (smaller crossair, scale of the ui elements (maybe deactivation) :)"
,Recommended,236150,12293874,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dougal,"A qualified ""Buy.""This game is basically Freelancer. The variety is a bit lacking, but the gameplay is pretty solid.A few caveats: (2 Days after Release)- In it's current form, balance is an issue, some activities are far more profitable than others.- Enemies scale in difficulty based on your level, it's possible to earn too much experience and not enough money to prevent yourself from being anihillated by everything.- Some technical issues remain (Framerate is locked at 30FPS, Some graphics options are disabled. Crashes are rare but occur.)TLDR: If you loved freelancer, and want more of the same, you'll probably enjoy this. Don't expect anything revolutionary, however."
,Recommended,236150,14729209,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Admiral Kirk,"Bought this game not that long ago and i have had a blast. Simple yet hard and fun combat, the focus of the game is on large capital ships instead of fighters something i like very much, it makes you feel like a proper captain. Awesome ships designs and graphics. The game gives you tons of freedom to to what you want to do, you want to be a pirate go ahead, trader sure, miner or a bounty hunter have at it.The game has one of the best and most active dev team i have seen, they activly talk with their gamerbase and activly put in new features and ideas in the game. This game is going to evolve alot and they are planing many more awesome features. Its a very good game and a must buy for folk that like space games.Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 8/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 8/10Overall 8/10"
76561197963400690,Recommended,236150,14627924,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,kremit,"This game is a TRUE open world space RPG. I really love this game, despite is few shortcomings.Freedom: Full freedom to do whatever you want, wherever you want, whenever you want is why this game is great. You can become a full time miner and collect minerals, you can ferry goods from station to station and trade for money, you can capture enemy ships and DRAG them back to your base to sell.Combat: Perhaps the best part of this game is the combat system. It is really like a 3d dogfight in space ships. Do not expect a true space physics, but the combat system is one of the most fun I have played. You actually fly the ship yourself and shoot the weps yourself. Direct full energy to shields to survive, weps to destroy, or engines to run like hell!RPG: You gain levels as you go. You can kill ships for small XP or do missions for more XP. You can level up each of your 4 special skills, get bonuses to your ""profession"", and buy new ships at higher levels, each with their own special traits.Glitches: I have had about 10 full crashes in 24 hours of playtime. I have many out of memory errors when I still have lots in task manager, although the game still runs, for a while... In game glitches are more frequent but less noteworthy."
76561198006553071,Recommended,236150,14731862,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Worldspawn,"4/5I´ve been looking for a game that resembles one of my old favorites, Freelancer so when I found this I got very excited.Sat down, launched the campaign and boy did I smile once I had it all set up and flew through space on my way to my first mission. Gonna try to list some of the pros and cons belowPros+ Nice graphics+ Awesome soundtrack (seriously, I leave the game running when I go to bed)+ Lots of ships+ Select between campaign and Freeroam and choosing the first won´t stop you from doing the roaming freely.+ Many different factions+ Huge map+ Really nice controls once you get the hang of them+ Active devs, seen them post in the steam forums many times+ Many different ways to make money in-game+ Rare drop blueprints+ Achievements+ Many difficulties (only tried normal)Cons- The voice acting in the campaign lacks feeling- Sometimes it´s impossible to target things by clicking on them (think it might be a bug cause if you click on something else and then try again, it works). No real problem though since it´s uncommon and you can always use quickbinds for targeting stuff.- I´ve had a few crashes since I bought it but since the game is being actively patched (and I haven´t crashed for a few days) it might have already been fixed or I feel confident they'll fix it.- Might get a little repetitive after a whileHaving played it quite a lot the past weeks I'd say it's one of my best purchases in a long time and it deffinitly deserves a strong 4!1 - Crap, don't buy2 - Fun for an evening3 - It's an alright game but not my taste4 - Great game5 - One of the best I've ever played"
,Recommended,236150,12269269,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NorCalRoach,Awesome awesome awesome awesome game
,Recommended,236150,12269506,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,cosmos6173,"This game reminds me of some of the classics of the past. The graphics are nice and the gameplay is not overly complex yet does not lack depth. Bottom line, I like it and I think it is well worth the money. Good jobs devs for making a fun game for us to enjoy."
76561198016880157,Recommended,236150,12279044,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Riik,"This game can be summed up as a modern day Freelancer, but with capital ships instead of fighters. It shares many similarities with the aforementioned game, as well as some enjoyable improvements, and will probably be the best single player Freelancer-style space sim available for a good while. With Star Citizen focused on multiplayer, look no further than Starpoint Gemini 2 to fill the gap between the two.Like Freelancer, you can play with keyboard and mouse, with a rather familiar flight control style to Freelancer players. But although SG2 offers support for other gaming controllers, it's far from polished right now - it's near-enough unplayable with the popular Saitek X52 HOTAS, given the rediculous deadzone on all axes. However, if anything, the keyboard and mouse feels more natural to use in this game anyway, given you're playing the role as a ship (and later, fleet) commander.Comparing this game to the failure that was X-Rebirth, SG2 comes out on top. Although more arcady, SG2 is significantly more enjoyable from the getgo."
,Recommended,236150,12274553,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Antiscamp,"I've had Starpoint Gemini 2 since Early Access, but I didn't know how to play it. Only a couple of days before release from beta did I start watching YouTube videos on how to play it and since then I've been having quite a bit of fun with it. I'm hooked.Right now, I'm ten hours into the game playing Freeroam; I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of this huge game. I kinda like how I can go in-game if I have some time over and just do a couple of quick missions, while, if I want to play for longer, I can do long trips to the end of the galaxy that will take hours and involve lots of exploration and combat. It's beautiful, it's fun and it's satisfying. I like Freeroam mode, but there's also a storyline mode.The modding is going to be awesome. Watch out for some big total conversions for this one! Also, the community and developers are really friendly."
76561198062035750,Recommended,236150,12271852,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sh4d0wfury,"Not a big fan of the space rpgs, but this one looked interesting, so i gave it a try and it is amazing!NEVER have I EVAR loved space so much, I'm hooked.so suddenly trying to come back my account is VAC Banned for no reason, after having not played in like a year"
76561198018329595,Recommended,236150,12273514,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,spizone,"Brilliant! This is more a thankyou than a review, but will say back in the day 1993 i think, there was a game called Wing Commander Privateer. This game reminds me of that, hours and hours pf play time......Also love the fact you can play this game at any pace you like, big plus for an oldtimer like me....Marc 10/10"
,Recommended,236150,12279157,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Clarity,Excellent Game !
,Recommended,236150,12271126,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Thetombomb,Great gameplay especially now with the Campaign in v1.0.
,Recommended,236150,12274766,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LangieNZ,"This is a great game. Graphics are top notch with a really nice pellet of colours used. Story line is easy to follow. Plenty of ways to play like mine, trade, police, smuggle or fight. Down side is learning the controls.The tutorial is like a wiki, text and image based which I found hard to follow. I tried to play using my controller but found it impossible to shot because the controller buttons for the menu were the same buttons to fire and target, this meant I could not manually fire my guns. If I am missing something maybe a video tutorial on how to play with the controller would help so maybe a member of the community could help here.Once I switched back to the mouse I found flying around quite enjoyable. You do not have to fly far to run into some action which I liked. Over all I like this game very much, and did I mention the great sound effects and epic music."
,Recommended,236150,12279077,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,fenders,"I really love the game, the open world and freedom to do what I want is so simple yet nobody seems to ever give the true freedom of choice that I want in a space game. I'm really happy with it. I only have one complaint and a two suggestions. For the complaint, and it may be something on my end, I'm experiencing a lot of crashes, still worth it to reload every hour or so though. As for a suggestion, I love the open world sandbox feel, however a more effective fast travel would be nice. My second suggestion would be to work in some speaking graphics of an alien or human pirates or whoever is talking when I recieve a message from somebody in the upper left cornet within the exploration game. I just feel like it would be more engaging with that."
76561198036393654,Recommended,236150,12269645,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,twessy,"Edit: This was a review of the EARLY ACCESS! This does not reflect the new content added in the update, but once I play the retail version enough, I will be sure to update!For a while I have been looking for a good open-world space game, with nothing really looking like a decent game. For me, spore is the most experience with a space-style game, which I really loved, but I wanted to move on to better things. Then I saw Starpoint Gemini 2 in development. After watching some videos and seeing how fantastic the game looked, I decided to buy it, which was an excellent decision and one that I recommend anyone reading this review to follow.Little more needs to be said about the visuals. They are fantastic. Combat is also really well done, and content is surprising since it is still in development and only has one gamemode so far.The most disappointing thing about this game for me was that there is no option to actually explore planets. This is purely a space exploration game, which of course is why the price is not rediculously high and is very reasonably priced especially for a game so modern that it is still in development. That limitation is really the one thing which is keeping this from being my dream game, but it is definitely fantastic for what it was designed for. Just make sure to dock whenever possible so that you can save and not lose a ton of progress!Overall, I definitely recommend this game whether you are new to the space scene or a veteran. Especially at this price point, it is an excellent buy!"
76561197994470708,Recommended,236150,12270025,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,flums2nd,"Needs better gamepad integration, but seems like the best bet for an ""EVE Offline"" game right now."
,Recommended,236150,12276181,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Adom,pretty good m8
76561197994321686,Recommended,236150,12268217,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,markelphoenix,"Very fun, well thought out space rpg."
76561197986544860,Recommended,236150,12269965,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,W]M[D Halroy,It's like Freelancer but better. Think of it as Eve Offline.
76561197994554776,Recommended,236150,12270172,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Bushwacker,I love the game!! There are so many things to do to keep things interesting. And its only going to get better! Great idea and this one will be a classic!!
,Recommended,236150,12241911,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,spiritofthefalcon,"First off I'd like to say that I can't recommend this game or not, its still in its development without a storyline yet. It has a lot of potential but also a lot of stuff to work on.Much of what the others have said is absolutely right. The money/combat balance system is so wonky at the moment. There have been times I fought 2 'impossible' ships and knocked them out almost immediately, and then 3 'trivial' ships have taken me down a little while later. Using manual aiming is a massive handicap because you can only fire from a few turrets at a time and trying to lead a ship is next to impossible at many ranges. I have yet to come across another gun, light or heavy, that is stronger than the ones I started with.The skills and perks are lackluster at best, you start with all the skills and simply increase the efficiency slightly. Every five levels you get a perk, and again, that just adjusts your efficiency with one thing or another, 8% more money when trading, or 8% more damage with railguns, etc. Very uninspired stuff.And then the money, over the course of a week I got about a million, which isn't enough for any ship. Then when I get to a particular station I kill a bounty without even realizing the ship was one. After selling at the station, I get another bounty, and another. In the course of an hour I get 17 million and can pretty much afford whatever I want, except I can't fly much at the level I'm at.All in all it is a game on the cusp of having something really good going for it. There's a lot of potential here and I'll continue to play and explore because I do find it entertaining."
,Recommended,236150,12478169,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MicyTheBeast,"Alright. So...Downsides:1. There's a Commander class that benefits fleet and the best you can do for a ""fleet"" is hire 2 mercenaries later in the game.2. The map is THE BIGGEST FREE ROAM I'VE EVER SEEN. And it takes forever to get anywhere even with the PTE speed.3. First 4 campaign missions are travels (you kill like 2 ships) that take 5mins of travel time each if you don't get sidetracked. (Haven't gotten further yet)4. When mining, debris containing your precious loots flys everywhere faster than your ship moves, slowing the process.Upsides:1. The map is THE BIGGEST FREE ROAM I'VE EVER SEEN. I've spent almost 6 hours trying to open 10% of the map up. I've explored basically none of it, but now I know where the faction structures are for a little bit of a corner of a section of the map.2. Auto-aim from Open Fire actually leads the target instead of dicking around with straight shots based on current location. Awesome job.3. The ship types are easy enough to learn and yet there are enough of them to still have a good enough variety.4. Graphics are decent.5. You mine the same way you fight. By blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with your weapon systems.6. The ship you start with is more than enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥around and get work done for a while (so far all I had to replace was the weapon system).7. Enemies spawn/warp in often enough you don't have to explore to find cargo to sell. And they won't persue you fast enough that you can get away fairly quickly without much worry.8. The radar/scanner/mini-map is easy to understand as long as you're not a brick.9. Middle Mouse Button is your friend.10. Controls take a minute to get used to during combat, but you'll pick it up pretty quick since you just have to worry about positioning/dodging instead of aiming your light weapons.11. There's still a challenge when you're fighting in big fights.10/10 worth my money and time so far. Haven't played far into the campaign but I'll see how that goes, also. Awesome first empression and I definitely suggest dicking around in freeroam instead of starting with the campaing to figure stuff out, then turning off tutorials in campaign for a smoother ride."
,Recommended,236150,11297267,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Hybrid_Hero,I name thee.... EVE Offline! :D
76561198140015330,Recommended,236150,10878548,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,stingstrike,more fun than skyrim no matter what my play time says.
76561198048948986,Recommended,236150,8748192,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TOG | Broadax,Great game so far for an Alpha. Responsive Dev's and a great community. Can not wait for the final release.
,Recommended,236150,9122774,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GigaQuads,"This game is basically the dream game I have been looking for since I started playing video/computer games. It totally captures the essence of space games and fictions like Star Trek with a level of polish unheard of for an alpha. Constantly updated, and with a developer community unlike any I've seen; go to the community hub and find any conversation and I'll bet the developers have listened and participated at least once."
76561197994583970,Recommended,236150,9565748,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kimakaze,Alot better state in beta than X-Rebirth in full release.
,Recommended,236150,9397235,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SCIPHER99,Extremly well made game for a alpha build from what I have played so far.I really am very pleased with this game and the story amd how the ships handle.Well done Devs!
76561198047700151,Recommended,236150,9445704,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jack Aufenhand,"Much like the X series, except less in-depth and more immersive. Also makes menial tasks like asteroid mining fun. Only complaint is the lack of first person perspective.9/10. Here's hoping the game only gets better as the updates keep rolling."
76561197965625134,Recommended,236150,8600487,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,darknilious,"30 mins in and its pretty good so far, reminds me of a old Star Trek game I used to play where you can control the ship tactically and space combat is not all arcade dog fighting-like. Though the world is still layed out like most star trading games, IE- standard trading of goods from A-B, scanning stuff, fighting pirates and griding. Prices for upgrades and ships seem rather steep for the rewards given for quests, hopefully they get that figured out because that seems to be a exessive amount of grinding. Combat, navigation, and controls are really intuitive (played the first one since it was free and its controls are aweful) skiped the pop-ups and just jumped in. One suggestion that would be nice is thet able to attack the ports in space, as of now you can target but nothing connects and you can fly right through them. You would probably lose but its no fun without the option."
76561198011674078,Recommended,236150,10596847,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,clconboy,"bugs yes, not a complete product yes, but one amazing game that has so much potental! LOVE it so far can't wait for storyline!"
,Recommended,236150,9565434,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,mixTyZ,"Great game, I actually played this one more than your average 60$ singleplayer games developed by large comapnies. It's a great vast game and even though it just entered beta it shines and plays very well. It's a must have for lovers of the genre."
76561197991836169,Recommended,236150,9786187,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Majin Buutrape,"The game starts real slow, it gets better when you figure out your specailizations for weapons and enhancements etc, then you go round murdering for the loot. The pinnacle of money making is buying a big ship and grappling and boarding freightliners and dragiing i to a station like a caveman clamining his woman.LOVE IT"
,Recommended,236150,9434881,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Durn,"Amazing game so far. But if I could make a suggestion it would be to balance the economy. New ships are very exspensive and making money is very slow. Aside from that, its hard to not recommend this game."
,Recommended,236150,9986652,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Boss weapons!,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a game I've been following for a long time, hoping for a game that would dethrone Freelancer from its rightfull place. So far things look good and this might even be the case in the future, but as of now there's still plenty of work to be done. That doesn't mean SG2 wouldn't feel good to play. Does it?The game features a rather large open area The Gemini Star System. It's filled with stations, shipyards, bases, asteroid fields, junkyards, enemy ships, friendly ships, planets, anomalities, practically everything you would expect from a sandbox-type space game. It feels like there's a lot to do out there but at least for me that's not the case. This is because the game features very few different types of missions for the moment. There are freelance missions which you'll accept over the map view and then start them by docking with the correct facility, ship or planet. These missions usually involve hauling passangers or goods from the dock point to another. There are also scanning, repairing, patrolling and I think I even saw an assassination mission. These might keep you busy for a while but the samey repeating content of each mission type quickly lose their charm.The game's main emphasis is on space combat which for the most parts feels good. Ships fly in space and trade fire with missiles, beam weapons, plasma and railguns. Fighters fly out from the bigger ships and engage the enemies and boarding parties can devastate the enemy ships from within. You can fire manually or tell the game to target and fire on the target for you. I find this helpful since handling the ship in combat can be a real pain.You control your ship through two different control mechanics. The default one uses WASD to steer the ship while the mouse is used to target, shoot and activate buttons on the GUI. The second method is using the mouse to steer the ship. The ship turns along your mouse movement much the same way the default steering in Freelancer was handled. I prefer the former method in this game since using the mouse flight feels overly sensitive and I can't seem to make the ship fly straight or stay on target.In combat you also have to keep your ship from taking damage and face the stronger shield at your enemy while also focusing on distributing fire from your weapons evenly enough so you can have a sustained stream of fire at the target. I'm not sure if this is the intended way to fight but I've found it effective. You can also enter the turret view to move the camera and aim targets around your ship freely, this helps you to shoot targets your ships is not directly facing at.The combat is fairly entertaining, although like I mentioned above, steering the ship can be difficult and the default camera angle isn't helping much. When you need to fly on target it seems you have to place the target somewhere above your ship, close to the top edge of your screen. This is the actual direction the ship is moving towards to and it might take a while to get used to that. Also because of the odd camera angle I often had to keep the enemy ""above"" my ship to be able to fire the majority of my weapons at it. This just feels wrong, at least to me.The GUI is what really bothers me the most. It's overly colourfull, oddly clunky and the sound effects are horrendous. I have a tendency to go for a ""minimalist"" kind of look when it comes to user interfaces and such. In this game the UI makes me think of children toys, the large plastic kind with full of teeth marks and bright flashy colours. Actually, now that I think of it, the overall design and look of the game is overly shiny and gleamy. The ship designs could also be a tad more imaginative. Even the large battleships just look and feel like one-man fighter crafts even though they are supposed to be much larger than that.Overall the game has potential to be extremely entertaining. I like it so far even if the things I mentioned above might feel a little harsh. I've got great expectations for this game, although experience has taught me not to, but I can't help it. I'm longing for a good space combat/sim/whatever that has the feel and openness of Freelancer."
76561198006169257,Recommended,236150,8709820,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,E4GLEyE,"Only clocked in around 7 hours so far but woa... i am blown away.. even in alpha stage this game just shows an great potential and already nicely working elements such as capturing ships. You earn you money the way you want! nothing is forced as of now you can even flee or just ignore enemy ships... to be honest i think and hope that i found what i am looking for in a space game... but enough of me talking here is what i love and hate in it:Pro: Gorgeous graphics,Random Eventslots and lots of different ships to fight/flylarge map to explorecons: occasional frame drops (dusty asteroid field on the first spawn point... for me thats a brute videocard killer :D)Controls might be tricky (i use gunner view all the time while flying with keyboard its fine this way for me)alpha... i ignore the small bugs and stuff that are a usual visitor to ALL alpha stage games so ... yupoccasional small lock ups (1-2 sec) when an event/area is loading (but i kinda think this is only for me and my rather                        weak pc)Buy: If you want a very good space Single Player RPG and if you have the patience and nerves for an alpha (meself i did not encounter any huge bug and only had game crash one times so far)Dont Buy: if you are afraid of Alpha's (there is nothing wrong with that its totally acceptable) and if you are inpatient for them.9/10 for me (-1 is due to some lag issues I encounter)"
76561198031202599,Recommended,236150,8464229,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,exradar11,"This is a great game. Like all space sim/action/whatever, it takes a little to get comfortable with all the controls. There is so far only one real thing I'd change. There is a sense of ""I'm never ever gonna be able to afford that..."". The experience gained from freelancer missions is way too freaking small, and the upgrades to weapons are insanely expensive, not to mention I have no real idea how much of a boost they are giving me, because the data doesn't have % signs or adjustments shown.So really, it's a great game. Period. It seems like it would never end really, which is great. But I still have no sense of how long it will take to get to higher levels, because right now I'm level 3 (so like 6300/9000 points to next level) and each of these freelancer missions gets me like 50 freaking points! So I'm asuming never.I know I am just griping about that over and over, but that's it, that's the only drawback. Other than that, it has everything you want in a space RPG. Exploring, mining, upgrading, fighting (which is pretty hard, but really fun), assassinations, etc."
,Recommended,236150,13824049,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,burnthepigs,"A fun and accessible space sim, but suffers from lack of depth.The economy system could use an improvement, prices don't seem to vary much and it does not seem to work on a supply and demand system.The faction relation system seems shallow, with a faction being good or evil and depending on your stance factions belonging to one side will either like you or be an enemy. I almost wish it was like ""Mount and Blade"", with you joining a faction and assisting that faction capture enemy territory.Though besides it lack of depth in places, I still enjoyed the game for the time I spent in it."
76561198024335693,Recommended,236150,22800111,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,1muvwndr,"Great game. Lots of stuff to do, ships to capture, loot to find and so on.But I encountered several bugs too, mostly plot-related. Sometimes missions just won't progress after you do something. You'll have to reload and hope it doesn't happen again. Quite frustrating, especially if it involved a lenghty mission, or just lenghty waiting (talks between various characters).Otherwise a really fun game."
,Recommended,236150,13642929,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,dnationb,"Very enjoyable, a bit rough around the edges.Even with a few issues (voiceover audio not playing, no docking animations, navigation issues when you hit go-to when you're next to a station you've docked at, etc.) this game is very, very fun.Unlike the space sims before it (Freelancer) and the modern ones coming out (Elite: Dangerous and Star Citizen) which focus on the mechanics of a more agile fighter, Starpoint Gemini 2 focuses much more on a capitol ship feel. You're not a lone pilot darting through space in a dogfight, you're sitting at the helm of a Carrier, deploying fighters, and watching your crew unload your ship's payload. Power management is stressed, as is the use of powers and items that bolster shields, shut down enemy systems, etc.One thing I love about this game which I have not yet seen in another space sim is the ability to send your troops over to capture another ship. This happens to be one of the best ways to make money, and is extremely fun.Unfortunately it doesn't give you any experience (which seems a little peculiar, considering it's an integral part of many people's strategies), but the payout is fantastic.All in all, worth buying, though I haven't played it since Elite: Dangerous came out lol"
,Recommended,236150,14025791,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,conrad,"Fun game. reminds me somewhat of Eve, including the long distance traveling!"
76561198015083034,Recommended,236150,14037256,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,axessdenied,Good Game.
,Recommended,236150,26613128,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Captain X (PhoenixX),"I've not started any of the dlc, just doing the base game.    This is a nice trade/rogue/space game using a mission system very similar to how I want to make myself.  The proceedural missions scale with your skill possibly too quick, but all fights remain at least a minor challenge so you dont find yourself getting too over powered, or bored for that matter. If combat starts to bother you, mining exploring and salvage make nice distractions, and it all seems to help you gain xp if the next story mission prooves too much challenge.I've not encountered any crashes and much like self driving cars; the only bugs i find are when i let the ai do the work i should be doing from laziness ;)Seems like a nice casual trade/space/combat game in many ways reminding me of star trek online space combat."
,Recommended,236150,14049604,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Fester361,"A must for all fans of Freelancer, Eve Online and Nexus:The Jupiter Incident.Finally a storyline, but the pre-purchase which only included free-roam was worth it.Updates come thick and fast and this dev. listens to what the players want."
76561198021785827,Recommended,236150,12023122,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Typical Sully,when you play SPG2 you have to remember at the moment its a Beta and has the main story missing so full review not possible . So far i have given it about 30 hrs of play time and have discovered about 50% of the map so very replayable and keeps pulling you in to discover more . Lots of side missions available  but no side line stories or quests as of yet i assume these will come with the main quest . Although there are a abudance of different factions and ship and enhancements available easily enough to keep you going for a long time . There are also a large ammount of mods avaiilable throught the steam workshop which yet another dimension to the game especially if you like blowing things up with very big guns .I would fully recommend this game it has provided me with hours of entertainment and many more to come  during my play i have encountered no gliches or freezes to date  and all seems well . Looking forward to the Main story .
76561197964182076,Recommended,236150,14079452,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[KG]OldFart,"Pretty nice graphics game but the story ain't so good... still worth to play, since lots of ships to choose from and lots of ""random"" mission"
,Recommended,236150,29964818,Posted: 16 February,all,JohnnyBlue07,"I'm not sure how to review this one. There are some issues that I have with it that are just hallmarks of past space sims. So if you hate typical downsides of space sims, then this game doesn't really break that barrier. If you're not a fan of classic space sims, then this game doesn't deliver much outside of that. But first off, I got this game when it was 80% off 2 years after it released. I got it primarily to scratch that never-ending itch of playing a worthwile space sim while waiting for Star Citizen to be a more complete game. My review is about the base game with its base story missions and content.The main campaign is a revenge story of a son wanting justice for his dad's murder, but like past sci-fi games it quickly evolves into you saving the whole world or in this case a solar system. Cliched, I know, but I won't spoil it. The story likely took me about 8 hours to complete which I expected for a game like this. Like previous space sims before it, it allows you to do whatever you want and start any mission you want after the initial mission without an artificial lock like you need to be level X to do mission Y. Personally, I like that in open world games. There are supposedly 13 non-story mission types that are randomly generated on the map, but depending on your ship these missions can range anywhere from super easy or downright impossible. That was my first problem with this game. The randomly-created missions support the grindiness aspect of the game, and the rewards often feel lackluster even after progressing so far into the game. When you've done one ferry mission or security mission, you've done them all. There's no variation in each mission type. Just a difference in NPC ship difficulty. That's where problem 2 comes in.You can mine asteroids, crystals, and pockets of gas in certain sectors of the map that will reward you depending on the market value and how big your cargo hold can take. After getting the ship with the most cargo capacity and mining said sectors, the tediusness and grindiness settles in quick. If you like that aspect of space sims, where grinding = bigger and better ship then this is right up your alley. If not, then look elsewhere. Personally, after ~50 some hours of mining, salvaging, bounty hunting, raiding commercial ships and stations, escorting/protecting/rescuing NPCs and scanning space anomalies, I feel like this game scratched that itch. I can't say I enjoyed the whole grind experience, but I did feel satisfaction upon earning one of the best ships in the game. Once you get past the tedium and set up a ship goal, hours did fly for me by working up the reputation and credits to earn it. If you expect not to grind for a better ship, then expect to mod the game or not get the game at all.The leveling system is typical with missions giving you x amount of credits and experience points. You use these points to level up different abilities for one of three chosen classes (commander, gunner, engineer) that activate in-game to give your ship better stats momentarily like faster speed, more weapon damage, faster shield regeneration, etc. The reputation system is binary where doing missions for X faction will yield Y rep points and -Y rep for the opposing faction. You can side with ""bad"" factions, stay lawful/chaotic neutral, or side with ""good"" factions. I chose to be lawful good throughout the game, like a good boy scout that I try to be irl. Siding with either faction will either open or close certain planets and stations which will lock you out of a certain achievement if you're not neutral. It's a lot harder to stay neutral because the story doesn't let you choose outcomes and there aren't enough non-story missions that will help keep you neutral. So what's my problem with this? The leveling system on top of the grindy non-story missions really does show how tedius this game can get. It doesn't really get better once you reach your ship goal. I'm still left with the same missions and rewards that don't scale as much as I wanted it to.You'd think that once you're Commander Badass with a Dreadnought, fighter ships you can deploy and merc ships you can hire, that you'd be making bank by melting everything in sight with your plasma cannons. Nope. I still have to mine/salvage/scan/trade ad infinitum to make serious money. Having a bigger ship does help with not dying every 10 minutes or so from seemingly random incursions with other giant ships, often multiple giant ships to contend with. That's another problem I have with this game. NPC ships that scale from a trivial threat to impossible come out of nowhere at random times. Even when you're technically in safe sectors of space, NPCs that are against your faction (which to me is every bad guy in the game) will spawn or decloak out of nowhere and proceed to tear you a new one very early in the game, until you have one of the best ships then you can go toe to toe with one of them. If dying repeatedly due to random incursions regardless of where you are in the map isn't your thing, then that's a big problem. I get it, space is dangerous and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s can be anywhere in the vast emptiness of space. But if I'm 10 seconds away from the good guys Navy fleet, you'd think that pirates and marauders wouldn't go that close and tear you a new one. If/when I create a chaotic evil character save, I will update this review to reflect my experience being on the other side of the law.One aspect I failed to use in this game before this review are mods from the Steam workshop. They range from quality of life mods (better loot, more damage, faster speed) to custom assets in game (ships, stations, missions, etc.) to total conversions, so fellow Star Trek fans will be able to scratch that itch.I'd like to say that after ~60 hours of playing this game, I will recommend it to fans of classic space sims with the caveat that there is a space sim grind to it and that it doesn't hold your hand. If you're looking for a revolutionary game that breaks the typical downsides of space sims, then please look elsewhere. If you know that you want to scratch that classic space sim itch with the understanding of the problems that I've explained above, then I do recommend this game to you."
76561197992083855,Recommended,236150,13308953,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"It is a fantastic space sim/arcade with infinite number of freelance missions , ships starting from fighters to massive carriers and just georgous graphics. Also there are regular updates (still) , so buy this if you like space games like Freelancer."
,Recommended,236150,11590038,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Large, fantastic variety of ship designs+ Shows a ton of promise for an early access game+ Excellent visuals and particle effects+ Functional, intuitive UI+ Missions are currently thin in variety, but are nonetheless enjoyable+ Large variety of upgrades and enhancements- UI, while functional, I found to be aesthetically displeasingLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,236150,12332881,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,naught405,"Da. Best. And that is an exact measurement.  Starpoint Gemini 2 successfully brings the open world 3D single player RPG to space.  Some may say that sprpg is past its prime but SG2 didn't get that memo because this game doesn't feel dated at all and includes all the modern accessories like side quests, an engaging story, lots of skills and ranks and points to customize your character, hireable mercenaries, customizable ships (oh yea), and some awesome new stuff to make you feel like you are not only piloting, but commanding a fleet.  I played this game a lot during early access and I said then that this game had the potential to be awesome if executed correctly and man was it ever!  On top of all that your ship is a whole character of its own with everything from frail gunships to massive carriers that can cloak themselves and launch entire fighter wings from their carrier bays! I would recommend this game to anyone who has suffering in the drought of good space games and anyone who enjoys rpgs.  Oh and [name redacted] this isn't Eve, you get to shoot the guns and do stuff."
76561198060938223,Recommended,236150,8012414,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,sundershane1998,Breath taking game. A wonderful sandbox to play around in.
76561197993758132,Recommended,236150,7628694,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Melorii,HuGE-ly AMaZING!!! An EPiC UNIVeRSE!
,Recommended,236150,8054617,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,starnova101,"It's a good space RPG, that has a few bugs, still but only minor ones. the ship customizing is, good idea,  and the ships are a fair size, with combat skills, the turning rate, still needs some work.  combat pretty basic, missle weapons and beam, weapons, just need to upgrade, them.  For the overall of the game, u get more, from hunting down emenies, but still can make  some pretty good, coin, in the trading system, just have to find a trade. route, that will pay more, for ur buying items. at the stations.  Missions are good, since u need them to build ur rep, with the sector's  and regions of the game.  But don't do any missions that take u into a hostile, Base. really bad idea.  As for Rateing this game, would be 8/10.  Not a bad game to have."
,Not Recommended,236150,30206645,Posted: 26 February,all,Overheal,"Good time killer but there are a lot of little bugs that blow it for me. Like mission triggers that don't always work so you can get stuck on missions and need customer support to tweak them.That and the combat is relatively bland, they put a lot of thought into boarding actions and such but its not easy to learn unless you stumble upon a youtube guide, theres no tutorial really for it. Beyond that the enemy AI always hangs out in your blind spot and the dogfighting is very ""meh"" - point and click stuff, doesn't feel like it's skill based you know? Just tell your turrets to go HAM and wait a few seconds for things to explode. Scan anomalies for EXP that you'd otherwise ignore so their ""side effects"" aren't very underplayed."
76561197970367087,Recommended,236150,7775837,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sir Hacksalot,Its got potential and depth
,Recommended,236150,22885989,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mousespider,"Well for $35 I have enjoyed this game. There are aspects of this game that are in need of improvements. Specifically: the point of view difficulties with turret mode, fixing balancing issues with mission level and mission difficulty, sudden explosion of ship which occurs randomly for no apparent reason either in combat or not, and a revamping of the money making process as capturing ships is the only effective way to progress due to missions and mining not being profitable enough to support ship progression. I have only played the freeroam with a starting zero reputation mod. I have played Rebel Galaxy before purchasing this game and found this game to be different and not necessarily better than Rebel Galaxy. There is more that is different than the same between the two games."
76561198020252102,Recommended,236150,7814906,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ᑎ I ᖇ ᐯ ᗩ ᑎ O ᗩ,SG2 does everything right that X rebirth does wrong.Good UI. Easy trading.
76561197973798294,Recommended,236150,8066491,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,michaelyak,While still in beta the game is a great idea. You can call it an RPG space based game. THe devs have been great with support and patechs come out right away to address the issues. I don't like paying early for a beta game but this one is worth it.
76561198070321911,Recommended,236150,7841735,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sully,"Not finished yet, but still less glitchy than X-Rebirth"
,Recommended,236150,12548272,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,stefmorino,"This game has lots of flaws, but I like it so much since it's the game i've been looking for a long time.PROS:-Absolutely beautiful, the way the binary stars cast shadows on asteroids, to the way distant nebulae appear giant and intimidating-Most of the locations you see in space are reachable-Great soundtrack-You can be what you want, a pirate, trader, privateer, whatever-Lots of ships-Lots of modules and countless ways to setup your loadout-For a space game, the environment is extremely varied-Boarding and stealing a ship feels damn good-MODDING!!!!!1111111!!11MIXED:-Probably just me, but the trading and interface feel to simple; after playing EVE Online for so long, the UI feels like it needs more-The active ability RPG portion feels tacked on, I find myself almost always autofiring; at least never using my 1-4 keys-Sometimes the autopilot glitches out and it's hilarious; I like to think of it as a feature-Doesn't have SLI support, unless forced through a third party program like NVidia inspector or even just the control panel. However, once you do force it, it runs really nice (minus some annoying microstuttering).CONS:-The downscaling of the universe is really obvious and weird-Things pop in a lot, like anomalies and stations-Bad sound effect design, especially in weapon firing sounds-Inconsistant graphics, some things are really highly detailed while others look like they came out of a 2006 game-Missions get repetitive, and if you strip all the lore and factions away, all the gameplay is literally the same, minus enemies getting tougher over timeCool game, go buy, shoot ships in the face."
76561197980191446,Recommended,236150,12249030,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SSucka,If you love space exploration sims then this game is for you!
76561198164717840,Recommended,236150,13257691,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,spartansMSU93,"I haven't played this game for too long but it has proven to be very fun and challenging.  I am currently playing through the campaign but I am also conducting side missions.  The side missions include (from what I have seen so far): assassination of trouble makers, repairing installations, bounty hunting, and transporting VIPs. I mine asteriods and trade at stations frequently to balance my finances.  Capturing and selling enemy starships have proven to be the most lucrative transaction.  Combat is somewhat confusing at first but the games excellent tutorial guide and fully customizable control menu is very helpful.Pros:-Good graphics.-Intense space combat.-Can easily change viewing settings - Rudder control""bridge"" view, Rudder control third person view, and turret third person view.-Ability to purchase and upgrade several starships.-Can hire mercs and form a fleet.-Large open world to explore.-Many unique ways to ""jump""around the map e.g. rifts and wormholes.-Story is ok.-Background music is pretty good and varied.Cons:-No NPCs to interact with at space stations.-No first person perspective.-No ship interior perspective.Mixed:-Fairly steep learning curve to become proficient with all of the games functions.Overall a great indie title!  Give your self lots of time to play this game...it is hard to quit this game for the night!"
76561198104021521,Recommended,236150,23233018,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,muliandi97,"my favourite game genre ^^...hopefully the next sequel ""Warlord"" is better when it is ready to be commercially available at STEAM"
76561197979918816,Not Recommended,236150,30167895,Posted: 25 February,all,rcdemoral,"I'm sorry, I've tried getting into this game, but I can't.  I've tried several times throughout the last year or so.Mainly it's two things.1)  There is no tutorial.  Its idea of a tutorial is to give up to 5-6 dialog boxes at a time of what things do.  It's a bit of overload (""MORE? Come ON!"").  It should walk you things slowly, like a proper tutorial.2)  Gamepad mapping.  It has partial support, and it seems to work... but the tutorial doesn't tell you what the buttons do.  It says ""To move up, press JOYSTICKUPXO"", to look down press ""JOYSTICKDOWNXO"".  Yeah.  What does that mean?  Doesn't tell you what the gamepad buttons do or the triggers.  If they have gamepad support, just make it work or say no.  I play from my couch so I'm not about to play using keyboard/mouse.It seemed OK, voice acting is super campy in the typical space game kind of way.  I just coudln't get to the Planet in the first few minutes of the tutorial.  Sorry guys."
76561198100451108,Recommended,236150,22443810,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,vivisectionist,A fully formed sandbox mmo only without all those pesky people. One of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,236150,22267442,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,GM,"I always was fan of space games, but most of them are meh at the best. The only that I TRULY liked A LOT were X3 (all 3 of X3's), EVE Online, FTL, and Space Pirates and Zombies.To be honest, I expected Stairpont Gemini 2 to be just meh, but it came on sale. Quickly calculated the cost in my currency, and decided to give it a shot anyway.It might not be one of those I love the most, but certainly it's not meh either. It's actually pretty good. I am enjoying it.It sure has it's flaws, but it sure is fun to play. I see it as kind of mix of Freelancer/X3 with EVE Online. For sure, I don't regret spending money on it - and it doesn't happen a lot."
76561197981246564,Recommended,236150,22391227,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mild Discomfort,"This is the space sim I've been looking for since I stopped playing Freelancer; big open world, customisable ships, factions, upgrades and a big open world. I get to fly around a large universe, exploring, trading, collecting bounties or mining and still feel like there's more out there to see/do. Maybe these things are available in EVE, but I wouldn't know as I don't get enough gaming time these days to justify a monthly subscription.This game is about captaining a ship; the piloting and gunning controls work best if you select a target/destnation and tell the ship to attack or move.Here's my first impressions after 20 hours:ProsBig open world (might have mentioned this already)Customisable shipsVarious factions to befriend / hunt downFreedom to choose between merc, trader, explorer, etcNo game breaking bugs (so far)ConsFeels like a late beta - the DLC prompt EVERY SINGLE TIME I start the game, despite my saved games already using the DLC. There's also missing voice files for some conversations and custom key configurations aren't saved between sessions.Voice acting, when it's there (some of the voice files are missing)Tutorial - be prepared to click through screens of dull text every time you mouse over a control the first time you play and still have to look things up afterwards. Do yourself a favour and watch some YouTube guides instead.Still I reckon this'll be one of my most played games by the time I finish with it."
76561197977057864,Recommended,236150,15839403,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,starburst,"Love the game and still haven't scratched the surface. Unfortunately bought it and the DLC 2 days ago... (Australian dollars)Do I get a couple of free drinks instead?Enjoying but for the sake of 24 hrs I would have rather spend $30 AU in my local (rural) community,Love the game :)..I'm  just windging (slang)"
,Recommended,236150,22223160,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Slideshow,"Basically Freelancer.Similar to Sid Meier's Pirates but in space. Huge space.Ship customization similar to Mechwarrior's mech customization.Mine asteroids, hunt bounties, play with the market, buy better ships, better equipment, etc.Streamlined user interface.Combat is good. There's several weapon types for you to try out. Rockets, laser beams and plasma cannons to name a few, each with their own properties and upgrades. Get on your gunship and chase enemies by their tail or line up your battleship and bombard them mercilessly. Your choice.Exploration is good. The game gives the player a huge world to explore. Planets, space stations and shipyards that offer different products depending on their region. Planets and space stations act as hubs, you can't set foot on them and explore. Not as huge as Elite Dangerous but huge nonetheless.Music is good. Too bad there's not much to go around. If you have a space exploration playlist then add this game's music to that playlist and play that instead.Economy is there. Trade clean goods or contraband. You can take advantage of rising and falling prices of materials but the economy isn't deep enough to make it an engaging enterprise. You can mine asteroids or scavenge space junk while going about your trade route, I guess.CAN'T FORM A FLEET. You can capture enemy ships. You either sell them, keep them or scrap them. Keeping them puts them in your garage. You can switch between ships YOU CAN ONLY USE ONE SHIP AT ANY TIME. The closest to a fleet you'll get is by hiring mercenaries to fly with you for a price. Even then you can't command them. This is probably the worst negative point of the game in my opinion.Light RPG elements.A good space game overall but if you're into trading, playing with the economy or empire building then this game won't satisfy you.I bought this on sale at 80% off so it's more than worth the money."
,Recommended,236150,12982528,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Drachen_Lord,"Very Nice Game, don't find it too complex but not overly simple either.  Lots of ships to buy and customize and things too do.  Haven't enjoyed a game like this since Privateer."
76561198039378403,Not Recommended,236150,22535816,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,PhobiaDHS,"As many reviews state, this game starts out amazingly. Once you figure out the 3 things to do though, you are done. There is no taking over rival factions or expanding faction space. In fact, the factions may as well not exist other than to proivde you with dynamic enemies.The appearance and interface in this game is great. I just want more guts. The core is so flacid I simply stopped playing due to boredom. Stories and missions are mostly a joke. Go assassinate this guy. Go do this. Go do that. Fly for hours between. It just ends up being grind for the sake of grind.Get it on sale. Play for a bit. I got 8 hours out of it and will probably spin it up again in the future for another hour or two."
76561198024967429,Not Recommended,236150,30983187,Posted: 6 April,all,Admiral_Nappa,"Bad  default controls somthing that makes or breaks a game like this, a  UI that dosn't behave and is tiny and unreadable @ high res's.And 30fps lock with V-sync enabled, so must force it off if you want to play at all in a non stutter 60fps+++ rate, enjoy the screen tearing.Just Can't Get into this game with the bad targeting and ship controls that don't make sense its like the developer never played another space sim.  I've tried, but the default control mappings are bizzare, they don't align with any other sim of this type, combine that with the UI that is nearly unreadble, and trying to figure out what does what is a pain. You would have to remap every control in this game to make it playable, and then you would still need to figure out what the near unreadble UI is trying to tell you."
76561197991661734,Recommended,236150,13085641,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dean,"havinghad this game from the alhpa release it has been constantly improved with each patch that has been applied and if there are any problems then you can alqays email andlet them know, oneof the thing i love about this game.  having palyed other games like the x series this one doesnt seem to have as steep lerning curves as the x series does for example, only thing is i wish you culd explore planets and stations when landing, but maybe that will comeout in one of the future pathches, asl well as the key to cut the talk between characters doesnt seem to quiet workm but again will probably be addressed in a future patch. i love this game for me it has a trek feel to it, and i have spent many hoiurs happily wasting my life on it, and will continue to do so"
76561198040997352,Recommended,236150,7872270,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ian.oliver,"Great to look at, fun to play."
,Recommended,236150,14535034,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MADGulliver,"70% game is good, but this game Could be better than this, if developer make the (massive multiplayer) . some times we need rest, ok just start game and listen music and play ,you going to relax. space Graphics is beautiful , game play is good,weapon good.just imagines if, i meant if this game going to MMO what happening to other MMO game (space MMO), maybe Starpoint Gemini 3 going to (MMO) who knows. in (MMO) or (massive multiplayer) games you feel game is live, You're playing with real players and every time you play, you will not get tired of playing (not much). anyway this is single player and good."
76561198059174782,Not Recommended,236150,15923228,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Tyree Jones,"I remember getting this game when it was still in its alpha/beta form with only a few things to do besides blowing up ships, blowing up asteroids, taking their goods, and then selling them at a market for a few dollars (which seemed weird back then because ships cost a ♥♥♥♥ TON and still do, but there are ways to get more money now.) So playing now, seeing that it is full release form, welllllll....it's still empty. I mean, there is absolutely almost nothing going on except for an occasional enemy ship flying in to a friendly territory that gets obliterated in a second. Other than that, nope, nothing. People that hate you, hate you and people that like you, like you, not much else. I thought it'd be awesome to be the revered space pirate captain who steals from all and gets in the way of people to scavenge as much money as possible, even between factions. Which is another huge problem, factions do not feel like they have bad ties between each other, it's as if they are both completely isolated with their borders set in place without anything in between. And there aren't even any huge battles as well, the closest one I got was between myself and 30 other enemy ships. So you might ask, ""What is there to do?"" Well, exactly what I explained at the beginning, you do missions, kill enemies, blow up debris and turn it into a station for some money, like, a little amount of money. And the most money you get is from ship debris -floating ship debris and destroyed ships- which on maximum with the stock ship which can only hold 45 units is about $30,000 maximum give or take. So how much does an upgraded ship minus weapons cost? Depending on your preference from the different types, a direct upgrade would be from 2-5 mil even though it can go higher to prices of 30 million. So with mining and missions ranging in price from 10-20 thousand, you're looking at doing this 66 times to afford a new ship and that's at the maximum you'll get from mining and missions just for a 2 mil ship. Yes, there are hero ships that give you about 5 mil if you destroy them, but so far I've found no real way to track them other than hearing the news saying they are in so-and-so region, and even if you do find them, they are at impossible difficulty and usually have other ships around them so good luck. Did I have fun though? Yes, I had fun in some parts when I tried to dodge enemy ships while firing, but after your first few things to do it gets incredibly boring."
,Not Recommended,236150,25321205,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,The_Vulcan,I gave this 15 hours as at first it seems like lots of upgrades and stuff that make it seem technical which I like.But this game has no substance and no depth.I'm so bored I am watching a movie at the same time and still bored with it.I could go into detail but whats the point when no one will ever read this.Think of this as a boring point and click mobile phone game that requires grinding the same hand full of missions over and over to level up and get new ships.  But then you realise its all the same.And you will come to a point where you need to fly to a space station to save every single time you pass anyting as instant death is just around the corner.  Do this boring save crap or replay the last 30min before you died.Yawn.....
,Recommended,236150,12254688,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Huemaster,Been playing non stop since I got it! GOTY easily and I haven't even scratched the surface of the game yet.
76561197975603364,Recommended,236150,12420443,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sveny,"A  Very solid buyI would recommend old school fans of Escape Velocity, Freespace and the X series.In its current state the game currently falls well short of being a master works, it lacks a level of immersion, complexity and feels like needs fair bit more spit and polish to be called finished. That being said it’s the best addition the genre in years. i may be speaking too soon as the developers seem to have fair bit of steam left for adding and fixing things up too.The game plays like a more arcade version of the X series it reminds me a lot of X rebirth without all the complete fail. It’s simple and fast paced space action that falls between somewhere between dog fighting and EVE online ship management and thankfully nothing like the orginal starpoint gemini.ProsBest, fight, trade and explore game in years.Solid graphicsDecent universe to exploreReasonably fast and action packedOngoing developmentConsSeems 90% FinishedNo empire buildingShipload equipment and loadout overly simple.Campaign worth avoiding – just don’t"
76561197983258785,Recommended,236150,12427876,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Slethal Weapon,"I love this game!  If you ever loved the game Freelancer, you'll really love Starpoint Gemini 2.   It has more customization than Freelancer.  You can do whatever you want... freelance for bounty/rewards, mine, salvage, be a pirate, be a merchant trader... whatever.  It looks great to the eye, very nice visual appeal.  I have found that the game experiences a crash now and again, but not until I've played it for a couple of hours straight.  I save very often so it doesn't hurt to badly when it happens.  I would buy this again and I look forward to seeing updates and additional maps/starchart expansions.  :)"
76561198039825165,Recommended,236150,12444136,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,madrebel,"Loads of fun! Lots to do, and not hard to learn.  I'm still getting lots of crashes, but that's probably due to playing on a laptop with intigrated graphics. Workshop items need fixing. Simply subscribing to something will not work. Still, a great job so far. Thanks!!"
,Recommended,236150,9950336,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Smythe313,Good fun so far!
76561197985953636,Recommended,236150,12291835,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,USMC04-13,This game is excellent in almost every way the only thing is I hope to see more variety as far as ships and weapons go.  This game is a must buy!
76561197988233663,Recommended,236150,12292217,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,CaptainHarlock,"You ever want to command your own ""Star Destroyer"" ""Normandy"" ""Enterprise"" ""Serenity"" ""Tiger´s Claw"" .... you like this Game !It´s all about commanding a Big Ship (from Gunship to Carrier, you dont fly a fighter keep this in mind, the ships a bigger) and it has all the freedom from Elite and Freelancer/Privateer ;)+Graphics and Music+the feeling to fly a big ship+Galaxy Map (Huge) and no loading Times+Trading+Tactical Fighting+Pirating and Boarding Enemy Ships (and sell the ships for a good profit ;) )- Balancing (Higher your Rank = Higher the difficult)- i got some crashes/graphic proplems (black only Stars in the Background..) after played a longer time- you need lots of Time to progress to better gear and ships (ok thats can be a + for some players)"
76561198102201887,Recommended,236150,12293189,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KÅNYE FRÅMYE,it has a good campaign if the free roaming isnt enaugh it has good grafics but the ui could get some more work but its still a beta so they may change it. the controls feel good when you have gotten the hang off it and im really exited what this game has too offer   (sorry for my english if i misspelled anything or say'd anything wrong)
76561198017946533,Recommended,236150,12294148,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dogishappy,"This game is awesome. If you ever played the amaizing FTP Mobil game ""Galaxy on Fire 2"" and wanted more, this game delivers on all fronts.  It is almost a disservice to compare this game to it but it has everything that I love and more.Tons of ships to buy, loads of equipment to compare and upgrade, factions to ally or make enemies with, complex trading system, large variety of side missions, and an engaging story. The combat is engaging, I love capturing ships and selling them, the mining the dozens of different types of asteroids is eye candy, and there are tons of secerets to find and explore.I love this game and would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open world space games."
76561198155670008,Recommended,236150,12294200,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TROOPER,This game is cool as it comes. once you figure out all the controlls. very hard to figure out. lot of travelin around to missions. but all in all it cool. except when i buy another ship i have no guns.
76561198036067694,Recommended,236150,12418703,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,CaptMOFO,this is truly an amazing game!!!
76561198069060576,Recommended,236150,12424886,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,macblastr,"First review of a game... I am an older gamer and I am very picky about the games I get obsessive about. This Game is not finished, but the available content is more than enough to keep you busy. This is not a straight up shooter... this has more of a quest rpg style where you can be what you wanna be. The game reminds me of a game I used to play way way back in the day called starflight. You can customize your ship with colors and logos and plenty of weapons to choose from. Very Eve-escent with the loadouts. Nowhere near as complex as EVE though... and nowhere near as boring of a start like EVE... you can start shootin from the onset - and if you do a little research before you begin, you can hijack ships right from the start... Remember boys and girls, strip the captured ship before you sell it! The content that is coming is intriguing in the possibilities... I have been playing it hardcore now and I am still not bored. I paid full price for it and I am not disappointed!!!"
76561198113232920,Recommended,236150,12441374,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Deathrunner,great game!!!
76561198008112461,Recommended,236150,12441648,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kabel,"I can't believe how awesome this game is. I just roam around and upgrade my (Weapons, shields, etc). Doing random mission trying to save up enough money to buy a new ship. There are so many ships with different stats, so its nice to find a ship that fits to your game-play. Like one that has great guns and shield for dogfights. Or huge freighters used for trading and mining. Also as you do more missions you began to improve your rank, What that basically means is you can control bigger and badder ships. Eventually you will feel the awesome power of Dreadnoughts or Carriers. These ships have more slots for weapons and diffrent weapons, just to customize it the way you like it. Also be careful there are high level ships out there. Some with bounties of 5mill, it's a gamble but if you can defeat them, you get paid bank! I personally love seeing an amazing ship and attacking it, bring it down to it knees. Weakening their defense and killing some of their troops in the process but before I kill them I latch the tractor beam and order my troops to board. If you have more troops (stats) then them you can capture their ship and tow it to the next star base to put in your garage or to sell for good $. I been having a blast."
,Recommended,236150,12443203,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,f®edÞerze®k,Great game! Am totally enjoying this.
76561197970661218,Recommended,236150,12293947,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Hairyone,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is an excellent game, control options are brilliant, interface / Hud is perfect; graphics are top notch. Check all the reviews and give it a go. A great game to add to your collection"
,Recommended,236150,12358452,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sutek,"Great Game!Has more tackticle elements during combat  ( which I like rather than just a space shooter with a plot )you can follow the main plot or you can freelance, own multiple ships. capture ships , trade , do , missions ,explore the galaxy, find artifacts, and blueprints of ships and weapon systems.logged about 14 hours so far or More, it's heaps easier to learn and enjoy than the X series of games!Thanks Devs Great Jobextra work on making plot dialog and plot trigger animation / cutscenes / triggers  smoother and more seamless, but community and Devs are very responsive with patches comming out frequently to correct and add to game.I highly recommend to anyone who likes a good space sim."
76561198020737530,Recommended,236150,12366112,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RioCyan,"The latest update has elevated this to the most satisfying trading simulation I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Not only can you see what various commodities are trading for at the stations you have visited, you also see the distance you currently are from each of those stations. This adds another level of decision making – is the extra distance you might have to travel for a ‘best’ price worth the time it will take to get there, or is a slightly lower price actually the better deal? A small thing, perhaps, but it does make you approach your cargo manifest a bit more critically when deciding on what and when to trade.The second thing this encourages is exploration. You only see the prices for the stations and planets you have discovered. I find myself compelled to push into unknown territory on that never ending quest for the ultimate trade route. And the commodity information screen itself is wonderfully easy to use. The filters are a tremendous help, eliminating the need to scroll through every item available. Are you a miner? Click on ores. Love to hunt down pirates? Quickly discover who is offering the best price for those contraband items.As you may have guessed, I’m a merchant at heart, not a fighter. But I’ve found the battles to be well-balanced and a simple click will tell you if that tantalizing enemy ship you have your eye on has the capability to turn you into so much space dust. Not that the knowledge will necessarily stop you, but at least you’ll know what you’re up against. And for those times when you do take on just a bit more than you can chew and yet somehow manage to pull it off by the skin of your shields, well – you know the feeling.The graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay is addicting, and personalizing your ship is as much fun as creating a new character in most RPGs. At this point the only thing I’m hoping for is that we may eventually see a larger collection of avatar portraits. The new group was a nice addition, but as a female gamer I find the two current offerings lack some of the personality that the male portraits possess. And that something so minor is the only flaw I can find says a lot about how truly innovative and honestly fun this game is.Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a trade empire to build."
76561198032838419,Recommended,236150,12419314,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,deepincision,"Very similar to Freelancer but with focus on capital ships instead of fighters. Graphics, audio and atmosphere excellent. The UI has a great ""future-tech"" feel especially when Tactical Overlay is used. Levelling speed, money-making, difficulty and weapon balancing is still a work in progress afaik but it's still a great game as it is now. Ship designs are hit-and-miss, some ships look incredible while others look kinda horrid, but that's a subjective thing.Highly recommended if you like Freelancer."
76561198109386112,Recommended,236150,10747763,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kimespenbruaset,this aint a game yet!
,Recommended,236150,7696490,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Exxoduss,"???  Hmmm it had a menu button that braught me to this screen, I guess I would recomend it, but this game needs alot of work still.. Has a bunch of unclairfied options and skills/perks etc.. and other actions that overlap like collecting loot in space next to a station , overlap the same instance on the main screen and docking at the station takes precedence, Plus alot of activatable skills and perks that are uneccisary.. but on the good side the people that published endless space is sponsering this game. (who knows) may turn out to be a winner.. hoping it as simple yet way more in depth then Galaxy on fire 2"
,Recommended,236150,26115112,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,~ IFJ,"This game is fun, but to be honest I have run bored of it.I capped and pulled the best ship and went berserk on enemy factions.I love how you can grapple into an enemy craft, send your troops and if good enough you can pull the empty craft to a hanger, either to store it and use it, sell it or scrap it!Cons:- too much farmingBuy it and try it, its one of the good space games out there."
,Recommended,236150,22315458,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Artophwar,"One of the best Space games I have played. The Developer made the game with only 10 people but It feels like a Triple A title, not an Indie game.If you like space games with trading, mining, some RPG elements, and some more tactical style combat instead of dogfighting than this is the game for you."
76561198035056674,Recommended,236150,22329547,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,skorne_tetzu,"I would definately recommend this game... but with some notes of caution.  I consider my self a supporter of 'Little Green Men', because I've always enjoyed their games ( at least the few I have).  However... I feel this one is falling a bit short, and I'm unsure if these are problems they are having issues resolving... or have just given up.  However... the problems that I've seen thus far, are more inconvenient than Game Stopping.There's a serious issue with early game over powering of the enemy.  While I've heard a claim by the developers that this was a Development decision, I personally believe this is a Bug that they haven't been able to resolve.  Basically, when taking a mission which is marked at a specific level, the mission turns out to be impossible to complete even though your level made be higher than the recommended level.  Option:  Run and find another mission and hope this doesn't happen too often... but it will.Another issue deals with Enhancements which can be added to ship's equipment and weapons, but the Enhancements do not actually enhance the item.  Note:  some... not all.Licenses, also, which should provide specific bonus do not work.  Note:  some... not all.Other than the above I have no other negative issues with this game.  It has all of the elements of a Good Space Sim, with many choices on how one wishes to play... Fighter... Merchant... Miner... Salvager... or even pirate.  I usually don't play pirate until I get bored with a game, but don't want to stop and need a new challenge.  however, the problem with being a pirate in many space sims is the limited choices you get; often being more of a headache than anything else.  But with this game I've seen the pirates (or more correctly, the Hostile Factions) have as much territory to operate in as the 'So-Called' Good Guys.  I'm actually looking forward to trying my hand as a pirate.The merchant side of the game is IMHO as well done as it seems to be possible based on the many games I've played, and wanted to be a Merchant.  In short... I don't feel like it's Great... but it does seem Very Good; just haven't got a decent size Cargo Ship for really trying it out.  However... for the little trading I've seen and done... it looks like it has ""Very Good"" Potential.Mining for both Ores and Gases was done in a very fun and unique way... which I've been enjoying for the most part.  It doesn't really seem to make as much money as Combat... but then again, this is a Combat Game; I just like mining; with a touch of combat to give me a reason to wake up in the morning.  But you'll still need to focus on combat fairly early just to get a decent ship for mining.Combat was a bit disappointing at first because of the mechanics used to control the ship.  I found it was best to turn on Auto-Fire on all turrets... which seemed a bit Impersonal to me.  However... as I got better with all that you can do to Protect and Enhance you ship in battle... Aiming my Laser became the least of my problems, and I was rather happy I didn't have to worry about that anymore.  But that is a matter of Personal Preference.Also... the Skill and Perk system is fun; I like the fact that you can ""Sort Of"" custom build yourself for the type of Player and Character you choose.  I'm not a fan of being forced to play a specific character as is done in the Campaign (I feel disconnected to my Character while following the story line), but that, again... is just Personal Preference.  And the fact that I can build him the way I choose is far more important to me.One of the best aspects of this game ""To Me"" is that Money, thus far, is maintaining it's value.  Too often in Single Player Games you find that Money loses it's value far too soon.  Once you get to your 3rd or 4th ship -or- 20th or 30th level, you find  you start ignoring ways of making money... and just focus on leveling... because there just isn't anything left to buy that you can't afford.  I'm current level 43, and still find myself occasionally trying to scrap together a few Bit Coins to buy that Blaster with the Extra Kick.  I find that once a game's currency loses any real value (or more directly; Need) the game heads down hill from there.  At the time of this writing I have roughly $17mil, and trying to get to $29mil for the next for the next ship I want; but not the last ship I'll fly.All in all; while I got this game on sale, I would not have been disappointed if I had paid full price (assuming full price was under $40).  I definately would recommend this game; with hopes of certain issues being resolved.. but with confidence it's still a Fun and Addictive Game.Enjoy!!!"
76561198028176921,Recommended,236150,25671964,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,WARLORD,Well what can i say i absolutely love this game. Every time i play this game it take's me back to when i used to play colony wars on PS1. This game is definitely made for people who dont have the time sit and grind the hell out of a game to get anywhere. For example im only 30 hrs in this game and im already running around the galaxy in a dreadnought feeling like a absolute power house. You rank up very quickly and theres easy money to make out their. Other then that the ships look awesome and the galaxy it self looks stunning.the only thing i found wrong with this game is that it doesnt feel like a simulation it has more of a arcade feel to it but if your some one like me who doesnt have alot of time on your hands because of works and is raising kids then who give's a s@#$
76561198069075302,Recommended,236150,12275762,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ziplogg,"Did you like Freelancer?You need this game!I cant stress enough how much love the devs must have put into this. The game offers everything you would expect from a game in this genre.-Soundtrack: amazing! could compare it to mass effect.-surprisingly the german sync is really good.-menus and everything is polished and feels good.-graphics look great, vibrant colors.-gameplay is deep, strategic and fun.-sandbox is huge and very open.A must-buy for fans of this genre! Especially for 25 bucks."
,Recommended,236150,12286364,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AtticusX,"I've played old school space sims for a long time, cut my teeth on games like Wing Commander and Freelancer. This game is a spiritual socessor to those games. I've played some of the X games too X3 was a fine game after the modding fixed it. X Rebirth unfortunately falls way short with playability and fun that you can have in this game. The devs really listen to what the players want and have delivered a solide contender with the promise of even more content and systems yet to come."
,Recommended,236150,12405965,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ActionOfLost,"The ThoughtDid you like Freelancer, well this game is for you (dont think I need to say more than this, but still I will). I bought the game in Early Access and for once this system was proven to be a good thing for the game. The space genre did not received a good treatment in gaming this couple of years, between ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game (X Rebirth) come Starpoint that for once did thing's right.The GoodGreat space graphic.Many different things to do.Long term investment is rewarded.Well design combat and gameplay ellement.The BadCan be long before you actualy enjoy your trip to space.Still some bug's left (nothing game breaking)."
76561198068222685,Recommended,236150,12214196,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Blue Mage CXIV,"As a long-standing fan of the sci-fi genre, I can say that this is the kind of game I've been looking for. It has everything that any space-fan would enjoy! Anomalies, planets, asteroids, nebulas, and tons more! You can trade, customize your starship, upgrade, and fight against pirates as well as enemy factions. The gameplay is unlike anything I've played before, in a good way, and makes it feel like it's ship-on-ship combat. Fighting in space is dynamic, involved, and intricate so it can be challenging at times but never too difficult. The variety of weapons you can add to your starship also helps to give the game a unique feel in combat. The game has the look and expanse of Eve while remaining a single-player only game.Finally, it is workshop/mod friendly! Personally, I like to cross-over different franchises into my games so it's really cool to see a Federation Starship flying around space and using weapons from Star Trek as a way to create a personalized and awesome experience.Definitely would recommend to any sci-fi fan. Better than a lot of AAA titles I've bought. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,236150,12266605,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Thomus,Impressive space sim/rpg.
76561197975141379,Recommended,236150,12286832,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,atrocities,"Very relaxing game. Love the music, the look the feel, hell the entire atmosphere of the game is very well done."
76561197961131458,Recommended,236150,12288371,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,-=Spy-Hunter=-,I've been looking for a game like Freelancer for a long time... Finally this fits the bill and it does so with massive size and more freeroam capability.  Graphics are beautiful on the high end.  My fav perks are in the Gunner spec so far and I like the Gunships for the fast close and kill!
76561197996422500,Recommended,236150,12403215,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,staff09,"This is a well designed game. I find that this game really offers a wide range of avenues to achieve a positive gaming experience. Freelance offers a real open sandbox environment, The campaign allows for freelance missions and other opportunties if you need a break from the storyline to build up funds or experience.Great job the all who have put their time and effort into this game!!!"
76561198006218345,Recommended,236150,12403528,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,polarkat_5,"Enjoy the game very much.  Unfortunately, the update has made it impossible to play, darn near.   All of a sudden i have pirates randomly warping in and instant killing me as i fly.  YOU GET TO START OVER FROM YOUR LAST SAVE.   so yes the game is fun for those who may find EVE a little too much,  $ and Mind,  but the instant kills will probably annoy you to no end."
,Recommended,236150,12404946,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Backfire,Nice way to waste a few weeks xD
76561197980056768,Recommended,236150,12405208,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,StickyFingers,Great game!
76561198012523488,Recommended,236150,12400179,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Farrgar,Excellent game well worth a play
76561198038542513,Recommended,236150,12400708,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Old Man Mordaith,"So far so good! Awesome freeroam open universe game. Lots of missions. Good game for even people like me, who are terrible at space shooter games. If you like being able to make your own way in the galaxy, I suggest this game."
,Recommended,236150,12402836,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,NyteShade,"If you have fond memories of Privateer or Flreelancer, then Starpoint Gemini 2 is for you. If not, but you like traveling the universe, trading and selling (and smuggling) goods, blasting space pirates trying to steal your booty, or even mining asteroids on your downtime; then SG2 is also for you!Controls can be interesting (a bit wonky) at times, and I read there may be some joystick issues, but mouse and keyboard are my choice anyway so I've had no issues. Presentation and graphics look great, and there are some truly amazing views around the galaxy. Combat is fun and ship styles range from giant transports, to carriers with multiple fighter wings. I've got 20+ hours in at this point and while I started the campagin, I'm having more fun just roaming around, trading and upgrading my ship.If you've been looking for a game to scratch the space sim itch, this is a good game for it."
76561197996049086,Recommended,236150,12262612,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Smegmata,"There's already a million comparisons of this game to Eve, but I'll add another - It's a lot like Eve but with a personal story arc that concerns your character.Unlike Eve, the space combat is twitchy and fast-paced, and surprisingly deep.  You've got to keep on the vulnerable side of the enemy you're fighting, all the while keeping your vunlerable sides pointed away from his freinds.  There are a million ways you can outfit your ship and plenty of variety in ship types - how you outfit it matters, and the weapons you choose need to suit its strengths and suit how you will be piloting it to be effective.Not everything is perfect (I felt like the different factions were somewhat faceless, and felt like it was a little too easy to pass through hostile territory) but the small, indie studio that developed it is already planning on plenty of post-release changes.The game has clearly had a lot of loving care put into it, and is a definite recommend.  It's amazing already, and I'm fully confident it'll get even better."
76561198001174552,Recommended,236150,12271155,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,GrenPa,Love this game but one drawback is Vista is not supported.If you love Eve Online or the old Homeworld then this game is for you.Great graphics and good ability to change ship setups.
,Recommended,236150,12278855,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Swampfist,"The game is well thought out and polished with a few crash bugs.  However it is totaly not what i expected in the game....for some reason I thought we would be able to create and controll a fleet.  Im not sure why i thought this but i did.Its not my cup of tea, but i do recommend this game to those who are into single spaceship rpg games."
76561197962231136,Recommended,236150,12272525,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Doomride,"The game is fun, it's sort of a mix between X3(ship control, selling items) and Darkstar One(upgrading weapons, equipment and such). This game has some potential but right now it is still a bit lacking.Fun factor: You will have fun fighting and dodging enemy fire. Having troops board enemy ships and take them over. Looting dead ships. Seeing how different ships are and act. The joy of dragging a captured ship to a dock.Unfun factor: You are very much alone, yes you can hire mercs, up to two, but the only person you can talk to is the ship computer who in fact will only say anything to you do an action (move command, fire at will) or when an enemy teleports right to you. The world is pretty empty, NPC's are just sitting there really, and they tend not to do anything else unless an enemy happens to be around.The makers have stated they plan to add expansions which will lighten things up, but those things are in the future.  They also stated they have plans to change things up, shields will matter later on for boarding and such. Time will tell.I have put in 13 hours and so far feel a little worried. I ran most of my time in a Frigate capturing ships to sell. I even in fact captured a battleship by running back and forth between two stations to fill my troops and relaunch new boarding attacks.  It took very little time to level, and as well I fear I may never enjoy all the ships this game has to offer in the long run.So is it worth it?Positives: Somewhat fun, feels semi-polished, the devs are hard at work fixing bugs very fast, what seems like a bright future for a game.Negatives: World is full of things, but they might as well be boxes floating in space. No life really. It seems like the same type of AI as Minecraft. Seems a bit short so far even with Freeroam (world is open, no story).I feel the game's price is sort of almost right at 25 bucks."
76561198028581998,Recommended,236150,11669157,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,MaGiKz,"This game, considering it's in beta is truly amazing. After being let down with X-rebirth, I really wanted a space sim. Luckily I stumbled across starpoint gemini 2. My first hour I just roamed about admiring the beautiful space scenery. Now I have done some missions and fought some baddies, the game has grown on me much more.I can't recommend it enough, so much fun to play and it's still in beta with no story mode!With the ever-present devs listening to feed back and the potential of the steam workshopthis game is a must buy!"
76561198014331634,Recommended,236150,8399488,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sir Snuffles,pretty good for an alpha release. has some real potential. hoping it gets fleshed out more as the they progress. all that they need to add is the ability to have fleets and AI ships following you and witht he ability to command them to do things. solid 7/10 at the moment would be a 8 or a 9 if their was more features and a better tutorial. which im sure will be fixed. beats the sorry excuse of a game called x-rebirth which i payed £40 for and is in far worse condition that this alpha game.
76561197972067048,Recommended,236150,8582310,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[={cXn}=] Gemlock,Pretty cool solo space shooter. Just what I needed to get my space fix.Unfortunatly it crashes after 30-45 minutes of play :(
76561198018308631,Recommended,236150,8760492,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,zathiel,"So far a fun game.a range of ships, weapons and skillsIt is an Alpha so not everything works.the missions so far are limited but hopefully some more variety when its done.Also I hope the t-drives are implimeted soon. crawling from place to place can be,well slow.I look foward to seeing the end results!"
76561198008076836,Recommended,236150,10829665,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Captain Michael Vulpi,while a fun game there are a few big flaws for one the default freeroam scenario which has no story line puts you in the shoes of some random dude after this big build up starting speech and you have no clue who the hell this is or what he is there for even a open sandbox needs to at least tell you who the bloody hell you are playing as or let you create you own character aside from that mild annoyance the game is pretty solid and hopefully the modding community grows to help put this game over the top
76561198113993771,Recommended,236150,8746277,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Wildfire,"I would like to be able to set mulitiple waypoints, is this going to happen in future?"
,Recommended,236150,9951751,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,szopaw,"A really interesting looking game. I like the controls, highly customisable, flying star-fighter style seems equally as easy turret-based capital ship combat( depends only on the style of ship, which can be better suited to either, which is exactly what it should be). HUD and contextual control panel pack a LOT of options and info into a simple, streamlined system. Graphically it's easy on the eye, won't praise it, but there's nothing I can think of that would need pointing out.The thing that would need tweaking is a detail, but impacts the game heavily, since it does with navigation: The waypoints do not say WHAT they point to on the map. Can't tell whether it's my active mission, accepted but not active or a completely new one. To be fixed ASAP, as going from point to point IS the game.The only other minor thing doesn't impact gameplay, but would make it a bit more interesting:*Refine the weapon mounting system. Grouping them together for ship sides is a good idea, but it would be good to have access to all single individual mounts anyway, also showing where they are on the ship, Star Wolves style (since they avoid fireing THROUGH the ship, which is as unexpected as it is brilliant), for enabling a more tactical loadout.*Connecting to the former, make the whole drydock/store/exchange window bigger and clearer. As it is now is not very intuitive and requires spending at least a few minutes just studying it to finally grasp what half the options actually are, much less taking advantage of them.In general, a good game even at this stage, just needs tweak and a good plot implemented. The latter would make a good game a great game."
76561197992359211,Recommended,236150,8350978,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,{RnT}DeathLivesInMe,A work in progress but it already shows so much promise!!
,Recommended,236150,8442862,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sneblot,"So far so good, I was really looking forward to getting X Rebirth but having read the reviews about how bad that game was I decided to give this one a go. So glad that I did!!Not only are the graphics for space very beautiful (due the the expense of fast travel I spend a lot of time with all power to engines on just watching space), the one main problem I have with any RPG games is grind, but this feels hardly like a grind to play.Early access things surely can only get better. I can't wait to see what happens.Smoke me a kipper I'll be back for breakfast!"
76561198026082876,Recommended,236150,8774561,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Keenan Green,Great game. I can't wait until all the features are added. I would like to see negotiations. I would like to break down a ship and kill some of the crew so I can board with a smaller force.
76561198042027281,Recommended,236150,9047990,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kore_Soteira,"Possibly the most polished 'Alpha' build I have ever played.  The game is by no means complete at this moment in time, however its a lot of fun and is showing a great deal of promise.  If the developers are true to their word and remain as committed as they appear, then this could be something special..."
,Recommended,236150,9177478,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Your God,"So far the game has been really fun!  I accidentiliy launched a missile at a dreadnought and for the next 5 minutes it continued to pursue me...which was kinda scary.  I like the mining aspect of the game as well, though i just blow up every asteroid that gets in my way, and sometimes there are stuff like rovers on the asteroids so it is in your interest to mine"
76561198006415513,Recommended,236150,9497077,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,cjweiss97,"loving the game so far, and im excited to see what the developer does over the next few builds."
76561198042863528,Recommended,236150,9934115,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Shudder,"Reminds me of the game Freelancer, its a GG"
76561198026117501,Recommended,236150,8863698,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Thumper,So far this game is very positive.  I played Gemini 1 and loved it.  This is far and away better then the last.  Not to hard to figure out and I haven't even used the tutorial.
76561198059779495,Recommended,236150,8950756,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,chenghmong,"There are a lot of really good space sims out there, this is one of them.  But one thing that sets this game apart from those other games is this:  Noob friendliness.  This games UI and setup is so easy/simple that even someone who has never played any space sims before can get the hang of within an hour or so, and that's FAST.  The UI may be simple, but it's still got the same flexibility to let you do what you want.  Every time I start a new space sim, I always think 'oh god, i gotta relearn the whole system again.'  but not for this one.  Also, that map UI reminds me soo much of google chrome.Currently, the gameplay is extremely fun even for not being complete.  One could hardly tell, except for the fact that skill, equipment, and fighter keybinds don't work--but that's okay, they're all just a mouseclick away via the easy to use UI.I haven't played long enough though to figure out how deep this game is, whether or not the trading system is static or dynamic, or whether or not what you do affects prices.  I haven't played long enough to see whether or not the universe is 'alive' like in other games, but this is good enough for someone who wants to pick up their first space sim and not be overwhelmed."
,Recommended,236150,10193147,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Nightwulf29,"THis game definitely takes me back to the likes of Freelancer but with greater flexibility, The format is easy to learn and combat is really fun. Highly recommend this game!"
76561198006686760,Recommended,236150,9470564,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Darius128,"Awesome 4x space game. controles take a little time to get used to but overall a very nice game. Dogfighting can be a bit better, you lose sight of the enemy very fast."
76561197973575529,Recommended,236150,9799169,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,LarryTee,While it still needs some missions and a story line its going to be a great game. Runs smooth and works well. Little to no problems. Wish I had picked it up when it was in alpha. If you like space based games should be on your buy list.
76561198015536220,Recommended,236150,10056619,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Don Montega,"Starpoint Gemini 2 a sequel with lots of improvements, while keeping to the free form of the predecessor.This game feels as motivating as Freelancer with its extensive Universe to explore, dozens of ships, different ship classes and moddable loadouts.I did enjoy this game very much, it plays like a cross-over between freelancer (free to explore universe, dozens o ships) and the Star Trek Fleet Command titles (tactical fights, commanding capships).Whether you want to relax mining and trading, or engage in combat missions and piracy, this game will be worth its money.Did i mention you can capture enemy ships by boarding combat? You can!If it flies, it is there for the taking!As a captain your first and foremost crucial choice will be your class.You can either be a Commander, featuring buffs for your fleet, empowered strike craft, retaliatory attacks and defensive boosts.Or you can try to outgun the enemy by becoming a Gunner, who can specialize his offensive power by adding effects like disabling hits to his beam weapons, firing more shells with railguns, adding a higher refire rate to his high damaging plasma canons or boosting his heavy weaponry (schockwave cannons, missiles and torpedos).Last but not least the Engineer, a very versatile class with a lot of debuffs.Ever got tired of fast moving corvettes and gunboats dodging your railgun shots?Just place a Rift-Anomaly and slow them down, then hit 'em hard!Your second decision might be to specialize in a ship-category, as you can boost the efficiency of your ship by spending perk-points granted every 5 levels.What will be your choice? A fast and mobile light ship(gunboat/corvette)A merchantship, to rule the market with your cunning? (transport/freighter/freight-liner)A medium class mobile Warship? (Frigate/Destroyer/Cruiser)A vessel of personified dread? (Battleship/Dreadnought/Carrier)The Choice is yours to make, though it is not final,for you can reset your spent skill- and perk-points while being docked to a station or planet and try anew.Currently this game is in Beta Version 0.7, so there are still some issues and lacks:- ingame descriptions of skills and mechanics lack some love and proper english translation- the weapons need some diversity, e.g. faster firing weapons need a higher projectile speed to use them against fast moving targets (railguns and plasma weapons)- boarding combat is currently a numbers game, lacking the predecessors ingame videos and feedback- the missions currently are restricted to Assassination (search and destroy), delivery, repair of beacons and rescue missions- they need to put in some ships from the predecessors (prokhorov for example) to add even more diversity to the allready well modeled and animated ships- ship special abilities are not included yet (like a full frontal arc auto-canon for baeldor frigates or high-energy blasts for dreadnoughts)"
76561198039125506,Recommended,236150,9821410,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Winter,"Amazing game. As close to Freelancer 2 as I think we've gotten or will get with next gen sims like Elite and Star Citizen coming out. There's a huge amount of depth here and free play mode is seriously awesome. So far I have...Missions / Trade / Exploration ( the universe is pretty huge and there are no jumpgates, you want to go somewhere be prepared to have a tea and fly it )Boarded and pirate who attacked me while mining. Stole their ship, towed it back to station, 60k profit w/ a hold full of ore as well. Enough to purchase some weapon and power grid upgrades & repair my own hull.Still mining, happily shooting rocks in a deep and immersive asteroid belt miles from any station ( the graphics are fantastic ) again unaffiliated scumbag smuggler drops my shield and attempts to hack my power grid. Fire a grappler, boost shields, send feedback up his signal to shut down his shields instead, steal everything on board, destroy his engines and leave him to die in the darkness.Ships are hugely expensive. Hatched a plan... equip a gunship w/ a cloak and heavy shielding. Observe trade routes and traffic to a wormhole. Wait for lost lamb transport indy with no escorts ( they are tough as nails and heavily armored ) ... decloak, target, fire a grappler, boost shields and tear their ship apart until they surrender, kill everyone on board, towed it to station under a salvage license since it was an independent, now it's mine. All repaired and with a new coat of paint & trade license ( my main job, trading is awesome and dynamic, you need smarts and a good memory of hundreds of stations / planets )Right now I'm flying across the universe in a heavily armored trade / transport ship carrying passengers, 2 vips and sipping a tea on autopilot. 100 thousand K to go, it's going to be a long flight. If anyone needs me I'll be in my cabin.All is quiet... for now.And this is alpha. Srsly."
76561198047272626,Recommended,236150,8318610,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,alex888,Having a blast. Easy to pick up hard to master. Game works fine. Great community.
76561198079545168,Recommended,236150,10003612,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,meadman( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)乇乂,"IN THIS GAME You can do missions where you smuggle nudie magazine through pirate filled wastlands full of direlect ships and then defend against said pirates who sent a scout who scanned your ship when you weren't looking and reported back to the pirates further ahead that you had said nudie magazines and siad pirates further ahead launch an ambush from behind a massive freighter wreck from a previous ambush and they take down your shields and breach your hull and send a landing party and thankfully your ship is full of Marines who you hired to protect the nudie magazines at the station where you got the nudie magazines and the pirate landing party is slaughtered and you use a special button to dedicate all available power to your engines and then you leave the pirates in the dust, swerving to avoid asteroids and massive dead ships as you make your way to a remote station where you are greated by friendlys and you dock at the station and sell your nudie magazines and repair your hull and use some extra money to hire an escort ship, so next time, the pirates won't be a problem. 10/10"
76561198109767277,Recommended,236150,9940437,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Gladius Delta,"I just got this game and after 25 minutes of getting slaughtered by the ships near where I spawn, I think Im with this game because its polished, smooth, challanging and best of all, reminds me of a game on the apple store ''Galaxy on Fire'' that i played on my ipad 1. This Game Is Worth every penny and perfect for people who like sci-fi, RPG, and Challanges."
76561198037929317,Recommended,236150,10184074,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Spudtastik,"I haven't played this game much to start, but I can say that for the time I have spent playing it that it is the space sim game I have been looking for. I've tried a few other space sim and space sim-like games such as ""Galaxy on Fire 2"", ""SpaceForce: Rogue Universe"", and (sadly to say) ""X-Rebirth"" and in my opinion and experience I have found them to be full of frustration and disappointment for me.But Starpoint Gemini 2 feels very intuitive. I'm not lost trying to figure out the controls because the tutorial at the beginning clearly and plainly explains them. I've had few issues with bugs or glitches. Iv'e only had to make screen resolution/graphics adjustments in the game settings to prevent slight lag, which I'm sure that it will either be sorted out soon or my pc just needs an upgrade. I am also thankful for the leveling out command so that when I am upside down or slighlty off level I can let the game level me out without me screaming/freaking out. (Which in space, no one can hear you scream... lol!)Also, if you're looking for a good space sim game don't waste your time on other ones like X-Rebirth (especially not X-Rebirth!) because SG2 also has a reliable dev team. So it's not just because of the graphics, controls, etc. that makes the game great, but also because there is support. I've noticed that the devs for this game actually care about user input/feedback and work on the game updates in a timely manner which makes me want to play more and get invovled in the developing.This one is truly promising and fun to play as it is now. I am eager to see this game finished but not rushed and with lots of new options, features, and plenty of storyline/campaigns to play through."
,Recommended,236150,8419847,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bread Tomato,"I love it I love it I love it.I've been playing this for some good hours straight. I have encoutered minimal bugs like when I'm on the starmap, my cursor has to be a little bit off of what I'm actually trying to click on... sure it's annoying but this is only in alpha, and that is my main concern?? Very well done game I'm extremely excited to see this game evolve! Although I am glad I got it on sale, 15$ maybe 20$ would be a better price than what it is. I'm getting tired of seeing alphas and early access games near full price. It's an alpha for a reason. Aside from the high price this game is definitely on my recommendations list.Cheers!"
,Recommended,236150,8400311,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nems,"Good space shooter, much better than the new X3"
,Recommended,236150,8398735,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ForgotPants,This game is fantastic! It's quite polished and crashless for its Early Access tag. It reminds me a lot of Freelancer and I would recommend anyone with the freelancer itch to buy this while its on sale!
,Recommended,236150,8829845,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Leopold Stotch,"This is a ""first (actually second) impression""It's shaping up.I bought this game a while back, in my seemingly neverending search for a satisfactory Space game.There is a text-only tutorial that I never bothered with, so I can't comment on that. You can skip ahead without worries since you can reread it later on if you need to.Graphics are pretty decent, the ship designs I've seen so far are varied and cool for the most part.The biggest plus part so far, is that this game seems to focus more on capital ship warfare, rather than on fighters and small corvettes like many of its rivals.The interface is also good, albeit a bit unintuitive and at some times utterly unresponsive. Some keybinds don't seem to work and it still needs some visual or audio queues as to what you just did, there is no indication anywhere on your screen whether your weapons are set to free fire or not (at least none I can spot).It seems sandboxy enough so far, with content appearantly procedurally generated and catered to your ship and level.It's a diamond in the rough and clearly unfinished, but already playable enough for me, I will surely be spending some more time in this game than before.So if you have the money and can live with the flaws listed above, give this game a try."
76561198066435842,Recommended,236150,9329013,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,MulDoom,"Think StarTrek meets Cowboy Bebop. Yes, that good.At this stage in development only two things can be suitably inferred from this game. Its tone and core mechanics. And I am exceptionally pleased with both. Even as an early alpha it is successfully scratching a difficuly itch to reach.I wanted a game where I could zoom around the solar system getting into fights with phasers and torpedos, having to jockey for position all the while balancing my shields, engines, and weapons. SG2 gave me exactly that. The combat is very nice. In its current state the missions are randomly generated, MMO style, filler quests, but this does not prevent the encounters from being very fulfilling, if for no other reason then the solid underlying mechanics. This game will really cause you to think strategically. Will you perform the risky gambit of dumping all power to the shields and weapons to try and pick off a weakened enemy in one pass or will I shift that power into the engines and hope for a second chance to strike at that exposed hole in their shields. As the game progresses you will be making that decision and others as you have to contend with swarms of fighters and imposing warships. It requires just enough of the player to be extremely fulfilling when a risky maneuver works without being unduely frustrating when it fails. And you will fail alot. But the game is at its best when it is challenging. That is when the flexibile thinking and fast micromanagment that characterizes its combat will bring out your inner Jean-Luc Picard. And when it does you will feel great.The tone is harder to express then the mechanics, but is a perfect compliment to them. If you have ever watched Cowboy Bebop then this game will be like putting on a pair of comfortable shoes. Two things drive this feeling. First, the music distinctly reminds me of some of the tracks from the show. There are no jazzy interludes, but the background music reminds me of some prog songs accompanying the space scenes. The music is seamlessly woven into the background noise of your lasers, phasers, engines, and missles. Most of the time it is barely noticeable above the ruckus but it is a soothing distraction during a long sprint across the map. It simply suits the game, perfectly conveying the mystery and the solitude of space. The more obvious callout to the tone of Bebop is the types of missions available so far. Most are bounty type missions and trading runs. All taking place in fantasitic locals with cool space stations. The game has a very awesome setting. And the scale of which really makes you feel like a plucky captain trying to scrape by in a much larger universe.All in all I was looking for a game that would let me feel like I was flying a spaces ship. This did that and more! Not only did it have the gameplay I desired but it did so in a very cool way. As such SG2 has exceeded my expectations. It is perfectly filling a niche in my gaming library which I have been searching to fill. I would highly recomend the game to anyone who has got the space captain itch. Star Citizen is a far way away. But even in Alpha SG2 rocks! And its future looks so promising. All things considered, 9/10.The only downside is a slightly difficult camera. You will get used to it but I feel like it doesn't need to be something that we should have to get used to. An autolock feature which would keep the camera centered on a target and  making the turret mode more responsive with less 'momentum' would be sufficient. But this is just nitpicking. SG2 looks to be a great niche game. And if you are interested it deserves your money and attention.-rm"
,Recommended,236150,11892315,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,gloomygus,"UPDATE: After lots and lots of play time, I've lost very little enthusiam and this has become my favorite game.If you find yourself missing Freelancer but wishing it was more robust in just about every measure (barring an in-cockpit view), this game is for you. There is a vast universe, seamlessy connected* so that you can fly between them without having to load at a ""waygate"" like almost every other space game out there. Sure there are gates and wormholes and all the other staples, but they're not necessary.The starter ship is gorgeous, and you can customize the look of your ship in small ways. Combat uses a lot of showy glowy beams that seem to trade off well against each other balance wise, short-ranged instabeams, blaster/plasma-beam-ish projectiles, glowy-trails-having missiles and so on. Your turrets don't just magically fire through your ships, so firing arcs are a concern, and multiple turrets with mismatched areas of defense are possible. You can enlist specialists in your crew who cost you extra expense but provide bonuses, in addition to an amazing range of customizations. You can reassign power between guns-engines-shields on the fly.It's currently an open-world, with promises of guided story plots to come. At the moment you can mine and take run-of-the-mill and short missions, kill this scan that ferry those. You can buy hunting licenses for different groups froim their enemies. The game needs longer more immersive plots, but the dev has already stated there's more to come int hat regard.There's the controls. There is a wide range of things you can do in this game, giving somewhat detailed commands to your fleet and crew, cloaking, grappling (best to shoot the enemies' guns off first), instructing your crew which guns to shoot off first. It is... daunting... looking at your control customization options. I recommend playthrough with the control defaults at first until you find which controls you will actually use best in your personal play style. You will be using just about every key on your keyboard make no mistake.That takes me to the tutorials. Just suffer through them they are awful annoying popups but informative.*this is beta and there's a slight hiccup when moving from grid to grid"
76561198064858884,Recommended,236150,9958054,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Fatkin,"Besides the several game crashes which is expected of a game in Beta, it is an amazing game with great visuals, combat and  a lot of potential. being able to steal then commandeer enemy ships is great and allows you to get better ships rather than just mining astroid fields and scavenging ships."
76561198080951997,Recommended,236150,11940231,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,HijuSama KIll,I like it tons of stuff to explore lots of different ships the game does crash on occasion for me so that brings playing for long hours to a no cause well that pisses me off so i usually quit cause of what ive lost but i personally love it lots of playability and tons of content
76561197985788379,Recommended,236150,12123543,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Hugh_Jass,"I have been wanting a space game that feels chill, but has lots to explore. But I don't want to spend much time flying, and I don't want to spend much time looking at menus nor trading data. I wanna fly around a do♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wouldn't say it's much of a sim, but it's enough micro management to make me feel in charge of my ship. I would call it a space adventure. I have much more to play of course, and I am excited. There's plenty to explore and learn. Also the game has a great team behind it that communicates with it's player and fans. If you liked freelancer, tie fighter/x-wing, open world RPGs, and games that involve the players, like steam workshop and such, then this game should give you all the feels you need."
76561198067242830,Recommended,236150,11666392,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Omicron,"Tracked one of the most notorious pirates through out several star systems. Cloaked my ship, and carefully positioned myself right behind his engines. Then all at once I unleashed a volley of plasma, beams, and fusion torpedos. After crippling his ship, and his crew members, I launched a viral torpedo to further reduce his fighting force. I next beamed over my superior marine forces and collected the bounty on his head. With his ship a drift, I tractored it to the closest friendly base where I added his battleship to my garage. Now I fly around fighting these pirates in his old ship. Big thumps up for this beta game."
76561197970309321,Recommended,236150,12408838,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Zipit!,"This is a fun, engaging ""light"" strategy / action game. It draws inspiration from both Starfleet Command and EVE online without being nearly as complex as either one. Think of it asStarEVE Offline Command - the Animated Series- and you will get the idea.If you are an experienced gamer in this particular genre you will probably pick up the basics in an hour or so, get a feel for the extent of the content in about 4 to 6 hours playtime - and feel sufficiently masterful after about 10-12 hours.To enjoy this game you have to patient, enjoy slower paced exploration coupled with quick bursts of fairly asymetrical combat (both in your favor and otherwise) - and be ready to allow for a certain quirkiness that comes from game devs whose native language is not English. On that point the devs are super nice peeps who love to get feedback and talk about how to improve the game on their forums.Like most games these days, SG2 is evolving. I think what we have now is a solid foundation for many expansions yet to come and I, for one, am looking forward to seeing where it goes from here.This is definitely a great game for people who, like me, enjoy playing for long stretches at night with groovy techno / trance music in the headphones while watching the beautiful space scenery slip by... without the constant combat of SFC or the massive timesink (and perpetual 2nd class citizen status) of EVE."
76561198026118314,Recommended,236150,12425123,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jon Snow,"Pretty well composed.  Difficulty moves up quite rapidly.  Definitely needs some sort of multiplayer, at least 2 player co-op."
,Recommended,236150,12506806,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,The Real Slim Jim,"I love this game, I used to play EVE Online and other space sims like the X series, Elite dangerous etc this is a real gem. I have no idea why I did not buy it sooner even though not many campaigns are out (you only have the option of free roam or campaign with out mods I assume) the game has so much to do in it. I thought EVE had a ton of factions and corps but this game I swear theres at least like 40 factions and the idea of having a small fleet is amazing. Its a must buy for eve players."
,Recommended,236150,12502630,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Satanatos - SPG2 Spacelancer,"I do not take my time to review games. I prefer to play them instead, especially if they are this good. From the music to the game play it all suits me just fine. Pour some whiskey and get your hands on commanding your own vessel in this beautiful space game. Developers are hard working, responsive guys and I am happy to have helped them with this purchase. They do deserve it for their efforts."
76561197994911505,Recommended,236150,12503333,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,emperorvl,Needs more ships.  But def worth the pricepoint.
,Recommended,236150,12368051,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TheInfamousFX,"Didnt think too much of this when it was mentioned to me.  I was burned on X-Rebirth, played eve online, and mostly disappointed by anything space-wise that has not been eve.  X:3 was a decent game as well.  I picked this up for ~$20 and was instantly impressed with the game.  It has a huge map, really great fights, and things arent handed to you.  It does feel like it needs some touchup with certain aspects, but they are VERY minor and the devs are constantly looking for opinions on how to improve it.  Its an excellent game in its current form and with the addition of Workshop, its going to be huge when the mods start rolling out.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198015951071,Recommended,236150,12395287,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Goodnite,Very well done game. Everything X-rebirth should have been but better. Basically EVE online with out the multiplayer. Play however you want and do whatever. Developer encouraged modsupport even comes with a mod tool. Having such a blast crusing around salvaging derelict ships and getting attacked by roaming cloaked pirates!
,Recommended,236150,9924015,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Czech this out!,Buggy but playable if it doesn't crash or encounter servre lag. The game mechanics are intutive and easy to get the hang of once you start playing for a while. The game is what X: Rebirth should have been like from the start. Their support staff/community have been quick to reply to my bug report and problems. Which is great! :)
76561198151195244,Recommended,236150,12101584,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,JasonC,So far its fantastic can not wait to play more of this game
76561198006266609,Recommended,236150,12101548,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Stoon Finger,This game is fantastic!  It took me a second to get used to but as a huge fan of freelancer this was exactly what I was looking for!  It's gorgeous and affords a wide variety of gameplay options... The mod options are also very cool as I love steam workshop integration... i'd highly recommend it especially as it's currently on sale.
,Recommended,236150,23698065,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hu_man,"Starpoint Gemini 2 totally scratches theFreelanceritch without all that pesky not-drinking-anything in outpost saloons.Bad News:I couldn't fight my way out of a paper bag in this game, though I could tag along with patrols and get credit for being there, even if I couldn't score a kill, myself.Good NewsThe non-combat options in this game more than make up for my shoddy combat skillz. Between science, maintenence, ferry, taxi and smuggle missions, I've been able to eek out a living. With a cloaking device I can even operate in territories way above my skill level.I've not played any of the campaigns (but have 51 hours of play time, go figure) so I don't know how they pan out. Been resistent to trying them considering my slacking gunnery, even with way-overleveled guns."
76561198048150448,Recommended,236150,7980100,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,SpicyBeans,"I cant seem to control my ship and although i was looking forward to its dark atmospheric universe, i am not able to get past my first space battle due to poor response of controls and the constant lag, but i will stick with it as i enjoyed gemini...hope i get some patches soon tho!!!!"
76561198003841064,Recommended,236150,8076722,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,(DadSquad) CHARLIEMURPHY GAMING,"Hi, love the concept.. ill get right to it.      In the Starchart, when you click on a waypoint option, I think the font on the little options menu that pops up should be bigger by about double.  It would still be a small concise menu but If between the two options of having a small font or a little larger easier to read one then i think it would just plain make for a better StarChart experience :)Keep up the good work!!"
76561198062528270,Recommended,236150,16633071,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lance10ca,"Starpoint Gemini 2 + Secrets of Aethera DLC:Excellent sandbox space game, campaign missions are quite easy at first and then they aren't, you need a bigger ship. Which means credits.  Trading, pop-up missions, side missions, capturing ships and mining are your friends now.Once you get you fingers trained on flying it's a lot more fun...fly in hard and fast and then slow down to stay on the tail pipe of your target, watch out for the explosive radius of your own missiles.Trading/Mining could use some TLC. The small cargo space and low margins on items makes for a lot of trips for those playstyles to make a lot of credits.A dedicated mining ship would be a good idea, with maybe a compressor item or mining laser enhancement or something so that you can fit more than 1 ore in 1 cargo slot.The trading screens in the map could really use a mode to show best to/from, rather than a per-item best buy/sell, also remote buy/sell ala Eve would be great.But trading and mining isn't what this game is about. The real fun comes with capturing ships and running the various types of missions.Capturing takes a while to figure out, I suggest youtube and practise.  Basically, grapple, burn the hull down 2/3rds of the way, transport your troops and keep transporting them as long as you have troops. After you get the hang of it, you take every mission around your level just to try and capture another ship.The pop-up missions are rather generic, about 10 or so different types that I've found and they differ only in the difficulty of the enemies. Some are out-right free credits and XP (science, repair).The Side Missions are quite variable from the few I've done, more credits and XP and more difficult than the pop-ups.The Campaign Missions are similar to the Side Missions in reward and difficulty but advance the story-line.Exploring the map is a lot of fun, it's huge...also more areas to find capturable ships and missions.One downside, when you play windowed, if you focus off the game, it will pause. This is non-condusive to setting a long waypoint, maxing your engine power and doing something else on the other monitor.Very fast save/loads.The fights can be quite intense, the AI seems to be aggressive, but not stupid, it'll gang-tackle you quite happily. The auto-firing works great, but I'm not a fan of the way it keeps shifting targets to closest enemy as opposed to the target you've selected. I guess I have to learn manual firing.I suggest staying with the Tauris starter boat, pick a weapon type, level that type up  and stay with it for the first 20 levels or so. The gunboat is a paper-tiger, so you learn a lot about dodging, firing, and your equipment needs. Lot's of save and reloads figuring it out. ++Shield Boosters, Repair Nanobots, Hull Plates.66hrs, 8.5/10 and am still playing. It's not solo-Eve, but darn close."
76561198046729178,Recommended,236150,24099301,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr. Kage,Gameplay is awesome so far.  Will update after I've logged more hours.Voice acting is meh.  I can't tell if Jeremy Coop is supposed to be Jamaican or French.  Or both??
76561197977890607,Recommended,236150,7976878,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,philip_walters,Well lets just say nice time killer but i wanna see where they wanna go with this game becaues right now it gets boring after 3 hours. It is not done yet but i can see that the modding crews can do something good with this game if they want to.
76561198026951278,Recommended,236150,8014954,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ida,The game is stuning in graphics the controls are a bit hard to get useto but it becomes worth it ive only just started so im hoping for some online play but so far it dose not look like it is online. it is worth playing the only game i can compare this one to is freelancer and the game was awesome this one matches it but lacks the online part so far.
76561198026831493,Recommended,236150,14599055,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mr McFuzzyWinkle,"Wow! Just Wow! I bought this game back when you could basically do a little mining and fly around attacking small craft. After coming back after so long, I am truly impressed in what they did with this game. I loved playing Eve, but not paying monthly subscribtions for months of mining, grinding, and training, only to get a Tengu and have it blown up in minutes by a swarm. Those days are over! I had always hoped for a single player game like this with a sandbox option. Hopefully, they might add co-op or being able to take over a space station and starting your empire, pirate kingdom, etc. They may have that, b8ut since I started playing the game I have been too busy playing to take the time to read the change docs. I even bought the DLC. I'm just so glad for the early access games. While I did buy a few early access lemons, games like SG 2 and 7 Days to Die have made the investments well worth the risks. Finally the type of space game that I've always wanted as opposed to the RTS type!  I feel the game is well balanced. I love the boarding option and the progression from miner to caputring ships to sell and hunting down ""bosses"" (bounty hunter). I get to the story line when I want to, as well as running side missions and other replayable missions (escort, assasination, etc) that pop up. The map is large and there are many factions. I can't wait to see what else they are going to do next!  A definite buy for space gamers!"
,Recommended,236150,16336890,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tatann,"Great space sandbox game, the best one I've played in a long time. Plus the dev team is great and passionate and definitely not in for the money"
76561197996882164,Recommended,236150,16753237,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TexRob,"My first bit of advice is this, ignore the people who reviewed this with 2 hours or less in game, or even 5 hours or less in some cases.I've played EVE, the Wing Commander games, Star Citizen, and many other games in this genre.  Out of every game in my Steam library, this is the one that has most surprised me.  It surprised me because I hadn't heard much of it, and I got it at a very reasonable price.  It also has the polish of a game by a much larger developer, and depth galore.  Campaign is nothing super special, but there are so many side missions or freelance things, I don't see it as a big deal.  That said, I am pretty early in the campaign so I don't know how it ends up, could get better.I rate this as a must buy if it even looks remotely enjoyable to you.  Give it a bit of time for you to figure out the intracies, and for it to impress you.  Things might seem simple on the surface, but the game is actually just the right level of complexity.  I can't reccomend this game enough."
76561198031141181,Recommended,236150,22218417,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,stekkos,"Not the best space sim out there, but a very good one. What it does best is it gives you a huge space to play with and float/fight/work/kill time/rush through/etc. at your own pace and style. For me that freedom and lack of restrictions on how to proceed gives it an edge."
,Recommended,236150,12250351,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,「不明」 Houjuu Nue ♆,"This was a great game in beta and even better now that it's fully released. It may take a little while to get into but there's plenty plenty of exploring, missions, ships, weapons and upgrades and also Workshop support.I haven't looked into the campaign much since the freeroam mode interested me more, but it seems to just be freeroam with story missions.The freeroam missions are a little samey after a while but there's enough variety of mission types for you to choose to be a pacifist or a full on fighter.Would recommend this if you like open world space sims, with factions and a good variety of ship classes and ships."
76561198003185627,Recommended,236150,12278571,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Floki,"Think of Star Trek Online and X3 had a baby, this is their child...Fun and addicting gameplay, tough economy giving a sense of pride in the ship you can afford, everything scales nicely. Outstanding Graphics, weapon effects and sounds. plenty of mods and Steam workshop mods.If you enjoy X rebirth, X3, EVE, STO and you don't own this game you are missing out big time!Just make sure you get it when you have a few hours to spare, you wont want to leave your seat!"
76561198006570154,Recommended,236150,12623073,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Calon,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is hours of constant enjoyment. I've been wanting a great space simulator for years and this fills that gap. Space combat ranges from you being overwhelmingly powerful and slaughtering a weaker enemy convoy, to suddenly being completely outmatched as hordes of enemy fleets warp in. You'll go from shifting your power-flow to fully charge your weapons; unleashing torrents of weapon-fire and watching enemy ships violently explode, to frantically diverting power to your shields and engines, cutting power from your weapon-batteries to overcharge your engines and jettison yourself free from the firestorm.The space combat, environment, and ships are all wonderful and deserve high praise. The only downfall is the narrative in the story mode. My only noted negative is that the plot dialogue is very poorly written: conversations are written with very simplistic wording, adding unnecessary filler dialogue in the middle of a conversation. The characters have no expression and sitting through the dialogue moments are frustrating to even hear the characters speak. All the character interactions are not written as real conversations, monologues occur at inappropriate times. A complete re-writing of the entire game's plot narrative (by someone with writing experience) would make the game perfect.8.5/10"
76561198039738529,Recommended,236150,12649817,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[fgt]Voodoo_101,"To all the people in comments who complained that difficulty scales with new ship class, you're wrong as far as I can tell. Just transfer your weapons from the last ship over and its no problemo."
,Recommended,236150,12271712,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Shamanik,"A great single-player romp for people who enjoy sci-fi combat games that use really unique control setups. Really, there's probably a few ways you could play this game. for me, it was joystick (logitech extreme 3d pro) and mouse (Razer Taipan, extra buttons on mouse are a nice thing to have for this game), combat is fast and fun and visually spectacular if you can get over needing a somewhat powerful gaming peripheral setup to enjoy fully, at least in my experience and opinion."
76561198071275511,Recommended,236150,10271004,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ApatheticExcuse,"Edit: So here we are after full release.In all honesty, the story is not presented in a manner I really find easily accessable, which is too bad but survivable. Besides that, everything I was told would be in this game is here, and all the fun I saw coming back in EA is also here. This is early access done right.In case you haven't read any other reviews, the game is very similar to EVE or X3 in sandbox mode. In story mode it feels quite a bit more linear, but as I said, this is simply because the method of presentation is just not my style, and you may find it's exactly what you like.Still, lots of fun, lots of freedom, and lots of beautiful, beautiful space in which to make your own story. Good use of your money if you like spaceship combat/trader/adventure sims.Original reviews:Even in beta, this is a good game. Not only is the game very playable, but the graphics are good and I personally find even the beta to be more stable and friendly to my recommended-spec rig than many full releases of other games I've played. Great forum community too and the devs are very open to feedback. There is not quite enough to do yet for freeroam to be worth $30,  but if you are reading this after the full release, then you should buy this!EDIT:Worth noting that the devs are so active on this that right now, only a few weeks after writing the initial review, enough stuff has been finalized or added to the current beta to probably make it worth your $30. Get on it!"
76561197974588589,Recommended,236150,8463304,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[Impact]Tolero317,This game is fantastic.  Reminds me of Freelancer
76561197988407434,Recommended,236150,8487661,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Fullmonte,I can't wait until this is finished!
76561198107213073,Recommended,236150,11362992,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Xacova,"I am using the gunner class freeroaming the map which is pretty big , i like to bounty hunt those big marks for the credit pay outs.Combat has a very usefull auto fire or you can choose to manual fire, if you wish you can order fire on the systems of the target or just general hits.Favourite ship class is  the destroyer's but i'm currently using a carrier usefull for exploring when things get heavy launch the fighters.I honestly think this game has some real potential and have really enjoyed what they have done so far i look forward to them making the single player aspects.The market and trading and ultra silly cost of travelling the trade lanes needs a good sorting though but i'm sure they will iron out those minor things.Hint use T-Drives to jump to get to destinations.Found a pass that makes using the trade gates free to use anywhere very handy for trading i must have missed this on my first character it cost 250k credits but you will make it back eventually.Flight consists of mouse controll and keyboard activated specials allthough most of the special can be activated via the middle mouse  button, graphically it reminds me of freelancer space backgrounds. And it has some nice customization you can do to personlise your ship with unique colours and markings and abillity to name your ship.Overall i have to say i would recommend and seriously look forward to the up comming content  and i'm sure this game will give you plenty of hours of solid fun , just like freelancer did !Also there is an active mod community and the Devs seem active, these are promising signs for life beyond the single player mode and game life in the  long run."
,Recommended,236150,8404860,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AceMaster,I've put in about a 1/2 hour yet in that half hour i've seen soo much potential and from what's already there I will sink many hours into this game plus modability.  I'm surprise I never heard of the first one :S  Oh well nothing like the 2nd coming of awesomness.
76561198092972888,Recommended,236150,9024713,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,(AJSA) GreyKnight,"This game is amazingly developed! I dont think i have another space i'd rather play, it gets alot of praise from me for all that its striving to be and all that it has become. Fans of major space games like the X series, EVE, and Freelancer will really find great potential in this game. If you love space games, rpg's and shooting stuff this game is worth looking into.I give this game a 10/10pros to me for this early access are easy to use controls, randomly generated side missions, gamepad support, amazing backgrounds and visuals, assortment of ships, skills and perks, and lastly a developement team that is truely dedicated to bringing an amazing game to its community.The only con would be that the map is not large enough to contain this much awesome."
,Recommended,236150,8771422,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cryface,One of the best Early Access games I have ever played. Great atmosphere!
,Recommended,236150,9255363,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Super Kame,"Its worth it, no doubt about it.  Hell, worth double the cost"
76561198001216533,Recommended,236150,12397903,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dr.Askenase,Great game and great customer support!SPG2 is not a Flight-Sim like the X-Games... its more likley a point and click and Flight-Sim Hybrid.Point and Click components are implemented in the following game Mechanics:- Targeting- Special Skills- Shooting (Auto Aim and Auto Fire [Optional you can aim and shoot by yourself but the controls are not really made for this])Flight sim:- Evasive Manuveurs- OutmanuveursAs you can see is the Focus on the Point and Click elements.Personaly  i would like to play this game as an pure Flight-Sim but the controls are right now just to clumsy (Mouse Aim is a little bit hard to master and flying with joystic will lead into big disadvantages because you will have massive problems to rotaet those turrets (Nearly all Weapons are turrets).But the Game is still in Progress and the Devs are very active in the steam forum and try to help there costumers nearly in every single thread that is posted. Suggestions are also taked really serious by the devs.The First company i know which has a suggestion forum that isnt just a placebo.Never has seen such a service before!
76561198006509315,Recommended,236150,8014689,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Knight Hunter Z,♥♥♥♥ing awsome
76561198006475334,Recommended,236150,22211793,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,QuintilianoB,"Its a decent game. You will probably lose a few hours of your life on it.The good:The history.The controls, very similar to Elite: Dangerous.Lot of ships.Lot of modules.Big space, lot of places to visit...lot of enemies =))Yet to see -> TITANS!!!The bad:The interface isn't intuitive. I'm still trying to find the rank xp bar...The ship loadout interface is a bit o confusing too.Aside from the main history, every mission is the same...Go there and kill someone...We should be able to save it whenever we want, not only inside stations.The worse:For some reason the game freeze at some dialogues and at random points while flying. The only solution is alt+F4.I've looked in the forums but not seems to solve it.If you are looking for something which resemble EVE without the complexe learning curve and a decent gameplay, this is the one. Just be prepared for redo some missions if the game crashes."
76561197971113305,Recommended,236150,22592636,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,agentfatmen,"I love this game but I am tired of games that have ""many ways to make money"" but only one that is effective.Ship that can hold 100 cargo:Try being a trader at about a 20% return. What this means is if you buy something at 80 and sell at 100 you make 20. You can hold 100 things so you make a total of $2,000Go mining. Best thing I found to mine sells for 900, get 100. 900x100=$90,000. This takes a lot of timeGo kill guys and loot them for random amounts so lets just say you only save the items worth 2,000+ so call it $100,000 but this takes a lot of timeORStart the game and as soon as you have control of your ship hang out around a space station and board the weakest ship you can find. Then sell that ship at the space station for $400,000+ depending on the ship.... takes 5-10 minutes or less..... Late game is even worse as you will be selling ships for millions."
76561198006589443,Recommended,236150,21908118,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jaydee,"Initially when I had a quick play of this game I didn't like it.But decided to give it another go, glad I did.It is very playable and a good way to while away the hours.Can get a bit repetetive.But it's a good game overall.Moddable.Will be buying the next installment.8/10"
76561197969699702,Recommended,236150,24275575,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DaiShan011,"9/10 This game is a total an amazing space simulator. You start off with a tiny little gunship and move up to commanding Dreadnaughts and Carriers. You can command a mini fleet of 2 other warships. The AI is decent, storyline is phenomenal, gameplay is great! I did not feel like there was any grind at all in this game, making money and moving on to the next level and ship was fast and easy. Game was very intuitive with a very helpful UI, biggest complaint is the blech voiceacting and the horrific accents. Other then that the devs are super responsive and made a great game. I own almost 200 games and rarely give out reviews, when I do I either loved the game or hated the heck out of it. I loved this game and if you enjoyed playing Freelancer, Wing Commander Series including Privateer, this is like those games except on crack."
,Recommended,236150,19575204,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rhapses,"Game managed to get my attention for over 50 hours, however in the end it got a tad monotonous and in the end found it to become rather boring for me. It's not to say this is a bad game. I guess the replayability and scope of what you could do got a tad monotonous in the end.For those who want to fly around shooting up ships, defend stations from attack, upgrade to increasingly better ships which you can customize, it's a good game to have. Graphically it was average to above average for me.At the end of the day, I think there were just many other games out there which drew my interest away from this.5.5/10"
76561198082086445,Recommended,236150,8032833,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,michael1364,"i like this game but why does it keep crashing, i`ve increased the ram and video card ram by 2 gbytes which makes it last 1hour longer but it still crashes"
76561198059187128,Recommended,236150,12097528,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mr. Caids,This game is beond fun it is  a master peace to say the least. even though the game is at a beta and there is sill much to improve on it's fun nun the less.
76561197996160893,Recommended,236150,22978689,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Xreyne,"I enjoyed playing this game.  It is fun, it is difficult at first to learn how to play.  But it tends to become repetative after some time.  Same  side missions over and over again.  The game never felt complete to me for some reason.  But a good game bottom line."
,Recommended,236150,12249126,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,joshmiller83,Awesome Game! Love it!
76561198052109716,Recommended,236150,11501200,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sarumoon,"i love flying around in space with no loads, but why cant we be in a solar system with a star in the middle and planets going around it, as far as we know thats how all solar systems work, this seems like just random rogue planets totally static in space. minor complaint tho its a great game already and its not even got main missions or even side missions but freelancing is what i wanna do anyway so im loving it, flying between planets and space stations, i just wish the map was the size of the actual universe... is that too much to ask? :)   for me its been a hit amongst a series of bad purchases, its really all im playing right now. i got it for 33% off and it was def worth that for me.   Edit: looks like it is more of a solar system than it looked like early on, the suns help. would be great to get the whole thing spinning, newtonian? capurnican? you know what i mean. maybe for starpoint gemini 3."
76561198091305793,Recommended,236150,13242234,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Fluffy Vtol,Its a good game but im not sure if antone else has issues with crashes i can play for a short time but then it crashes i hope it will be fixed
76561197993771932,Recommended,236150,12372583,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Nokta ☯,"A ""Must have"" for any Space Sim fan, SPG2 manage to deliver that ""freelanceresque"" feeling I've been looking for since... well FL itself.The game still have some things to be ironed out, like ship and weapon balance, trade and mining, and some minor bugs, but the devs are very active and truly listening to the community feedback. With some tweaks here and there this game could be a true successor to FL.You'll get sucked in by the wonderful surroundings, the ambient music, and the attention and love the small team of devs is putting into the game.If you loved Freelancer, you'll love Starpoint Gemini 2."
76561197971106939,Recommended,236150,12893058,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Raptor,"I love this game, completed main story line. Collected 50 artifacts. So many hero's to tangle with. The map is vast.Just engross youself. Thank you guys keep up the good work, looking forward to developments."
76561198144013563,Recommended,236150,12837145,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,rdskns71,"so much fun!! want to mine asteroids? destroy enemy ships? capture ships? and so much more, this game is for you!!"
,Recommended,236150,12720534,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Neurotoxsin,"I have been looking for a game to scratch the itch that Privateer left me with years ago.  This game takes me back to my fond memories of the open world joy that I love.  After trying the X series, Eve, and countless others I must say this one has been my favorite.  Its clean and easy to play but with enough complexity to keep things interesting for a while.I am looking forward to the game perhaps expanding in the future and going away from some of the predictability that i've noticed at 20+ hours of play.  Its nice and satisfying to have a game that i've purchased and feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198008703702,Recommended,236150,12751496,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Peckem,Vast upgrade from SPG1...No real end game.  Fun for awile.
76561198006962042,Recommended,236150,12734071,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Apache,"This is what ""x rebirth"" should have been, damn nice game"
,Recommended,236150,13219722,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"This isn't exactly Game of the Year material but it's an enjoyable enough space RPG thing, worth picking up on sale perhaps. I'm a noob to the space genre in general, so maybe its just noob friendly. Either way, for those of you unfamiliar with the series as I am, its worth a glance."
,Recommended,236150,12794493,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cian8900,"Very in depth experiance that does not disapoint on either scale or complexity. Only downside atm is the lack of a complete wikia page, but that will come with time."
,Recommended,236150,12862442,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CallMePsychotron,Spaaaaaaace!
76561198069979011,Recommended,236150,12320265,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,PsycoJr,"Amazing space adventure, fun, huge map, great survive action. Exploit other planets, evolve your caracter, mine asteroids, harvest debris and vanquish enemy ships, destroy your enemies, and more.Soon it will be possible to invade space stations, or build your own, and the fun will increse exponencialy.I strongly recommend."
76561198005404224,Recommended,236150,21547510,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Phalnax811,"Bought this game in Early Access ~3 years ago.  Been playing it off an on.  I doubt I'll ever get over 200 hours but that doesn't mean I don't like the game.  It's amazing seeing how barebones it was back then come to life - as in, freelance missions gave you like 1000 credits and a few dozen XP. Half of the interface was useless and many things were still placeholders.  It's neat to come across a large battle and swoop in to help or to loot.Quick list of pros/cons+Beautiful environment+Living world+SPACESHIPS!+SPACESTATIONS!+Many ways to get money/XP-I have zero interest in the Campaign (don't let that sway you; just a personal preference)-In sandbox mode, it doesn't feel as though you're a big part of the solar system, which makes sense. I guess what I was looking for in this game won't be realized until Starpoint Gemini: Warlords.-Damn PTE disrupting pirates.-A few things are underexplained.-Ship size difference is not noticeable enough and was a complaint since Early Access."
,Recommended,236150,12571246,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,cqdemal,"Finally, a game that scratches my decade-long Freelancer itch.But first, a disclaimer. While no longer an Early Access title, Starpoint Gemini 2 - as of October 2014 - is not quite the finished article. The game still has a number of items turned off in the options menu. Certain gameplay features seem to be half-finished, and the AI does not seem to be taking advantage of all the tools available in combat. In fact, many newcomers are bound to be turned off by the obtuse UI design and the text-heavy, non-interactive tutorials that spit out seemingly unending streams of text on things they have no idea about.Get past the initial frustrations, however, and you will find an absolute gem of a timesink. SG2 nails the three key elements of a good space sim: simple controls, a massive universe full of activities, and a million paths to success on your own terms. Starting off in a tiny gunship and a poorly-voiced campaign mission, you are quickly set loose and given freedom to roam the absolutely gigantic map to mine, trade, explore and fight to your heart's content. Veteran X players may be disappointed by the comparatively static world, limited fleet building options and inability to set up your own industrial empire in the stars, but everyone else should be more than satisfied with the wealth of choices at hand. This is more than worth it at full price, and absolutely unmissable in a sale."
76561197985900913,Not Recommended,236150,17795486,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,The Icecream Snowman,"This game is fun for a little while but there's so little variation it gets very tedious, which is a shame becuase the game mechanics are good.Cons:There are three quests you can do:1)Go here and kill these guys.2)Go here and scan this anomaly.3)Go here and take stuff over there.In order to make money you can either grind for days ferrying junk around, or buy a few upgrades for your crew and start hijacking enemy ships.  The former will take hours before you can buy your next ship, the latter will take minutes.  Rinse and repeat and winthin one afternoon you have the biggest, baddest ship with all the best hardware.There's no variation across the map: each sector feels identical.  I guess in real life the universe is very homogenous but you probably shouldn't use WMAP as your basis for a space RPG.The voice acting is pretty dull.  You can tell the actors aren't at all enthused by the story and nor was I.Pros:You can adjust the power balance of your shelds, weapons and engines, giving you a more hands on approach to aggresion, defence and running away.Each weapon and shield module has its own power and can be drained if over taxed during a fight, forcing you to keep manouvering to keep your better charged side towards the enemy.  This makes the big lumbering ships more interesting to play.You can take your unstoppable death machine, paint it shiny pink and name it ""Winnie the Pooh"".Summary:The game world is too big and too bland.  If the devs had put the effort into writing a better story and varying the world rather than inflating it, this game could be great.  Otherwise it feels more like work than fun."
76561198044507193,Recommended,236150,15832496,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,chris_boy_,"for those players are expecting this some kinda X3 replacement, i would recommend you not to buy it, I think reviews are base on expectation, I made some mistake of expecting this game just like X3."
,Recommended,236150,15829132,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Gutsyisland,"For my review in video form, click the link below! It's short and to the point. If you enjoy space exploration, this game is for youhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WwhZuANIbw"
76561197982259304,Not Recommended,236150,21978304,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mike.C,"The simplicity of the game is great, not over complicated. Having a fairly good tech tree and upgradability makes it truly fun. Where this game has gone wrong is in story development and the lack of atmoshphere in space... for $15 this game is worth it, but not for the current asking price."
,Not Recommended,236150,15886101,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tatsuhoshi,"As much as I want to like this game, I cannot.  Plagued with bugs that make it completely unplayable on half of my systems, I regret spending the money on this.  Windowed mode made it so I can't select menu items and had to delete the config file.  Attempting to turn on the gamepad support for my wired 360 controller made it completely impossible for me to actually select a menu item to start a game change settings, or even exit the game, so I had to alt+f4 out of the game.  The games graphics settings are ridiculous.  My systems all far outpace the requirements for this game, but only a couple of them will actually run the game smoothly.  I won't say there are better games out there that have the same feel as the first Starpoint Gemini, a game I love to play, but this game was just a disappointment and buggy mess.  Iceberg should be ashamed of releasing this game in this state."
,Not Recommended,236150,16395333,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DarkMyth,It's a good game but most of the tasks are repetative and I feel like I am nothing but a space bus.  It's a fun game for some but I felt the game lacked a lot of depth and content.
76561197972733083,Not Recommended,236150,12292584,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dr.Polsk,"What i liked:- Multiple options for combat (capture, shoot them up, cloaked assisn)- Vast universe with multiple factions- Many interesting travel options (jumpgates, gravity anomalies, wormholes, speed boosters and jumpdrive)What i disliked:- Poor storyline and terrible voiceacting- Horrid combat balance based on owned ship (if you have a tiny gunship and upgrade to a corvette or a frigate, suddenly all the enemies upgrade equally and you get blasted to smitherines in a matter of seconds)- Enemy difficulty based on player level (why on earth would i take a +xp perk - if i want increased difficulty i just do so in the option menu)- Due to scaling enemies almost instantly have many more troops in their ship than you can hope to send, which makes the troop capture option obsolete- Sinle use boost.. make them cost more (-> multiuse with cooldown) and dont make me run around half the universe looking for the ones i use- Class based skills - useless at best, let me at least replace them with usable items (boosts)SummaryI might give this game a thumbs up once balancing issues have been adressed and class skills make a difference."
,Recommended,236150,11072763,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"As a sequal to Starpoint Gemini it's beginning to look good... In a nutshell, they did a great job on the graphics and the 3rd dimension in the 3D environment can now actually be used. They also took away the seperate sectors and merged them into 1, with sometimes undesirable lag but no more loading screens and the feel of a huge area to play around in. Big plus there.The gameplay has suffered greatly though, as you can no longer buy/sell individual ship systems as would in the previous game, since a somewhat different system has been employed, but worse yet, there no longer is a significant subsystem targeting system, but from what I understand that is yet to be implemented.Bare in mind though that this is still in Beta when this was written, but it should give a general idea about what happened. With Starpoint Gemini in mind, I am a little bit more optimistic compared to my last edit. I did love that interface, but that's gone..."
,Recommended,236150,12197788,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MasterKnives,"This game has alot of potential, it's important that it exercises this potential to be something as great as Freelancer or X3 Reuinion. I've really enjoyed my time spent in the game so far, and hope that gets better."
76561197992432900,Recommended,236150,12364007,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pseudonym,"I am really enjoying this game.  To be fair, it has bugs, but overall it is fairly solid.  I used to play EVE Online for several years after it first came out and SG2 does have a *similar* feel.  The controls can be awkward at first, but after you make some fine-tuning on your own it becomes just as intuitive as any other mouse and keyboard based sim.  Note that in the last week+ since it came on steam, the community has been growing rapidly and there is a ton of good information to help new players adjust the game to fit their playstyle in this kind of sim.  If you are having difficulty, please look there and see if someone can help!One of the biggest factors for me is that the devs are continuously fixing the small things *and* the big picture as well.I'm excited to see where the game will go in the future..."
76561198022726481,Recommended,236150,12365037,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Fat Rambo,"I'm going to try to make this as concise and clear as possible but I have a lot to say. Also note I have not played the main campagn yet although I've put around 30 hours into the sandbox mode.Pros: SG2 has a huge universe with a cool backstory that can be read on the wiki. This game allows you to change alignments based on your actions. For the first 10 hours I was just trying to get to the point where I can strike out on my own as a pirate but ended up feeling that I wouldn't want to betray the people I had been helping the whole time. I'm not RPing as a bounty hunter, hunting down all criminals with a bounty on their head. It's pretty great.The art direction is absolutely amazing. So much so that I got a SG2 background for my desktop. I feel like it really grasps the true beauty of space. The music is deep and emersive and it changes based on the situation in a smooth manner.Cons: The learning curve was pretty tough in the beginning. There was a tutorial but it was kind of a huge wall of text after another.Conclusion: This is a truly amazing game. I wish these devs had an EA budget so they could make even more content. I will definitely be purchasing Starpoint Gemini 3."
76561198039841485,Recommended,236150,12365426,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Droll,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a very good tactical space RTS game, there are many other good reviews out there that go into details about the game.I would like to point out that there are stability issues, I have had multiple crashes but I do not mind much as I frequently save.EDIT: The crashes are gone now, overal im really liking the game right now, workshop is amazing."
76561198110359610,Recommended,236150,12366034,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Gettersburg,So far the game is great the bugs are a issue thou the Gryphics are mind blowing in my humble option.she combat is good after getting over the painfully help pages all in all a enjoy game love hunting priates.
76561197984851121,Recommended,236150,12366832,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zaltark,"This game starts out simple and slow, but it starts to ramp up as you get bigger ships and explore. I really do find it fun. While it may not have the same depth of some other sandbox space sims its certainly kept me entertained. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,236150,12380117,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,itsburnsie,"Epic in scale,  addictive in play - it's the space game that I've been waiting for since ""Freelancer""."
76561198087167917,Recommended,236150,12451823,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,EmperorsWill85,"A good way to kill time, I find this game satisfies alot of the nerdisms i sometimes need to let loose. add afew mods to it and next thing you know your playing it for hours. Also incredible graphics leave you feeling awestruck by the amount of detail incorperated into the back drop."
76561198030989184,Recommended,236150,12456226,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,farrier4,What a great game!  The perfect fix for those that loved Freespace.  Nice job!
76561198040461771,Recommended,236150,11475061,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,reddragoon11221,"needs shorter battle times, starting out i took on 7 crusiers at once and won... in the starting ship...that should not happen.to get money you HAVE to steal ships and tow, so there isnt much diversity to go into mining, looting, ect, cuz its petty chump change in comparision and its easy to capture ships."
76561198062176750,Recommended,236150,11913258,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dezjon,"Taxi missions are dumb, how do i fly 50,000 miles or whatever it would take like a RL whole day I dont get it! A campaign is seriously needed to teach the game a bit better as I really have no idea what I'm doing. Flying around farming meteorites and blowing up anything that's red is pretty fun though. Should be fun to see what comes with the whole game."
76561198059129781,Recommended,236150,22299394,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Minister of Deportation,This game is badass... i got bored a bit once i could pilot a dreadnaught but i get bored of most games eventually :)
76561198049684009,Recommended,236150,22317609,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CuriousCabbitBlue,"my general rule thumb is~ a dollar for every hour enjoyed, usually anyway a few expections but that's how it usually feels >3> already got almost 50 hours out this since I got it during the sale xD so very good buy~ even if it's not on sale it's worth it if you like space simsjust a heads up though~ without mods trading seems kinda slow~ best way to get new ships early/make money is to capture them"
,Recommended,236150,18417233,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jasdar Doberia,"This game has it all. Amazing graphics, captivating and addictive gameplay. NPC (Non Pussification Combat) battles are a challenge. I really like the map and enjoy the Main and side quest. Earning credits and acquiring ships is achievable. Plus there are over 100 mods to make the game that much more personalized. I highly recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of space sim and the like."
,Recommended,236150,22295348,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,K.CHA$ER,havnt played a space sim like this in a long time...
76561197976525405,Recommended,236150,18402705,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ComGaunt,"Pardon the format of my review, I am not formatting it very well.I bought Starpoint Gemini a couple of years back and just could not get into it.  I had put Starpoint Gemini 2 on my wishlist, hoping for a sale.  So I recently bought it on sale and I am find the freeroam mode very satisfying.I started out mining asteroids, then doing missions and all the while figuring out the different mechanisms for the game.  I had googled some ""Getting started"" guides and found out that boarding and selling ships was where most money could be made.  I had changed the game mode to easy, I wanted to check out all the different ships the game has to offer without too much of a struggle.   There is a clear progression with the choice of ships and going from your beginner Gunship and ending up with a Dreadnought is very satisfying.   The controls are a lot like Freelancer.Selling ships and taking out the most wanted from the Bounty board is a sure way to get rich fast.  There are different ""zones"" near friendly space stations that offer baddies from the different factions that are ideal for getting xp and capturing ships and dragging them to the spacestation.   Troopers are the currency that allow you to capture ships, space stations run out of them and then you have to go look for them somewhere else or wait until the space station has a new shipment of them.  I love the map with all the different factions and things to discover, there are structures called artefact vaults where you can collect an artefact, the objective is to collect all 50.  Some special kills (usually baddies from the most wanted board) yield unique weapons with better than average stats and some missions/kills yield   blueprint for unique equipment.  Most subsystems of  your ship can changed with upgrades that give bonuses.  You also can hire different officers that give bonuses. Furthermore once you reach a certain level,  you can hire mercs that join you so you end up with a little fleet.The combination of different ships (70 apparently), different officers, skills, perks, mercs and equipment and the huge map makes this game a great experience for me. I enjoy the grind of doing missions and capturing ships.   Overall a great Elite clone.  The story is a little thin and the game could use some world-lore detailing the history of the various factions beyond the news bulletins, something like the books in the Elder Scroll games would be nice. Also, the capture/trooper mechanic could be reworked a little, I never understand why some of my troopers still have to die when they are capturing an empty enemy ship."
,Recommended,236150,22342148,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Asparagus,"I got this on sale so my review might be skewed a tad but...HOLY SH*T!A vast galaxy filled with anomolies & hazards to navigate & explore anyway you see fit! Join a faction & mine asteroids for resources & make money! Or join the pirates & take over other ships for your own fleet (or sell them off) for more money! Or go freelance & complete missions for EVERYONE ranging from assasinations to station repair, Escorts & station defense to all round station assault! For bonus money! Or play a dashing rogue! Smuggle illegal contraband into neighboring systems-F*ck the establishment! For even MORE money!With enough weapons & variables to keep you armed & equipped well into the eventual heat-death of the universe, Starpoint Gemini 2 is a fantastic game. It's an absolute must-have when it goes on sale.However,If I have one proper complaint though it's the voice acting for the single player missions.Long story short, it's bad.Not like Resident Evil cheesy jill sandwich master of unlocking good-bad, it's just bad. Like, people reading off a script for the first time bad. No soul. Ginger.But for all the stuff this game offers, this is easily forgiven.Starpoint Gemini 2, people.BUY IT."
76561198029743753,Recommended,236150,22305318,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,StarFishon,"i was needed couple of hours to enter the game, but when it happend i discovered big world with lots of things to do, good number of ships and weapons, overall graphics are good, the more you continue into the game you have bigger and stronger ships, by that you start to play a lot more tactical(in start the battle are very quick, you dont need any tactical thinking, ships below level 10 isnt playing with smart AI, after that you will be needed to use items and be carefull.i recommend that game, just need to give it couple of hours before you enter the world.BTW the main story is kind of boring, but freeroam with side quests is very enjoyable."
76561198064070316,Recommended,236150,25744368,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,shann_cs,"I lost interest in the game although it's quite decent. I tried all type of missions, trading, exploring etc., upgrade ship and weapons. IMHO it needs 3 things..1.) balancing:- railgun weapons are far better than all weapon types (beam, plasma)- some red (high-lvl) missions are easy, got killed on some easy ones (low-lvl)2.) more deep mechanics- trading very stupid (although very effective to earn money till ~lvl10)3.) removing first ?LGM? screen when launching game!- it's very loud forcing me to throw my headpones from my ears in instanceI recommend this game for all space-sim-explorer-lovers not for common player looking for something new.."
,Recommended,236150,14568247,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,luckboots,"I don't recommend games normally, but this was a pretty darn good game for its price. You can freeroam or do the campaign right off the start if you like. Its open space, numerous side missions and things to do. You can trade, smuggle, taxi. I keep seeing this on sale and its better than 95% of the games on steam..."
,Recommended,236150,22293590,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,zufilico,"Great game, one of the best, I should put as ""not recommend"" because of compatibility issues with some graphics cards that are the economic reality of my country because we can not pay for here more than US $ 70 in a graphics card, because boards $ 300 arrive at the price of a car close to $ 1600.If not for such technical misfortunes would have kept the game but the developer contacted me, which I found surprising, made some changes and even helped me in configuration, but unfortunately the problem persisted.I'd love to stay with the game but unfortunately I can not, maybe in the near future, even with the few minutes I played could delight me with the quality.I'll keep an eye on the game waiting for an update.Thank you all for support."
76561197972970507,Recommended,236150,12255043,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dilber,"This game really scratches the Freelancer itch.  It's fairly easy to pick up, although I wish it had a better tutorial.  One of the early main campaign missions tells you to do something, but did not explain how to actually do it.  After stumbling my way through that it's been fairly smooth sailing. It's fairly easy to make cash, and the missions are fairly fun.  I did have a couple of crashes, but they were few and far between.  The autosave system when you land somewhere works well, and ensures that even if you do crash, you don't lose much progress.Overall, I'm really enjoying this game, and it was worth picking up."
,Recommended,236150,12254407,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Raanch,"This game is Eve, but fun.It's X:rebirth, but fun.I did not encounter 1 bug in 14 hours of playtime.Graphics are good for the price, comparable to AAA titles.Any game that keeps me playing well into the A.M. so I have trouble waking up tomorrow, is worth writing a positive review for."
76561198009436978,Recommended,236150,12260598,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BoredZero,"Pros: Plays like Freelancer, in that you trade, kill, or quest to buy better ships and weapons - except if you are patient enough, you can get from one end to the other on engines alone.That is, of course, assuming that you do not encounter any enemies or anomalies along the way that will screw you over.Cons: The voice acting is laughably horrible and the lines themselves are poorly written. It's like a B-/C+ grade movie. Not to mention the typos, the faulty delete button which doesn't work, and the ""Active Only"" filter which, again, doesn't work.Bottom Line: Get it anyway. The dialogue and voice acting is, ultimately, a minor issue."
,Recommended,236150,12257460,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FallenDevil86,One of the best space game that i've ever played. And with one of the best game devs in the world :D
,Recommended,236150,12312563,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ChristianL,"If you liked Freelancer, you'll probably enjoy this. It's not quite as good, but it's good enough. Oh... except for the dialogue. The writing is clunky and the voice acting is pretty amateur. Still, I'm enjoying myself."
76561198067476810,Recommended,236150,12331930,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,azziel,"first of all i would like to apolagise for a grammar mistakes since english is not my main languagesaying that here is a few thoughts about this game:1. it give u a freedom to do what u want, where u want and how u want. u can folow storyline but in my case i have left storyline for latter on and just explore and freelance around, so a + for a total freedom of a gameplay.2. easy to addapt commands and UI. took me around 30 minutes to catch all basic and advanced commands. so a + for UI.3. decent amount of different electronic music puts me back in my EVE days. not repetative and easy to chill whille u r towing around that heavy merchant filled with goodies to a friendly base. ( yea like in EVE i do pirate alot poor merchants )there are more stuffs, from storyline, choices of a gameplay, etc. i wont bore u guys with that.game is worth the money, it can easy make u to spend 100+ hrs in it.graphic even on low looks awesome, no FPS drops.overall i would give this game a solid 8/10 on freedom of choice/sandbox/visualhope i helped someone :)"
76561198007429677,Recommended,236150,12334343,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Marsaray,"This game is amazing. I'm going to have trouble convincing myself to go to sleep tonight after firing free play mode up. Consider the game Freelancer and then multiply it by 100000. I give this game easily an 8/10, and considering the price you would be foolish to pass it up. I'm surprised they are selling it for so cheap."
76561198020400598,Recommended,236150,12283744,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hexcyclone*,"This Game Is Rediculous, plays just like FREELANCER only not online, still fun and very great build, wish it had online servers! Worth the buy"
,Recommended,236150,13976989,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mithris,"This space simulation starts off a little slow but is a lot of fun once you get up and running. Think of it as a simplified version of the X series.  There seems to be a lot of things that aren't quite finished or shallow, but the developers have been quite activate in adding new content so far.  At this time, theres enough content to get about 25-35 hours worth out of this title at a minimum. Its very sandbox-y with an average story thrown on top.  The storyline itself was interesting, but the voice acting was pretty awful.  All in all, I'd recommend it only if you are into space sim games."
76561197960351648,Recommended,236150,13840980,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AuXiLiArY,"Fly a shipDock with planets and stationsaccept ""quests""Kill ships, loot ships, repair things, scan things, trade, mine.Level upGet new ship.Repeat, until you get a ship that can kill everything.KILL ALL THINGS.-------------------------------------------------------------But really I had a really great time playing this game. Reminds me of freelancer for sure. I cant wait to see whats added be it free DLC or paid."
,Recommended,236150,13877541,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fenren,"A wonderful space game for people who likes single player.It is not a game for you if you like to fly in a small fighter, here you command big ships with lots of guns from smallish gunships up to dreadnaughts and carriers.A great single player game for the player who likes big ships in space!"
76561198117622936,Recommended,236150,13839736,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stale Skittles,If your into EVE without the MMO aspect this game is for you! Lots of space to fly around in and Freelance Missions to do and so much more. You can easily drop 8 hours in a day.
,Recommended,236150,13845886,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Watchman1,"Starpoint Germini2The game is easy to play well balanced, it is so much better than the first Starpoint Germini which was good but this game is even better, more ships more goodies to collect and more to kill, from mining to capturing pirates.ProsMore ships and a fantastic game, lots to enjoy.A game well designed easy to play and enough depth to keep you playing for hours, days, months.ConsNone found"
,Recommended,236150,13900282,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Faptech,"I'll cover the game, but first I need to talk about the developers.This game is helmed by the best company/team I've ever encountered in a long time. They work & worked very hard on this SG2 which was even a joy to play incomplete in the earlier betas - constantly (like to the point of how do you get any work done?) reading, replying, and participating in forum discussions. They entertain ideas for how to approach planned features & possiblities of integrating new ones. This game is far from done in their eyes, and we are all excited to see how SG2 evolves over the long run.Oh yeah, the game: The graphics are awesome. The difficulty is varied enough to appeal to everyone (I'm in the extreme club, and find it quite challenging at times). You feel the constant itch to explore as available ship components, slot enhancements, crew officers, mercenaries, and new ship models differ between areas - and buying a ship direct from the manufacturer is cheaper than buying 3rd party from a different faction.Don't want to or can't buy a ship (because that faction hates you)? Grind rep and switch sides, or just board and capture the ship for yourself. Want to mine asteroid fields? You can do that. Want to capture ships and sell them for millions? You can do that too. Want to hunt down obsure achievements? They're here.And this game is only going to get better.Positive+ Awesome community+ Gameplay rewarding proper piloting+ Mod support (check out sound, graphics, and UI mods)+ Craftable rare drops (blueprints) that feel as good in use as they are frustrating to get+ Power management+ Huge map+ Wormholes!+ Great music+ Interesting campaign storylineNeutral+/- Slow start - it's very hard to begin classing up in ships, especially for new players. There are guides, but there is a bit of a grind. I like the payoff feeling from earning your way. Others will just go get a mod that gives them 1 billion credits. I suggest learning.Negative- Voice acting (there is a mod that improves a bit).- Illegal goods priced roughly equivalent to expensive legal goods.- Trade market prices could be more varied for better profits.- Few factors past pool numbers for shields and hulls.- Unrealistic aggro (2 gunships will ""think"" they can take on your dreadnought and rip you out of cruise speed)."
76561198085027931,Recommended,236150,12271661,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sir Lee Of Can,kewl  game
,Recommended,236150,11476779,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Origen,"Make no mistake, this is an early access game.  What's currently there is enough to keep you entertained for a few hours if you're a fan of the X3 series or EVE online type of space sims.  But to be clear this game isn't a full experience yet.  However in those few hours you'll have a blast and the game shows so much promise (version 0.7021).  I'm really excited to see where further development takes this game."
,Recommended,236150,11789101,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Norty,This game is sooooo cool as being my 1st space sim game i must say im impressed i really enjoy cruising around the verse cant wait for full release but loli would like to be able to have more control of my ships roll  like just having a roll speed slider or somthing like that in the optionstradeing is really fun for me so having some sort of trade manifest so we know who wants what whereprices wow crazy amount of money you need for ships and stuff but oh welllast nut not least more to do but i guess that will change in the near futureso all in all great work LGM (lets get messy little green men) haha
,Recommended,236150,11916382,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Paulcrow,"If EVE was like this I would never stop playing it...it takes all the complexity of Eve and makes it much more intuitive and fun. I would strongly encourage the Devs to consider a multiplayer version....all I can say is I cant WAIT for the campaign, with gameplay this good it is going to rock!!"
76561198029941607,Recommended,236150,10023814,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,MojoCommando,"Let me start by saying that if you have any interest at all in the Space/RPG genre you simply have to grab this game. Anyone who liked Freelancer, Freespace 1/2, Elite, I-War or any of the X games (apart from reunion) will be right at home here.Now for full disclosure I grabbed SG2 a couple of months ago while it was still in Alpha stage and initially I wasn't too impressed. While issues are to be expected when you are playing an Alpha version, on my low-mid system, frame rate and stability issues kept me from playing for more than a couple of hours and I left the game alone for a while until some of these things were worked out.Boy! What a difference a couple of months makes. I figured since it finally got it's nice new ""Beta"" tag that I'd fire it up again and I'm really glad that I did, over 12 hours in the last 3 days can attest to how much fun I've been having with it.The basic premise of the game is your a star ship captain dropped into a dynamic living game world and your free to do pretty much whatever you want in a sandbox environment. (As of this writing the more linear campaign option has not been added yet, but is coming down the pipe shortly) :Feel like transporting VIPs or cargo from one sector to another, while enjoying the scenery? Check.Want to make your fortune by mining asteroids and junk yards? Check.Indescriminately want to blow up (Or at least try) any ship that comes near you? Check.Pros:Mind blowing number of ships to choose from (If you have the cash of course!)Plenty of factions to work with or against.3 unique classes with choices on which enhancements and perks to put into different skills when you level up.Galactic news and events that actually happen in the gameworld rather than being just Lore or Fluff.Excellent ship to ship tactical combat.Player driven goals, shall I save my money for a new ship or shall i upgrade my weapons and components?Cons:UI needs to provide more feedback. (Not being able to see the target summary unless your looking right at it, is a bit of a pain)Easy for a new player to be a little lost when first starting out, text tutorials are not ideal, but they do the job.Still a few performance and stability issues at times, which is to be expected with the game still being in BETA stage.Still some balancing issues with certain weapon types that need to be fleshed out, Beams being the prime example.Suggestions:Trading - Someway of knowing where to buy low and sell high would be nice, right now it's a bit of a crapshoot.Mission markers - How about different markers for each mission type? Would also be nice in the case of a point A to point B mission if the point B marker was a different color on the map screen.Event markers - After reading galactic news it would be nice to be able to at least select a few of them and have location specific news appear on the galactic map. (Bob spotted in the smith sector, should be able to mark the smith sector on the map so you don't have to go hunting around)Overall SG2 is shaping up very nicely and I highly recommend it, with a great DEV team who constantly provide feedback to player comments, it's only going to get better and better."
76561198106112765,Recommended,236150,9967669,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Nick C70 ®,"This is product has ALOT of potential and at beta stage Ive already got my moneys worth, plus the devs are in very close touch with the community at the moment. Lets see what they can do with this gem."
,Recommended,236150,9970190,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Tonweight,"So far, I'm impressed enough with the game to keep my eye on it.  It has some nice ""widgets"" implemented (I especially dig the animation of the tactical display starting up), and it is definitely pretty.  I am particularly enjoying having traded my beam weapons for longer-ranged railguns, especially since the beam weapons didn't have the ""oomph"" factor for me.  Now I just need to find some enemies that give me a challenge (but don't just blast me out of the stars with their first volley).One thing I'd love to see is the ability to add/remove various mount types.  For instance:  I would rather have two railgun mounts up front and ditch my heavy weapon (since I tend to go ""no ammo"" on anything where I can build my own loadout).  Having a little more control over ""ship engineering"" would be grand.  For all I know, this is planned; it just doesn't exist at the moment (as of 2014.04.29).The only real downside I've experienced so far is a few seemingly-random CTDs.   While not entirely a ""downside,"" there can be a ""boredom factor"" (which is not unique to SG2 at all - I have the same issue with the X-universe games):  not enough mission variety, so it feels like a click-fest instead of a space game at times.  It IS early-access, though, so this could be an instance of ""it's not in yet.""  Regardless, a little more attempted piracy or some events that feel like they have meaning (anomalies that actually affect you rather than just ""drain shields/sap engines/etc,"" or other such challenges might help).All told, I'm glad I got in on early access for SG2, and I'm excited to see where they take it!"
76561198080821744,Recommended,236150,9111628,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Synth,"Hell yes. Gets better with every patch, bout time we had sexy space sim sandbox with mouse flight based combat!"
,Recommended,236150,9380459,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Mythman51,has work to be done but very graphic and detailed in space AI Voice
,Recommended,236150,9610207,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Roxbury,"I purchaced this game just a few days after it was released as an alpha. While i tried many times to play it, i never really got into it. I found the tutorial annoying. I'm not a fan of pop ups after all. So i shelved it for some time. After it went beta, i gave it a go again, and i must say, im very impressed with it. The graphics are decent, it has endless gameplay, with trading, missions and hunting the space rift raft. One complaint i do have is it seems when you enter a planet or station, time outside is mearly paused until you exit again. I really wish there was still time elapsing while you are docked. Perhaps im missing something, but that is how i understand it. Overall tho, if you are a fan of space games, this is a decent one to give a go. I am pleased with the direction the game is going."
,Recommended,236150,9611822,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Loaded Squirrel,"For a beta this is a stable experience. So far I have 6 hours in and no crashes. Fullscreen and in a window on an Win 7 x64 install; AMD FX4130 Quad core 3.8hgz 8gb, Radeon HD 7700 4gb.  Holding my interest even without a storyline but I wonder if Ill be done with it as soon as the map is explored to return for a well fleshed out full version. There is certainly an enthusiastic and active community with recent relevant posts.Whilst looking for a space or 4x or Freelancer fix this won out over Space Engineers and Mission to Mars by a gnats♥♥♥♥♥ They are still in the oven. This seems playable and solid with a developer that is working on a 4x game as well. That just put me over the top.Gameplay doesnt feel like a time sink so far. The hud layout covers the basics for letting you know whats going on. Navigation and camera took some getting used to. The combination of mouse follow (toggle space bar) and camera view (toggle TAB) threw me at first. The depth of menus (ship, officers, fleet) makes traveling to a remote station worthwhile if not for a trade then perhaps some rare talent or other. Im just scratching the surface and have to note the AI ship voice doesn't annoy the crap outta me and is useful as I tool around with this for the first time."
,Recommended,236150,9918330,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Faawks,"This game is coming along great!! Really can'rt wait to see how it goes!The only issue I have with it is the controls, too many different modes to switch through while trying to do something, becomes confusing.The way freelancer had it setup was perfect, don't try to re-invent the wheel. :)"
76561197980387465,Recommended,236150,9947989,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,gcswt,Pretty fun and very polished for a BETA game.  Great game if you need a space fix or are looking for a Freelancer-type game.  I can't wait to see how it evolves. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,236150,9961631,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,James74,"Quite simply, there have been very few worthy space RPGs and combat games in recent history. I'm finicky about buying games, and no space offerings in the last few years have captured my interest enough to buy them. Now it's 2014, and two games in development have had me seriously interested: Elite: Dangerous and this one, Starpoint Gemini 2. I have to say, although this game is in Beta stage, it's quite beautiful and very functional already. It seems very stable at this point. The freelance missions are plenty to keep me engaged as the game begins to blossom for official release. Space feels huge in this game, and I really get a sense of a living, breathing Gemini system. Also, the MUSIC. It's wonderful, and I really love that there is no cliche ""combat music"" when I inevitiably run into skirmishes enroute on my mission. Developers- please don't change this. The music really captures the vastness of the universe, making it almost surreal. The game also lets you soak in beautiful surroundings and lets you play at your own pace. Sure, there are a few hiccups being that it's in Beta stage, like the occasional short freeze while loading new territory and a few framerate slowdowns when near a lot of stuff like asteroid belts. But those are so few and far between, they don't really take anything from playing the Beta, I highly recommend this game for anyone who is interested in space and space games. I'm looking forward to the upcoming updates and release of this game!!"
76561198067851126,Recommended,236150,6511928,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Dread Baron Beardly,Really really really surprisingly good space sim. Amazing developer interaction as well. This is a gem that most will probably overlook unfortunately.
,Recommended,236150,8417609,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MiniChiken,"I've only got about an hour into this game, but so far it seems really well done for an alpha. There are still some bugs with this game still, like trying to send marines over to a ship that's blowing up xD, but what alpha doesn't? If you're looking for a fun space rpg which doesn't take too long to pick up, try out Starpoint Gemini!"
76561198012531965,Recommended,236150,9923547,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,GHOST,"if you want an open world space exploration with rpg elements then look no further! this is the game for you! awesome game so far! and the devs are very helpful at the forums! awesome job and keep up the good work! one thing i want them to fix is the widescreen gui/hud issues when playing wide screen resolutions like 5760x1080 for example. anyway, this still in beta state so expect more polishing fix coming! ps devs. please add more awesome music while your at it! :)"
,Recommended,236150,9934358,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Leyline,"It took me some time to decide to buy this, after watching recent youtube videos.I have not been dissapointed. The Game mechanics are rock solid. I have not come across gamestopper bugs and the Graphics are running smoth and look very good.Currently there only is freeroam, think privateer/elite, but its already very entertaining to just fly around, get missions, shoot people and do trading.I like it very much already.Also you can customize your ships paintjob.This game gets a thumbs up from me.EDIT 21.07.2014:New stuff was added, raising visual appeal by alot. Also, the modding scene has already started to bring over ships from other franchises, and the game seems to be quite mod friendly.This game will be host to just about any sci fi ship that someone, somewhere, likes.Double thumbs up."
,Recommended,236150,9959324,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Tokyo Sandbraster,"OK, so the game is great. Looks great, sounds great, fun to play, everything about it is awesome.EXCEPT that it's Beta, like really Beta. While it's a fun as hell game to play it crashes pretty consistently every 30 minutes or so. It has done this to me so many times that while I have 11 hours on record with steam I have only actually progressed through the game for 6.5, so just over half. The main reason for this huge loss of time has to do with the save system. It's pretty stupid: you can only save while docked, and (right now at least) you loose those missions (not failed, you loose access to those missions as if they never existed) so every time the game crahes before I can save I loose whatever time I invested into the game.So consider this game in an update or two. Or play at your own risk. Granted right now there is no story so you're really loosing free play, which is no real big deal."
,Recommended,236150,9960825,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,toranass,Awesome Intergalactic game i have played in years
76561198046517494,Recommended,236150,9870292,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,PalAl,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  Ok this game is going to be very good when it's done but at the moment it is completely unplayable.  I have a very good P.C with 12gb of RAM that runs everything else I have at maximum settings with no problem.  When I first downloaded and started the game it was working reasonably well with only the slightest lag when I approached different bases and planets.  As soon as I started getting into battles with other ships the frame rate dropped down to what I swear must have been 2fps!  Frequently it would just freeze for 5 or 10 seconds straight before moving again!I of course decided to reduce all of my graphic settings down to minimum in the hopes of speeding up the frames.  It made no difference at all!  Maybe not everyone is having this same problem but trust me my P.C should be more than adequate to run this!Besides this though the game is visually very cool and the combat is enjoyable.  They're doing a lot of things right I just wish I was able to actually play it properly right now.(update): After starting the game again today it has been working much better for the time being.  Something strange did happen however.  I suddenly had an extra 5 million credits when I had only had about $9000 when I had quit previously.  Furthermore I didn't even make 5 million credits in my first 2 hours of gameplay.  It was certainly a welcome glitch but I don't think that was intentional.I have changed my review to a thumbs up as the only problem I previously had with the game at all was the performance issue and hopefully that only occured because it was my first time playing the game after installation.
76561198020485757,Recommended,236150,9936298,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,MARINEAD,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is what all space adventure games should strive to be. Highly replayable adaptive and immersive ,SG2 allows the player to take on the universe as the captain of one of a large number of customizeable ships. Enjoy sailing through the stars as a trader, Battle as a bountyhunting captain collecting your bounties or many other play styles. This game allows you to delve deeply into the story and feel like you are your character. I reccomend this game the devs are active and little time goes by without some fix being implimented. I have played many finished games that are less complete than this Alpha. Give it a try ."
,Recommended,236150,10241951,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Telarius,"I originally purchased this game during Early Access and have not been disappointed with the released product.  This title is a fine choice for those who enjoy an RPG in which one can be a starship captain.  With a wide variety of ships and missions, as well as Steam Workshop integration, there is a great deal of replayability.Having stated that, I recommend purchasing this game on sale, as the retail price is a bit steep.  I have noticed some minor graphical bugs, but nothing I would consider a ""show stopper"".  If you enjoy space captain RPG's with replayability, I recommend considering this particular title."
,Recommended,236150,12124659,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Tenoz,"I don't normally play space related games, nor did I play the first SP Gemini but I decided to give this one a chance based on what I saw and was pleasantly surprised.  Compared to other early access games I wasn't as disappointed as normal, in fact at this point this game could pass as an alpha.As far as the gameplay this is more of a you against the galaxy type of deal, you fly a spaceship, you may have multiple garaged spaceships that you own but (somewhat like ace combat in a way) but it is 100% open*galaxy*.  Normal gameplay consists of going on randomized missions such as assassinate, ferry cargo/passengers, capture ships, smuggle counterfiet goods etc, you level up/rank up and have a skill tree/rank tree.You may earn money through missions, trading, mining (asteroids and other such objects), plundering derelict ships, and the best is to find rare high level bounty ships which earn you considerable profits.  You spend your money on new ships, ship systems (weapons) and system upgrades.Sorry for the long review but I tried to explain what I would have wanted to see before I bought it (well worth the money by the way!)"
76561198001524185,Recommended,236150,9418151,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Macho Man,"Awesome game so far. Just wish that When ya first start that the tutuorial was a minor mission or some rather. But the game so far is outstanding and I will deffiently reccomend it to me friends and family. Only 1 thing that really bothred me and maybe there is another way to do it, but when ever i kill an enmy ship near an anchoring area I can't loot that depree instead if forces me to dock with that port please tell me if there is a way to do that and keep up the amazing work!!"
76561198009290693,Recommended,236150,9581035,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,I_ R0N1N_I,"Covers areas that the big boys in space simulations seem to be leaving behind. Quite a nice game and very playable. At the moment includes only one scenario - free roam- but that has a ton of stuff to do in its own right. freelance missions as areas of the gemini sector are opened(though these could pay better), mining, bounty hunting, trading and combat. healthy traffic all round means you dont quite feel alone as in most space sims of this scope.Brilliant ship design, all round good graphics and effects and nice sound which does a greta job of immersing the player. To cut as long story short, i havent been able to put it down since i started playing :)"
76561198029061878,Recommended,236150,9969015,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mokaiiii Fuglen,"This is a very good game. I have played it for a few hours and really enjoy it. I would like a change in the trading system, making it possible to make profit and earning money in other ways than selling ships. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,236150,9973499,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Crimson Luna,"A really good game. So much you can do. Though it might be tough in the beginning you will end up loving the game. Reminds me of the cellphone game called Galaxy on Fire which i loved. This game is my favorite space game. Something i would like to see in this game is multiplayer. Simple multiplayer, like between 2 and 8 friends sitting there flying around in space."
76561198110931988,Recommended,236150,9260671,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Selsun [Danger Dolphin],"I absolutley love this game and I have been playing it in offline mode due to internet issues but while in offline mode I have played it for over 100 hours in this last week/weekend. My only real issues with this game are just DEV bugs, things like when I enter another sector sometimes it freezes to load then its ok but sometimes it freezes completly or crashes to the desktop."
,Recommended,236150,9755412,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Broadsword,"What a stunning little Space Sim this is. Even at this very early stage you can see the great potential there is. There is a level balance between RPG and shoot-em-up to keep most people happy. Again even at the early Beta stage there are enough elements to keep anyone occupied for a good few hours and the re-playability is already there.This will fill the gap and run along side Star Citizen (when it is released). It would be even better with MP as well as the normal SP mode, but hey it may be modded in or even added at some stage.Great little buy."
76561198115205146,Recommended,236150,9962398,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,[TheJungle]SolidSnek,"really great game. obviously, since it is in alpha it does have some mechanics that could use fixing. allround though, it is a really great concept for a really great franchise with great potential!"
,Recommended,236150,9623620,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,HAL9000,"Awesomw game guys, I can see playing this some more. A few nice things would be larger font option for big screens and matbe some controller support."
,Recommended,236150,9945879,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Laice1,"Not normally I do any sort of reviews, played this one well into the night, grant you its beta, but you should get it whilst its on offer very enjoyable, with freedom to explore and decide which missions to accept.  Just needs a few brush up on the economic system.  Hard to tell whether you are getting a loss or a profit on each trade, a plus or minus on the items in cargo should do it.  Yet to commandeer a ship or salvage any derelicts though but gobbling up the hours here."
76561198007362301,Recommended,236150,9951047,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,†Ṿ† | Boudewijn de Kale,"First of all i have to say.... i love it .... it is an very nice space simulation...it has a great potential... still needs some more features, but the basic game is very nice...Update:Iam now playing this game for a while now....still love it^^....some small problems with the dlc here, but i think thats normal, of cause if you using mods.......I think Starpoint Gemini 2, stays here as an own concept of gameplay...dont try to compare it to other games like .... the X series....some elements are inside....but its very diffrent...You are exploring an dual star system here, with lots of planets, fractions, stations....A very nice thing is the functionality of the ship....you can upgrade your ships very nice, different weapon systems and mods for the systems.....your ship can be invisible, but not all ships.....Different fractions different ships....So if you like space simulations....try it ....for me its worth it. ..."
76561198021925517,Recommended,236150,9966304,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dragonwfire,"I like it, a good open ended space sim"
76561198053641758,Recommended,236150,9784445,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Fiddler,Mined some asteroids near a spacestation..destroyed some ships for freelance work..salvaged some abandoned ships......REALLY FREAKING AWESOME!!!
76561198011735505,Recommended,236150,9972146,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Maltheist,"This is an excellent space combat simulator, even at the Beta stage. I am greatly looking forward to the finished product."
,Recommended,236150,9973742,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,\m/akko,"Vast, beautiful and terrifying areas.Great game design and perk system.Ongoing mod-scene and crafting-sytem.Can't wait for alpha."
,Recommended,236150,10088179,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Nitrox945,Amazing game
76561198129415347,Recommended,236150,9995801,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,adamism,"I'm new to Steam and one of the first games I searched for was Freelancer, no luck there unfortunatly. So I was keeping an eye out for a similar, if not even better after ten years, replacment for my space combat kicks. The vids on the Store page for Starpoint Gemini 2 look amazing, it seemed to tick all the boxes.Regardless of your Class you start with an awesome ship, it reminded me of B5s WhiteStar. It's a beast, easily crushing the initial waves of pirate scum who think they're hard enough. As you progress slightly you come up against larger foes and more drawn out battles that require a little more thought. You can upgrade your weapons or change them out, improve your crew to improve your boarding party and the idea of having a Merc fleet to command sounds great. There is a very solid foundation for an epic game here.Combat is on the whole more tactical than Freelancers wild dog-fights, although in fairness I'm not expecting a Cruiser or Frigate Class ship to turn on a dime like a Fighter. A bit more pace wouldn't hurt though. There is currently no story mode and I didn't think I would miss it so much untill it wasn't there. The good news is that it's yet to come, so that's really something to look forward to. For the the time being however, I'm done flying about on other faceless peoples errands as it really has no impact on the greater Galactic Goings-On. The Devs have done a superb job so far but they've a real task ahead to fill out Gemini and the players role in the galaxy."
,Recommended,236150,10203870,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Castle,Yes.
76561198070777918,Recommended,236150,11778324,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,jimbob991,Great game and I love the game play. It has great potential as well if a good story with interaction with it is introduced giving it more depth.look forward to seeing the complete gameThanks
76561198031425760,Recommended,236150,11920292,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Borgnine,"So I used to play EVE online a lot, and when I say alot I mean a social life endagering amount. Dont get me wrong, its an awesome game, but I always felt underpressure from my corperation and the fact it was a pay monthy subscription to play as much as I possibly/physically could. Due to this I eventually stopped playing and have ever since been on the lookout for something that comes even remotley close to EVE visually, mechanically and diversly. Starpoint Gemini 2 is the best I have found yet, and (as at the time of writing this) is still only in BETA!! Really looking forward to where they are going to take this, and no pay monthly fee so I can pick up and put down as I wish without feeling like I'm losing money. Ok so its not as complex as EVE but EVE was (imho) massivley complex and this game does just enough without frying your brain. Diversity is there, the amount of stuff you can do already without the campain is huge, visuals are breathtaking and the playable area is massive, not EVE massive but I ve been playing now for about 20 hours with 1 character and I've only explored about 1/8 of the map. Very well done on this guys and a big thumbs up on how much feedback you take from the forums. Its so nice to see deleopvers actually listening to us gamers and implementing changes directly off the back of feedback/critisims/ideas that come straight from the community. If you used to (or still do) play EVE, love space sims (or not) or are just looking for something to fill the gap between now and Star Citizen, look no further.All in all I give Starpoint Gemini 2 9/10 and watch this space, its only gonna get better"
76561198089148444,Recommended,236150,11975083,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rangor177,"Rather entertaining and fun game to play, I enjoy Sid Meier's Pirates a lot due to it's freedom of choice in how you go about the game, well Starpoint Gemini 2 delivers everything I loved about Sid Meier's Pirates plus some added bonuses. I enjoy bouncing around from system to system to checkout what new weapon/enhancement I can't afford yet but know that with doing enough bounty missions and trading I can come back to purchase the mod in almost no time. Very very fun game."
,Recommended,236150,9120435,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,dex7491,"I'm highly intrigued by the possibilities for this game going forward.  Definitely a fun little space shooter game, and I'll be interested to see what else they add going forward.  I think 22 dollars is a bit much for an alpha only build, but the game seems functional and fun enough that it's only a minor complaint."
76561198021087758,Recommended,236150,9986512,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Galleos,"I am slowly receiving ""bug gliches"" things here and there are begining to ""flicker"" the and some of the graphics are also beginging to get ""distorded"" and the game is freazing.  Other than that the game is coming out very cool, keep up the good work."
76561197988125375,Recommended,236150,10106934,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,davet517,Fantastic Game Polished. Even though its still unfinished its superior to so may Complete games. BUY BUY BUY IT
76561198084786415,Recommended,236150,8989657,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Haven420,"Great game, map needs to be at least fourty times the size it is now. Thats my only complaint. gotta give the feal of space....deep....deep......deep....deeep...space."
76561197972146100,Recommended,236150,11241814,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"I'm loving Starpoint Gemini 2: probably the best space game in year. It's transitioned out of beta nicely, with minimal bugs, and improved optimization. The game has two modes, story and sandbox, and both are quite enjoyable. The control scheme feels a little like Nexus the Jupiter (but not exactly), in the sense that you're the commander of a large ship with various systems (and not just a fighter). Much better than the X series imo.The game excells at allowing you to create the kind of space captain you want to be, and the kind of ship you want to fly. There are three classes, commander, gunner, and engineer, and each excells at different specializations. Commanders are great pilots, and augment their fleets; while, gunners excell at blowing things up; the engineer can create space anomalies like vortexes that suck enemy ships in, deal radiation damage to crews, or they can hack and shut down ship systems.The ships are fantastic. Nearly a hundred different ships of varying classes that you can customize and taylor to your play style. You can control frigates and battleships - and command squadrons of fighters (but there are no fighters you can fly). Place different systems, weapons, and then tweak those systems and weapons with different modules. So, for example, you can tweak your teleporter to improve its capacity, or give it a defensive characteristic, and use it to block enemy teleports. (your ships have troops which can defend against and invade and take over other ships which you can later keep or sell.) Do you install a module with better accuracy, damage, or, for a little more money, both?Finally, there are a variety of things to do. You can be a trader, a smuggler, a pirate (raid and steal ships), or a fleet commander of some sorts. There are anomalies in space that you can simply go out, explore, scan, and document, and gain experience from this. You can ferry VIP or desparately needed supplies between stations. As much variety to the missions as in any space game.My only real complaints, and by no means are these game breaking, is the lack of documentation (there's very little information available on what different game mechanics do, exactly. Which is frustrating, since they obviously took the time to put different mechanics into the game. For example, some guns do ""emp"" damages, or ""radiation"" damage, and no where does it say exactly what it means by this, one is just left to assume that radiation hurts crews and emp drains batteries or shields.My second complaint is that there's just too much clutter. Don't get me wrong, the game is beautiful, but everywhere you look there's some beautiful nebulae, star, or simply space debry all around you. Your eyes get overwhelmed by the clutter, never are you allowed to enjoy the simplicity of being amongst the stars. You never get the sense that you're exploring unchartered territory, as there are ships and stations everywhere you go.All in all, excellent game. 8/10."
76561198129507496,Recommended,236150,9984569,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,realtimebadass,10/10 just what ive been looking for keep up the good work
,Recommended,236150,9145811,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,johnaclese,Great Game
76561197982191990,Recommended,236150,9556838,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Rothschild,Really neat space game.I never write comments.but for this i did.
76561197993023428,Recommended,236150,9774160,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,jhack,This seems to be quite a decent space game. Reminds me of Wing Commander Privateer.  So far so good. Plenty of other games try to emulate this kind of gameplay with considerably less success.
,Recommended,236150,9844004,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,nazzeroo,Took me a while to get into it but a very addictive game. 3 hrs of gameplay and I've hardly started. Looking forward to many hours of gameplay.
76561198003526344,Recommended,236150,10030489,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Faith,"As an ALPHA BUILD, it is a pretty good game. I recommend it based on what I have seen and the possibilities that can follow. Energy allocation is a pretty nice touch. Weapon dynamics based on direction as well. However, I believe they are still unbalanced. Right now, there's not much to do. Not a lot of quest variety and some of them are very confusing (DAMN YOU TAXI MISSIONS). However, it is a lot of fun dominating multiple ships by yourself. If you like mindless sandbox gameplay, I recommend getting this game now. If you want a storyline, you may buy it later when scenarios are added. Eitherway, this is a pretty good casual game with nice pickups when multiple fleets are against you."
,Recommended,236150,9935299,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Space Pirate Toast,Very Nice so far..
76561198023555012,Recommended,236150,9944533,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,shadowraiser,"i've bought it in beta, so i was very suprised by it's possibilities...I was so f...ing dissapointed by x-rebirth because of its bugs wich are still not resolved, so i searched for an altenative to the x -games.I found this one and i have to say: Althought in beta version (without sp campaign) it is 100 times better than x-rebirth. There are 100% lesser bugs than x-rebirth and 100% more fun exploring the galaxy and doing freelance missions. Even the Ai is not that tough and  graphics are kind of oldschool (remember: it is still in early access) it is  GREAT!!! Can't wait until it is finished!!! Can't wait until the singleplayer campaign is ready!!! Can' wait until this game will be the best space shooter/rpg on the market!!!Please excuse my dialect, I'm german and haven't used the english language active (writing) for years :-)"
76561198059482638,Recommended,236150,9992508,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,zallibik,"EXELLENT GAME - if you played freelancer or elite: frontier / first encounters, or even privateer the darkening ... this game is for you, its only in early beta stages but this has the potential to be the BEST space sim ever created... the feel of the ships the look of the universe, everything is going for this game.It needs some things adding here and there, and a few tweeks etc... the Campaign mode is incoming shortly..But on the whole this game is incredible.Also the developers listen to the community so if you feel the game is lacking, mention it to them and they WILL address you with a response :)"
,Recommended,236150,9998626,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,afesser,"Right now the only thing implemented is a free roam sandbox. Plenty of missions to run, things to see, and fun to be had. Flying and controling your ship takes 10-15 min to get fully used to - but once you do the game really opens up and grabs you. If your wondering if you should buy the game I would tell you to go for it - if you like space games. I have not run into any bugs yet and am really happy with how the game plays right now. Early Access can be a bit of a minefield sometimes, thankfully SG2 is pretty damn solid as it currently stands. I am happy with my purchase."
76561198008911911,Recommended,236150,9539552,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,DMS,"I find this game very impressive, even in the pre-beta phase you could get addicted to SG2. It gives you the opportunity to explore the SG2 universe which is quite vast.  What I expect in the next phase are a good storyline, side quests which do not repeat themselves and better ship designs. If the developers could achieve overcoming these drawbacks, this game may even compete with Eve online."
76561198090413685,Recommended,236150,9541661,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,TheDirtyRubber,"never played the first one so i didnt knwo what to expect.. in the begining its a little disoreinting and tuff but once u get the ship flight and combat down just a little bit everything else is cake... easy learn micro managing ( trading, Ship, crew etc..) graphics are nice , expected bugs from a early game i guess  as a whole lots of ingame stuff to do to keep u occupied ... turnin out to be a great all round space cobat/sim  .. i give it a thumbs up."
76561198006916305,Recommended,236150,9566456,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Erico360,Great distraction until the release of star citizen
,Recommended,236150,9940794,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,ParGellen,Fun game! Takes me back to the days of Freelancer! I recommend!
76561198033156137,Recommended,236150,9958331,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sandman,"I loved Wing Commander: Privateer.  This game is reminiscent of that old classic.  The main difference is you are playing with larger ships and can command anything up to a dreadnaught or carrier.  Even though it is currently a beta in early access, the game is already quite polished and will only get better as the updates arrive."
,Recommended,236150,9958616,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Ntsej Fam Yaj,"Great game!  In the tradition of Wing Commander, Starlancer, and Freelancer.  Bought the game since I was stuck at home, sick anyway, and was waiting for Star Citizen to come out.  I'm not going to review this in depth, because most of the existing reviews already cover it.  I'm just agreeing with them.Of course, for the purpose of testing, I cheated and gave myself $999 million credits, but hey... had to test the ships.  It's a great game so far for the price (bought it on sale).  Can't wait to see what the full story game plays out as.  Minor bugs here and there.  Not a real deal breaker.  Would definitely recommend for any space flight sim and RPG fan."
76561198036675382,Recommended,236150,11140770,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Game ON,Its been some time now.  I have to say I can play the game and enjoy myself while doing so.  Many old bugs fixed..  Lots of work done.  Still more to go.  I'm guessing this is a huge project for them and I do like the artwork.  Sorry it took this long to enjoy it however.  Peace.
,Recommended,236150,11924534,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jokaren,I like it a lot. Well worth it to me. have enjoyed playing. Still learning.
76561197983271801,Recommended,236150,8404874,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Canadian,so far so good..though cant find story quest only freelance....also it seems that there is an audio glitch(engine noise not cutting off) when docking with planets/stations
76561197999616710,Recommended,236150,9133011,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,zanthal,"This worthy space sim is nearing completion, great fun for any fan of the genre."
76561198067328400,Recommended,236150,10021712,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,taiter,"This is one of those games that just looks so damn good, you can't help but just stop and look around at where you are sometimes. Add in it's intuitive UI and control setup, epic combat mechanics, and ease of navigation and you have the makings of what could be one of the best games in the genre.Even in it's beta form, there is enough sandbox, 4x, space sim fun to make it worth the price of admission. With the new modes and 'scenarios' promised for the full version (hopefully one of which is a story campaign that's epic enough to keep up with the setting and gameplay), this one could turn in to a true gem (No pun. Shut up. Don't judge me).That said there are a few balancing issues with the missions at the moment. Right now, the randomly generated missions seem to cap their pay at around 5000-10000 credits a piece, and none of them give you more than 100 XP, no matter how far you level up. The only way get enough XP to meet the prequisite for buying a better ship is to kill bad guys. LOTS of them.This makes buying a frieghter and becoming a miner or a trader pointless. Not that you would ever be able to afford that new ship since the pricetag for anything better than the frigate you start with starts at around 3,000,000. Factor in expenses and costly ship upgrades you have to keep up with and after 10 hours of play, I only had about a third of that. 30+ hours of play before you can even buy your first ship seems like a bit much to me. The missions are way too repetitive to justify that much grind.Same story with trading and mining. Mining never makes you more than a couple thousand creds a trip, and the amount of XP you get is effectively useless. It's even worse with trading. I haven't noticed any difference in prices of goods from one place to another, which means you can't make money (or XP for that matter) buying low at one place and selling high at another like you can in games like X3.Add a story mode, balance the missions so the pay and XP increase steadily as your level goes up, make them a bit less repetitive, and make the trading/mining mechanics of the game more lucrative, and this game would be just a tick below perfect."
76561198061863028,Recommended,236150,9921544,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Xelathia,"This is definitely my most favorite Scifi game I've ever played!  It incorporates elements from many other scifi games, and makes them SO MUCH BETTER!  If this is what it is like now, i can't even imagine the epicness and awesomess that will be seen in later versions!  Truly a competitor of the title: Best Scifi Game of the Year! LOVE IT!"
76561198007486523,Recommended,236150,9976777,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,nicnocash,"Awesome game!  It is Beta so a little buggy and a bit crashy but when it is working right, it is AWESOME!"
,Recommended,236150,10664403,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Avult,"So far this is turning out to be a decent game. I like the Freelancer style of it. The open world to go where I want. Doesn't seem to be a whole lot going on yet, but im low level and it's still early in the game. I give it 4 out of 5 stars so far."
,Recommended,236150,11752419,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Squishy,"Well, it is a beta, but it does not really feel like a beta. Aside from a couple of mistakes/wrong textures applied, I have so far not had a problem.At first, the mix between joystick and mouse + keyboard was a bit hard to get hold of, but you can get the turrets to automatic, which works perfectly fine.Im not sure how the threat is assigned however, as I had no issues bringing down deadly ships, without my shields going down.So far the game is very repetitive, which is the only bad thing about it, however, being in beta still, I'm hoping more missions will be added over time, less repetitive.I like how the bounty system works, and it is very rewarding to get a bounty.I'd recommend the game, as it seems quite polished, and seems to work just fine :)"
76561198008056428,Recommended,236150,12294436,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Zer0FuxGiv3n,"Astonishingly GOOD! If you're on the fence about buying this game, GET OFF and buy it. Better than Evochron, Freelancer and any other game in the genre. Except maybe Elite dangerous, though I haven't played ED yet....."
76561198012217557,Recommended,236150,15873098,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,boboffreedom,"This game is super fun; I like Star Trek, Firefly, Cowboy Bebop, etc. and when I'm in that mood SG2 in perfect. Every time I resume my game the first thought I have is that this is a great, immersive game. It's really frustrating to see negative reviews because I love this game so much. The developers continue working on it and it keeps getting better which is really saying something since I loved it at early access. recommend for any sci-fi fan that wants a single player open world experience with a ton of ways to play. It's viable to be a miner and buy ships and outfit them just for that. I personally spent several fun hours just doing that, it was great. You can buy and upgrade ships just for smuggle or escort or freelancing. People complain about the expense of ships versus reward of missions; these people simply don't get it. There are lots of ways to build your bank roll and the time and effort it takes make the game more rewarding and immersive. The balance makes it so much better as you progress, you can't just jump from the first ship to the most powerful ship or even the most powerful weapons right away, and that is good. You actually get to enjoy and explore each level of progress , as you get a new ship, or a new upgrade and you slowly work toward that next purchase. All the while playing however you want, avoiding combat in favor of mining and trade which is super fun, figuring out how to avoid destruction or detection while making the kesel run in under 3 parsecs. Or you can be a pirate, good or bad, hijacking ships with a ship optimized just for that sort of activity. So good. So highly recommended."
,Recommended,236150,15232522,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Frozzen,"When i first tryed this game it didn't have a story mode it just had the sandbox mode, now i have been playing the story mode and i like the game, there isn't a lot of games i will play for hours on end without a story mode. The story in the game isn't the best but it gives you the out line and everything and you can do the story mission on your own time and do other things you want to do like trading of killing or capturing ships and than selling the ships or put them in your port, Mining or gas mining or side missions or a lot of little missions from different companys. The controls are supper easy for me at less i use the mouse 90% of the time. i have taking some pictures of the game. When you start off save your money for your first few ships is hard to do but its fun to do. As it sits at 32.4 hours in the game i have almost 50mil saved. The ranking system in the game it like every 5 or so levels you go up your rank goes up, I'm almost level 35 as of the time i posted this."
76561197984301338,Recommended,236150,15903067,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,hornet688,"So pleasant and relaxing to play.  Rewards you for success, yet doesn't overly penalize you for failure.  Simply encourages you to keep trying and figure it all out and makes you feel good when you do.  Isn't that what games are for?"
76561198094756826,Recommended,236150,22238805,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Frostyfied,"I like it. As far as starship opperation goes, it offers a fair amount of variety with some customization and looks good doing it.Controls are a little too simple for some but it doesn't bother me.My only complaint so far is the god awful voice acting."
,Recommended,236150,24164278,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,(ŠĽĶź)ŘθχθŘ▌ĦҞȘ▐₪,Open -World Freelance
76561198049003096,Recommended,236150,17250078,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Blackraptor13,Yesssss good space game !!
76561197971543337,Recommended,236150,22261670,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,scootor,"If you missed the sale recently, wait for it to come around again. Obsessively wait.This game was fun before I got to the modding community, but afterwards this game is awesome. Anyone looking for a good space ""do what you want"" sim will be well rewarded with the purchase.If you're into the Star Trek experience, then look no further. Best game for individual space ship combat in a Star Wars theme since Bridge Commander. Way better than that MMO I tried briefly. Some of the mods that I recommend for Star Trek immersion include: Federation Fleet, TNGAmbience, and TNGComputer."
76561197961056634,Recommended,236150,13961652,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Jubstin,"If you enjoyed Freelancer, you'll love this. Many similar mechanics, with great ship customization. Maneuvering in space to get the best angles during a fight are fantastic, and managing your troops and ship's abilities and shields make every fight unique and fun.The story mode has bad writing and worse voice acting as well as being quite linear, so I'm mostly using it just for the experience to get bigger and better ships.The most frustrating bit of the game are the crashes. I've yet to have a single play session which didn't crash on me aty least 3 times. You'll be in the middle of a huge fight, and the game will suddenly die. The best thing the Devs did was implement auto save whenever you visit a space station or planet. But if you get in a middle of a big fight out in space and suddenly the game locks up, God help you.-- Edit: I wrote this mini-review/opinion piece a while ago, and the game is far, far, far more stable. Over the time since it was written, the Development team have been awesome in their implementation of not only new features, but bug fixes. The aforementioned random crashes are gone. Thoroughly enjoy this game."
76561198154368542,Recommended,236150,14644243,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Hi I'm Wall,"Small follow up to an old review-The game has some odd quirks that were a bit obnoxious to work with, but with a small amount of patience and keep-calm, it was easy to learn and avoid them. Still very new to the game, but what I know so far is that it's absolutely beautiful, and controls and whatnot seem overwhelming at first, but actually come to you very fast."
,Recommended,236150,22278049,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,CR4CE,"If you are into sims (as in simulating [duh] or role playing) this is a great space game. It is - as far as I can tell at this point - single player only and it reminds me of EVE from CCP but more beginner-friendly, although still not easy.If you dislike grinding, abort immediately. You'll grind A LOT. I find it worth, the ambiente is amazing, the somewhat small storyline is interesting (if you read and listen) but the action you take is repetitive. I read a lot about bugs, but have not encountered any yet (~29h).Every item has a nice description that is not generic, for example for the solar panels it says that they ""are an important part in Gemini due to the dual star system"" or similar.Workshop is available, you can get your Star Wars or StarTrek sounds, ships etc.__e.: My savegame was corrupted (after loading into the save a mission I wanted to accept was invisible), I do not know what happened, but the guys at LGM looked at the savegame and repaired it! That is some awesome dedication. Great game by great people!"
76561198042903986,Recommended,236150,22373595,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Alioshia,"This is exactly the type of game ive been looking for.First time i played i went straight for freeplay without any knowledge of how to play, no tutorial or anything.But i must have done something right because in the first 5 minates i somehow turned every allied sector i flew though to hostile and ended up getting stalked across the entire galaxy by Cruisers destroyers with absolutly no knowledge of what i did wrong or how to fix it.Finaly, a challange worthy of my skills... untill about half an hour later of non-stop warp trying to find somewhere safe where i somehow entered a radioactive nebula that melted my ship around me and i was forced to start a new game.10/10"
76561198039658166,Recommended,236150,14610937,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,jacknkh,A good game that worth playing.
76561198027227221,Recommended,236150,14661344,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TK,"This is one of the most addicting games I have played.  Once you get the keystrokes down, you will be playing for hours at a time."
,Recommended,236150,24421796,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,druce,"it's a good game but i wouldnt pay full price for it...i wouldnt even pay half the asking price,,,but,  im pretty cheap (or so im told)..."
,Recommended,236150,33641328,Posted: 18 July,all,Al Bundy,It's a great game! But You'll get bored eventually...Still worth the price.
76561198141646345,Recommended,236150,14718582,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr.Lakkie,"This is a great although somewhat simple game at times, if u like space games and flying in spacecraft, this is really worth a try, and seeing as they are still expanding the game i think it will become more fun. the downside to it is, i have no idea how iam gonna get 24 million together for that awesome carrier ship without getting bored by freelance missions, but then again, i havent trying capturing ships yet or finished all the story missions or side missions, as they give big money rewards. and iam only still flying my second ship, the myrmidon frigate. not to go off the topic, i give this game an 8/10 its really worth its cash and ill be playing it for alot more, probably gonna get the dlc aswell.happy spacefaring y'all!"
76561198025643657,Recommended,236150,14775047,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ekholbrook,"Game is very good for awhile, nice amount of things to do. Great controls, upgrades, options and visuals.But eventually, it's not the repetition of missions that grows old, it's the feeling that nothing around you changes, you can't own anything, build anything, destroy anything, push enemies back. So eventually becomes very stagnant. I totally get the dynamic stuff would be hard to implement, but then perhaps an easier way to liven things up is to throw in some random stuff like starports getting blown up (then coming back online after repairs), or certain races getting push back into the fringes or something. You can basically just settle into trading and fighting between two starports and essentially, aside from the background visuals not being different than another area... that.. is all the game becomes.  It's too bad because it has great potential and I admitedltly spent hours upon hours playing this game (65 I think). But I hit a point where the after reaching the 4 edges of the map, there was simply nothing else to do but even that is not bad, it's the feeling that nothing you do has any effect. Even trading seems to have no effect on prices or anything from what I can tell.I totally recommend it. But with the caveat that you too may hit this point where it just stops being interesting."
76561197998447271,Recommended,236150,24806404,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Coastermonger,"I had fun tooling in this game.  It's got a good sense of progression, and it's not exactly lacking in depth or scope. One complaint is that it's not as polished as it could be.  Released in 2014, you can tell a lot of great art and design work was put into this game but it's already starting to show it's age.I personally compare it to a game like Elite Dangerous, which has a high amount of finish and looks great, but is ultimately a very boring game which lacks depth and has a very frustratingingly long grinding progression.Starpoint Gemini on the other hand, has better pacing.  While it may not be as technically complex or broad in scale, it's a good break as a single player game."
76561197972414379,Recommended,236150,11315689,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Willie,"Any game where i can pick up the ""Draft Funk Trio"" for a long distance taxi ride thru assassins, traps, stealth ships, warp inhibitors, hostile territory, sensor traps and be paid a mere pittance for the trouble..is OK!its totally BETA but nicely unpolished. doesnt tell u a lot if u blink in the tutorials but its forgiving enough to learn on yr own as u glide thru.I recommend for lazy space fans."
76561198067067110,Recommended,236150,9646568,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,bmcguire,Awesome.. so far!
76561197964755519,Recommended,236150,8769294,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Peepop_,"This is the second early release game i've purchased in a matter of weeks, and just like the other one it is broken and hardly playable.  Graphically glitchy, spotty gameplay.  I'd buy it when it is whole, but not now.  This game will sit in my library until it is complete for me to try it again."
76561198028564842,Recommended,236150,8858646,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Spacebog,such a great future for this game
,Recommended,236150,16299550,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,peen,"Great space exploration game, the storyline is enjoyable but not extremely content packed and not very interesting. The best part of the game is really exploring the very large map and choosing your own path, you can be whoever you want to be in a vast variety of ships and missions in different regions on the map.I have also had a lot of fun customizing my ship, whether that be the colors of the ship, or the weaponry on board, to the name of the ship (The SwagginWaggin)... I have also enjoyed aligning myself with the various factions, there seem to be at least 30-40 of them.Pro's --> Great space exploration game, complex enough to make it enjoyable for more experienced gamers but also doesn't have a huge learning curve.Con's --> Storyline is pretty weak and the quests and farming for gold can get a little repetitive if you don't enjoy the exploration aspect too much.7/10"
76561198018845533,Recommended,236150,15529106,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Colonel Shaeffer,"this game is pretty good, but is not that big, and you could be done with the whole thing in 20-30 hours.  I reccomend it if you like space games, but don't want to directly pilot so much as captain larger vessels.  the control scheme is different to say the least and takes some getting used to, but it works.  I reccomend you check it out, although Eve Online is better."
76561197972352789,Recommended,236150,22835414,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Brick Flail,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is an enjoyable Space Sim, and still looks good for its age, but I wouldn't grab it for the $35 price. It's definitely a game to buy on sale though. Some key points:1. This is a combat focused game. Don't bother trying to be a trader; it won't work, and you can't automate the process like in X3.2. Along 1 above, the primary way you can make money in this game is capturing ships. Unless you want to end up outclassed, learn how to use your troopers and grappling beam.3. The progression through the classes of ships is well balanced; each feels like an improvement, without any of them feeling redundant.4. Each class of ship does feel unique, and the methodology of flying and fighting in a corvette is distinctly different than in a dreadnought.5. The different models of ships in each class are also rather distinct from one another, and will play well with different tactics. For instance, one ship may have great overlapping fire arcs between the side and front turrets, but have hardly any coverage on the top bottom and the back, while another will offer ballanced coverage over the whole ship, but can't offer the same forward punch.5. Ye gods, the voice acting is TERRIBLE, and the plot is a throw away at best. This wasn't a big issue for me, as the game is mostly free-roam."
,Recommended,236150,15544185,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Av8r Gamez,"Great game, Nice graphics, even better when I finally realized I can go alot faster lol. Just wish I could build my ow base or starport and start my own fleet. (trade fleet & Military Fleet) but othere then that Great game"
76561198039181052,Not Recommended,236150,33525092,Posted: 13 July,all,Garr,"Game crashed 5 times in 10 minutes.  I have no idea if it's actually good, but so far I'm not having fun."
,Recommended,236150,9005489,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[FIM] Himitsu Chan,For the Fact that this game is in a very early Alpha stage.. WOW i already think its really good and i hope that it gets even better!
76561198040011902,Recommended,236150,13373748,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,brickgaint,8/10
76561198006514123,Recommended,236150,12267637,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Rogal_Dorn,Holy Crap I'm Impressed!  I was nervous about the nearly $30 dollar price tag.  But I have to say that this has a beautiful blent of all the things I loved about the old Wing Commander Privateer games mixed with some of the best fun parts of Eve!  Color me IMPRESSED!
,Recommended,236150,10172600,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,After spending 18 hours on build 0.7 I must say that the game is coming together very nicely. One the game is finished along with already working mod support the game should be a highlight in the space rpg genre!
76561198052971534,Recommended,236150,9261920,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,kevin398_727,"I havent played for a few weeks letting the patches acumulate. Today back on for a while. Veyr nice cganges, had to get used to the controls all over again, my thrustmaster stick works part time, no speed on the throtle though, so went back to keyboard controls.Have a logitech keyboard/mouse combo and it works fine, getting used to the game a little before trying anything new but saw a ship or two I might want to have so boarding will maybe come up tomorrow. Good changes so far, voice on intro was good too."
76561198039387334,Recommended,236150,9974395,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Excitable Boy,"A space shooter that is good fun. You should definately RTFM because it is not a jump in and play sort of game. You can do that,  but you will miss out on many features . I keep wanting to play a little longer instead of doing important things,  like eating & sleeping! I got it on a sale or a bundle, I don't remember which. The price is a little high if it isn't on sale, but I am really cheap when it comes to games, since I do get them where I got this one. I'm glad I own it because it does have decent play value.If you like space shooters, trading, & mining. this is becoming quite polished. I like & recommend it if this type of game is your cup of tea. It doesn't seem to have all of the micromanagement like a lot of games in this genre but they might be there & I haven't investigated the game far enough to find that yet. Not bad at all."
76561198056071050,Recommended,236150,12145398,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,afederowicz,"IN GAME THE MOUSE WILL NOT MOVE ONTO THE LOWER PORTION OF THE SCREEN. Then I restarted the game, and it looks, like the active-x and direct-x files had to syncronise correctly, which they did, after the second startup. Now it works pretty good, but this is a beta game, and that is why some of the graphics enhancements do not detect as usable, like reflections and shadows, could not be used, but my 2 gig NVIDIA 660 definately has those abilities.Ok that said... Listen up. This game has real potential, because its very open to modding, so it could getvery incredible. There are allready a good number of mods on steam for it, and it's just in BETA...Plus you can use HOTAS joystick to control things. I'm guessing that everything may just end up with beautiful cockpits too for every type of ship.  So get in there and mod and use wordpad !"
,Recommended,236150,14631148,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ratloaf,"Very reminicent of Escape Velocity and X3, well executed."
,Recommended,236150,15904301,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,th0ma5,"This is a really good space game.The game offers various control methods to let you fly your ship like a pilot/dogfighter or play more of a commander role using turret view. At first it takes a while to get used to the controls and fight effectively with a style you like but once you play out a few battles out you will find a control style that suits you and probably end up switching between them depending on the situation and the ship you are using.The graphics and interface are really nice and the game runs very well on my medium system which is an AMD APU with integrated graphics.The sound effects are good but some cool warp like sound effect for the t-drive would be nice. The music is very good although perhaps some more variety would be nice especially for the battle music.The story and voice acting is probably the weakest part of the game but the game offers plenty of freedom to explore space and play how you want to. So you can play like a pirate or a trader, mine or do missions etc. There's plenty to do and it's all fun.The game has a nice rpg element which means you can upgrade your skills for when you are in battle and upgrade perks for various different effects like trading bonuses or ship capture bonuses etc. You can customise your ships weapons and buy bigger and better guns and ships as you progress through the ranks and acquire more credits.Overall I would recommend getting this game, especially if you are into space games."
,Recommended,236150,18211339,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ensvey,"I loved this game to death back when it was released, and it has only gotten better from there."
76561197994302040,Recommended,236150,22544819,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,nandogaiofa,"First of all you should be aware that it has issues on Win 10, but nowadays wich game doesn't...After lots of problems trying to run this game I finally could and it is very rewarding! One of the best space games that I've played so far.I have to recommend it also because of the Devs support they are very helpful and will try everything to make your game work properly. I could only run the game because of their patience and support.Very cool game!"
,Recommended,236150,16920616,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,teak421,"Pretty good game that has lots of potiental...but...they are moving to a new game altogether.  Not sure if they will add more depth to this game, but if they do, they have a winner.  Easy to get into...nice graphics, and the opening music is outstanding.Interface is a little odd while docked, but still. Not too bad.I paid full price for it and I regret this...should have been patient and waited for a Steam sale.  If you can get for 50 percent off, recommended...otherwise, I would pass."
,Recommended,236150,16668491,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ToneLoki,"This is a great space combat game, with RPG elements.  Cruising through space, capturing ships, looting and upgrading is a lot of fun.  There are not too many games in this genre. They all seeml to be too old, too complex or they require subscriptions.  Starpoint Gemini 2 is a winner.Short comments on the game:- It is more arcade than simualtion.- The story is not bad, but the presentation is very weak.- At times the voice acting is rediculously bad-  Dont worry about the story becuase the gameplay is engaging and addictive- The graphics are great, minus a few hiccups here and there- Would take about 30-40 hours to play through campaign- Lots to do in this game. DLC is also available and the devs love to support this game- Stop and take a screen capture! F11 will hide all the HUDs so your screen capture comes out like a Carl Sagan wet dream.- The trading and mining is weak, but the value and money making is in capturing enemy ships and selling them and their cargo. Its 5x better than running materials from one side of the map to the other to make money.- There are some great video tutorials on youtube that can jumpstart your ship capturing / pirating skils .  Search: ""Tensiaka"" on youtube for valuable ship cap[turing and combat tutorials,. They helped me a lot. Make a few million in your first couple hrs------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Despite a few flaws, the gameplay, ship options and open world win out.  I  give it   --   8.5/10"
76561197970596169,Recommended,236150,16382048,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sultan_Bender,"I would reccomend this alot. Its not X3 before people start to compare, i would actually compare it to Freelancer for those that have played that gem back in the day. Alot of different ships, combat can be quite hard at times if you havent prepared first.Devs are also more active than most, creating more and more different storylines for free. One of few developers going from early access to release that actually fullfill their promises although StarDrive is a different story for many.I would reccomend it for those of you that need a game to pass time with or just have a blast."
,Recommended,236150,12252858,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Hoshtog Swog,I flew head on into a planet and crashed my computer.10/10 - Would play again.
,Recommended,236150,8787395,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mr. Miyagi,"If you are/were an EV:NOVA fan, then you are going to LOVE this game. Essentially EV:N with 3d movement, one large and seamless universe to explore, and pretty graphics.If you were a fan of the first game, don't expext too much of the same. The game has been totally revamped to a particular state of awesome.Playing it now in Alpha and having a ball; can't wait to see it when it's done"
,Recommended,236150,15864243,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,lopum,"Worth picking up during the sale, controls feel a bit clunky until you realize that you need a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of buttons for different commands you can give."
,Recommended,236150,13229076,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Faceroller,Not bad at all but it gets a bit boring after a while. Looking forward for more content.
76561197967471651,Recommended,236150,19986736,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Russell,"Amazingly fun early game.Decent middle game.Slow endgame.And I mean slow. Literally. The final ships are next to stationary in combat, and the lack of variety of options in combat makes this quite boring.  As you can only aim a fraction of your turrets at once you're left to turn on auto turrets with large ships which automatically takes care of firing all turrets so you have all your guns firing and just kind of sit there and occasionally use an ability if you need to kill a bit faster.I can still happily recommend this game based on the great early and midgame that's highly reminiscent of Freelancer, but the endgame is poorly balanced and not particularly fun."
,Recommended,236150,22246407,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,expert on that topic,Do what you want cuz a pirate is free!!You are a pirate!~Har Har fiddle dee dee being a pirate is alright with me!
76561197995171956,Not Recommended,236150,24043274,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Batory,"Bad game! Horribly frustrating, has some good points, but overall its a very bad game.The main thing, the fighting - it sucks, 99% of the time you have to turn on auto shooting, because you can't find on the screen enemies, they just keep flying outside of your view all the time, and it doesnt matter if it is a destroyer and you are flying with corvette it still jumps around you like if it was a small fly.As for different ship types, they all behave the same way, you don't feel any difference between piloting small ship or huge one, it looks almost the same and moves the same way.As for trade, colors of prices are cool, but otherwise trade is tedious and just a waste of time, especially that you start a game with a tiny ship, you could get better cash form mining, but it still is insignificant.You can get huge rewards for capturng ships and doing it is the most fun feature of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game... the storyline is also interesting, it kept me into the game for some time, until finally i had enought of other flaws and deleted it.You shouldn't go into long travels/explorations, save as often as you can because game like to punish you for no reason... you fly, fly, fly, die... just like that, no attack, no hazard, you just suddenly see your ship explode. Or you fly, fly, fly, game crash.... ;DOr if you want to use speed booster to get quickly to new area... the game crashes almost every time you use this item.During fights, you can read target info only when it is on the screen so it makes it quite problematic since as i said they always stay outside of your FOV.I should also mention that it has horrible localization, had to switch to English as in my native language it was horrible.And one last thing, the RPG elements... its a bad joke, not worth mentioning."
76561198005090170,Recommended,236150,18593525,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,pure_darknessii,"This game a is a tough one to decide. It really isn't a game that I can sit and dump 8 hours into daily like some of the other games I've played, but it is fun to come back to it every once in a while and get my ""freelancer"" fix for the week. I personally found this game to be pretty fun when in sandbox/exploration mode. Story mode on the other hand.. was poorly completed, I believe I spent about 20 minutes in, and dumped it due to the appalling voice acting and poorly scripted story.Now for sandbox I loved flying around blasting and capturing ships to sell at the local stations. I loved upgrading my ship from the inventories of captured  ships. I'm always looking for the shield or weapon improvment. I loved exploring the map and seeing all the cool spacial anomalies. UnfortunateIy, though I did find some general weaknesses in the way content is utilized in the game, there are only a handful of side mission types such as capture ship A, Destroy ship B, or Haul element C these side missions do get old pretty quickly and is a main reason why I cannot dump countless hours into the game in one sitting. Sometimes I also receive missions I have no way in hell of completing, the AI levels way faster than I do... I'll be level 4 with missions that are level 12 around the beginning area. It's ok as you can just drop the mission, but is kinda annoying all the same.Overall, I find the game to be pretty engaging when played casually, but any longer than a couple of hours and I'm ready for something else. I've been looking at Elite: Dangerous but it looks like a tremendous amount of tedious work to play, just from peoples reviews, that and it's much more expensive.To the developer: I really hope you guys haven't given up on this game now that it's considered ""Complete"" there is still a tremendous amount of possibilities with it, and I would love to see more content(More engaging space stations, etc.) Thanks a ton for creating a game that allows me to get my space sim fix when I feel the urge.RatingsGraphics: 8/10Story: 4/10Game Play: 9/10Overall: 7/10"
76561198022609036,Recommended,236150,31913023,Posted: 22 May,all,Einstein,"If the galaxy was much bigger, and the storyline far longer, I would put this up as an Elite Dangerous killer. I have hopes they will use the engines here to make such a game in the future."
,Recommended,236150,18771987,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,beanmix,A lot of people are far more articulate than myself. All I can say is I enjoyed this game thoroughly.
76561198108269527,Recommended,236150,18477827,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"I purchased this game almost immediately during early access because I had been wanting to play a good space sim for quite a long time. It is a vast improvement over the previous title in the series and successfully creates a fun space sim experience with some rpg progression for your character.Initially after release the game was somewhat buggy, but the developers have ironed out the rough edges and even successfully adapted most of the user interface for gamepad control. Thus far I have spent most of my time in the sandbox mode, but I have recently begun the story playthrough. Both modes are fun to play with the story mode featuring a rather standard, but competently-executed space sim plot. Best of all is that steam workshop is available for the game and there have been many great mods that improve aspects of the gameplay as well as those that create custom content.There is a good diversity of ships and weaponry in the game, with ship types ranging from small gunships and shuttle craft up to battleship size vessels available to be purchased. You can also hire officers who confer stat bonuses and other ships piloted by mercenaries to join you. There are numerous ways to make money including a robust trading economy, asteroids to mine, spatial phenomena to explore, odd jobs to be done, transport/taxi missions, and of course bounty hunter missions.Combat is satisfying, though you certainly feel like more of a ship commander than a pilot. This is probably due to the game's third person perspective which suits the game well because most of the ships you will use are more like capital ships than fighters.To sum it up, this is one of the best single player space sim/rpg's to come out in a very long time. In some ways I enjoy this game more than Elite: Dangerous."
,Recommended,236150,27545329,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Francis X. Clampazzo,"Really an excellent game. One of my favorite things in open world games is the ability to play it how you want to. Starpoint Gemini 2 offers quite a large range of options.you get dropped into a galaxy, and what you do from there is up to you."
76561198006250833,Recommended,236150,12289199,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,dev_boy,"I played while the game was in beta and greatly enjoyed it.  Now they have put in a story and refined the game its even better!  Buy it, yoru'll not be disapointed."
76561198011984253,Recommended,236150,15607115,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,BuRn,"Well so far after 14 hour i must say it a great game.what i can tell is that could be a bit more uppdates like : The Turial is all reading but could be easier if they give a short intro in a video and make you try it self (Fighting, bording and much more). It took me several hours before i really understand how to do the basic stuff like bording and easier way to lvl up with good money.This game reminds me of Galaxy on Fire 2 but its much more bigger galaxy and more hours of play time :) only thing i miss its the mining. In this game you only have to shoot the asteroids to collect the Minerals"
76561197983205856,Recommended,236150,15618528,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,downingd,"I loved freelancer and this game has that feel to it. You can even capture ships and sale them which quickly becomes the best way to make money. However a few things that I dislike in base game (though since you can mod it heavily some things can be fixed), the way ship levels are done and strength of weapons allowed on ships bothered me as a lot of money spent for so little gained. I felt like (without mods) that upgrading my ship to a much more expensive version often didn't gain any DPS. I wound up using a lot of modding to make this flow better for me."
76561198183710791,Recommended,236150,15623498,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,cal5537ad,"I liked the game so far, but I play a lot. I am an avid player of sci fi games, medieval, simulation battle and strategy. I play games so much I do not have any other form of life except work and games. I do stay in shape as I work out a lot. I can practically tell you exactly how to make a good game and it will be a #1 top seller, I have even made games myself constucting whole citys and governments with plots and story lines along with political agendas on governments and war. This Starpoint Gemini is very promising and is a good game. Couple of pointers to the developers, you should have ships hunt you down as if looking for you and then take off before being destoyed. Somone you can recognize that you have seen before but make some what elusive so he/she can come back again to hunt you from a jurisdiction you are not welcomed of course, but this should be once in great while not an everytime thing. Another thing is that when you get high level in the game all you see is big hard ships all the time, almost no small ones. In the begining you would see them a lot. I am level 80 and it does not seem to be going any highier(no complaints). But sometimes you exit from a station or a star gate and you are jumped by a horde of big ships just out of the blue(c'mon a little ridiculouse at times)it happens often and half the time you dont stand a chance unless you have big hired mercenarys that are expensive to maintain, which does take a big toll on the money you make. Sometimes you fall behind unless you really try to keep up the hustle and bustle of making money, then its more stress instead of pure enjoyment to try and keep good powerfull mercenarys at youre side. You should fan it out more to where at least 50% of the time there are still smaller groups of ships, or one or two important people(hunters) that show up to hunt you like I said previously, Instaed of being mobbed by a lot of big powerfull ships all the time. There still needs to be smaller ships around of all sizes. All I see now are big ships everywhere and almost no small ones traversing through space or hanging out at space stations. Its almost as if everybodys super rich now and got dreadnaughts and carriers becouse I am level 80 now. You need to tone that down to be more normal. If you did that the game would excell in greatness, otherwise that is a major downfall. But I do see it getting bigger more powerfull ships to attack you as you are highier in level that makes sense, but overall it needs to be re-worked to how i mentioned previously, thank you...... Several hours later on re-editing, I am now back to write what I said. There is more randomness, I guess i was just to fast to express at 80th level. I went back in different parts of the galaxy, it does get heavy at times and then again light on battles just depends. Also what i like is there are also missions you can take that can be much lower than youre level and also much highier. There still needs to  be ones that hunt you down and occasionally escape to come back another time but with a name to them you can recognize. May i also add i have not played the story line yet and am looking forward to it, its just in the free roam you can choose other characters instead of bieng stuck with the same story line one. Overall its all good and was very enjoyable playing. Would be nice to have another dozen songs in the game, the music is similar to eve music which I liked a lot when I played eve back in 2009."
,Recommended,236150,13003408,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mythunga,"Brings out my inner evil manaic armed to the teeth with plasma cannons, fusion torpedos and fighters. Sure it can get a little boring at times for people who like things fastpaced but that's where mods come in. I blew my ship up trying to enter a planet's atmosphere, what's not to like about that?"
,Not Recommended,236150,14871980,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"Poor mans X Universe game.Here is how you defeat every ship that attacks you: Come to a complete stop, (because the space fighting is a joke and he enemy ships will stop with you) then because the targeting system is non existent, turn on auto fire, then spin 360 degrees spamming your heavy weapons.It may be a space game but everything is on a 2D plane. this may not sound bad, but fighting in space NEEDS three dimenshions.Every single ship in the game plays the same. Bigger ones just have more hitpoints, turrets, and hangars. And they still suck.If you want a true space fighter sim, get any ""X"" game. Except ""Rebirth"" ♥♥♥♥ that game."
76561198088683738,Recommended,236150,14442432,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Bubbles O' Rapid,I haven't been able to play because my crummy computer always crashes on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic main menu.10/10 would crash again
,Not Recommended,236150,35040484,Posted: 18 September,all,Sheep Duke,"This game is...well, overall boring.The map is very big and empty. Most of the gaming time was spent on flying in such a big and empty universe.You may say that ""universeisjust like that"", but hey, this is agame...I think dev had a pretty good idea at first, but did not implement it well."
,Not Recommended,236150,12430337,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mvorkosigan,"There's quite a few things to like in this space trading/shooter game. The developers have managed to infuse a fair bit of live into this one, and it does have some pretty neat game mechanics. The best way of defining it is as a crossover of Freelancer and Starfleet Command, even if I find SPG 2 to be neatly an inferior game to both. Compared with Freelancer, this title hasn't delivered for me the same degree of immersion and engagement with the storyline and the universe that I remember of playing Freelancer. Compared to the second, the tactical combat in this game to be flawed in some departments and shallower, even if there are some cool ideas in here.The stuff I likeEven if we're restricted to one single system, there's indeed a lot of places to go and things to see. This is a *big* game.Trading and mining are actually viable professions, not just an side to mercenary or piratical activities.There's lots of ships, and lots of modules to fit your ships with.Combat is engaging, and fun, at least for some time.I do like very much the ""ammo-based"" modules (scavenger drones, mining torpedoes, etc.). These modules can be swapped in flight - which might detract from a plausibility point of view, but I personally don't mind it much - and you can actually feel like having a purpose (they're quite useful actually).The game is highly moddable.The stuff that leaves me indifferent or I am not very impressed byWhile there's a great variety of weapons, I find that rather than having 5 varieties of the same thing with slightly tweaks to range, damage, power drain, etc. it would have made sense to have just one type and increase the ""rigging possibilities"". Per-module rigging is in  the game, but you can just add one type of rig to one specific module.You can recruit crew, but this crew is reduced to specific buffs to your ship (weapon accuracy, speed, etc.). They level out, and do provide with an extra layer of ship customization. But sometimes the bonuses are so specific that one wonders why are you paying religiously salaries on a monthly basis.There's no enemy leveling - that is, if you go to certain places you may find yourself vastly overmatched by NPC ships. Knowing when to engage and when to fly is an important skill to develop. The problem comes when these ""hero"" NPCs basically can appear anywhere and the information that allows you to assess whether or not you're outclassed is only visible if you keep it in your sights. Which can be quite difficult.The combat skills system looks good, but very much as with the crew, lacks some depth (and you also wonder why you should bother with those skills).The stuff I plainly don't likeThe HUD is functional, but I would have really liked that I could have waypoints (that is, locking on locations) and targets (that is, locking on ships and stations) at the same time. Currently, you either have a waypoint or a target. Even worse is that the waypoint/target data is only visible if you have your bow pointed towards the object you locked on. That makes stuff like checking on nearby hostile ships while travelling towards your destination disorienting or just plainly dangerous (since you will close onto these enemies).The world is very much structured like that of Privateer/Freelancer, but crammed into one single star system. What was plausible in those games, here feels a bit uncomfortably contrived.Even if the world is big, I didn't get that ""to boldly go where nobody has before"" kind of vibe that you get in Elite Dangerous or Evochron Mercenary, for instance.I find the main storyline to be completely uninteresting, and delivered in a very unappealing way.It's a cheap game, indeed, but since I haven't enjoyed it much, I can't really recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,236150,23818200,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,rosicrux,"It is interesting but fairly basic compared to other spaceship exploration type of games.  The combat is very fast and takes some of the nuance out of the skills.  The UI is clunky and ship movement isn't very intuitive.  Trading is simpliofied but won't really make you much money. Just doing the same 4 types of missions will net you the bulk of your income and experience.  But I would have still have left a positive review if it weren't for the frequent crashes.  These crashes aren't just the game, they often freeze up my system in a way I haven't experienced in years.In researching this problem one comes across many attempted solutions (which I tried many) from others and then dev posts that point to it being a problem with Windows 10, and that they do not and will not support this game under Windows 10.  Also read from the dev posts that ""this game is 2 years old"" so they are not focused on supporting it further.  So, buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,236150,29004640,Posted: 4 January,all,123,"Game breaking bugs, even in this stage. autosave makes you loose all your money sometimes, great to have a game where savegame doesn't even work correctly. Kinda pisses me off, you need to experience all the bugs to have fun playing the game afterwards, if the developers could just make a working game from the start, many would be happy. Not hauling a ship worth 200k to station, to have autosave forget it, and when you die and reload, you are 200k short... thanks guys!"
76561198006980009,Recommended,236150,10252562,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Preacher-Six,"desperately needs the storymode , graphics  are good, flight is good, little disappointed in the ship design and combat can get a little boring"
76561198011457313,Recommended,236150,10395592,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MR.SHINY,not recomending yet it still has bugs its fun so far but its freezing up you try to travel to an area and it will freeze locking the game to where you have to restart the computer maybe if the space debree wasnt there the smoke and tiny rocks flying in your face idk whats causing the problem so other than the big freeze now and again its fun oh wait the turning sucks♥♥♥♥♥you cant turn to fire back on an enemy seems they have the upper hand all the time but am dealing with it have to payed money for the glitches
76561198128753170,Recommended,236150,10434048,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,digiminer,"I still cant figure out the missions. I can accept the missions just fine, but, the mission statement's arent clear about where to go next. It would be cool if the mission would clearly show up in the hud. And It would be cool if the HUD could be detached and placed on another monitor, that way the hud could be bigger with information on each reference."
76561198007815874,Recommended,236150,10851071,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anewborn,The world in starpoint gemini 2 feels a litle dead and empty to me no interactions with other ships no radio chatter and no interaction in stations with npc.Trading and shooting has al been don by othergames nothing new there.On the other hand this is a Beta and time will tell.I love space games and there is not much on the market to satisfy my needs thus i have good hopes for Starpiont Gemini 2.
,Recommended,236150,11001256,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Obi-Juan Kenobi,"Can you guys try to make the crews a bigger part in the game? Like maybe getting certain items in game such as plasma rifles would allow the player to equip that number of rifles to that many crew members. Maybe make some type of way to look at the people in your ship, like their names and equitment."
76561198053239453,Recommended,236150,12193792,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ken Oath,"Only been playing Early Access Beta a few hours and so far I'm really enjoying it,Bit of a space sim fan in general…This reminds me some of Freelancer and EVE online.Beta access is “freeroam”, I’ve found that it is fairly easy to pick up the basics but takes a while to get proficient, there is some real depth here and I’ve only scratched the surface.First impressions, this game is looking great! Can only imagine how good it could be if it supported a multiplayer PU and had an optional cockpit/bridge view.To early to call yet, but this game shows so much potential I think I can rate it in my top 5 space sims.Anyhow having a blast so far and excited to see how the finished product plays!Edit 8th of October 2014 My first impressions of SPG2 was that it might make my favourite top 5 space sims… it has the potential but it lacks a few vital essentials like a functional overview such as Freelancer. I was probably more than 20 hours into my early access when I realized just how much I missed it.It’s no game breaker but having played Freelancer for well over 1500hrs and EVE online for much more you quickly realize just how much it holds the game back from being so much better. I’ve put some 140 hrs into the game (including beta) and I’m far from finished with it.The good news is that some serious HUD tweaks are coming... the DEV’s have worked  tirelessly to address a few bugs that appeared at launch and they’ve been responding to some imbalance issues relating to levelling, the game having only been released a few weeks ago is already feeling much better!Visually the game scores 9/10    Just beautiful!Soundtrack 9/10      Really great soundtrack.Storyline 6/10     Story was OK, I just didn’t get into it. Just dialogue, no character cut scenes at all.Voice acting 6/10  Some were hilarious they were so bad.Gameplay 8/10  Some solid gameplay mechanics, easy to get into but hard to master.Replay ability 9/10  I got my money’s worth just playing the Beta early access!General Content 9/10  Some real quality ships, gear, missions, bounties, capture ship gameplay etc…LGM Dev’s 10/10 Never come across such a great team working so hard with so little.I just finished the story mode… overall I enjoyed it, I’ve still got a few high bounties to go after and I haven’t explored all of the map. The game as far as the DEV’s are concerned isn’t finished they have a big wish list of features they still hope to implement and honestly I can’t wait.Starpoint Gemini 2 easily makes it into my top 10 space sim games and if you’e looking for something to fill the void while we wait for Star Citizen, Elite Dangerous etc Just get it already.SPG2 will keep on getting better as they go and I’m looking forward to it and new content."
,Recommended,236150,12201525,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Latin Lover,"I do not feel it's fair or accurate to describe this game as ""Eve Offline"", but it does give you a good idea of what you are going to get. Starpoint Gemini 2 looks great! And I really do love not having loading times. I haven't been able to explore the game's entire map yet but I can tell you it is huge and despite you are traveling in space it doesn't get boring. There is plenty of stuff to look around for, side quests, random encounters, etc. I can see myself spending 80+ hours just fooling around on this game before I decide to start/continue the main storyline. The controls are perfect, they do give you the feeling that you are commanding the ship. I'm still new to ship's customization but there seems to be plenty of options, and I really can't wait to buy a better/bigger ship. I'm sure this game will satisfy your scifi adventure needs, wether you desire join a fight between enemy fleets, flee through an asteroid field from a tougher opponent, become a space pirate or just travel through space... this game has it all."
,Recommended,236150,12205994,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,spitfire184,"Already much better than X: Rebirth. I'm still getting over that.Really playable, reminds me of the glorious (oh so glorious) Freelancer days."
,Recommended,236150,12207025,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Saavuj,"Very nice -- graphically better than x3:Albion Prelude -- not quite the differing options for building stations and such, but much much much better than X rebirth.  Very nice addition to the library for anyone who likes single player space sandboxes.  Still in beta, but few crashes & such regardless."
76561197972259464,Recommended,236150,12295272,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Scooby4ever,"Sorry for super early review but i had just to say WOV what an amazing game this seems to be. The gfx, sfx and music is majestic and gameplay is easy to learn and fun.I started free roaming after the intros screens just to get a sense of the game. And i was blown away how easy the ship was to controll with the mouse. (you can choose gamepad if you want) Love the ui in the game. Anway i started free roaming and collected stuff from junk out in space and traded them at nearest planet. And i really feelt like being a pilot in space trading to earn my living, its hard to explain but this game just took me by storm instant.I know that alot of thing may change further ingame but i feelt i had to type somthing. I will continue this after 10-30hrs or more of gameplay. But for now i can surely say worth every euro i payed for this."
76561198109599162,Recommended,236150,12382407,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,daviss666,"this game is amazing, truly. the scope of it leaves so much to be discovered. there are so many different avenues to explore and master.  even battling and outhinking the AI has allowed for an incredible immersion.  BUT!  the fact that it never fails to crash and force-close numerous times in an hour has me INCREDIBLY DISAPPOINTED.  i am on a tight schedule being a full time student. so my time i do have to play around on this chosen game  can easily be spoiled by the disturbing malfunctions.  pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee look into this DEVS!  its so good but so 50-50."
76561198077933613,Recommended,236150,12416598,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,j.tringali,"It's still buggy.  I've been locked up 5 times in the last 5 hours... it's basically the way I stop playing I guess.  Everything from transitioning across the galaxy (next sector) to opening the options menu.  Needs to get a bit more stable.  I'd like to see landing (anchor) sequences and maybe some basic docking grapics like Darkstar One, showing that you are IN a station.  Other than the graphics, it reminds me of Elite from 1984-ish.  Keep it up though... I hope the modders really get with it.  I play Skyrim with hundreds of mods and it's pushed that game past 1000 hours and I'm still on my first character."
,Recommended,236150,13425249,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Cevo,"Great game, great devs. The game is constantly updated and at it's $34.99 price it's a great buy, forget the sales. If you can get it on sale, 100% grab it, buy one for your friends too. The game's everything you could want in a space themed game and it only gets better!10/10 would recommend."
76561198137521349,Recommended,236150,13436234,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,rcthomas00,Fianally! I've been looking for a game like this for a long time. Ever since I played Armada for the Saga DreamCast no other game has come close to what I wanted.
76561197988994736,Recommended,236150,13443753,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,thejoche,"It felt to me more like and expansion to the original than a new game. That's not a bad thing.  I recall having stability issued with the original game, but have had little to none with this one. Fun space exploring and trading with plenty of pew pew pew. Great visuals. Crappy camera in my opinion, and minimalist control scheme, I thought.  Still, a  great game. 8/10"
76561198006909587,Recommended,236150,13655266,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chaos Warlord,Simplified Elite / Freelancer like game. Also has a lot of RPG like systems like Exp / Skils and Perks. Story is pretty bad so just play the Freeroam universe instead :)If you like those kind of games with RPGs then go for it.
76561198053135940,Recommended,236150,13665937,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cold_Fire,Great space exploration/fighting game really good...
76561197980896334,Recommended,236150,13684205,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PTT.Tamachan,"It's Mount & Blade...in space. 'Nuff said?Maintenance missins are a blit clunky and only work half the time for me, I've had 1 crash in 5-10 hours, so still some improvements to be made. Gameplay is good, graphics are above average, voice acting is horrendous (naturally), and customization is far too limited at the moment. A couple of decent builds and it might get there. 7/10"
76561198037508694,Recommended,236150,13691905,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sygon,"Great game. Combat, trading, missions, bounties, pirates, factions, tons of ships, tons of ship upgrades, boarding ships, taking ships, anomalies, mining, exploration, smuggling, perks and skills.  This game is packed full of great entertainment."
76561198052185866,Recommended,236150,13727733,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Donmegawatt,"As a fan of the X-series I can see a huge amount of potential here. I really hope people keep checking it out so the developers will have an incentive to expand the scope of their enjoyable and stylish foundation, continue to add more items, characters, goals, and areas to explore. I monitor their patches and updates because side missions were hinted at in the menu systems but not implemented when I played. This game gave me a solid 35 hours of fun before I had enough money to buy everything. Recommended."
,Recommended,236150,13747483,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Liquid,Great little open world space game.  Still gets major updates almost every month.
76561198142893286,Recommended,236150,13748186,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,lyim,"I like the Campaign with the combo o0f an open world system. Think Elder Scrolls in SpaceYou start with your small ship and few weapon, you can mine, detroy pirate raiders or complete missions for cash. As you upgrade the ships get more complex with additional mount points for more weapons.I will say that this game grew on me the more I played"
76561197985650755,Recommended,236150,7520364,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Dagon,huge potential
76561198008546307,Recommended,236150,7687102,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Upright1,"Regularly updated by the developers and quickly nearing completion. How many EA titles can say that?A great space flier with fairly simple flight mechanics - a nice change after some recent space game fails. This is not a dogfighting game. You spend most of your time flying bigger boats and trying to keep as many turrets on your target as possible. Standard mission running, war participation, trading and mining. The developers are keeping the campaign under wraps until release, so I don't have enough information to say how well it all ties together. I will say that the game is playable, as is, without the campaign. Random missions pop up on your map so it is more than possible to advance without it.The price is great for the gameplay value and the campaign isn't even implimented yet. Very few bugs or flaws, and the ones that do make it in are quickly squished."
76561198061394124,Recommended,236150,8128525,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,bmichalides25,"Now that its out of early access and has some content, its a fun game to play, though it still doesn't hold my attention for more than an hour or two. I can tell the developers have put alot of work into the game since I first reviewed it, and hopefully will continue to do so. As such, I've changed my review to a recommend."
76561197975684100,Recommended,236150,9554968,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,DeathSpawn,"Doesn't suck as hard as the first one. Unfortunately that doesn't say much. Looking to be shaping up as an enjoyable game, it just needs a more immersive RPG element to the game. Maybe that will come with more polish."
,Recommended,236150,9629094,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Accidental Rob,"I find it hard to say that I recommend this game, or even that I do not.I was a huge fan of Freelancer, and I have spent years looking for something that could fill the hole that Freelancer left behind. While Starpoint Gemini 2 comes close, it's not... quite... there yet. This game is still in development (just recently in beta), so bear that in mind.All of the pieces are there - free roaming, trading, space battles - however, SG2 seems to fall flat a key area - ship movement. The starting vessel, a frigate, I believe, looks like a fish, moves like a fish, but steers like a cow. Most combat is spent circling around trying to get a bead on your enemy for about 1/2 a second before they move out of view once more. By that point, his buddy has been firing lasers up your butt. I'm a space combat noob with this game, but even Freelancer felt like it had more ""zip"" to ship movement. I had to crank the mouse sensitivity just to feel like there was some kind of response to the controls.Graphically, it's quite nice. Ships, planets, stations and space ""stuff"" is lovely to look at.The game requires some optimization. When you are in a serious furball with many other ships, I find that the game really chugs and slows down - even if you are not involved in the combat, and it's just nearby.The game is not multiplayer, and I am not clear on whether or not it is ever going to be multiplayer. That is also a major wall for a lot of people. Freelancer was great. Freelancer with friends was amazing.This is not a Freelancer replacement, though it comes close. If you're not concerned about a multiplayer experience, you're not going to find a game that delivers what this one does at this price point. However, I would wait for later in the beta cycle or even for wide release. It's not quite ready for prime time."
,Recommended,236150,9964465,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,I am LRRR.,"Crashes and not yet feature-complete (even though they're in beta), but a well cloned Freelancer."
76561198022835916,Recommended,236150,13716030,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Megadeth217,"18 hours in and so far this game is exellent. VERY similar to Freelancer for old school gamers out there. For new people think 3rd person space shooter with trading, mission, piracy or whatever. There are tons of different ships, weapons, loadouts and play styles.Graphics are excellent and it runs really well on my rig.It can be hard in places, so don't be afraid to go away, save up and buy a bigger ship. The mission level indicators can be a little bit off. Some are waaaaaay harder than you think, then others will be easy money.Still that is life in space:I don't careI'm still freeYou can't take the sky from me."
76561198153673959,Recommended,236150,13782720,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,everyone fuck you!,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!! This game is on point, has everything you can want in a game. Not to mention the community mods are awesome. GET THIS GAME!!! Now! What are you waiting for???"
,Recommended,236150,9959817,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,jimbobslimbob,"My original review (while the game was still in EA) is shown at the bottom. Please note that the sections on performance are not entirely relevant now, since the game runs much better.REVIEW AFTER RELEASE:---------------------------------------------------------The game is a mix between Freelancer and X3. You can command fleets, hire wingmen, level up skills, buy massive battleships, trade, do missions. It's a lot like Darkstar One too, if we are comparing - but a lot better.The focus here is on large ship battles - and with many ships, rather than smaller dogfigthing. Your starting ship is fairly large ( gunship), and some of the stuff I have seen to buy looks cool. You can climb the ranks and get battleships, dreadnoughts and the like, and command officers and mercs to help you out in battle, either on your own ship or as a wingman. You can even board enemy ships and take control of them, or tractor ships back to stations to sell them.It looks lovely and has a massive open map to explore, complete with anomalies, slipstreams, wormholes, gates, planets, stations asteroid fields, nebula etc. - all you would come to expect from such a game and more.The campaign is basic, but enjoyable. The voice-acting is absolutely atrocious though - the accents are all over the place and it is detrimental in an necessary way. You also have the option to free-roam, doing missions as they come along, trading or becoming a pirate. It has a complete reputation and trading system, allowing you to become anything you want.A lack of multiplayer hits hard, since this game would be infinitely better with it and a real shame it is not included. It also seems to have a fairly repetitive and grindy feel to it - hence the mark of 6/10. If it had multiplayer I think my score would jump to 8/10 instantly though.Jimbo Rating: 6/10REVIEW WHILE IN EA:---------------------------------------------------------It's a mix between Freelancer and X3. You can command fleets, hire wingmen, level up skills, buy massive battleships, trade, do missions. It's a lot like Darkstar One too, if we are comparing - but a lot better.The focus here is on large ship battles - and with many ships, rather than smaller dogfigthing. Your starting ship is fairly large, and some of the stuff I have seen to buy looks cool. You can even board enemy ships and take control of them, or tractor ships back to stations to sell them.It looks lovely, but does seem to suffer from some performance issues. Putting the lengthy loading screens aside, I frequently experienced 0FPS drops when entering new sectors (occurrs quite often), which is a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- especially if it happens to be a wing of enemy fighters.It's still beta, but if they can fix the performance issues (severe slow downs, long load times, crashing) then this game will be a winner.Jimbo Rating: 6/10Note: why have I ""not recommended"" this game - even though it's good? Simple: it's nigh-on un-playable (or very frustrating) at the moment, what with the aforementioned performance issues."
76561198118903571,Recommended,236150,11310521,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,XtR0,I change my display to one with 1920x1080 resolition and game is looks ok :)**** (review on 1280x1024 display)Terrible fonts - most of text unreadableI hope it will be fixed but for now game is unplayable for me
76561197999020557,Recommended,236150,12194253,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Remember No Russian,"Well the early access have a lot of crashes and freezes I never played this game for a full 2 hours without having a crash.The game itself is very promising one of the best, the gameplay style is very nice. I do recommend this game for all gamers that love Space Games."
76561197968533929,Recommended,236150,319775,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,magnetmannen,"Best spacegame of the year. incredibly satisfying space gameplay with missions that are autogenerated.If you only buy one spacegame this year, this is the game to own."
,Recommended,236150,7706598,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,jjwells0402,"Pretty damn amazing for it's alpha state. Devs are always involved with the community, more than I've seen any other company do. Can't wait for the final release!"
,Recommended,236150,9963279,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Walnuts,So far this has been slow going. The tutorial could use some work and you will want to print the commands out. The game crashes for me on a Brand new Asus G760JZ so that is not good considering its the best laptop out there as of today.
,Recommended,236150,27276826,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lethaljustice,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is easily the best space adventure game available!  Little Green Men Games did a superb job in incorporating those features that make a space exploration game enjoyable while avoiding anything that would be dull.There is a main-story quest line to keep you engaged with multiple side quests to mix things up.  Space travel feels exciting and scenic without taking years in between events (with added wormholes to speed things up a little more).  There are space pirates, some dangerous while others are targets of opportunity for some quick cash, especially if you capture their ship to sell to a nearby friendly space station.There seems to be just the right number of ship and weapon variety to not get overwhelmed while still feeling like you have a choice in weapon loadout and ship type.  There are even some that you acquire through quest lines or obtaining blueprints for exceptional weapon types, including torpedoes, plasma cannons, railguns, etc.Lots of Steam achievements, beautiful scenery, fantastic spacestation design."
76561197980157368,Recommended,236150,29911171,Posted: 13 February,all,Laserak,"Amazing game, I bought this and Warlords aswell, am not disappointed, I wish all game devs had the commitment of this team."
,Recommended,236150,15960826,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sillis,"This game is more fun than I thought it would be... the plot (although kinda shallow on the side quests) is entertaining.The thing I find most enjoyable is that you can play it as a first-person space dogfighting game, or you can use the fire at will feature and just fly the ship while the computer does the shooting.Trading seems to be a waste of time at least early on up to where I'm at same for mining although its a little more lucrative. The gameplay is pretty addictive and you have to really grind pretty hard to earn enough money to build a decent ship - unless you use the cheats, which would probably instantly ruin the game completely.Definitely worth the couple bucks I spent on it, I probably wouldn't pay retail for it. However I'm a cheapskate in general so that statement holds true for me with pretty much anything."
76561198042157293,Recommended,236150,15978762,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,krev23,"Decent graphics, nice music and sound effects. Combat is decent and environment is large and varied. However at the current stage the game stops being fun once you've leveled up to get your dream ship. There's no more challenge and the game becomes repetitive very quickly. Still the grind is very fun and there are many mods. In short: fun but little replayability."
76561198050501105,Recommended,236150,15979071,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,RoA83,"Great game!Beautiful graphics, great gameplay."
,Recommended,236150,15965381,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TJ-Aich,"9/10 - I've been looking for a good space game for a long time, and this one is definitely the best I've played so far.  I'd give it 10/10, but there's no Linux version. :-)"
,Recommended,236150,32014000,Posted: 28 May,all,weatherseed,"Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of a game that has been a lot of fun.There are similar games out there to this, no doubt. In fact, it seems to be one of the great truths in life that, no matter where in time you are so long as it's after the release of Elite, very little will change besides the graphics. What does matter are the controls, exploration, the story, and (let's face it) combat.The controls are, simply put, very basic. This is good for cruising in your Space Ferrari through the galaxy. There are no headaches to be found here.Exploration? Save for a few interesting space anomalies you have to learn to navigate and finding new stations to trade with... Well... You won't find much here to work with. The galaxy itself is very 2D, which is helpful for navigation, but you rarely decide to veer wildly off the beaten path unless those pirates REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.Story and plot in this game are, while interesting, fairly light. You can play with or without it. Having done both, I'm actually a fan of sticking to the plot. There's still a lot to do and see in the galaxy, but you'd likely never think of going to these places without a little hand holding.Last, and by no means least, is combat. I'll say it plain. This was a lot of fun for me. The smaller ships force you to line up your shots and take the time to learn more about the combat system. Larger ships get, my favorite, turrets. You can either fly about, positioning yourself to take less damage and letting your turrets automatically target enemies or take control yourself to aim at that dreadnought that just decided to pop in for a fight.My one sole complaint concerning combat are the missiles. I hate them. Powerful, yes, but fickle.Each ship, of which there are many, can be customized very nicely. What made things even more fun were the mods. I had a great deal of fun flying around in the Galaxy-class starship from Star Trek.I will note that this game does not have the intricate controls and fleet building that the X series has. It doesn't have the exploration that Elite: Dangerous or NMS have either. What it does is find a happy place in the middle and let you kick some space butt."
76561198092409071,Recommended,236150,14570863,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Commando Morris,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a pretty fun Space Sim in my opinion. Trading, Capturing Ships, Fleet battles, Exploring, and just flying around and admiring the skyboxes are all a treat in this game. The graphics are good looking in many areas. The Gemini system is pretty damn big, too. On the down side, the game seems to have a hard time keeping a steady frame-rate, no matter how powerful your rig is. It's especially bad in large fleet battles. Other than that, I'd say it's definitely worth checking out. At least until Star Citizen comes out."
76561198052395015,Recommended,236150,16407156,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lone Wanderer,I want to like this game however the lower quality voice acting and the eventual repetitiveness of all of the mission are what broke it for me. There are still some missions that completely bug out for me and I am unable to complete them until I fail it and try again. The main story missions can be long and you can only save at the space stations so when it does fail half way through you have to start all over again and push through the voice acting once more.Other than mousing over the faction and reading it's description there is nothing that makes any of the factions feel personal in any way.There is the basis for a great game here and some might enjoy this title. I however cannot recommend it.Update:For a 9 man indie team then this is a very well done game. I must admit I did no research before reviewing. I'm very impressed that the developers care so deeply about their project to comment on my small post and describe their plans and ambitions for the future. I have decided to change my recommendation because in light of this I want this game to succeed. Space games are the future!
,Recommended,236150,17753496,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,HakaH,"A quick review for this really cool space game.I spent 35 hours on this game, In that time I finished the base game + one DLC, reached maximum Level and bought on the best ship. So even if I am not an expert, I think I can write a fair review.+ Great Value.  You easily can beat the game 2 / 3 times without feeling bored. And the Dev team enhanced the First Starpoint to the new engine, it should give you around 50 hours more of gameplay.+ Cool graphic; not realistic like Elite Dangerous for example, but a very nice representation of space.+ Nice gameplay /  Mix of Rpg and tactic space game ; if you play in high difficulty it can be very challenging.+ A lot of things to do.+ A lot of ships and weapons to suit all tastes.+ A extremely nice and responsive Dev Team. Basically if you post anything ( interesting ) on the steam forum, there is good chances that a Dev will be the first to answer.+ A perfect example of how a Early Access should be done and handled.+ Mod support.- Scenario not great.- A little bit short. I know it is against my + on greate value, but the thing is  I think 35 hours to reach max level is a little bit to quick; of course if you want the best weapons you will have to spend a lot of times, but it lacks the motivation of leveling up.- At the end you are incredibly overpowered. Some may consider that a + , as a kind of reward but not for me.So highly recommend this game made by a very nice and little team of passionate Dev.Will by their next project without hesitation."
76561198114262177,Recommended,236150,18040233,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,revya1432,"A great game and very much enjoyed. The ships themselves were interesting and the combat was fun. Overall, this game has turned me into a Sci-fi lover and im hoping to find another like it."
76561197970278686,Recommended,236150,18246470,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,cswiger,"Think of an indy very of Freelancer.  Add some stations inspired by Egosoft's X-Universe (the solar power plants, especially) and maybe a touch of Space Rangers 2 in terms of the map/territory and in terms of being able to install a mod upon your ship equipment.Definitely worth picking up with the current sale."
,Recommended,236150,18291119,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,okidna,Just bought the game to listen to Globus. Great space game btw.
76561198067322131,Recommended,236150,24087070,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Capt. Jack,"Very interesting and challenging game.Love the combat systems, it has many options.The story is OK.The exploration its a bit underrated here, but has its moments too.8/10"
76561198027357949,Recommended,236150,24364926,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Letalis13,"Up front:  Not deep enough or fun enough to warrant a $35 entry fee.  Definitely worth it for $10.Pros:+Artwork.  Ships and backdrops are pleasant enough to look at and cruising through space in your ride of choice is nice.+Simple, easy to use interface and controls.  Love the interface.+Straightforward missions+Stable and nicely refined.  Have yet to run in to a ""broken quest"" or a significant bug of any kind.+Decent enough sized sandbox system to play in.  It takes 15 minutes to fly across Gemini even with the fastest ship.+Game adjusts difficulty rather well as you progress to bigger ships.+Soundtrack is a definite plus that matches the mood of the task at hand.+Lots of factions.  No, they don't really fight all that differently but...they are labeled differently.+Faction loyalty.  It is simple to see who you are friends with and who you should avoid.  System is easy and intuitive.+Decent variety of ships, loots and weapons keeps things interesting.+Fighters and bombers can be launched from you ship.+Perk system.  As you gain rank you can shape your fighting style and abilities.  Easy and effective without being OP.+Steam workshop enabled.  I find looking at the hind end of an Intrepid Class is nicer than the stock ships.Cons:-Game progression can be very grindy at times.-Uncompelling campaign became unbearable because of horrid voice acting.  I began playing free-roam instead.-Ships all fly and feel the same.  A battleship handles just as well as a frigate, it just has more weapons, shields etc. :(-Unable to target specific enemy ship systems.-Sensor range is pitifully low.  You'll always see things before your sensors do.-Combat feels shallow a good portion of the time.  Tactics rarely decide outcome, usually ship stats are it.-Combat AI is downright stupid at times. As a level 18 I destroyed a level 70 pirate because they kept chasing me.  My one pea-shooter gun could hit them from 800 out, their guns could only reach 550.  As they chased me I eventually wore down their forward shield and nearly destroyed them before they turned and ran.  At that point I ran them down, overtook and finished by shooting through their non-existent forward shield.-Controls are simple, but can be awkward at times.  No target padlock option. (Really?)-3rd person views only.  You will never be ""in your ship""and that hurts immersion.-No sense of running a crew.  Your ""crewmen"" are cards with stats that don't progress.-Game does not track ships destroyed, troops lost, total money accrued etc.  Nice touches that are easy to make.-Small variety in mission types.  Scan something, shoot something, ferry something.  That's pretty much it.-No ability to build up a true fleet, can just hire a couple mercs.-No feel of actually influencing events in the game world.-When you dock at a station or planet, all interactions are handled through a simple splash screen.Summary:Starpoint Gemini 2 is a nice little space romp for casual/arcade crowds.  I would personally prefer options available to transform this basic game experience into something a little more hardcore.  Replayability is hurt by lack of simulation options, inability to shape conflict and shallow combat mechanics.  Less than 20 hours in I have a dreadnought class warship, have maxed out alliances with half the factions and explored roughly 60% of the systems in the game.  I do not feel as though I will make any substantial new discoveries at this point, just find combinations of things already previously seen.  The game has begun to feel like a ""digital fishbowl"" but may come back if I find myself in the mood for mindless point and click with a spaceship involved.  Score: 7.5"
,Recommended,236150,29951952,Posted: 15 February,all,PNBricks,FUN!!!It can get a little tedious. the game has alot to do and alot of dlc to go with it.
76561198158131410,Recommended,236150,16836519,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Air'-eez,Awesome!
,Recommended,236150,25704494,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,woodyda2nd,"I went into this game as a buffer between waiting on a few other games im looking forward to.  Keeping that in mind I do love all scifi/space games in general.  The beginning was difficult i was having a hard time learning the controls and ended up giving up within the first two hours.  I gave it another try and got the basics down and now am 36 hours into the game.  I found myself loving it and enjoying the mystery of the story.  From what i expect from a 30 usd game it surpasses in all categories.  Yeah tutorials are not great,  the voice overs are off sometimes  and not perfect, finding the help section or explainations in the game about buying selling or how to bounty hunt and null and void.  But with all that it is a 30 buck game reg price and i bought it for under 10 bucks.  I rather enjoy figuring out how to figure out all the aspects of making money in game.I say 2 thumbs up for what it is and i enjoy it even though i dislike 3rd person or control the ship games where im not in a first person view.  36 hours into it im not even in the dlc yet and havent even explored all the space available in the game aswell.  I say its a win win!!!!"
76561198166770414,Recommended,236150,25799012,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,cormacphillips2010,"I Love this game. Its a space RPG but you never you leave your ship. Sure its a bit old but graphics and gameplay are great.Its not too simplistic to be considered an arcade space shooter but not a mad in depth space simulator. Its quite easy to learn how to pilot, fight, nav and trade. Along the way you got many ship upgrades and ships. However be prepared to earn the credits to buy these. The space fighting is alot of fun, however its very level dependent if you engage with an emeny above your level you die. So run away tactics are sometime needed until you own a fleet of ships.There are a few problems sometimes the space fights can just kill you in seconds. You can only save you game at stations which adds to tension but alot of time you just end up replaying the same mission or area of space because of it. The soundtrack I tured off within 4 hours of gameplay its repitive and anoying and the sound effects could be better.So gamrplay is quickly learned but sometimes the fights are too difficult.soundtrack could be better.graphics are up to standard.A fun space adventure."
76561198042999154,Recommended,236150,18165064,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Timetrined,"One of the smoothest and playable space combat games around with a good assortment of mission types.Out of several others consider it the best with always new mission details to it, never boring.Outstanding, and a most trouble free game for any pc."
,Recommended,236150,25847834,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lamuelte,"Bought it on sale, found a good entertaining space sim. The game had mostly positive reviews and after a few hours of gameplay I understand why. Job well done.I will recommend this to new players, do not venture too close to hostile space in your starting ship with water pistol turrets. Also, bring your brown pants."
76561197995445971,Recommended,236150,17967807,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,GermanDad,Fun game to spend some time if you like games like the X series.
,Recommended,236150,22305515,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Djixnn,I am a Little Green Girl and I love you :-)
76561198012805397,Recommended,236150,12203886,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Smash,"There's a lot to like about this game, equally it still has room for improvement, but overall I'd recommend it in its current state for the price. If you've ever played EVE, you will immediately see the attraction of an ""offline mode"" style game, that you can pause when the pizza guy comes or save before doing something stupid.Things I really like.* The universe is already pretty big, lots of places to explore but the game has features like wormholes, JumpGate networks and TeleportDrives to get you around faster than full speed ahead into one direction.* Ships look cool, there is a good variety of designs and varied configurations already, Its obvious there will be more to come.* Great maneuverability of the ship, it's the type of piloting I really wished EVE had, you can really out maneuver a lot damage if you get good at it allowing you to take out larger ships that claim to be ""impossible"".* Shielded sides, you don't fly around in a ""bubble"" shield like most games, each side of your ship has emitters and if one side is busted you're taking hull damage! That really fits my play style of focused attack. I hope that later one you can divert power to bolster one side or the other depending on where you are taking the most damage.* You can board other ships with what amounts to raiding parties and fight their crew, if you manage to take them down, you can grapple their ship and tow it (painfully slowly) back to a station and sell it or use it as your own. This will be a good source of income if it didn't take ages to get a ship back to station. I'd suggest adding a towtruck style ship that we can come back with or something and get it there much faster, just let us bookmark the spot and return would be fine.Areas in need of improvement* I guess its the pilot's radar, but its way too small to be useful and you can't zoom-in, you can tell if there are enemies in the area the same as if there are friendlies, but it's hard to gauge you're position or distance from them without ""looking out your window"" by turning your ship or the camera. I'd prefer more thought into that, it needs to be bigger and zoom able and a lot more detailed about what each tiny blimp is. For example, you can drop a ZETH which is basicly an automated sentry fixed in space, but if you fly too far from it you may never find it again and its not cheap. I frequently lose mine if there are NPC friendlys around because it's impossible to tell what anything is.* Stations need to be able to attack, I love the warnings that tell me any enemy station is nearby, so the first time I heard that I saved the game and flew right at one, but nothing happened, I think they should start firing some lasers if enemy craft turn up.*Needs more ship system customization and I think this is already on the way based on some of the anomaly scans I've done, cause you need jamming, ECM, shield boosters, etc. The ability to vary your ship should be based on more than just what skills you're pilot has, not to keep bringing up EVE but there's a lot to take for example there."
,Recommended,236150,12283932,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,UncertainZero,"Starpoint Gemini 2 share's a lot of similarity to freelancer (one of my favorite space games) and does a great job it. If you liked games like Freelancer, this is a must buy."
76561197982171359,Recommended,236150,12333731,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mc stewbie,Amazing gameplay. I am  very pleased so far.
,Recommended,236150,12354760,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Artimus Gordon,"Played for almost 20 hours now.  Good open galaxy, fairly easy to learn and develop.  One has said a mix between Freelance and Skyrim, and that's a pretty good idea of the game.  Begin by mining some astroids to get some dough.  Build up your ship a bit, then try a few missions.  Tells you the recommended level for the mission, so that's a plus.  Can hire some mercs to help out.  Build up an armada to go for big missions.  I expect this will get a LOT of play time, similar to Skyrim.  Looks like a random generator for missions, so the game isn't over until YOU say it's over.  Advice I heard was, buy it, you won't regret it.  I don't."
76561198031385320,Recommended,236150,12383602,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,aibohphobia,Amazing so far and its just the beta
76561198033343049,Recommended,236150,12384499,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Durak,A viable surrogate for freelancer this game is one of the best space sims I have played to date.
76561198028011854,Recommended,236150,12455920,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,madcowcancer,"gotta say this was exactly what i hoped it would be. an awesome galaxy surfing vehicle combat game with excellent mods and dev support. endless replay value and more ships to choose from than you will ever even see in one playthrough. seriously ive played about 100 hours so far and still half my map is unexplored.as all good games are you start out weak and end up becoming a juggernaut of near infinite power. and yet you can still get ganged up on to the point where your only choice is flee or die.tactical decisions go a long way and you definitely want to gather the best weapons, enhancments, officers and skills. but the best part is the freedom to choose what you do. do you mine asteroid and gas with a freightliner, or become wealthy thru the destruction of your enemies in a carrier, or do you become the master trader soaring around the galaxy at incredible speeds trading resources and transporting vip's in a cruiser. its totally up to you how you play this game.if i had complaints about this game it would be these. 1) more mods, 2) more weapon levels and choices, 3) more levels, and 4) better explained stats. so 3 out of 4 complaints are that i just want more. thats always a good thing. to play a game you can never get enough of. and if boredom ever does set in i can always start anew with a different approach, class or end goal. THIS IS A MUST HAVE!!!!!!"
,Recommended,236150,12461734,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,fremenlaw,"Star Point Gemin 2 is a fantasic starship space genre game that will have you playing for hours on end. I’ve spent more than 60 hours with the game at this point and I’ve only just scratched the surface. I’ve primarily been playing in the games “free roam” mode as that was the real draw of the game for me. I knew from the outset that I wanted a game that gave me the ability to explore, fight, mine and trade at my own leisure and do so in my own ship like a “real” space captain. After researching SPG2 a bit I realized that this would be the game that would allow me to do all of that.I’m not a diehard space sim player so games like EVE Online and Star Trek Online have always kind of intimidated me. I’ve never really had an interest in the X3 series (my loss probably) but I have played Sins of a Solar Empire and the Homeworld series. It's been a while since I've played anything space related but lately I’ve become re-interested in the genre with games like Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous on the horizon. I knew I wanted to play a game that felt huge and expansive but I didn’t want to play a game that made me feel like a small fish in a huge pond. I’m a casual player so the size and scope of this game feels just right to me. The game's setting is huge and there is a lot to do in it. Also, it seems like the devs are really committed to making the game better all the time which made the choice to buy it all the more easy to make. The fact that I’ve continued to play it so much is a testament to how good it actually is.SPG2 reminds me specifically of two games I’ve played before, Nexus: The Jupiter Incident and Star Trek: Starfleet Command. Although I’ve played many other space genre games since, I really wanted to play something that felt similar to those two games. SPG2 has a surprising amount in common with Starfleet Command which also allowed you to “tractor beam” aka grapple ships, scan anomalies and commandeer other spacecraft with “marines” aka troopers. I haven’t played that game in over 15 years but I remember how much fun it was to do those things in the game.These are some of the things I like about SPG2:-	the music is great especially the main theme-	the ship designs are cool and I know there are still tons more to discover-	the space station designs are great and varied which is a plus-	the variety of weapons and their FX in game look great-       the descriptions for items and npcs in the game are numerous and often amusing-       there are many mods availiable which help to enhance gamplayThe randomness of missions and enemies is great but whether or not you like this aspect of the game will depend on how much you like doing things in this universe. After awhile the missions can seem repetitive but luckily the fact that the level required to do each mission changes all the time, forces you to decide which missions to do or not to do. This in turn helps mix things up a bit and keep things interesting.The only issues I have with the game so far are the way the menus in stations and on planets were a bit confusing at first and still seem a bit cumbersome to navigate. Also I wish there was a bit more 'humanity' in the game. By that I just mean it would be cool if officers had portraits in addition to their names and when ships attacked you they too had portraits instead of just insignias. I know that's a huge 'ask' as there are already a huge amount of randomized officer names in the game. Perhaps a feature that allowed you upload your own portraits to the game (specifically for officers) could be cool. Also, I’m not entirely sure, but I think officers gain experience the longer they are on your ship. I hope so but it would also be cool if they could steadily gain loyalty for additional bonuses.Other than that I’ve really enjoyed this game and am glad I bought it."
76561198020279310,Recommended,236150,12468361,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ser_Bunnylot,"With the sudden increase in popularity of Space Sims thank's to the Star Citizen crowdfunding campaign I went looking for a Freelancer successor to keep me busy in the meantime. This game is it.Freeroam mode is great and you should get at least 5-10 hours of good fun out of it. In that time you should be able to get to the endgame with the best ship and after that there's not much else to do - short of restarting as another character or on another path.The campaign feels like a hurried add-on. The writing is cheesy, the voice acting cringe-worthy. If you want a single player game that stands toe to toe with Freelancer, you won't find it here.Get this game for the sandbox mode that is freeroam and go explore the Gemini star system!"
76561198006392678,Recommended,236150,12211041,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Plissken,"A straightforward and addicting game. Wish the campaign were released, but the freeroam is great. Can't wait to try out the final product."
76561198018335846,Recommended,236150,12280017,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kelticrage,What day is it?
76561198041504490,Recommended,236150,12280433,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,enigma1701,this game is alot like freelancer if you like that stile of game play then this game is for you and support for mods.
,Recommended,236150,12282150,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,saloon12yrd,"Great game while I'm waiting for Elite: Dangerous. Seems to push all the right buttons - it's one of those games where you keep telling yourself ""I'll just to this one last mission"" and before you know it you've spend the whole day on it. For me, it is what I wanted from X: Rebirth - note I never bought X:Rebirth due to the abysmal reviews at release.The developers of Starpoint Gemini 2are active on Steam and seem to take comments & reports serious.At version 1.0001 it's not perfect yet and the GFX could need some performance optimization but that's to be expected two days after release.Overall a good start. If you're into space freeroaming, get it."
,Recommended,236150,12282629,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The Butcher,Only thing this game is missing is multiplayer :)
,Recommended,236150,12283304,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[mefi] superspeck,"This game's excellent. It's like what you'd get if you mixed Eve-Online with the original Privateer game from the 90s. There's a huge world to explore, lots of backstory and content, and you can decid to freeplay it or follow the plot at any point.The developers are very responsive about fixing bugs or improving the game. I emailed in a couple of bug reports with log files, and they responded that they were working on it, and released a patch the next day. They have released two minor patches in the day since they have released."
,Recommended,236150,12284900,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tommy,Worth $20 if you're bored.  Don't spend more on it than that and it's not the  most engaging game.  If you've got something else decent to play than play that instead of buying this.
76561197998128221,Recommended,236150,12318942,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,felixthedogbat,"FIrst off, I love the game.  That said, wait a few weeks until they get all the runtime errors out.  I can't play more than forty-five minutes without getting kicked out.  Also, saving's a problem, I'm relying on autosave quite a bit.  It's insanely frustrating, but also speaks to how much I'm enjoying the game that I'm still playing despite such grevious bugs."
76561198083791157,Recommended,236150,12319157,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lil Mayo,super fun just be sure to save there is a whole lot of crashes i hope you fix it for me iceberg interactive
76561198073239742,Recommended,236150,12321866,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lord Marius,Not bad for a first time
,Recommended,236150,12332058,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CGNY Hoban,"This games is awesome, hands down. You pilot a ship, it starts out a bit small but you can get very large ones. The thing that makes this game awesome is that you can just go anywhere and do anything. There is a story mode but it's not really important or vital to follow, I have mostly ignored it so far. Combat is a lot of fun, there is no ""strategic pausing"" or anything to strategize, and you really have a ton of stuff to micromanage. That said, your mechanical ability to think quickly, pilot your ship, use items/abilities, and position properly have HUGE outcomes on the combat. If you're good, you can do a lot with a little ship, if you're bad you can to little with a big ship.Combat is definitely an extremely fun aspect in this game but there is also so much more than just fighting other ships. The exploration in this game is really amazing. The landmarks (stations, planets, asteroid field locations etc) are static, everything else, the quests, the enemies, etc are completely random. You can pick a direction, put all power to engines, and fly to your hearts content. I actually spent an hour flying completely off the map. There isn't really anything noticeable out there except for a few enemies and such but it  definitely took me an hour to fly back. So yea, the exploration aspect in this game is huge, think skyrim in space but no drauger.So yea, awesome space battles, great exploration in a beautiful backdrop, it's really a lot of fun. The icing on the cake is the soundtrack. It's just ambient electronic but man it sets the mood well. I swear, this is the most relaxing game to play. Just mine asteroids, listen to the music, and be wisked away to a whole other solar system.Anyway, if you like exploring, enjoy space, and like relaxing for hours on end running cargo, hunting pirates, and looking at stars, you'll like this game."
76561198001566653,Recommended,236150,12332803,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pudman,"Love this game. Kind of X3 meets Starfleet Command. It is visually stunning and hardly any lag even on my surface pro 2But be prepared to save often, and I mean often. This game regularly crashesThe one thing that annoys me, and it is small, but there are no animations for docking your ships to stations, You simply fly up next to it and select dock. Pretty boring when compared to the rest of the visuals in the game"
,Recommended,236150,12332999,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jorund Blitzfang,"7/10I really enjoy open ended space sim games. This one is a very happy medium between easy to learn and fun to play.It does not have the vast options and customization as games like EVE or X, but I would trade that for a more fun and easy to play game.Like:-Open world with a variety of play styles.-Good selection of ships and equipment loadouts.-Looks great, cool ship and station designs. fairly immersive-Easy to learn controls and interfaces, even decent camera control.-Combat is fun and sometimes intense.Really enjoyed:-Capturing ships.-Trading (Easy to use ""best buy/sell"" interface!)-Exploring, pirate hunting-Completing full loadouts on a ship feels very accomplishing.Dislike:-Map feels small and underwhelming.-Copy pasted missions (gets old in any game though.)-Story started out pretty lame (avenge my father! collect stuf!) but i didnt get far into it. voice acting was passable..-Random impossible difficulty battleships showing up out of nowhere, or even in a mission.-I feel like some stats are missing, or hard to manage when making a loadout. Such as:Weapon energy consumption vs regen. And how to buff regen / lower consumption?Turret arc max angles. Fix: List this on ship stats, or a visual on the loadout page would be awesome.A better display of your ships stats (the circular display looks very awesome, but is not practical when zoomed out.)Is there a display for your own crew size? I may have missed it, from my reason above.Recommended for any type of space sim fan, but definitely leaning towards casual."
76561197990183992,Recommended,236150,12334490,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Sacriliege!,"NOT A FINAL REVIEW, Amazing game even thou i have only played for a few hours i can already see a great game in the making. the detail of the ships as will as the weapons placement make sense. thou the ark of some are questionable. nothing that a few tweaks won't fix. Also supports mods which  i already install one, and audio mod for the engines. even so the game is looking to be one that i will play for months if not years. the ship sized feel a bit off as they are not that different from smaller ships. maybe the dev will consider resizing some of the ships. some of the weapons sound could use some work as the laser as they are dont sound very flashy. i hope more options open up interms of upgrades you can do too the ships such as larger shield if the ship can handle it. Also ships you capture can be added to your fleet at a cost but not to the level of mercs after all they are your factions (player influence ) i do hope they add medium shields, turrets, the heavy weapons as they are now require rearming. would be nice to have some that are laser base that shot out a massive beam but take a long time to reg at no cost to rearming. that would be a good trade off.  shield don't always work as they should i often taken hits from the left only to take damage from the right shield ? as if the shots went right through my ship. none the less considering your getting a massive open sandbox world and lots of things you can do will keep you coming back.  I'm sure the dev will balance the classes as will as the damage in time. i really hope they continue to expand the RPG side of this game a bit more and add some more side mission (freelancer). Also be able to take bases for a faction. joining a fleet in order to win over a terrorties would be cool. so far i would give this game a 7 out of 10 and when its complete i'll review it again"
76561198036038349,Recommended,236150,12340986,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,johnleemeyer,a ok
76561198021480418,Recommended,236150,12354868,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,M E H,It is arousing
76561198015234015,Recommended,236150,12355544,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mighty Zarkon,Wish it was multiplayer....otherwise awesome
76561198025061788,Recommended,236150,12356782,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Goom128,About 2 hours in and so far the game is as expected. Seems to be a quality space sim.
76561198021351680,Recommended,236150,12370879,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Paradigm_Shift,"At first I found this game a bit frustrating. I ran out of money by unmounting and remounting my turrets as I didn't realise it cost money to do so. Then when I reloaded the main quest bugged and I couldn't fly to the place the quest was supposed to take place in. A simple restart of the game fixed this and I've been hooked ever since. There are still some minor bugs to be ironed out but none of them really affect the game play. The game looks gorgeous on high settings and the mechanics are well done, the combat is great as well-it starts with a lot of one-on-one but later on the fights get very chaotic and fun. The voice acting isn't exactly stellar but it has a decent story in campaign mode. If you were a fan of Freelancer, the X series, space sims in general get this game."
,Recommended,236150,12371383,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Stangryn,"This game has quite a bit of that old freelancer flare to it.  By no means perfect, but worth a shot from most space sim players."
76561198066108045,Recommended,236150,12372564,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,lenoxx646,"First game is pretty fun. It's just like Freelancer, with more features and the contract selection system is super easy and well designed. My only complaint is the crashes. It has crashed about 4 times so far, and I have only had the game a couple of hours."
76561198055064630,Recommended,236150,12373546,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Abbraxxus,"A little difficult to get in to, the voice acting is abit wooden and the tutorial is awfull.  However It is a fun game the combat is great and the skyboxes are beautiful. You wont get bored easily there is plenty to do alongside the games main story mission and the ship  and equipment customisation is extensive. I think it's worth a try if you like space sim/shooter games."
76561197993611220,Recommended,236150,12374333,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dominus138,I'd like to think about it as a modern version to Freelancer.
76561198012055615,Recommended,236150,12377745,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[M] Sporker the Pantless,"Okay, where to begin.I bought this game less then a week after official release, so i can imagine that some things will change, and they rightly should, but i do hope they leave it mostly together! It takes a bit to get used to (especially after playing Freelancer like a fan boy for years) and let's get this straight: IT'S NOT FREELANCER! But that's not exactly a terrible thing. i guess i'll just list the negative points first:1 - tracking speed is too slow, especially in turret view (and yes i have turned my sensitivity higher, no help)2 - enemies spawn too close to friendly bases sometimes, and prevent you from docking (especially annoying when trying to complete a taxi mission or bring in a captured ship)3 - friendlies don't care that you are trying to cap that expensive ship, and is REALLY annoying when they destroy it within SECONDS of capturing it!4 - trying to capture a ship too close to certain anomoly's (spelling is crap, but im drinking, so understand) and wormholes can lead to MASSIVE frustration, as your grappling beam will disconnect, but granted, is generally not a problem.5 - auto pilot can be worse then having a drunk, blind, parapalegic man (or women) with 1 arm and 2 fingers try to drive a car with half a steering wheel through a mine field... (seriously, it will take me in multiple 360 degree circles, then crash me into a station and multiple asteroids, just for good measure, i assume)i'll edit more in when i think of them, but only 5 reletivly minor things to complain about! pretty good! Also, the price is NOT ♥♥♥♥ing 60 bucks, for a BRAND NEW GAME where im sure the moderators will edit on a regular basis!TL:DR: buy it. now. all this game really needs is a little smoothing over, and it'll be a 10/10. as it is, i'd give it 8.5/10 which is pretty high praise for a brand new game! (also, some sort of multiplayer would be cool, at least a co-op, although i have no idea how they'd implement this... just a pipe dream for now). Did i mention it's mod friendly!?P.S. buy it. now... why haven't you yet?"
76561198055461532,Recommended,236150,12378118,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Four Assed Monkey,"Game's damn fun...worth the cash...But how about a salvage beam or dedicated droids that are not one time use ? Shooting at derilicts is fun but a little ""realism"" could definitely contribute to more immersion. Still...I'm having a blast. Mining is actually FUN you have to aim at the 'roids and they give you a very satisfying blast. Being an EVE player where mining was a sleepathon, I can actually enjoy it now."
76561198001894204,Recommended,236150,12384370,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jannix,"I've been playing this game quite a bit the last few days.  Love it!  Reminds me of mesh of the old starfleet command series and freelancer with a dash of X-series added in for good measure.At release, the game is basically stable.  I've not had a single crash to desktop.  It is sad that these days, that is a tall order even for many AAA games.   The developers seem to be very responsive and involved with the community and even wholeheartedly support modders from looking at the game forums.I suspect this game will keep growing in functionality. see a few balance passes and refinements and so on.  But I am more than happy with its current state and am having great fun blowing up all those empire scum! :)"
76561197976498667,Recommended,236150,12404662,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,kael4549,A fun little game.
76561197984367532,Recommended,236150,12406401,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MAD MAC,Good game
76561197998896721,Recommended,236150,12264714,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[WTP].Lumberfoot,"So far really enjoying this game. I am a huge fan of open-universe space games with ship and fleet customisations, but I do not like MMO-games (so unfortunately EVE is out of the picture for me). This game, to me, fills an X shaped void. It really offers a lot of what X3 had, and with some new and fresh ideas because it isn't X! And where the original Starpoint Gemini I couldn't get into because it simply wasn't as good as X, SG2 genuinly is. It is also particularly well timed, I loved all of the previous X games, until they released X reunion, which is probably the most sad, dissapointing and pathetic game ever made and totally missed the point of X and why it was good. I am glad to see that the developers of Starpoint Gemini have worked on, enhanced and listened to what space-gamers really want, and developed something that really fits. I am excitedly looking forward to where they take SG games in the future. I know I am basically saying ""it is the new X"", believe me when I say that coming from me, that is huge praise. If I were to nit pick, I would say that SG2s UI could use a little tweaking, the ability to zoom out on the map and a tool for selecting your own ships on the map and I'd like to see some of the fleet controls from X3 (for example telling a ships computer to go somewhere, protect something or trade something). I would also like to see space station ownership, and more skills and mods aimed at ship capture. But these are not huge criticisms, just where I think SG could be improved."
,Recommended,236150,12265856,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,JavaGawd,Yes. Just Yes! :)
,Recommended,236150,12265677,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[TDA] Rhaps,"If you enjoyed the game Freelancer, then you will love this."
,Recommended,236150,12264191,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,jamesed84,Reminds me of Freelancer. I have been waiting for a game like this for almost a decade now. Definitly recommend.
76561198084273511,Recommended,236150,12259001,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tsar99,Great!
,Recommended,236150,12260522,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Tanhauser,"If you were a fan of the old Freelancer games then this game is for you. There is nothign cooler then sneaking up on your bounty target cloaked then firing a barage of missiles at its critical systems and then hacking the ship while your blasters tear it apart. The combat is engaging as well as the other aspects of the game. It is like a mix of Freelancer and the X series with a very user friendly interface. Fight pirates, trade, explore and everything else you love about a good 4X game. I recommend this to all fans of the genre."
,Recommended,236150,12262555,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,teabagjohn,A must have for everyone who likes space games.
,Recommended,236150,12260968,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,droidgage,I really like the beautiful particle use and the use of accurate space axis mechanics.
76561197972406124,Recommended,236150,13801112,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kacho,Fun little space-sim game. Lot's of stuff to do and it has RPG elements that give you a sense of progression and accomplishment. Check it out.
76561198107790031,Recommended,236150,13793570,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,automatic37334,"I love this game!! Though it should come with a warning: ""Warning, this game will make you lose sleep!"" heh. I've played quite a few space games throughout the years, X3 series, Wing Commander, Freespace 2, Starlancer, EVE, Star Wars X-Wing and more and this one ranks right up there imo. If you're into these types of games I highly recommend checking this one out!Pros:-Great graphics-Epic music-Fun sandboxy type of do whatever you want freedom-Devs are very active and responsive (big seller for me)-Ease of modding (probably my favorite aspect of this game)Cons:-Requires a bit of tweaking to optimize and run smoothly on lower end systems. (Though there are mods that help, and the community is always willing to help with this)-No Multiplayer (but this isn't a factor for me, in fact, it's one of the reasons I bought this game...no griefers, no obsessively overpowerful others pwning you within the first ten seconds of you logging in. And it doesn't take 8 months to be able to fly a battleship! :) )I can't think of too many cons because the devs are always working on improving things, and fixing the few bugs that have surfaced here and there. Every time I think of a con, I find out they've already fixed it!Also, I have never actually published a mod before this game. It is insanely easy to mod...you want to change your loading screen? Easy. Want to change the music? Sure, you don't have to go through some maddening process of decrypting game files just to get to them, and then re-encrypt them using 20 different programs just to do that. Want to fly a ship that looks like a banana? Yep. And you don't have to learn eleventy different programming languages to do that. There are fantastic guides that help as well. And the devs are always around somewhere willing to help. Yea, big plus for me.The sandboxy aspect is a big plus too. Want to just roam around for a bit and blow stuff up? Sure. Want to just mine and get rich trading? Yep. Want to be a wanted criminal with a limited life expectancy? No worries."
76561198019909004,Recommended,236150,13949958,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,noobian,More fun than i anticpated. Reminds me of the Independence War series back in the day. Looking forward to the expansion. Hopefully we get stations and player controllable territories.
,Recommended,236150,13898433,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,peace2300,What can I say. The game is just great!
76561197997308911,Recommended,236150,13916549,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Yzarr,"The good: Great visuals, much much improved interface over the first game, and awesome rpg elements for the role players.The Bad: The 1.2 patch has made the game intolerable to play, as it freezes, Naimly in combat, without fail. Dont buy until update is released to fix this issue."
76561198067793152,Recommended,236150,13809205,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jacklyn Moaco,"For those who love space games, gotta try this one.  Reasons...- beautiful graphics- easy controlls for pilotting ships and for combat-flexibility, there's campaign mode and free roaming,  for now i'm doing free roaming, dont like doing quest a lot-numerous ships from gunships, corvettes, to large battle ships, carriers, ( and great ship design too)-large map-in combat, there's two options, either blasting or boarding the enemy.-can do pirating, bounty hunting, trading, anything, it's an open world, true sandbox...-developers also are helpful, and has great community...For those who are looking for great offline games,  this is a good one."
76561198048060934,Recommended,236150,13541645,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Quoth_the_Raven,"This is (in my opinion) one of the greater games on Steam. For those who are looking for a TASTE of EVE here you go. This game is almost like a baby stepping stone into the EVE universe. While the game does have its flaws as I will state, I believe that this sandbox game has great potental. Now, I will say that I do not believe it is worth $40 just yet. The modding community has yet to take off and you can cheat the game by simply opening your save in Notepad++ and editing the data. Which I believe somewhat cuts the fun out of comparing achievements to other players globally. The missions of hunting the heros are somewhat wonky as well because it seems they jump systems if you watch the map. Just as well, there is a very large difficulty spike in the game that you must prepare for. As you reach a certain level your enemies gain vet rank and you probably have yet to make enough money to even afford a ship that can stand up to them. (Unless you did what I do and stole a ship from the pirates) Now for the positives. This game has BEAUTIFUL scenery. For an indie game, a lot of time was put into this game and its atmosphere. The story and voice acting are a bit stale, but the fact that they are there is awesome. And the story, while being a bit dry, actually does make some form of sense. So kudos! At the start of the game you may pick to be a captain, engineer or another class that excels in firing. You may hire mercenaries to board ships or even follow you in to battle which is what the captains perks stand for. The shooter class perks somwhat speaks for itself. But I played as an engineer as the perks seemed to outweigh the others. The story is the same regardless of your class, but each class has its own specialties with 4 main ""moves"" But those moves have 5 evolutions within each allowing you to alter them as you go to tailor your playstyle up to the max level of 80. There are a plethora of planets to explore as well as tons of ships to purchase and try out. All in all, if you enjoy sandbox style games and as well as enjoy the beauty of flight or space travel, I recommend this game. I also recommend trying it if your thinking about EVE online. This game is a MUCH simpler thing. But it has many of the same aspects as well as can help you decide if you would even enjoy the simple aspects of what EVE offers before you worry about the more complex matters."
76561197978581704,Recommended,236150,13812015,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Joel,"A very cool and enjoyable game.  Not to shallow, not to complicated, just right.And it has Steam Workshop, a huge plus!"
,Recommended,236150,11678863,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Cabobo,"Bar none Starpoint Gemini 2 has been the greatest space trading and combat sim experience I've had since I played EV Nova in elementary school, but I can tell it's going to be so much more than that (blasphemy I know). The developers are clearly involved with the community and dedicated to seeing this lore rich galaxy through to the launch without cutting any corners. As is, I already feel as though I've reaped far more than the value of my initial buy into the alpha and though I know there's far more in store I cannot wait to see what they come up with for story/main missions. Showing my bias again here: I hope they stick with the open universe route they've already got going a la EV Nova with various plotlines to follow for near endless replayability. I would also like to see the captains name and profile photo become customizable, but honestly that's the only 'nit' I have to pick. As I've touched on previously there are a few kinks which one would expect of any game in its beta phase that are being tirelessly identified and smoothed out, so don't make the purchase just yet if you'd rather wait for a finished product. However I can't stress enough how cool it's been to be even a small part of an emerging work of art like this. Seriously, these people deserve buckets of money and validation."
,Recommended,236150,12103076,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,NewTroll,"Beta Review.First off, this is NOT my genre! I'm mainly fantasy (i.e. Wizardry, WarCraft, etc...) I'm much more turn based (i.e. Master of Orion, Galactic Civilizations, etc...) And I normally wouldn't even look twice at a flight sim game. But this game is fun!The game loads unexpectedly fast for being so vast and beautiful. The controls are very smooth (maybe even a bit unrealisticly so) and the hubs feel well thought out. For being a newly released into Beta game, it is very well polished (so far.)As of right now there seems to only be one mostly free-roaming map with little actual story or adventure to it, but even still I'm having a blast just discovering all there is to discover. I feel even with this one map there's still so many more hours (days even?) of fresh gameplay.If the Beta release is any indication of what the end product is going to be, it's going to be one great space game! And if someone releases a Firefly/Serenity Mod for Starpoint Gemini 2, I aim to misbehave."
76561198044719117,Recommended,236150,12115825,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,crash.1245,"So far, I like the game, it is like Freelancer"
76561197970567609,Recommended,236150,12155763,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,keninja,"This looks like its going to be a great game...someday...which is the only reason I give it a thumbs up. I say 'someday' because I sat down and tried to play it today and after selecting gamepad with my xbox360 controller connected, I was forced to watch a series of tutorials that meant absolutely nothing to me because they were referencing joystick buttons rather than the familiar a,b,x,y,etc. They are also not interactive, which is great to help you learn the controllers. Simply saying that A = 'whatever' doesnt have nearly the same benefit as actually seeing what A does first hand. I searched online for an xbox 360 conroller map for this game and also came up empty. I kind of figured out the controller basics on my own. but I soon realized that the mouse has been completely disabled in the game, making impossible(?) to access certain hud elements.  ~scratches head~ Why would they disable the mouse??The other frustrating experience came right after the tutorials finished. I was left to play around on my own, but then I asked myself, now what? There was no nudge in any particular direction after the tutorial and even after landing on the planet (for a hefty fee) and a space station in orbit, I was still no closer to understanding how I should begin my journey. Between the lack of controller mapping info and the non-descipt beginning, I was left feeling somewhat abandoned.Now, I realize this is still in beta, so I think I will just shelve this game for now, until I can figure out how to play it properly. Hopefully with the help of a decent tutorial."
76561198033854084,Recommended,236150,9957770,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Warrior118,"Solid Sci-Fi game! The only real negative thing I have to say is making money. Missions don't seem to give enough reward for the cost of upgrades. Especially when you can just roam in a hostile region and loot your victims and make way more money selling that loot to friendly NPCs.That was the only agonizer for me. Combat system is solid, unless your wanting to be in control of the guns and not use auto-fire at all, that's challenging but in a good way. We're not flying fighters, so piloting and gunning at the same time should be hard.The UI is different but once you get around the med level learning curve it works really well."
,Recommended,236150,12127190,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,WNxWarefare,"Very similar to good ol' Freelancer - great space sim, fun RPG elements, decent trading system, engaging combat, good graphics. Best solo game I've played in a while. Need to play longer for a full review but from what I've seen so far this is worth buying."
76561198007357200,Recommended,236150,12139236,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,1200V2,"I would like to give the marines every help they can get for boarding.So a tab in the inventory for equiping the marines with armor, weapons, shields and mods.Would be a nice adon for this game.The reason for this is that boarding in this game is better than fighting.Don't get me wrong I like shoothing ships it's just that in the beginning of this gameyou try to get a bigger ship as fast as possible. And the fastest way to get a new shipis by boarding. And maybe that is a problem in this game. It is possible to get a big battleshipby repeatedly trying to board the ship flying back to a station for new marines and going back tothe big battleship and capture it. And not only you can get the battleship it you target acaptain with a price on it's head you can get a new ship and a few millions in reward money.Fighting in this game is hard in the beginning of this game. Trying to board a ship and run to a station for newmarines for a new attempt is to easy. And that's a problem.First try 100 crew vs 60 crew remaining = 60 crew.Second try 60 crew vs 60 crew remaining = 50 crew.Third try 50 crew vs 60 crew remaining = 20 crew.Fourth try 20 crew vs 60 crew remaining = 0 crew.Boarding attempt succeeded.You just got a new Battlecruiser. Game is over."
,Recommended,236150,14889916,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Duret,"Freespace-like space exploration/trading game. Very good music and sounds, and ok-gameplay. Just don't play the main storyline; the voice-acting is so bad, it ruins the experience."
76561198010582764,Recommended,236150,10561170,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Di,"Its pretty nice flying around in your ship, doing missions, and killin enemies.Just don't think you can get a different/better ship for a while, for they all cost soooo many credits!"
76561197990892924,Recommended,236150,11490479,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,jam_knott,"Highly Addicative and recomend, reminds me of Homeworld 2 a little bit, love the space views and the ships are amazing, looking forward to the updates"
,Recommended,236150,11598076,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,CobraCommander,"Uhhh. Yeah. This game isnt LIKE Freelancer....It IS Freelancer, just with modern graphics and a different name.  Seriously, this game is JUST like it. It even controlls like it. All of the things i loved about Freelancer, and none of its flaws.If you liked Freelancer, you will like this. I promise.POST OFFICIAL RELEASE REVEIEW:I still love it, except now I have discernable goals to achieve, instead of an endless grind that gains you a bigger ship to make grinding easier to buy an even better ship. The story thus far is interesting, and i have played the campaign mode for several hours now. Ive only done two missions, but thats because i wanted to do other stuff first.This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥STELLAR!."
76561198040687103,Recommended,236150,11606415,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,InGabWeTrust,"If you like space games, sandboxes and rpgs, Starpoint Gemini 2 is the game you are looking for. I don't like buying early access games anymore but, well, I was looking for a game which would answer my sace exploration moods and I bought this.Now the only thing I regret is not buying it sooner.I can't wait for the complete game, this has the potential to become of of the best space game available."
76561198049583367,Recommended,236150,11607897,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,dean_m_thomas,"For a early access game, this one beats all !!!, totally amazing graphics, great addictive gameplay, combined with a very active developer who constantly updates and nerfs all the bugs, whilst still optimizing, shows all what a true and dedicated developer can do!, other game developers take note!!!!. 100% guarantee you will not be disapointed if you purchase this brilliant game......."
76561198036028306,Recommended,236150,12114570,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Patskiski,"An awesome game at this point in time, i have high hopes for it."
76561198106329090,Recommended,236150,32693139,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnasher,"I really liked this game, I played it for a few hours and thought it handled well. I liked the graphics and games style, controls were easy to pick up and the price was good too. I just wish I had more time to play it. I would buy it again though. So should you."
,Recommended,236150,11309714,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Matrix30815,I like captainig my own ship around and having battles too. Like Starfleet to me and much more hopefully will come out of this game
76561198007312110,Recommended,236150,11312968,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,SCTrojanbulldog,"Frame rate seems to be an issue.  I have a Razor Blade if you want to look up the specs.  I downgraded the resolution to more of a standard display and it made a bit of a difference; however, there still seems to be a studder at times.On a side note, you may want to ditch the whole num locations for hot keys.  I can adjust the placement but it would be nice to have a alt+1 type set-up.All said, improve the frame rate or explain how to improve the frame rate and you're all good."
,Recommended,236150,11429001,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,AinsWorth,"Best Space RPG open world ever! ""Not an MMO"""
,Recommended,236150,9607368,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Chopperblast,Great controls. Ease of use menus. Graphic excellent. Looking forward to the final product.
,Recommended,236150,9811960,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,warhammer400,"Good game, though I would really like to be able to use a joystick, and a cockpit view. Also for me, game will randomly go into windowed mode without any way of going back to full screen. All in all, though, it is still in beta, and for a beta, overall playablity is good."
76561198061061882,Recommended,236150,9935308,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Steak,"Despite only being in Beta currently, there's plenty to do."
76561197970905345,Recommended,236150,9983245,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,jefe2061,beautiful game but needs a better intro tutorial...figuring it out is slow and clunky
,Recommended,236150,11459187,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Strykers,"I want to enjoy this game.  I can honestly see all the potential it has.  But I I have to hesitate in giving it a full thumbs up, but it's also not a full thumbs down.  As this is being written during Early Access, I can forgive any shortcomings.  Like I said, I can see the potential.  But try as I might, I'm just not feeling it.To start, I've always loved these types of games and felt they never made enough.  A space sim seems to have unlimited potential, but I prefer to avoid things that require subscriptions and groups like MMOs.  Conversely, I recall fond memories of doing just that in Earth and Beyond, lo so many years ago.  But what I loved most about Earth and Beyond is I recall enjoying crafting my ship and making it mine.  I'd say the same for the Lightspeed add-on to Star Wars Galaxies.  Clunky though it was, I thoroughly enjoyed taking those ship parts I blasted out of enemy ships and hoarding them, finally upgrading when I would get the time and adding it to my ship.  I felt like I owned that more.  Though you can certainly buy different ship parts here, there aren't that many right now, and some of the differences aren't readily apparent.  I can't even easily compare the old with the new.Funny enough, I started drawing comparisons to, of all things, the game FTL.  Though you don't actively fly a single thing, and the game basically consists of just a handful of screens, it does give you the ability to upgrade your ship in a way that makes you feel like you're in control of it.  And while even the upgrades themselves are a simple thing, I never really find myself using the same configuration over and over again because I find random things and random times.  Here, I feel less like I'm thinking on my feet and thinking more about where I'm flying next (fun, yes, but limited).Similarly, again, Early Access-itis: you get plopped into the game and are told nothing.  Zippo.  Sure, the tutorial is there, but it's not interactive.  It tells you what to do on one screen, then you need to close it out to try it, and  then reactivate the tutorial screen to move on.  Very clunky.  On the plus side, the controls feel pretty good and are easily customized, and yet, for it being space, it feels rather tight.  Granted, it's a game, so not everyone wants to sit there and patiently watch the seconds tick away, but it almost feels too quick.  It is space, after all.  If only to hammer the point home, once I figured out how to get where I was going, it didn't seem like I had to do much once I got there.I also wonder about the items you get.  They don't seem to have much more purpose than to provide you with money.  And while that's all good, it also seems very limited.  Okay, I've got a cargo hold full of all these different things...that don't have anything special about them other than how much money they fetch you.  Then what?  Wash, rinse, repeat?  I could see where  the full game, story and all, would provide more substance, but I would hope it's substantial, because right now, like I said, I don't feel ""at home"" in this game.  I don't feel like I have a reason to be out flying, that my ship is no different than any other NPC ship flying around, randomly doing things ""just because.""So, like I said to start, I can see the potential: it looks amazing, the controls are customizable and feel natural, and there appears to be a real desire to embrace the mysteries of space.  Unfortunately, things feel like they move real fast, that customization needs to be greatly expanded to get some real tinkering done on ship, and that I'm not just moving from A to B to A again.That said, I eagerly await more content and gladly support the game."
76561198050856777,Recommended,236150,11527302,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,thezale19,"Ship blew up from radiation damage.  10/10 enjoyed being environmentally nuked, would play again."
76561198014746455,Recommended,236150,9676073,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Yeshua,"GREAT GAME!  This blows other open-""world"" space games (Evochron Merc, X: Rebirth, etc.) out of the water as far as fun and dynamics go.  You don't have to grind too much to make geat profits.  Want a new ship?  Find one you can beat, board it, capture it, captain it, then work your way up the food chain.  Environments beautifully done, as well as artwork on the ships and weapons effects.  Combat is very tactical and lgical, taking into account where your weapons are placed and requiring you be at a certain azimuth to fire from them (left side, right side, front, back), so it takes some thought and power management during battles, especially when against tough ships.  I definitely recommend!"
76561198006341158,Recommended,236150,9719434,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Numpty,Great game.  Can't wait to see the finished product.   I find that the money is not abundant enough to buy new ships.  Also have not been successful in boarding.  Still.  Played tons of hours and have been really enjoying it.
76561198063975201,Recommended,236150,9783217,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,M4XHavoc,One of the better games I have played.  I like the battles.  would like to see incockpit joystick fighter style and better trading info but all in all its good fun.
76561197972308063,Recommended,236150,9860392,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Chaz,"Excellent game even at this stage of development - it's potential is fantastic.  At present there are only basic things to do but more are coming.It has parts of many games such as EVE online, Freelancer and the X series but it also has a good amount of it's own content as well.  I also strongly recommend you read the tutorial as it can get a little confusing until you get to grips with it.Great game - Strong Development team what more is there to say! :)"
76561198103098133,Recommended,236150,9869477,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,BlastedB1800,A very wide variety of long range travel and seeing different ships. excellent and made with one of the best designs in space battles and free roam. This game is visually beautiful. Well done.
,Recommended,236150,9916616,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Xiupan,"This game is everything I ever wanted in a space simulation! :D I love the options the game gives you on how you want to play and fight. You can choose to focus on maneuvering the ship and let the AI or officer fire at the ship (a la Star Trek), or you can fly and shoot yourself (a la Freelancer). The contextual menu makes learning this game easy! If a multiplayer option is added later, this would be the perfect space sim. Move over X: Rebirth, and make way for Starpoint Gemini 2!"
76561198039330088,Recommended,236150,9943330,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Judge Ted,A bit confusing at first and the missions aren't very clear so I had to read up on it. Getting use to the controls after playing start conflict and it would be nice to be able to straff up/down as well as left/right.
,Recommended,236150,9664282,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Mercnet,"Nice little space sim so far. Can't wait to see what the story is like, but what they have so far is pretty fun. Trying to capture some ships and get me a carrier."
,Recommended,236150,10133753,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,I like it so far.  Many games with this genra/theme coming out now.  But this game so far is the best with Kinectic Void 2nd to this game.  The other ones are clones of Elite and Pioneer.
76561197961031133,Recommended,236150,10245435,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[T-SuB]John_hmstr,Particularly for a beta this game has potential and is quite fun to play.  3rd person space combat/trade/mission based good time.  check it out.
76561197960399534,Recommended,236150,9674244,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tabris,Pretty awesome little gem with lots of potential.
76561197970487295,Recommended,236150,9944272,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,crsone5,Excellent balance of the best features found in other games.  Lots of attention to detail evident.  If you are even slightly interested in sci-fi space exploration and rpg  then you will not regret giving this game closer look.
76561198058137649,Recommended,236150,9954560,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,McM4gus,Nice open world space simulation RPG with lots to do. Beta version is a bit unstaple and crashes a lot.Best space RPG on my list at the moment.
76561198010177451,Recommended,236150,9960374,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,dessnr,"This game, with or without the coming release of Star Citizen, is more than a welcomed member to the Space Game genre.  Whilst it is in it's BETA stages at the moment, it is already a lot of fun and as long as the creators of the game seek to balance it's world economy as best they can, make the univerese as big as possible and keep the game as flexible as it is, this is the game that will become Freelancer meets X2/3.  I'm reasonably new to the game and I am not sure if you can have ships that are trading for you in an automated fashion like in the 'X' series of games by Egosoft, but that would be nice.  I'll write another review when the game is complete.  Keep up the good work."
76561197979779412,Recommended,236150,10037818,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kaiphus_Kain,"Awesome game, can't wait for the storyline addition, so far its perfect, great fun, looks fantastic."
76561198017958414,Recommended,236150,8436999,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,orsonwelz,Very nice for Alpha but not quite ready for prime time.  I'll wait it out before doing more stick time.  X3 at this point is better for play.
76561197976063825,Recommended,236150,9744279,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,CynicalFade,"good visuals and conceptneeds more work on combat, not very reponsive manuveringgood for a early release"
,Recommended,236150,9782773,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,VJ90,"This game is amazing. Didn't really expect much of it, but it is crazy addictive, think a funner more fast paced verison of EVE online withough the endless mining, and single player."
,Recommended,236150,10806493,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Randzy,Really fun space sim love the way allied ships sorta show up and large battle form out of nowhere but you really need to be able to build your own fleer out of the other ships you own and I wish someof the other ships were cheeper it took me a solid hour to buy my first ship and it sucked worse than the one I was given.
,Recommended,236150,11617527,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,morales2k,"I love space simulators. I've played quite a few, but this one is particularly engaging. I enjoy the notifications a lot, it's like having one more person in there... It still seems a little pointless to have so many factions and no plot questline that directs one  across the game (yet). The dev guys do put effort and listen to the players and that is really cool. I am looking forward for a lot of awesome stuff from this game."
76561197970803909,Recommended,236150,11987870,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dammage,"I'm really enjoying this.. Nowhere near the learning curve of the X series games(which I enjoy, but they take a little bit of time to get into, and they are more of a career, than a game.)Fun space combat, not too hard to start.  This game has a good start and an amazing future!  Well done and thank you!"
76561198026076328,Recommended,236150,12154310,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Stormrunner52,"Good game, my only comparison is the X3 TC and Abilion.  Has modding and good dev participation on hearing what the player likes and would like to see in the future.  Will be out of beta soon but has a good growth patential."
76561198001847205,Recommended,236150,12155260,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,SunofVich,Becuase you are the captain of a ♥♥♥♥ing spaceship yo.
76561198067920815,Recommended,236150,9692753,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,albionknightofpendragon,I just bought the beta of this game.  Its got some brilliant little additions to the first one and seems to be graphically superior to the original.  There is a problem on my desktop in that the playing screen doesn't automatically resize to fit my screen.  Its too large so anything on the right hand side isn't viewable when I try to play the game.  I had to guess with the tab button until it cycl;ed through which is how I was able to play it.  I recommend supporting this game however as its lineage is very good and I can see in what little I could play a really good game.  I shall be here for the long haul.
76561198012539171,Recommended,236150,9917941,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Dark,Only played for a couple of hours and you need to keep in mind it is still early access but very fun so far. If you are fan of the other you will not be disappointed. Looking forward to what they have planned down the track.
76561198116761411,Recommended,236150,9958810,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,speedster90,rough ended but going in the right direction
76561198013478640,Recommended,236150,7786026,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SlowDeath,So far so good. I would recommnd the game to play even in Alpha state. No crashes or game breaking bugs discovered after 5 hours of play.
,Recommended,236150,11762547,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,An,Why you need to spend your oney on EVE every months when you can pay for this game only once.
76561197967704269,Recommended,236150,12114883,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Pleasant Participle,Quite addicting. Very smooth gameplay. Nothing else like it on the market. I hightly recommend.
76561198098166376,Recommended,236150,11457546,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ringwraithking,this has got to be the best early access game on steam
76561197993133147,Recommended,236150,11699758,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Spicer,"seems good so far, cross between old privateer and an x game. how x rebirth should have been"
76561197970389945,Recommended,236150,8395729,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,varg,PEW PEW SPACESHIPS
,Recommended,236150,9936728,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,Fix the performance issues and you will have a damn good space game.
76561198007655159,Recommended,236150,9967850,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Irishthunder,"Very fun game, however just free mode is available.  Still worth it though. Huge map, large selection of ships and customization"
76561198133539631,Recommended,236150,9976552,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Darkmakerr,"Realy good game , has alot of potential when its finidhed"
76561197996899739,Recommended,236150,11695475,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sharlatan,"Well. The game itself looks quite attractive though it might at first sight be frightening with all the panels and buttons involved in the gameplay process.  But u need only 1 hour or a bit more to get used to it and comparing to good old X series the controls are VERY simple. The gameplay itself is quite fun but has some issues still. For example while doing ""taxi"" missions and stuff like that which is like 1000-10000 credit reward i managed to encounter a pirate that attacked me near the station. Thanks for the help of allied station system pilots i shot him down(though he was trying to run from me) and got rewarded with 8000000(!!!) credits. Which makes the other missions which i have to do in order to get exp absolutely silly regarding the reward they provide. And also there is still no main campaign task available (at least i couldn't find it in any menu). So the game is just a free roamer. But i hope it will get better. Music in game is decent. Overall i would rather recommend the game than not."
76561197969562437,Recommended,236150,12169373,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,FrostyK,"If you loved Freelancer you will love this game.  Its really just a lot of fun.  Some hard core space sim fans might call it arcady, but frell/frack them.  This is just simple fun."
76561198077168978,Recommended,236150,12180108,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,meglon978,"For decades now i've sought to find a replacement for the simple pleasure that was Elite.  I've played, or tried to play, 5 or 6 now that had that promise, yet failed to live up to it.  If you're in the same boat, then let me put this bluntly.... you will love this game.The controls are easy to learn, and very responcive.  Combat is intuitive, mining and salvage easy to understand, selling, buying, repairs...everything that a player could want all placed on top of great graphics.THIS is the game that finally lives up to being a succesor to Elite.  If you fit the bill, buy this one... and prepare to be pleased."
,Recommended,236150,9512618,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,lolmister3000,nice game can't wait until the real version comes out
,Recommended,236150,9675600,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mogami76,"Starpoint Gemini is a fun & well executed space sim. It has plenty of eye candy to keep your retinas glued for hours at a time. The controls are very intuitive and familiar yet has the customizations available for the pickiest space simmer. While I am still only in my 1st ship, the game has kept me coming back for more."
76561198003784273,Recommended,236150,10001963,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Captain Eurostar,"Fantastic game, must for any RPG fan"
76561198051849192,Recommended,236150,9879261,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,rubinofstorms,one of the coolest space sims i have ever played needs a litle bit of work thou
76561198015448679,Recommended,236150,9958928,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,LoCeD,worth trust. seems to be missing things though lilke a market system. When its out of beta maybe?
76561198039279649,Recommended,236150,9960866,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Skunk,"In its Beta form this game has a lot of potential.  I love how you always seem to have something to do.  In a sandbox game, this is key! I don't know if it is worth the 18+ dollars as of yet.  But, if done well, this game will be worth much more in its final build.  Now, back to my soul stealing engineer!"
76561198080436460,Recommended,236150,12104904,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,oX_Dragonoff_Xo,This a amazing open space sandbox. It seems overwleming at first but its really basic once you get your bearings and controls down. I reccommend this to anyone that loves space combat or SiFi in genral. Plus with Steam Workshop the potantal of this game is massive. Its like EVE but without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥players.8/10
76561197965285141,Recommended,236150,12156660,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Frizzank,"First off I want to say I am really enjoying the game.  Unlike some space games, most things are strait forward, and I don’t feel the need for a spreadsheet full of stats just to progress in the game.  SPG2 does this rather well without feeling like its dumbing anything down.  It really feels like a modern take on Freelancer, which I thought was a fun game as well.The progression through the different levels is strait forward, but at the same time your profession choice seems to be inconsequential.  I wish you were given the profession choice after your first level up, so you could see what play style you actually preferred before making the permeate commitment.The camera movement is a bit wonky with no real free look option.  Instead you have a sluggish turret cam that you can manually aim your guns with. Ironically I rarely use to aim since my guns work much better on auto-fire, so I just use it to look around.The fire arcs for the guns are a neat gameplay mechanic but their representation in 3d space and on the 2d stats are hard to visualize. Often I think I should be hitting an enemy when I turn my camera to find out they are actually below me and outside my firing range since I don’t have a gun down there.There is a wide variety of ships and weapons in the game, but you are left up to your own exploring to find out what they are and where they are sold. This seems a bit odd to me since the market place has a great mechanic to show you what, and where the best prices for trade commodities are, but none for ships and weapons?The universe is large and has a good feel to it without feeling like your traveling through light-years of nothingness.  Every once and a while during PTE (Power -To-Engines) an enemy ship will drop out and take a shot at you or you will see an anomaly to scan and many other random events.  This adds a lot of fun and excitement to traveling that many games turn in to pain wrenching boredom just for the sake of realism.You have plenty of choice as to how you would like to play, pirate, enforcer, trader, miner or just the storyline.  The missions are varied and while there is the occasional grind it is rare and in no way feels necessary for progression.  Also with a large universe there is plenty of places to explore and room for several playthroughs without getting old.To sum it up I think it’s a great game that has a lot of replay potential.   So if you like the space game genre and would like a fun, non-hardcore game to jump in to, Starpont Gemini 2 is awesome choice."
76561198007209535,Recommended,236150,11303865,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,"Pros:Great looking gameOpen worldRobust trade and equipment optionsInteractive and seemingly hardworking DevsMods fully supported, and a Steam WorkshopCons:Gamepad not fully intergrated, yet (should be soon)The many factions do not seem to be different from each other in meaningful ways, like behaviors, ship designs or tacticsUniverse appears less lively than it should, meaning not much trade activity or transportation, which makes the game world appear lifeless//Still in beta of course, and can't wait to see the final product//Compared to the X series:Not sure if you will be able to build your own stations and such, or if you can manage a fleet like X,.Slower combatFar less restricted flight..no need to use gates for each ""room"" or area, so free roamingOverall: Well worth the buy if you enjoy space sims"
76561198046722204,Recommended,236150,9659383,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Chocpoo,"Wow, suprised! This game was actually dang good! The reviews werent wrong at all. Its very similar to the X3 / X series of games except without the headaches, no laggy menus, no shoddy UI/maps, basically its everything that you wanted X:rebirth to be.. almostIts not the best game in the world, however the developers are hard at work polishing this title into a true gem. Its esentially flying around in space doing rpg-like stuff and creating your own armada/fleet and waging war.  Theres a few small issues and bugs left to be fixed and some features that will be implemented in the future, so this title has a bright future ahead of it, even though its worth buying As-is.  Theres moddability in the game itself so im sure the modding community will be able to fix/implement what the devs do not. The devs are actually active on the forums and not just to censor creativity and announce p2w and microtransaction garbage.If you like RPGs, buy it, support it, who knows? This platform/title could have a VERY bright future ahead of it.  This is probably the only Early Access title that isnt a rip off out of the lot.... And that's coming from one of the most virilent critics of the early-access system, so you know its for real."
76561198005135502,Recommended,236150,9930000,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,cbmech,"This games has tons of potential. It has decent graphics, good game controls, easy to learn and best of all, it's pretty addicting. There are three character classes, different type of ship classes, different kinds of ships within the classes, four different weapon types and tons of missions to do in sandbox mode.  I've been playing as the gunner,  especializing on weapons systems,with the ability to adds different bonuses to the weapon system of choice. My weapon of choice being rail-guns.It's up to you how you want to play. You have the option of playing as a pirate, enforcer, bounty hunter, miner, trader or a freelancer (combination of all). How effective you are doing each type of job depends on the ship, the combination of skills you select as you increase in experience and buying a license. License determine how much money you will receive depending on what the license is for. For example, a mining license will get you more money when selling ore, a police license will reward you with moneyfor everykill, and so on so forth. The point of it all is to make money, so you can get better ships and better gear, you know, the same old formula that keeps us coming back for more.  Overall I really like this game and if you are a fan of freelancer and games likes these I dont think you will be disappointed. The best part? It's only  going to get better."
76561197982652554,Recommended,236150,9931976,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Bonquita Brown,Unpause fonction on starmap would be nice if not already in game or proposed. Awesome game on top of that
,Recommended,236150,9955365,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TrashHat,For an early access game this is a gem.Quite fun once you are used to the camera controls and while the current missions are all pretty much one of a few variations I look forward to further development and added depth.
76561197972213054,Recommended,236150,9963706,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,stuffit25,"great graphics, good little fighter game at present seeing that its a BETA, cant wait for the story mode to come thought"
76561198009287858,Recommended,236150,11777227,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,CommanderEcks,"I have constantly shunned the games that say ""We are currently building our Beta version... blah blah blah."" As these game companies often move into the vapor ware that we all so hate.  Knowing that; and knowing that I have been seeking a great 4x game, (I just KNEW that one was out there somewhere), I purchased this game in the Beta 0.8 state.Now one might expect a lot of bugs and CTD from a large scale game like this.  With the small additions coming evey couple weeks I would expect the same.That all being said: 8/10 in its current form.I find this game amazing for a number of reasons.  The 4x aspect of this game is in place and you are allowed to pick ""free fly"" mode and just enjoy.  Fully armed pirates will come try to kill you, and you have to defend ships that ask for help if you are in the region.The speed of some space sim games have put me off, you know, the three minutes slowly flying to the jump gate or what not.  Well SG2 gives you the ability to max out your engines with the push of one button and cruise wherever you want QUICKLY.The speed of gaining levels is really great, you feel like you are doing something after you start killing pirates.  Getting an immediate advantage, then leveraging that advantage to kill more raiders and bandits.  You level up quickly because the max level seems to be above 70.  With several hours in I have reached level 15 and have an amazing 2.8M credit ship.  So you can play for a short period and feel great about the results.  But please note, this easy mode still allows for the chance that bandits get fed up and come to kill you.  I have been ambushed 3x and killed them only once... died in a burst of flame the other two times.  Love it, cannot wait for the story line."
,Recommended,236150,8407629,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SpunkMonkey,looks like it will be good once it's finished
76561198086136450,Recommended,236150,9535825,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,will.jones0104,"SO far very good, only played a short while. As you can expect of a beta game there are problems and as i have seen so ar it does not yet have any form of main story line. One problem i have encountered is that somtimes not all of my weapons will fine only my laser beams not rail guns. I dont knwo wether it is me doing wrong or a bug but im sure if its a bug it will be fixed"
76561198027575396,Recommended,236150,10021978,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dirty_Jackal,its a Amazing game and i enjoy the fighting the exploring but i must say some ships are too High on price and should be reduced but all in all i give it a thumbs up
76561198021351083,Recommended,236150,9925135,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,siddhartha_gotama2,great concepts. Just picked it up and it has a steep learnign curve. Its like X3 with easier controls. The complexity of the game coes from its lack of guidence on how and when to use all the tools set forth for newcommers to this game and games like it.
,Recommended,236150,19411866,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,All_Hail_Yoko_Taro,"Pros:-spaceship battle-lots of content-cheap on sales-nice design-decent graphic-fun progression near mid-end gamecons:-some weapon system and player class seems less effective than other ( IMO)-early game grinding is boring-end game money income is ridiculously easy, when hauling enemy ship for sales, is huge and sometime feels like cheating making money.-boring end gameFinal-Still think this is a good game, time consuming, and a game of this type is hard to find this time around. spaceship geeks, try it!"
76561197968783854,Recommended,236150,9717006,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Red5x5,Awesome game can't wait to see what's next in the beta
,Recommended,236150,9840867,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Phoenix86,"This game is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!I had the original and thought it was pretty good but was missing something, Starpoint gemini 2 has got it all, cant wait for the storyline to kick in as its only on freeroam at the moment, one thing though is that i would prefer to go to a station and pick a mission and it show me the coordinates to the mission but hey it is still in beta so good things to come i think."
76561198029087148,Recommended,236150,9922605,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,devfriends82,interesting game....something like X-3 and freelancer....but with more details to it..the only problem is it keeps on crashing...and there should actually be a proper tutorial..its more like learn on the fly..but overall a good game ..please fix the crashes..the moment i cross some sector any random one it crashes..looost a lot of experience and time like this..
76561198013957255,Recommended,236150,9936342,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Turkey,I would like quests to be a little more interactive
76561197962564928,Recommended,236150,9958040,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Chi_Townz jr.,"Great game, huge universe so far, just installed it a few days ago and plan on playing it for some time. Since I just started haven’t gotten into it too deep, still learning game play, but so far so good"
76561198085806161,Recommended,236150,10052850,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,aaronfritcher,Awesome game! Excellent graphics for the lightweight application running great on any computer!
76561197977100099,Recommended,236150,9965241,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,ebop,"Unfinished, but looking great so far.  You can only play in freeroam mode right now but they are adding a storyline for final release.  If you have liked freelancer, you will love this, it's pretty fun as is, but the devs are working on making it awesome.  Runs good and stable haven't had any crashes or anything either."
76561198127549286,Recommended,236150,9980422,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,stephan.kruger,It would be great if more in depth and detailed training could be given on playing the game. It would also be pretty cool if docking to stations and planets was animated and actually looked like it was taking place :)
76561198063857991,Recommended,236150,28861171,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,misterd77,"great game with a lot of modding potentiala lot of content here, and with a lot of factions, freeroam, and campaign plus dlc, so really a lot of variationmods are nice, as are the dlc campaigns, and the mods can be dlc specific.you soon get used to zipping about, and you can play it so many wayspiratesmugglerfaction backerbounty hunterarea patrol/faction waryou can control upto 3 fighter wings and 2 escorts.titans are super warshipsRPG style tech and skill treesFull trade systemLoads of ships, equipment and weapons to pick fromFaction system.I play freeroam, headhunting and taking on entire fleets with a 16 turret dreadnought and 3 fighter wings plus 2 escorts can be a demanding and intense experience, some wont like the effort required to get to the large space battles, but its worth it for the eye candy of two fleets duking it out, also the locations and variety of ships will want to make you explore each sector, to uncover more of the game loadout and the massive rpg elements to this game, as for the campaigns and dlc, that adds hundreds of hours to the gameplay offered, so its worth investing and exploring, especially if the game is offered on discount.The mods do add another dimension to the game, especially the visual and hud improvements, extra missions, scenarios and campaigns are all available, as well as extra ships and other treats."
,Recommended,236150,13729679,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,thesawolf,One part EVEOne part FreelancerThrow in a dash of Mass EffectShake Well.Voila.. Starpoint Gemini 2.
76561198093774595,Recommended,236150,33494151,Posted: 12 July,all,Austyn,Great game one of the best space games I have found so far.
76561198000623977,Not Recommended,236150,33563746,Posted: 15 July,all,Surgo,"I so, so, so want to give this a thumbs up, but I can't in good conscience.The core gameplay is solid and, for what it is, fun. There are many other reviews that go over that; read them to get an idea of what the gameplay is like. The problem is that the game doesn't give you a reason to care.There are simply not enough roleplaying elements here. The story is boring and there's nothing to actually make you immersed. As a result, the gameplay reduces to grind for no payoff. What's the point?This game now has a sequel, Warlords, that is supposed to have many more roleplaying elements. Go consider that game, and skip this one."
,Recommended,236150,1801638,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,The Hound,Pretty good so far!
76561198017120606,Recommended,236150,12296209,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,targen,"Was really scared to buy this game. figured it would be one of them never updated games or never finish. I was wrong, they have keep there word on this game and really put everything togather so far couldnt ask for much more its every thing a space ship junky could want in a game. differnt types of ships and all the extras you threw in with carriers dreds and so many more keep up the work guys!"
,Recommended,236150,12395826,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,🐦 Braviary Mike 🐦,This game is so addicting!! Definitely worth the price!
76561198032840947,Recommended,236150,12396776,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Queenpin,"addicted so far. ran into a bug: 2 quest after starpoint, had to reload the mission because i strayed too far. gave me the option to freeroam or restart quest. restart must have failed because i dont see the main quest marker anywhere. 7/10"
76561198016154609,Recommended,236150,12452736,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bacardi(S|N),"If you've ever played Privateer or any other Wing Commander game, this is very similar. It looks prettier, has less depth at the moment but the devs seem dedicated enough to keep supporting it. I started playing in Alpha, there wasn't much to do and hardly anything was implemented. I stopped for a while, played again after release and was pleasently surprised at the progress made. Seems like some things I had suggested during Alpha were actually changed. I honestly didn't expect this much progress to be made. If you like flying around, shooting stuff, looting cargo and completing missions for credits to upgrade your ship, crew and NPC ship buddies than this game is for you."
,Recommended,236150,12296618,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DragunFyre,"This game is basically everything I wanted Eve Online to be. Endless open universe to explore. Grab a ship, fly around, and explore the galaxy. Everything from fighting pirates (or being a pirate) to endless Freelance missions to help you acquire a nest egg to build your interstellar armada. On top of it all, the game is gorgeous.Incredibly enjoyable space exploration."
76561198026932320,Recommended,236150,12389662,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,U.N. Owen,"This gem is somewhere between the X series (vertical learning curve) and Galaxy on Fire 2 (my dog plays this game) in terms of difficulty with some of the best combat in any space game I've ever played.  SPG2 may not have any entirely new concepts or features but it has taken a lot from past games and the end product does all the little things right.  Ultimately this game meets the same fate as Skyrim, a giant world that is unfortunately only about 5 feet deep.  While I have absolutely no regrets throwing out $28 for it, I can't help but feel this game will be so much better in a year thanks to workshop support and a dev team that truly cares about their B - level game.  While the voice acting is pretty bad, It isn't House of the Dead 2 bad so it's playable, other than the voices the sound is pretty good, I could wish for a few more effects and songs but that's just nitpicking.  The one thing I truly don't like about this game is the faction system, if you do assignments in the Trinity sector your reputation goes towards lawful...Which means all lawful factions like you more, the unlwaful (pirates) well, they never liked you anyway.  If I do things in the Trinity sectors I want perks in the Trinity sectors, not halfway across the solar system.Unlike most titles I am actively looking forward to DLC for this game, which I'm hoping will greatly increase depth.-Throw in some: player built space stations, automating a freight company that I have built/stolen and funded, faction control, and territory conquering and this could truly be something special.8.5/10"
76561198080064070,Recommended,236150,12391463,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DreadxRaven,fun when ur bored :)
76561198050683458,Recommended,236150,12394594,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Robin of Spiritwood,"8/10 Free Roam Space Sandbox.Limited to one ship at a time, like Elite or Freelancer, but the options are very wide.Uncloak and Pirate hapless enemies, Haul freight, Mine, Smuggle, command a Battleship with it's own fighters like Galactica, explore space with an independent powerful Cruiser with beams & torpedo loadout- it's all possible.Collect Troopers at planets & stations to build up a fighting space marine force, and take over enemy ships!Huge spaceship selection, and storage at stations make collecting your own fleet a long term hobby. Limited customizing possible on the visuals, but you can spend time tinkering with engines, cloaks, weapons loadouts, transporters etc till you get her exactly how you like.Random missions in Freeroam mode give you a foothold on things to do, but they are entirely optional. You can switch sides, and support any faction you like."
76561198005204954,Recommended,236150,12422753,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,[WDZ]R@gnaroCker,"I'd recommend this game, but it still has a few bugs to work out. So far I had a graphic anomoly where almost evr=erything went black and apparently invulderable so. Then a lock up towards the end of the mission ""Empire's End"", and that was a tough fight to get stuck on. Frustrating. But it's a good game. Since it's just got out of beta, the devs are still working on ironing out the kinks."
76561198030174309,Recommended,236150,12296357,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,stoney77788,Ok so as some other reviews i have seen i have to agree with this is like an EVE OFFLINE with a little of the old FREELANCER thrown in to the mix it is totally open ended which is great would definately recommend this game to anyone.
76561198046313732,Recommended,236150,12296906,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BETA 7,"Great game, needs lots of fixes at this point"
76561198007774131,Recommended,236150,12390122,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,databus,"After playing several hours this is a game the likes of which I have not seen since the 90s as far as how it draws you into its universe.   Very intuitive, addictive, and fun.  Worth the price if you like games like Freelancer."
,Recommended,236150,12296286,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JimmyJamNYC,"If you are waiting for Elite not to cost a millsion dollars, this is a good bet.  Buggy a bit, yes, but I've had amazing adventures and so much fun.  Warning, Misssions at level 9 can appear much more dangerous than they seem."
76561198065610609,Recommended,236150,12437809,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lyriah,"Where to start... The game itself requires some minor polish, mainly in the balancing sector, but it's already at a very good/stable state otherwise. There are various tasks to do inside the game, such as exploration, boarding ships, mining, trading(These do still need balancing.) and ofcourse, the campaign mode and pewpew fighting.The game is fairly complex, once you start getting into it, learning to fly and maneuver different ship classes, the firing arcs of various ships, finding fighting tactics that work for you and your ship, the enhancement system... And for those who get bored quickly after having played through the storyline, which did happen to a lot of players in other games such as Freelancer, you do have a nice amount of achievements to hunt, some of which aren't exactly easy to accomplish. Nothing is stopping you from hunting down the ""Heros"" either. ;)The community and the devs are active and communicating a lot, which reflects into the product and the pace patches, fixes and balancing attempts are coming through. There are plans for an expansion and DLC, which will further add to the amount of content in the game and ofcourse, the community made mods, which will be the crowning jewel of this game. The tools might not be fully functional yet, but as soon as the game itself is at a state where the devs and community are happy, the tools will be recieving some much needed love.A lot has been said about the game in many of the reviews, but here's another list of just some of the features already in the game and some which are being worked on:Already in:-Boarding Ships.-Working Campaign.-Lots and lots of ships.-Weapon/ship system enhancement.-Trading.-Dynamic events which effect item prices.-A large amount of space to explore, which can also be further expanded.-Lots of different factions.(Which will also get some more love in the future.)-Freeroam mode for those who don't wish to play the campaign.-Mercenaries to act as your backup.-Blueprints.-Working collision system.-Cloaking!-Heroes to hunt,-Mods.Planned/in the works:-Player owned faction and base(s).-Dynamic struggles for power/regional control between factions. Once this is implemented, every single playthrough will be and feel different!-Expansion/DLC.-Modding Tools.(Currently some work, some don't. Somewhat prone to crashes.)-Improvements to the HUD and other elements of the UI.-An entirely new ship class.(Larger, naturally. Bigger is always better!)... and the list goes on.If you aren't a fan of space sims or dislike games with emphasis on exploration, this might not be for you, as there is no MP in the game to increase its lifespan. However, if you do like what you've seen/read and can get past the fact that there is no MP and that the game relies entirely on mods/expansions/DLC to keep breathing fresh life into it, then this game just might be a perfect fit for you. Atleast I've completely fallen in love with the game."
76561197992121541,Recommended,236150,34718931,Posted: 3 September,all,Commandante,"It's good basic space trading and fight game and as pointless as life itself. While traveling between distances you can check your social media account,read book,listen music or radio,clean your room,call a friend, have shower etc...If you are unemployment it can be your job captain."
,Recommended,236150,14894855,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Liam Nii~San,"Bought this game during early access, those times were disastrous, bugs and errors everywhere. However, major updates have polished the game significantly.Gotta love the new ships from the DLC, they look awesome!!!Recommend this game for those who love open world/system and captaining your own ship!Woot! Woot!"
76561197997971531,Recommended,236150,15915950,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Forzian,"If you like Freelancer, you will like this."
76561198083191139,Recommended,236150,24567546,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,filmoret,Worth checking out.  Play origins first because its the original game on the new engine.
76561197994935075,Recommended,236150,24808872,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,dasquick,"Fantastic, I played Starpoint Gemini 1 and enjoyed it but wow this is complete upgrade. One of the best space traders available. For those who love Eve Online but have real lives outside of gaming."
76561198029169818,Recommended,236150,22189915,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Earthroot™,"Great game, only played a few hours so far but every minute of it is awesome. Anyone that remembers Independence War 2 will find a great game in this. I have yet to play the campaign, opting instead for the freeroam mode and while it took a few minutes to get on my feet I have found loads to explore and do in a galaxy that is filled with friend and foe alike. Good graphics, smooth controls, easy to learn interface, and lots to explore and do. If ya can I highly suggest ya check this one out."
,Recommended,236150,22193646,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,HaywardGB,"Excellent graphics.Good sandbox mode.Too many space battles.Needs less space battles.I can't find anywhere in space, without getting into a fight!I'm not a people person, I just want to be left alone, in space!Unless you're a Kerbal, if you're a Kerbal please come and say hi!"
,Recommended,236150,22203852,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,lacranora,"At the time of this post I have about 2 hours in the game. Just what can I say about this game that 2 hours of game play has shown me?It is fantastic.Simplistic it is not, yet it is at the same time. If you were a Freelancer fan this game gets pretty close. It is not perfect, but being that it comes from a small group of people with a small budget they really rocked this game. The graphics are good, lower end computers should be able to run it without issue. The sound is great and the soundtrack I have not turned off yet and that is saying something.Campaign or free roam. Don’t feel like doing the campaign anymore go wonder off and blow something up. Want to make some money go bounty hunting. Want to get rich trade some goods. Want to pick a fight do it.This game is an 8/10 pretty easy. For those of us that have been missing Freelancer it really fills the gap rather well."
76561198056603371,Recommended,236150,22230727,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,algizteiwaz,Good fun.
,Recommended,236150,22384387,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dietrich,"I wrote this review in January of 2015 on Metacritic.  I thought I posted it to Steam, but did not.  This game deserves a review.  Here's a copy/paste of my former review.  The game has only gotten better through expansions.I am a Star Citizen backer. Want to know a dirty little secret? I love and crave 3rd person space games. En route to searching for something to fill this desire, I came across this game. ""A Steam sale?"" I asked. ""Twenty-four bucks?"" I blinked. ""I spend that on 2-3 drinks at a restaurant with the wife..."" So, I plucked this one out of the Steam shelf, downloaded and started playing. Eight hours later I looked up and saw it was 4am. ""Woah..."" The next (read: later that) day I dove into the Starpoint Gemini 2 Community and learned I was late to a really cool party.Did you love Freelancer? Are you craving a 3rd person Space game? What are you waiting for...? Pick this gem up ASAP. There are few games that are so worth your money that you'll want to encourage others to purchase, but this is certainly one for me. In a day when space sims are seeing a great resurgence, it's refreshing to see a game that's not afraid to be 3rd person and give the player a bit of a relaxed take on space.I feel like a Malcom Reynolds, flying around in my ship, always with my eye on a new shiny, but lovingly holding onto, in my case, ""Big Red,"" until the time is truly right. There's dangers around every planet, but I've got a crew, a purpose, seemingly endless space to explore (certainly more than my limited time allows), and a ship. There's even a fun plot-line to follow along as you make your way in the galaxy--or don't; whatever--it's all up to you.I can assure you that if you want a rewarding, relaxing, and immersive (but not taking itself too seriously) space game, this is it. I give it a 9 (I'd have done 9.5 if it let me) because of the somewhat outdated UI, and the graphics are not the most polished. That said, the graphics do not detract from the game too much and again, it's sort of a breath of fresh air of late with the Elite: Dangerous's and Star Citizen's of the world.The development team has their ear to the forums and though I am new to the scene, they appear to be largely shaping the game around their community. It's mod friendly, and seemingly more so as time goes on, and there's already some great mods out there. It's much of anything you want in a fun game.Cheers."
76561198288403124,Recommended,236150,24879149,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,narzzfates,"i actually like this game very much,.big space to explore, changing ships, leveling up, taking quest, easy to control (compared to X series imo) etc,.althought trading goods is not really my forte, i just sell all the misc items i got from pirate and others. The only problem for me (i dont know if others have this problem) is that, the game will suddenly minimize if I let it be for some minute and i cant open it to continue. I will need to close it and open it back, quite stressful if i were in the middle of nowhere with no planet to save my journey and suddenly i have the urge to use the toilet"
,Recommended,236150,25804938,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dipshit,"What can I say...The voice acting is bad.The story is mediocre.The economy is not alive.Ways to make money are not balanced.Cargo space is far too limited even in freighter type ships.Ships are not really balanced in their own classes, much less beyond them.Every ship turns like an oil tanker with its anchor down including the light gunships and corvettes.Ships in general feel a little small. It's hard to tell a battleship from a corvette at even a relatively close distance. You need to be in molester range to see the difference.Most of the systems aren't explained even though there's about a billion tutorials in the first hour.Tethering a captured ship is painfully boring what with not being able to use PTE else the grapple breaks so I hope you captured one next to a friendly station and not one deep in hostile territory.Overall...I give Freelancer 2 a 6/10. It could have been much worse."
76561198047614029,Recommended,236150,15906281,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,piratefreedom13,My Logitech extreme 3d pro joystick worked fine in 1.4000 even tho it wouldnt detect the throttle in the options it still worked ingame and yesterday it updated to 1.4001 and the throttle only works when put on joystick/gamepad mode but then no mouse. Wtf. Ive tried to overite the cfg but even tho ingame in the options it says the throttles mapped ot still doeant work unless in joystick/gamepad mode and i get no responce for help and all im told is its being implemented...again wtf ot worked fine...why mess with it
76561198023931587,Recommended,236150,22196997,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,rda1009,Interesting game. Still new to it but entertaining so far.
,Recommended,236150,14572035,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,0-Fenix-0,"Highly recommend this for a good Space RPG. Seems to be running stable. It's got a tad bit of grind in good RPG fashion but still has that solid space sim feel to it. Much like Freelancer. It seems emphasis is palced more on efficient captaining (This is the RPG aspect, with abilities and consumables) than direct combat skills although it does allow you to manually aim and focus fire.So far I really enjoy it. The story isn't as enthralling as a story driven RPG like the Witcher, but hey we're a mighty space captain who goes around blowing up everyone around us and stealing their loot so it doesn't matter much anyway. Did I just describe a space hack 'n slash, yes I think that's what I'd call this. The story gives you some primary goals to focus on while exploring the game and shooting up the place ;3"
76561198040407767,Recommended,236150,7791809,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,wyld_card,"i have read the reviews and played the main scenario to its conclusion. and played a while in the open life goes on scenario. the reviews which criticize the game for its problems targeting and firing completely ignored the options. there are single keytokes which allow auto targetting closest enemy,closest object, fire primary weapons, etc. however they are not in my opinion logical. i recommend setting up your own hot keys through the options first. the voice overs are clearly russian, and the translations don't make for easily understood english. and the limited tracks make it useless to try to play with volumn on at all. the ships are easy to control and fun to use in a fight situation.Overall it deserves higher than the ratings it gets. It is a fun game to play for a while, but loses its appeal eventually. probably a good week of enjoyable play, then move on to other games."
,Recommended,236150,18242626,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mistokus,"I am mostly a multiplayer gamer, love COOP, most multiplayer games, however there are some which are fun offline, of course, and this is one of them. Unique gameplay, easy controls, especially when you're mostly committed to mouse and keyboard style gameplay, Haven't played in a while, though I haven't played much of anything lately; landscraping, as opposed to computer work which I've done for 20+ years, these days, am just tired when I get home from work, though if I didn't have a wonderful woman, cooking amazing food and keeping me enthralled with her ways, I'd probably game more, and before long I'll be back gaming and doing computer work. I love to work out-of-doors, but my skills are strong on the side of the technical realm. Back to the game, It is not too complex, don't get me wrong, I love complexity, but Starpoint Gemini does require quick thinking and reaction; observing it evolve through updates / patches since I bought it in the spring of 2014, the developers seem pretty intent on making this game something to speak of and they are certainly not ditching their creation, unlike other devs I've seen veer away from working on a game, not keeping to their promises.I recommend this game, for sure, especiallyl at this sale price, $10.49 as of September 28, 2015. For this price you absolutely cannot pass it up. To me, it is one of those games, I'll pick back up on, finish a few missions, upgrade my ship and be content, looking forward to playing again to utilize the new hardware and getting a feel for the upgrades and their impact on gameplay.Cheers to the devs and all who enjoy the style of gameplay."
76561198030888162,Recommended,236150,24662172,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Crucyble,"Good game.If you get Aethera and Titans DLC, i recommend getting the Titan last, as once you pilot a Titan, the rest of the game is trivialized."
76561197978406355,Recommended,236150,25397573,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Beeper,"Loved it! I loved that computers aimed my turrets. I loved the progression of ships, upgrades and mission difficulty. I never had to capture ships for money like some people seem to think is necessary, because I only bought a new ship when the old one couldn't survive the fight anymore (even with shield boosters and damage boosters), so I was able to skip corvette and never needed anything more than destroyer.  I also looked up the ship differences online so I bought the best in class for my fighting style.I would have loved more:Ability to buy a system to shunt energy distribution to 100% engine when activating PTE.Ability to buy HUD system to see tactical info on current target, even if it's behind me.Someone to buy 50 artifacts.Ability to buy more equipment slots, for non-combat equipment.I reconfiged Skip Dialog to the period key at the start and it never worked. Had to sit through some dialog while retrying a few tough missions more than I wanted to."
,Recommended,236150,6054805,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Murddraal[IRQ],"Обсуждаем на ЕГ:http://www.elite-games.ru/conference/viewtopic.php?p=2980780Кратко от меня:Для начала, как и следовало ожидать от альфа-доступа, оно все глючное. Зависает по собственной прихоти, не убирает окошки с экрана, всплывающая информация иногда представлена в виде странного набора цифр.Переработали интерфейс и управление. Теперь у нас космос трехмерен и управление похоже на, к примеру, Фрилансер. Проблем не возникает 8) Все стало более очеловеченное.""Спеллы в космосе"" остались.""Фриланс"" подбирается на карте - вышел на нее, кликнул на значок, ознакомился и взял/отклонил миссию. Патруль (пострелушки), сканирование аномалии и т.п.Можно копать, можно не копать. Астероиды.Товары в ассортименте.Общее впечатление скорее положительное, нежели отрицательное. Но все попытки чего-нибудь основательного прерываются зависанием - так что нормально пощупать не получается."
,Recommended,236150,12281671,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BaZomic,This game is a must have if you love Freelancer!
76561197998573742,Recommended,236150,11346430,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Nephtys,"Do you remember the space sim Elite, or perhaps Freelancer, or the X universe games?If like me you have been looking for a new game to scratch that space sim itch, then look no further than Starpoint Gemini 2.Though still in Beta, this is already a very polished game with most of the content needed to get a good feel for the finished product in place.The game allows you to roam freely and explore, with multiple factions and dynamic missions, ( a campaign mode will be added for release ) there is already plenty to keep you occupied for many an hour.The game also has a great community following, with regular contact from the dev team at LGM who are very willing to engage with the players and to listen to their input.If like me you have been disappointed by the recent offerings in the space sim genre, then get yourself a copy of this game."
76561198089492079,Recommended,236150,11682701,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,SpecterCody,"**UPDATE**(9/30/14)The game is now at full release. I will break the game into categories below and comment my opinion on them.(+ means positive, * means neutral, - means negative)Gameplay:+Fast, exciting and action packed combat+Plenty of ship customization+Controls are fairly intuitive and easy to use+Plenty to explore and collect+Moddability*RPG style progression (skilltree and leveling)*Unrealistic physics makes things easier to play but undesirable to some*No multiplayer-Limited to 3 class choice on start of new game, cannot change later-Unrealistic scale of universe (mainly planets and stars are WAY too small)-No docking animation for stations-Occasional crashesStory:*Typical story, nothing special-Bad voice acting/racial steriotypes detract from story-Some missions ""vanish"" from map meaning you must load old save to continue storyGraphics/Sound:+Good quality graphics and visuals+Good sound effects and music overall-FPS takes a large hit during a few mission scenes or large battles-Aforementioned poor voice acting-Visual bugs with space background images (visible ""skyboxes"") are occasionally seenOverall Impression:This game has been quite a fun experience coming from a fan of RPG style games. The level progression system and skilltree coupled with a highly moddable ship means you have a reason to keep playing and improving. You are able to pilot anything from a tiny gunship to a powerful carrier but do not expect to be a fleet commander. Emphasis on is your ship. The story gives you a reason to play but it is not where the game shines. The most fun to be had is exploring, lucrative bounties and close encounters with tough enemies. Its a shame the game crashes on occassion and the story has some bugs. These things will hopefully be ironed out soon."
76561198002581688,Recommended,236150,12141041,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,zoneman,ok but some of the missions are boring
,Recommended,236150,9602192,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[GoD] Alyas Grey,"Hey, I happen to like Starpoint Gemini 2 quite a bit.The game reminds me of Freelancer with the relatively simplistic, but still very satisfying combat.  You have your typical guns of various types, potentially including turrets with a 360° field of fire...  and a selection of quite useful torpedos/missiles.I haven't gotten very far into the game yet, though...  so I can't say much about how the faction system plays out, or anything on purchasing new hardware.  I still STRONGLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME for anyone who enjoyed Freelancer or anyone who finds the thought of an open-world space sim with an emphasis on combat."
76561197974927515,Recommended,236150,11318481,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Steel*Faith,"This is my early access review - I will change my review for the final product.If you love the Sci-fi and the adventure of exploring space - particularly Star Trek, Babylon 5, or Star Wars - you will absolutely love this game! It's truly a unique space sim/rpg experience, and this is the first game that has done justice to this genre I believe. The universe is your sandbox, and you're free to do whatever you want - trade, mine asteroids, hunt down criminals, or take part in space battles - take command and boldly go into the beautiful, yet dangerous, reaches of space.- So far the graphics are excellent; the art style is beatiful; ship designs are unique, yet they will remind you of your favorite Sci'fi. At the moment, I'm flying a ship that reminds me of a Tau Empire or a Homeworld Kadeshi ship - love it. Being able to customize and design your weapon systems, costmetic look of your ship, and having access to a wide range of various kinds of ships, is the best feature of the game for me. Working to get that special ship you always wanted - whether it be a large Carrier class that can launch swarming fighters/bombers; a massive heavily armed Dreadnought armed to the teeth with Missile Launcers and Rail Guns; a swift Gunship or Corevette, decked out in Plasma Cannons; or a stealthy fighter class with cloaking - is all possible for you here.- Music is atmospheric, and fits the setting perfectly - although, I would like to hear an extended soundtrack in the finished product, or post-launch.- Combat Missions are fun, and Space combat is the by far the best part of the game. Scientific explorations; Repairing Space stations, Science Vessels/outposts, or even Space prisons, is a nice touch to fill in the world, and make it feel like you're in a living universe. Although, there is need for more variations in these missions; though this is early access, and there is still more content in the works to make the universe feel more alive, and give you more to do as you explore.The game may be early access, but it's very well made in every way so far - I can only imagine how good the finished product will be. The Developers are the most friendly, and helpful ones I ever came across; they're transparent in their work on the game, and very open in sharing ideas with fans and are open to suggestions and feedback. This is a top notch game in it's genre; and both this game, and it's fantastic devs, deserve your support. Starpoint Gemini 2 has an exciting future, and I'm glad I've taken part in it's journey."
76561198011268398,Recommended,236150,8902134,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,seron,"A real good base for a better game. Still has a lot of work to do on it. Cruse mode needs to be a little faster, turning quicker, engin kill and thruster turn better, more interaction on star bases vers planets, ect.. Very good start on Grafic's. Better money on harder missions. Overall good game but could be better.          Seron"
,Recommended,236150,12309941,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,don_jmartinez,"This game is the spiritual successor to Freelancer I've been waiting for since 2003, but with everything I wish Freelancer had. Starpoint Gemini 2 is an absolute blast. Once you get going, it's rather hard to stop. My girlfriend has had to pry me away from the screen several times. The dynamic economy, fun combat, and RPG elements make this an all-around awesome game. I highly recommend getting it!"
76561198022344864,Recommended,236150,21649909,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DickTater,"it's ok--a little repetitive and grindy but there are much worse games out there in this genre.  However it is no Rebel Galaxy--a game u can probably buy for less and is much better.   But if u like the space games, it is a good buy on sale but not for full price"
,Recommended,236150,12325610,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,DarkMellie,"I'm only an hour or so in, but already I have that feeling as with many games I've loved over the years. Love the size of the system, love the campaign mode, love the visuals... combat is great fun and the addition of expendable modules is really clever.The Fleet isn't that well expanded on, I don't quite understand how best to use them or how to upgrade them.The way you access menus is fantastically intuitive, I didn't need a tutorial (which come thick and fast without any real sense of being anchored to what you're doing in-game) to reload weapons or move cargo, the buttons were just... where they should be.EDIT: Three hours in and still loving it. Worked out a few more of the game mechanics (loving the tactical overlay which you have to manually map, I have it on left-shift) and realised that I don't have a fleet yet! The RPG-lite elements are great, incremental improvements on all sorts of things means you have to really put some thought into what gameplay you want to get involved in. At this stage, unsure if it was wise to go with campaign mode, I think this could be even better in pure sandbox."
76561198130478194,Recommended,236150,9914303,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,sandyice61,"THE ICEMAN,HERE,THE GAME IS SICK NO JOKE,MAKE SURE U TRY IT,AND GIVE IT A GOOD RATING !!!"
,Recommended,236150,9932695,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Celticalpha,just buy it
,Recommended,236150,9971423,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Vector,"[Please note: I'm reviewing the Beta, played a few hours so far]You liked Freelancer, you like the (working) parts of the X-universe?You like to cloak your ship, sneak upon enemies, beam your crew abord and capture their vessels just to sell them at the next starbase?Then you should consider to buy Starpoint Gemini 2. It's just the far better game in comparision to the newest X-Game (and it's a little cheaper I guess).It's kind of different as well: you can slide your energy to different systems on the fly (i.e. shields and weapons), you can upgrade your ships systems one by one, you have a decent skilltree as far as I took a look and the performance is good so far -at least for a beta, what you really should have in mind. If you are willing to take a second for the game to load in new sectors the game runs just fine (on my system at least: nvidia 760,8gig,phenomII).Can't really say anything about trading though. I'm not much of a trader, but there are plenty of ships, stations and so on in which you can buy and sell stuff. What hits me is the option to smuggle: you got illegal stuff from the pirate you just blew up? Smuggle it on a planet and make some profit! :DWell, let's talk about the downs as well: Sure, there are some missions. Kill that, transport that, press a button to repair a station, look for a vessel in distress and so on. But there is quite a lack of background to me. Sure, nice music does a lot, but I didn't run into any NPCs/dialogues so far.______I strongly recommend the game at this point, I really did not regret to back up the developers here like I did with the newest X (yeah, you see, can't even remember it's name....aww god, I hate it so much xD)."
76561197982746769,Recommended,236150,945179,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,B4Marc,After playing since alpha stage I enjoy every bit of time I can put in.The developers took seriously the community's feedback...and won!I would rate this as a gem :)
,Recommended,236150,11317441,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Starscorcher,cant wait for the main storyline campain to be implemented so far this game just keeps geting better and better
,Recommended,236150,11325737,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Alywyn,"My fir day of playing, so far, no bugs. Game appears to work smoothly. Only when changing into a new zone is when I see a slight delay loading screens."
,Recommended,236150,8167713,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Str3loK,damn epic space sim
76561198009771839,Recommended,236150,8897237,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rendin,so far  its ok
76561197970841526,Recommended,236150,11327377,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,jeremycbias,I love this game can't wait untill it has a story mode!!!
,Recommended,236150,9436344,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Xivia,"Yo its like freelancer sorta...Good ideas, needs a bit more work, its pretty much go here and do X the spaceship tale."
,Recommended,236150,9921110,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,n3vyn,Buy this game....Now!
76561198010814981,Recommended,236150,12111313,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hitsuke,"Enjoying it so far. Looks good, good mechanics and I've only just scratched the surface of just how big it is."
,Recommended,236150,12134280,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"I really enjoy this game, the community is active and there are mods that work well. The current missions get repetitive. It looks so pretty!"
76561197971877162,Recommended,236150,7380776,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Asses of Fire,Beautiful visuals combined with an amazing soundtrack set in a sandbox universe fully explorable make this space sim a must have for Freelancer fans as well as newbies to the space genre.
,Recommended,236150,12471290,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Larry Wong,Fun space exploration! Woo!
,Recommended,236150,12473379,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lychondy | The1st,This is what X wishes it was.
,Recommended,236150,8100345,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,JohnMC,neat
76561197989965395,Recommended,236150,18886588,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Angrypencils,"I'm giving this game points for being the only Early Access game to actually get released within a reasonable amount of time and actually feel like a finished game upon released. In an ocean of developers stealing money from consumers, this is something legitimate for once."
76561198194053939,Recommended,236150,22281842,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,steevan1000,"it's a highly recommended game for space simulation & spaceships fans.i have played over 10 hours, not a moment to of boredom.controling your own spaceships & rush into space combats, killing pirates & be a bounty hunter, take part in save & rescue mission to be a Hero, blow up asteroids to mine for various minerals, be a trader between planets & stations etc.One of the best open world space simulation game i have played in 20 years."
,Recommended,236150,19344484,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,maturin7,Pretty good Freelancer type Spacegame. Updating your ship is addictive and it is full of missions (though random) and interesting stuff. Balance is kind of an issue as trading earns you much less then fighting and auto-aiming is much better then manual fighting but the game works very well and offers a lot of content.
76561198004047191,Recommended,236150,22167031,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Galcian,"So yes, you are the captain of your own capital ship in this game and its lots of them. Lots of customization and improvements to your ship. Large galaxy to explore, many quests. Graphics are beautiful. Really like this game! Its sort of freelancer inspired, but you use capital ships instead."
76561198027281708,Recommended,236150,25254347,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hraug,"After a bit of time with this game; there are a few things to say about it.  First of all the controls get a bit to get used to.  The game play can be a bit daunting at first, but after a fashon it ends up adding to the total game experience.  The Steam workshop mod support is quite extensive and can create a completely unique and individulized experience.  Is it a true AAA title, no, is it a bit different and fun to play yes."
76561198004225700,Recommended,236150,12087242,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Garben,haven't played this since first early access and shaping up to be a great gamecontrols took a little to get used to on mouse and keyboard - having to switch between steering and selecting boostsgraphics quite nicefeels a little like eve with the open options you have to make moneystill cant figure out if missile launcher recharge rate is shown somewhere and a few bars look like lie they mean something at the bottom of screen im not sure ofshould point out not gone through all tutorial so may explain some of thislooking forward to the campaign being added
76561198013014564,Recommended,236150,14909239,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Petr Nevecny,"Had fun till I got one of the best ships, weapons, officers... then I realized not much of a content for endgame and shallow rpg elements. But was fun getting to that point.."
76561198085603945,Recommended,236150,19973786,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kako_Kako,More of a Freelancer game than a X-series game. More combat heavy and less 'build a empire'-ness. Nice little game for your need for a space stuff fix.
,Recommended,236150,22228136,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Vashnik von Shinra,"Game sometimes crashes on Windows 10 for no apparent reason. All requirements are met or exceeded, with the exception of using Windows 7 or 8.Aside from the occasional random crash, game has a nice EVE Online feel, which is something I have been looking for. Once you've gone through the tutorial, the game becomes easier to understand and play. Something I have not been able to figure out how to do and that doesn't seem to be explained, is capturing a ship. There doesn't seem to be a tutorial that covers the basics on how to go about doing it.The downside to this game as mentioned above is the lack of ""capturing"" tutorial and the occasional crash on Windows 10.If you're into space-themed games and want to pilot a spaceship or you're looking for a good EVE Online alternative with a focus on singel player, give this game a try."
76561198023757658,Recommended,236150,18206915,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,LoganMalone,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is pretty interesting so far if you're played Freelancer, or any trade, explore, fight, pirate type of space game."
,Recommended,236150,22172436,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dagdorval,Really good game. general comments here cover the pros and cons. worth grabbing on sale!
76561197962794603,Recommended,236150,12320954,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Wingnut,If you liked Freelancer than you'll like this. It's essentially a sandbox space action RPG game.
76561197982195564,Recommended,236150,8858169,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SuperOverdrive,"I prefer a male Voice of the Commander, by setting up all Engiens on overdrive for FTL, or incomming warnings by hostiles. It is a cool feeling to hear the actions of my handling and commands to the crew. The next thing is animated Backgrounds on Spacestations and Planets, maybe with little flying ships and people."
,Recommended,236150,19580460,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,RazorSharp,"Overal : 8/10 GOODLet me say one thing. The best Space Simulation RPG  on 2014.(Ps : Maybe Rogue Galaxy 2015 has the idea from here hehehe)The only weakness is the freeroam kinda boring, but that's why it's a sandbox freeroam.so i can forgive thatmost of all, the overal for this game is Goodfor anybody love space simulation or star wars or star trek, i recommend u play this game when it's on sale.there is a MODS for star wars Ships and such."
76561198063365585,Recommended,236150,15515248,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,The_Q,i cant play this for very long.. its fun for an hour then i cant play it for a week
76561197982989481,Recommended,236150,12100653,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,awsome one of the best i played
,Recommended,236150,19277855,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,dzx,"The game was enjoyable, but don't expect anything amazing from it. I come from playing EVE Online for over 9 years. I thought this would be a nice offline version, it wasn't. If you do find yourself playing this game, abandon the story line. Just play freelance and the DLC is a waste of time.Pros:Open worldFlexible marketMultiple ways to slow make moneysLots and lots of quest (every time you load the game new quests are generated)Lots of ships fit different command/combat stylesCons:Voice overs, they're comically badStory line, it sucks and is hard to follow. It made since in the end, but it must have been written by a 3rd grader.Bugs ruin the emersion (Random effect get stuck, ships explode but keep flying around)Some cut scenes have voice overs, then the voice overs just go away, then comeback.....wut?Oddly enough, every character you ""speak"" to in game has a different accident. This bugged me more than it should."
76561198014320274,Recommended,236150,22495991,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,kingsleer,semi-afk trading! this is what i wanted from EVE years ago
76561197976977595,Not Recommended,236150,30042172,Posted: 19 February,all,Grygges,"Tutorial is awful, just a bunch of help pages on each panel. There's not a lot of information on what to actually do. Voice acting is a joke. No clear direction in the campaign. Controls are awful, both with mouse and with controller. 2/10 do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,236150,18987305,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mustang,"A strong realisation with a bland story. Buy at $5-7, not at $40"
76561197981478085,Recommended,236150,16994429,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Erei,"If you enjoyed freelancer, you'll enjoy SPG2. It's not Xsomething were you can build an empire, but it's a very awesome space sim, were you fly capital ships and pewpew bad guys. Or 'roids.Pro :-very beautiful-nice music-open world (open space ?)-lots of stuff to do-big ships. Like carriers. I like carriers.-very nice devs, that listen to the community, is very, very active on the steam forum/official forum, and overall nice guys-a free DLC (a very large one). The other DLC is for a fee, but add lots of stuff, and they had a free large free patch alongside it. It's more than fair.-a very nice and helpful community.-may sound stupid, but I don't think I've seen 2 station that looks the same. Everything is unique, and it's awesome.-technically, that's not the game itself (beside planets background), but the artworks are gorgeous.Con :-story is meh-voice acting vary a lot, from good to terrible-RPG part is limited, no hero customization for story mode, no choice and impact in the story whatsoever...-no cockpit view. I don't care much, but for some it's an issue. But then, we are flying capital ship, so I guess the cockpit view would look like star trek or battlestar galactica, IE a bridge."
76561197973401091,Not Recommended,236150,18306208,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,humbrol2,"i WANTED to love this game, but i cant. Its a great start towards a game but there are a few items holding it back. depth of play, lack of fleets(the games idea of a fleet is hiring a few ships to follow you but you have little to no control over them) you cannot purchase ships to be under your direct control etc . Even the menus allude to controlling more ships but they arent in game yet Im hoping withfurther updates some of these features will get implemented"
,Recommended,236150,22218054,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,sagagt505,EVE OFFLINE.
76561197995397248,Recommended,236150,18806770,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Keyne,"Super fun game.  Took me a while to get into it, but its fun.  If you liked the x series, Indy war, Rebel Galaxy etc this is great fun.  The atmosphere is great with a nice feeling of exploration, opening new sectors, finding derelicsts, enemies, etc.  Its open ended in a very assesable way.  Also, being captain of capital ships is a lot of fun with turrets, large weapons, crew and marines.  Super fun to capture other vessels by deploying your marines (best way IMO to make money early on).  Tons of fun stuff to do (mining, exploration, cap ships, smuggling, missions, etc.), and I haven't really played the campaign other than the first couple missions.  Also, the community is great and the developers are very hands on and make changes based on feedback.  Highly recommended."
76561197966799301,Recommended,236150,7700989,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Deathcoy,Solid 4x space sim in the making. Good potential due to Devs who listen to fans.
,Recommended,236150,16376240,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"A very fancy version of Freelancer clone, with very high end graphics and eye candies.it's fun and entertaining, good story line."
76561198028693259,Recommended,236150,12529718,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,marggie,This is a great game. but you must  have to  good PC!!
,Recommended,236150,12481573,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Percopius,Oh yeah...
,Not Recommended,236150,22466113,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,stvly,Not a fan.
,Not Recommended,236150,22225306,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mr.Toad's Wild Ride,"As a long time lover of freelancer and the X series i figured i pretty much had to give this a try, I can't say I'm not dissapointed. The whole feel of controlling your ship feels terrible the heavy/light weapon system fels arbitrary and stupid. Tasks as simple as docking are somehow more complicated than even in the X series and every ""feature"" in Starpoint feels like anemic versions of its competitors."
,Not Recommended,236150,15297693,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ashen Rex,"This is a relaxing space opera.  It has a lot of elements from several different genres.  It has space combat, mining, trading, and a whole spectrum of possibities to play it.  It is mostly relaxing, but can be fun and intense.  Is that an oxymoron?  Maybe.So, why do I not reccomend it?  It is broken.  It crashes about every 20 minutes.  The screen just goes blank white. The game is still runing, but the screen blanks out and you cannot do anything but kill the program and start from your last save point."
76561198109524563,Not Recommended,236150,14826487,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Anmyous,"Did you like Privateer and Freelancer?  Did you read the reviews comparing this game to those, as well as Outlaw Star and other anime classics?  Don't believe them!  I did and I regret it.  If you like tutorials that are either outdated and no longer have any bearing on the game, or ""tutorials"" that are nothing more that a summary of key bindings, this game is for you.  (By the way, anyone who points out the shortcomings and is desperate to learn how to play the game they just bought are often derided as 5 year old simpletons in their tutorial forums.)Combat system is a joke:  The manual controls are wonky and attempting to manually control flight will send your ship into endless oscillations and fishtails.  If you let the computer take over this function by using the fire at will command, the ship stands still and shoots randomly at enemys off the edge of the screen, occasionally getting a hit but never resolving combat.  (I tried this, walked away for 1/2 hour, came back and it was still randomly firing at the same enemy with no real damage to my ship or theirs.)Don't care about combat and want to be a trader?  Good luck!  When you try to go somewhere, you are ambushed and drawn into combat, resulting in the frustration loop that I described above.Feels like an Alpha.  Despite what the developers say, this game is unplayable.  It has too many rough edges and still needs alot of work.Don't buy it.  I did and I regret it.Spend your money on X3, or some other legitimate franchise."
,Recommended,236150,23846560,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,O0Donut,This game take a little bit to get into but it is a blast if you love space games.
,Not Recommended,236150,25916572,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BroDator,Not my cup of tea.+ Open World+ Large space sectors+ Okay amount of ships you can play- Casual : Giant class capital ships flies like an F16- Repetitive : Random generated quests with very same flavor- Dull : play the campaign and feel of dull it is. It's like just adding cheap voice acting and scenes to the freeroam modeI still trying to find good reason to invest more time in this game.
76561198027883730,Recommended,236150,12940608,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Baron.Samedi,Recomment
,Recommended,236150,12986046,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,crash (kyrv),It's Okay.
,Recommended,236150,19314624,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shin,"After a few hours in freeroam I feel like I've experience enough of Starpoint Gemini 2 to review it.First of all, this is mostly a classic space sim when playing in freeroam. It's mining/trading/mercenary grind to get better equipment and ships but it has some differences - there's skill points and experience levels, which is nice if you enjoy playing RPG's (I do)You don't start in fighter class ships. In fact - you can't fly the fighter class ships. You start in a Gunship class ship (or above if you have the DLC's). Your crew can man the turret hardpoints for you, and you will want them to. They are perfect shots every time. The turret AI is *very* good. You don't need to concentrate on weapons except to line up for heavy weapon shots, which are ammo limited but deal more damage per shot than your turrets. But....you probably won't even have to use them.Starpoint Gemini 2 has a problem if you're a pilot who knows basic concepts of space sim combat. If you can assess firing arcs, manage shield energy and experience in MMO type skill buffs, normal difficulty is a relaxing grind even if you take assassination missions 6 to 10 levels above your level. Most enemy ships don't have cloak scanners, so you can drop out and unleash hell with an undetected approach and take down ""Deadly"" and even with a little luck ""Impossible"" targets.This is a bit of a shame as this game wants to force you to fly combat role ships. I haven't seen ore freighters or transports. You can seemingly only buy Gunships and above with military kitting. Mining/Trading is viable but the cargo holds are disgustingly small and the mods that increase them in the workshop do not work with the DLC. You can not upgrade cargo capacity. If you're a frieghter captain your best bet is to get something with the biggest hold in the class which is marginally bigger than the rest and prepare to make MANY trips to and from asteroids and debris fields. Which is also a bit strange - asteroid and debris fields are EVERYWHERE, and you can't take advantage of it.Unfortunately most of the modders seem intent on putting in ridiculous godships instead of addressing the lack of civilian vessels. I usually like to play as a frieghter captain, in my game now I'm just a mercenary taking contracts well above my level for the massive increase in EXP and Credits.Overall I'm very pleased with this game. It's very underrated. I can expect I'll be putting many many more hours into it, as I have with X. This isn't Starpoint Gemini 1 for sure, and it's not the mess that is Star Wolves. It's not X either, but it's a better game than say Tachyon or Darkstar One and a nice alternative.Haven't played story yet. Not sure I will.Also this game and the Rebel Galaxy soundtrack works very nicely together.10/10 Exploded a frigate as a gunship by exploiting cloak and firing arcs."
76561198027988407,Not Recommended,236150,16801586,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Rumsfeldian,"The game itself if phenomenal, and can be played for as many hours as you have to give it. Unfortunately you have to restart completely now and again, as every single save game past a certain level becomes corrupt with 100% accuraccy. You can't collect all the ships, can't amass a fortune, can't get deep enough to experience all that it might otherwise have to offer.Buy it on sale, worth $5 for the game play, maybe."
76561198060293556,Not Recommended,236150,13712991,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Achaemenid,"Another space ship game which I love but this particular game is very shallow. It has a boring storyline and a bunch of missions, all very similar, which you need to run over and over again to get better ships so you can run the same, but tougher, missons over and over.Gets boring fast and I would not recommend this game unless you just want a few hours of space ship shooting. And dont be fooled by the variety of ships in the game. They all handle similary to each other and the size difference between the smallest and the largest playable ships is barely noticeable. So a gunship can fly side by side to a dreadnought and they are pretty much the same size. The dreadnought is maybe 20% bigger, that's it. So dont expect epic capital ships battles, you wont find it here."
76561198007072709,Recommended,236150,31758907,Posted: 14 May,all,Genghis Jap,Awesome game. Managing your ship is done just right. The voice acting is terrible though. A piece of advice when you buy it (and you should) be carefull which mods to install. Most are outdated and can mess up some little things in game.One again a game with titans.... glorious!
76561198025330524,Recommended,236150,12657038,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sparhawk122,"I'll go on to say that if you enjoyed Freespace 2 or similar space themed games then you will find yourself immersed in this game. I will also add that the game requires a decent PC for the optimal smooth gameplay experience. In Starpoint Gemini 2 you get to upgrade and purchase ships as well as level up your character. There is a story ark mode available and freeroam option where you can try and emulate a raider, trader, mercenary and more. Combat in this game is extremely satisfying and blowing up combatant ships nearly never gets old. Even though this game is slated as a finished product the developers are still adding in more functions to add to the replayability and longevity of the base game. Plus all those Steam Workshop mods add to the overall experience if you want to mix things up a tad. Overall I rate this game a 7.8/10."
76561198018659517,Not Recommended,236150,15430381,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shubidoo,"A Freelancer-Style Space shooter with little rpg and the illusion of a sandbox.The main problem is... there is nothing to do. While the universe is huge, and filled with stations, orbital bodies and spaceships... everything is very generic and becomes boring quite quickly.Player interaction with the universe is rather pointless, things like trading and ""mining"" are not profitable enough to even bother with and almost all actions have no consequences for anyone. So, after a while you end up capturing random ships and towing them to station for sale, over and over again, because its the only way to actually make enough money to buy the higher tiers of ships.The gameplay is messed up so horribly, that a couple of patches will not turn this into a great game.Basically... just stay away from this game.Unless you can pick it up for less than 5 bucks. It'll do for an afternoon, but nothing else."
76561197989707460,Not Recommended,236150,14538491,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,halifax,"Fun at first, but a little more shallow than you'd think at first blush.  The combat is good, the graphics are good - but it will start to feel very repetitive and boring long before you discover/uncover the whole map.  At least it did for me.   For the asking price, I was expecting more gameplay depth.  It's a $35 game for the combat and graphics with a $15 game's depth of core gameplay mechanics?  That's my take, anyway.  Take with a grain of salt."
76561197976974586,Not Recommended,236150,29308048,Posted: 16 January,all,Aequitas - Glit,"Extremely disappointing.Game disappoints with lack of story and direction, it's purely grinding to fight higher ""levels"" of ships.I'm also disappointed that I played past the refund amount.Not worth it, I'm still looking for an EV Nova followup."
,Not Recommended,236150,12876383,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Awaiting Death,"Firstly, understand that although my review will say I've only logged 9 hours on this game, it's more like 20 because I played a lot in offline mode.This game is beautiful, both visually and with the music. But other than some eye candy and a few atmospheric soundtracks it doesn't feel like it has anything else going for it. Saving up for better ships is a slow grind, and combat becomes repetitive quickly. Once you get the better ships all you really accomplish is the ability to throw some more bullets/lasers at people at some different angles, but gameplay never fundamentally changes. Stronger enemies are just like the easier ones only they have more health and higher damage output, but you fight them all fundamentally the same way. The enemy AI is terrible; they have a self-preservation instinct akin to plastic ducks in a carnival shooting gallery. Killing enemies ranges from extremely easy to just downright tedious, but never feels challenging.The universe is clutterred with interesting stuff (real space doesn't have objects this close to each other) so there's no shortage of places to explore, but there's no real incentive to explore anything. One region might just be another solar system but with a blue nebula instead of a red one and the asteroids are made of some different resource.I'll give this game an alright/10. It's fun when you first pick it up, but playing for long periods will make the game stale quickly. I'm at a point where I want to play this game, but I just can't stomach flying around in space shooting at the same pirate ships to travel to some samey looking region- not for more than maybe 5 minutes at a time. I feel like there's nothing to do in this big universe the game presents.Hopefully the mod community will be able to salvage the game so I can feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198048200800,Not Recommended,236150,12277024,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pankacz,"I was expecting something similar to Freelancer as people were mentioning it in their reviews. Boy was I dissapointed. (how is this game getting great reviews is beyond me) This game is an unfinished sim with a mediocre combat mechanism. I wish I could get a refund. I will keep on playing since I bought it, but if you want to try it, either wait for demo or serious price drop."
76561197982497309,Recommended,236150,19679426,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FOX[S.T.A.R.S.],". I got bored exactly after 34 houur of gameplay, I got Tzar-ship and then it's no fun at all. Before I got Tokio-ship and that was easy play too.It's pitty, that in SG2 the ships have so few options regarding armament, so few combinationst etc. I would welcome, if you could choose mounting position, firing angle, firing sequenc etc for every weapon.I find, that the ""protection against hacking"" and ""system hitpoints"" ENHANCEMENTS are totatlly useless. I don't need FLEET at all too. The game is fairly simple without having fleet.This and other things are useless in the game.I would welcome, if there would be greater battles, with your own fleet, more tactics in the game. For example, you could start playing with one ship and and with 3-4 fleets and different tactics for different opponents."
,Recommended,236150,13717365,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"Awesome awesome game. Well worth playing. Much improved over the original game. Features a very decent free roaming space 4X style experience, that looks and feels great. With X:Rebirth being disappointing, this game seems like a snug fit to fill the gap. Buy goods, sell goods, get rich or die trying. Definitely a game up my alley.It's not without flaws unfortunately. The campaign kind of is best ignored. The voice-overs just aren't on par with the gameplay and visuals and as a result make the campaign look fairly bad. It's also super short, so it's ultimately not that much of a problem. Another thing that bothered me slightly was how the camera system could do with a 'free mode' where the mouse would actually turn the camera around your ship in 360 degrees. The standard camera views are very acceptable though, but battle fought using the auto-targeting system can get kind of chaotic. It's also chaotic in a very good way, combat in this game is one of it's strong points. All in all, very satisfied. With the current holiday sale offer, I'd probably pick it up right about now for added value."
76561198013714216,Recommended,236150,12304467,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,GStorm,This is a grate game if you are a fan of anything like frelancer I sugest everyone should have this game I play it after work atleast 4h each day
76561197978179782,Recommended,236150,12282011,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Stevo,"Excellent, an Early Access game done right. Just get used to the awful voice acting!"
,Recommended,236150,12297454,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,5alimI,"Hahahah, I was going to start by complaining about the voice acting and the crappy tutuorial, but someone beat me to it..Recommend it wholeheartedly though. Actually took me away from Dota 2 yesterday."
76561198071097921,Recommended,236150,12479657,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"I'm an older gamer, the last time i played a good space game was called descent freespace, yep it was a LONG time ago lol, anyways I bought this game on a whim - a small chance in my mind that it would actually be good thinking i just wasted 35 bucks, no way this game is good, right? Well i was wrong this game is amazing to say the very least, Its become quite an addiction for me now. If you are looking for a game like descent freespace then ya this is the game to get. I really hope they keep this game going for years to come...thank god we have developers that know what gamers like!!! thanks guys/gals!!!"
76561197975244407,Recommended,236150,13153744,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,chook,Awesome!
,Recommended,236150,13246986,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,FrankMintor,"Nice simple fighting game meant for casual players. Can fly anywhere on the map and fight different ships. Level Scaling is alittle hard to get use to if you don't make alot of money fast. Can do the storyline or free roam. Limited weapons systems, ships, and sations, but over all is entertaining and the achivements gives bonus in game. Worth the $18, but not more."
76561198013624783,Recommended,236150,12300336,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Gred,"Good game, fairly balanced, still need a few tweaks to UI but otherwise really good."
76561198030492823,Recommended,236150,12306492,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dahl,"Cool game. Controls take a while to get used to, but it looks and plays great.Love the RPG-elements and the freedom you have to do what you want to do.Plus there's mod-support so potentially unlimited potential here.And the BGM in the menus is made of win and awesome.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,236150,12325378,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Moloch,"The game itself is awesome to everybody who enjoys spacesims like X, Eve Online, Privateer, Freelancer and similar games.Its still suffering a bit because of a few bugs and lack of polish (a lot of explanations or warnings are missing in places where I would expect them) - but based on how quickly the developers implement the fixes and other improvements, I would guess this will all be straightened out in a few weeks after this review has been written."
76561198041012384,Recommended,236150,12328280,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,UltraSonicShino,"This game has a fun twist to space shooter but is lacking in alot of areas, Things seem slow but fast not always a good thing for this type of game. Need to be more epic battles and not really that good. More like kill that do that. Gets boaring fast."
76561198039651434,Recommended,236150,12328587,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Vicago,Very interesting game. Easy to get into and addictive once you learn the basics.
,Recommended,236150,13133461,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,vfn4i83,"Se quer um RPG, e curte um sci fi, este jogo não vai decepcionar."
,Recommended,236150,12250343,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,「不明」 Houjuu Nue ♆,"This was a great game in beta and even better now that it's fully released. It may take a little while to get into but there's plenty plenty of exploring, missions, ships, weapons and upgrades and also Workshop support.I haven't looked into the campaign much since the freeroam mode interested me more, but it seems to just be freeroam with story missions.The freeroam missions are a little samey after a while but there's enough variety of mission types for you to choose to be a pacifist or a full on fighter.Would recommend this if you like open world space sims, with factions and a good variety of ship classes and ships."
,Recommended,236150,12252637,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Geeketer,maybe 6/10 for the gameplay.  i dont like the quest system in this game.  could be a lot better.  A better tutorial system too
76561197988155946,Recommended,236150,12327822,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Wrex,"Solid game, modern-day throwback to Freelancer."
76561198049310571,Recommended,236150,12313452,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Arakell,"Really liking the game, but found an annoying thing. If you alt tab to a different window for some reason, and then go back to Starpoint, you can't get it full screen again.It stays in a maximised window which detracts from the imersion of the game as it's far better full screen!!Can we have a full screen option in the video area of the game so we can switch it back.R"
76561198032108994,Recommended,236150,12355175,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,bowlbyg,"Great game, kind of a cross between Freelancer the X series and a little bit of Wing Commander Privateer. Huge memory leak in the save system is a major detractor. Any system running less than 16GB ram is going to  have to shut the game down every couple of hours. (Yes its that bad.)Overall I have to recommend it but only grudgingly due to the mem leak issue. Maybe wait on purchase till its patched."
76561198031041870,Recommended,236150,12339936,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,thenewpav,"I really like it overall but there are some serious scaling problems in roaming mode.  I was level 50 before I could afford to buy a corvette.  Also, I've went on assasination missions that were supposed to be around level 17 and there were multiple cruisers.  So, a level 17 captain is supposed to face multiple capital ships (worth millions each), for 20,000?  Also, why can't the cargo holds of hired mercs be used to help store goods?  I'd want to hire a freighter just for that purpose."
,Recommended,236150,12355960,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Leos,I enjoy this game and it really is quite entertaining. However I find it considerably disheartening to find it incomplete to a noticeable degree.Still recommend it!
,Recommended,236150,12334646,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Burnt,This game would be amazing if it didnt constantly crash and if you could save while not anchored. Im getting really frustrated at osing progress constantly.
76561197971042835,Recommended,236150,12333169,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,fx_inf,This game is nothing like freelancer. I will give it an A for graphics and models. The controls and movement are more like a flight simulator. It is a more balanced game than freelancerr. The leveling system is much more accurate and efficent. It requires some investments to geta true appreiation for the game overall.
76561198035870027,Recommended,236150,19137895,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cherry-Coloured Funk,"I've been seeking out the right meditational space game for a very long time and I finally found it in SPG2. It's not too hard to pull you into it, it's not too easy to have depth. I can play it for hours, get bored, have my life back and then return to it later, with joy, to put in a some more hours and that just works perfect for me."
76561197966551877,Recommended,236150,12248399,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,maxmax12,something isnt right.the Beta for perfect but there seem to be some problems with the graphics
76561198006409588,Recommended,236150,12136269,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,sokolikj,"This game instills in me the hope that my generation will one day travel the stars, and it's pretty."
76561197986669008,Recommended,236150,11329532,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,geoff.curran69,"After 15 hour game play I can say the following :All the things that other reviewers said about Elite, Privateer etc are correct.   I have played and loved these and have been an Eve player for a long time.  This is a a game in the same genre, but being offline means it has less stress that Eve.  Sometimes you want to reload and redo a big fight, not suffer the massive financial loss of losing a battleship.......It plays well, draws you into wanting that next ship, and there is a considerable kick from taking down a hero.  Even better was the feeling of success, the first time I managed to reduce a high threat enemy by shooting out their power, grappling the ship, sending in the marines and watching the progress as they swept the decks and captured the ship.  I then had to tow it (slowly so as not to lose the grapple) to a base, fighting of bad guys along the way, before realising the spoils.  This is a really neat bit about the game. the hangers and fighters onboard larger ships is another good idea.This is a beta, but well down the development line.   The iin game marketing needs a bit if tweeking, and I get occassional flashing screen section, but this goes after docking and relaunching and does not impair the game - this can be sorted.I thought that this was well worth the money.  I have really enjoyed the game and I keep wanting to come back.If you like Space  sandbox games, with the ability to kit out ships, run up to five ships, mine, shoot, trade and run missions, against a faction background, then this fits well into the genre with some modern and unique bits which are all it's own."
76561198026517365,Recommended,236150,11340305,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,madisondec,fantastic game no more need to be said
76561197993396498,Recommended,236150,11354783,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Maker,"I've been watching this one from a distance for a few months. I'm in the Star Citizen alpha and the Elite beta, and while I enjoy the present state of both of those games, this little gem is just fun in a way those are not yet. I fly about, accepting missions and killing to my hearts content in an easy and intuitive UI. The game is rewarding and fun, and in its present state enjoyable. I can't wait to see what the developers have coming next."
,Recommended,236150,11360217,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Burrito,"I would recommend this game. The developers are very engaged with the community (much more so than I've seen in other forums), and this shows plenty of promise for the future."
76561197973582000,Recommended,236150,12251127,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Tonykelly201,"What ""cargo"" am I supposed to get from planet Trinity???"
,Recommended,236150,11314244,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kaiser,"Amazing, Simply put this game is a good choice for your money. I'm not one to push Early access games's ( well maybe a little) but this game does bring some well devloped art into a space rpg, alas there is no story(yet, dev's are working on it) So if you enjoy games where your the captain of a ship(only three-4 crew members+ some # of flying bodybags) you'll find the appealing. I'll put it this way. I was playing games that take forever to get into. I have yet gone back to those games after installing this."
,Recommended,236150,11332351,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fenrisúlfr,"Nice game. Good graphics, even on lowest settings. Fun and easy to play, though those ""heroes"" (high-level enemies) can get really annoying. You can go out of their way tho. This is the game I wanted when I bought X:Rebirth."
,Recommended,236150,11345784,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Diablosp,"As it stands now, even in Beta, it's a gorgeus game, and you can have great fun with it if you are a fan of the X4 genre or the more arcadish space sims out there. Well worth the money asked for.But I feel it needs a little push in some directions. It can become much more than it is now, if given enough deep and polish. For instance, weapon stats are confusing, and they have no description. Uniqueness and a little story for each weapon/ship/commodity in the world would make it deeper. The huge starmap needs more deepness too, the different factions are not different enough, more involvement in each of them would make it more fun. You need to love some factions and hate others, to be really immersed in the world. Currently, there are only good guys, and bad guys. You shoot the bad guys, that's it :-). Voiceovers and images of the different factions are a must to achieve this.Balance is still a little off, but it's to be expected in beta after all. You can destroy large enemy ships (destroyers or battleships) with your starter ship, without much sweating, but overall it's very fun and asks you for fairly involved gameplay, you need to use special powers and equipment to see it through the large battles unscathed.I know for a fact that the team is constantly updating and expanding the game daily, so I have high hopes for it all to be fullfilled in the end.Must buy for every space combat, space trader lover out there!"
76561198007622141,Recommended,236150,12313534,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,fat4eyes,"A well-made space sandbox game, with great combat reminiscent of Star Trek Bridge Commander and a decent story campaign to see you off into the sandbox. It has a good dynamic side-mission generator, spawning mission locations near where you are so you don't spend too much time waiting when travelling from waypoint to waypoint. Though the game is set only in one star system (except for a short detour in the story campaign), the map is huge and is worth exploring just to see where you can get all the ships and weapons (of which there are plenty). There also seems to be a bounty system where you can find outlaws in powerful ships which can earn you lots of cash, though I haven't encountered any during my run through the campaign.Combat is similar to the old Star Trek Bridge Commander, where you have 4 sheild facings (and so does the enemy), and it becomes a matter of rotating through your sheilds to spread damage evenly, while trying to focus fire on only one of the enemy's shield face to get at his hull.You also earn experience which you can spend on 4 abilities to help you during combat. I played the engineer class, which focuses on buffs and debuffs and triggering these abilities do make a huge but not completely unbalancing effect on the results of combat. There are also enough choices in the skill progression that you can specialize your abilities, for example focusing one skill on reducing enemy weapon accuracy and another on dropping their shields.It does have some issues, The camera is a bit floaty and needs some time to get used to, the early grind can be really painful (I actually got too bored of the grind and just cheated the money), and the framerate can drop hard in the large ship battles in the story campaign. It also seems to have the ability to target enemy weapons and subsystems but I didn't see it make any difference during any of the fights. The UI flow also feels a bit rough in general, requiring too many clicks to do things, a rather unintuitive system for mounting weapons (instead of just having a drag and drop system), missing hotkeys (the 'mark target' action REALLY needs a hotkey, and the fighter launch hotkeys don't seem to work) among other things. Hopefully these will be polished as the game is updated.In the end though, the combat and the large and dynamic world makes it worth playing through the rough spots, and the campaign is interesting enough to lead you into the larger sandbox, which itself is worth exploring. Space sandbox games seem to finally be coming back into form, and this game is one of the good ones."
76561198000565341,Recommended,236150,9939537,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,dekervane,so far the game looks neet and i have enjoyed it aside from it crashing every half hour of play which is getting really old quick.
,Not Recommended,236150,21072241,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Grimalkin,"Is this game finished? Because right now it looks like a big, good looking box, waiting to be filled with equally good stuff.In short, it lacks engagement. Everything is very very static, with no real economy, events, or actuall stuff to do. There are 3 types of quests, and that's it. There's some semblance of main story, but that won't keep your attention for long.So, where's the rest of the game? Looks like a missed opportunity."
76561197998709303,Recommended,236150,11311595,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Knight Draco,"Being a bit of a fan of the Starpoint Gemini game, I picked this guy up while on sale. My first impression was one of being quite impressed. This is one of the best and most complete alphas that I've ever played before in my life. Everything at this point appears to be functional and I've been rather enjoying the game for the several hours of play. I cannot wait to see what the game is like with bigger toys than the starting boat. Keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,236150,11311766,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Primus,"I know this is only in BETA, but it already reminds me a lot of Eve(yep, I play Eve). They need to polish a lot of rough edges eg interface in some places. But they are heading in the right direction."
,Recommended,236150,11328524,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Aesu,"The first 10 minutes in this game I was confused, perhaps even almost ready to give up because there was no goal, no mission and I was just flying around not knowing what to do eventhough I read every tutorial properly... I though this is just another sandbox game to keep the player busy with repeatance... I am glad I gave it some more time.I opened up the star chart and realized you can fly just about anywhere, missions are scattered all around the star map, pirates come and hunt you and you can scavenge astroids and such for trading. Ahhhh I finally figured it out. M is the key to all purpose.I clicked my first mission which was a hunt, then set auto course there... my ship put all energy to my trusters and navigated me to the action zone. My first hunt was awesome and easy enough for a beginner like myself. I felt great... opened up the star map again and randomly clicked a point in a neighboring unexplored sector. My ship arrived and 3 new missions became available.The next misison was a repair mission, I came close enough to the to be repaired ship and selected it, using the context menu I repaired it and mission success :)Ah... finally I get it... This game is so much fun! Exploring the great beyond, trading at different planets.In other words... buy this if you like any of these...1. exploring2. missions3. trading4. huntingI have barely scratched the surface of this game so my review really is only based on that... but my first hour of gameplay was really memorable. I am sure there is more coming because only free roam is available now. I can't wait to see other scenarios."
76561198059445881,Recommended,236150,11318216,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,arcflash,Great game now and it has amazing potential!
76561198032017147,Recommended,236150,11342498,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Spartan II 777,"Its a great space sim type game, with a more arcadey feel to it, and a bit of RPG.  Can't wait till they come out with the campaign!So its been released for awhile and I've played a good amount since then, definately the funnest space game out right now(I have all the recent major ones), lots of stuff to do, some really great looking areas too such as nebula's and asteroid fields,  Campaign is decent, not exactly all I was hoping for but it still gives you direction.  All in all, if your into space games, I'd say ""Get it""."
,Recommended,236150,11367464,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Valthon,"Starpoint Gemini 2 has the potential to be a serious contender in the space simulation and RPG categories.  The game is enjoyable.  It doesn't have a significant learning curve, and it's easy to get started right away without too much fumbling around trying to figure out which key does what.It doesn't appear to have any mechanism for owning/operating stations or multi-ship fleets that I've seen so far, but I'm only up to level 15 and haven't played very long.Despite this, I think it will be far more enjoyable than the recent disappointment in a long-running franchise (x).  I have zero problems recommending this game."
76561198006125695,Recommended,236150,12122258,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,PointBlank,"Highly recomend, found it to be very addictive. Game  really grabs  you.I cant wait to spend any spare time I have on it.I recomend watching the tutorial's on steams forums on the main page. It will save you a lot of time and head scratching and will have you up and running in no time its not complicated at all.Right littel Gem so it is."
76561197970444660,Recommended,236150,12171601,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,dizaticus001,"i noticed today when trading at lugaurdia i was trying to buy granite and it said there was 52 availabe,  i could only buy three.amazing game , thank you"
76561198062958521,Recommended,236150,11322932,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,IM DEUNK,"I was very skeptical about getting this game at first. but i got it and its great. if you love space and sci-fi this game is for you. not a lot of variety but the map is huge, there are a lot of different ships and upgrades, and theoverall gameplay is fun.10/10"
76561197990187679,Recommended,236150,11327568,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mind_Twist,"Fun game, sorta like Freelancer with RPG elements.  It's pretty much just sandbox with random missions as of July 2014, but still pretty fun.  I am hoping to build up a merc force sorta like Mount and Blade in SPAAAAACE!"
,Recommended,236150,11379172,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BEASTWITHIN66,HIGHLY DO SO!!! If you have not gotten it your missing out!!! tottally peaceful and demanding at same time. as well as you can also develope your own part of the world in it as well. So get in here!!!!
76561198028609919,Recommended,236150,11327675,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,schrodingerwang,"Great Potential.I have not touched the first Gemini, this is my first time into Gemini world. But I have been a huge fan for Freelancer, X3 series and EVE. Right now it feels like this game is pretty close to Freelancer in the sense of combat and universe design. It provides a huge universe for you to explore, combat whatever or whoever you see as enemy and different ways to gather credit.So far I think there are several problems with this game.1. The universe feels detached from the player. Of course this has something to do with the absense of campaign and a main plot, but the universe still feels lonely, even worse than X3.2. Some of the UIs need more work. Sometimes it is difficult to find out more information about an item. I hope the game can impliment something like the info page in EVE, which gives a full list of all the details about an item and you do not have to go around the place to find out or get confused.3. The combat. The combat is very similar to X3, you have several batteries on diffent side of your ship and they can be controlled independent of the ship. This is OK but when you are engaged in a multi ship combat, you will most likely lose the sense of situation. I hope a third person view can be implimented. Also the weapon/damage/energy balance feels a little strange. Most weapon will suck your energy dry while taking less than 25% of your enemy's shield. It looks like it is encouraging hit and run tactics which is perfectly fine for small agile ships. What bothers me is the big boys like battleships do not get a substantial upgrade on the battery energy.Other than those, I think this is an exciting game and it has a lot of potential.PS, it looks like the game has some hints of a fleet feature. I hope they can do it right because fleet in X3 is a nightmare. Eithre do it right, or don't do it at all."
76561197995656540,Recommended,236150,11330297,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Billybigspuds,"A future freelancer, very nice feel, very nice music, ive played them all including 3 intense years on Eve online and im enjoying this."
,Recommended,236150,11332349,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sir Ravix,"Superb Game 2.Enough said, we need to support this kind of developers. A game made by gamers......so rare this days.Is alpha now and i give it a 10/10. Maybe in full release  will deserve a 20/10"
,Recommended,236150,9933174,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Fluffy Dragg0n,mus try it
76561197998977963,Recommended,236150,11319834,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Xargon,"Haven't played long, but it is turning out to be a fun game. The combat is a little difficult at first, but if you get a pirate that is much higher than you, just use the go to and get out. I am looking forward to them adding stuff to this. It really needs a lot done. I wish it would tell me in a onscreen scolling text or something what I just picked up. I also wish there was some indication how close I need to do to do certain things. Like how close to do a Repair or scan. You apparently need to be within like 100."
76561197990938779,Recommended,236150,12122101,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,skipper,"Highly recommend, really cool space RPG, been waiting a long time for something like this. It is easy to start playing, unlike some other space RPG's. There is plenty of information out there and cool videos to show you some about it, but if you like space RPG's you can't go wrong."
76561197971864370,Recommended,236150,12254569,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,LordSentinel,FUN FUN FUN!!Having so much Fun - and I'm a veteran backer of Star Citizen and Elite Dangerous !!Get through to making around 500k and the newer ships really start making this even more fun!!
,Recommended,236150,9980721,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Dat Geek,"This is definitely worth the money.I'm having a lot of fun just flying through space and the random encounters, doing bounties etc.The graphics are really good, and the universe doesn't seem like you're playing on a 2D map. Planets are beautifully rendered. The ships are well designed. You can tell that someone has put a lot of love into crafting this game once you start roaming around in open space or by visiting a station, browsing through the trader, etc.Brings back so many memories from Freelancer. This game has it all, and then some. Well, maybe not all. It still lacks multiplayer, but that shouldn't stop anyone from enjoying this brilliant game, which is trying to put the space-sim genre back onto the map (And it does it quite well too!) for old space-sim fans such as myself.The control system is just like in Freelancer and that's what automatically drew me in. It was the one thing that kept me playing Freelancer for all those years. I still hope they will let us set up our controls a bit more as we see fit, but the game is not finished yet, and i am certain there'll be a lot of updates still to come that may cater more to those of us who loved Freelancer.Some of the ships you can buy, right now, are a bit overpriced but they'll no doubt change the prices prior to release.I won't go through any pros or cons whilst the game is still not yet finished, but as it stands right now, even before they've implemented the campaign mode, i'm going to give this game a 10/10, hands down. Amazing work LGMG."
,Recommended,236150,11313308,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The_Found_Shepherd,"This game is really fun, mostly a good time killer. What it lacks in combat is the availibilty of guns and enemy ships in numbers and types. The sound is decent, a better sound track is needed as well as ship sounds. When it comes to money the only way to get it is by destroying wanted ships and that is not hard but just very long, but it adds to the game than taking something away."
76561198007507131,Recommended,236150,11313460,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,notbueller,"Interesting.  The beta is quite polished, so high marks there.  This game has huge potential.  Someone else called it ""EVE Offline"" and I'd agree with that, but naturally the economy is not as robust and combat is pretty easy.  I'm impressed with the modding community so far and I think this game can be something great if the community sticks around.  Well worth the price, great value."
,Recommended,236150,9960115,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"Accidentally tabbed out and lost 3 hours of progress because I couldn't move my cursor to the bottom right of the screen to save the game. Auto pilot flew me straight into a planet, lost all additional progress after that.10/10 probably won't bother to reinstall again."
76561198016806768,Recommended,236150,11334543,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SladeOne,Pls add a small window (maybe at top left of screen) for current target for quick review of targeted ships current status/state
76561198042706870,Recommended,236150,11313813,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,S3LCouth,"Its a very fun sandbox game. honestly if this game had a little more structure and actually allowed for better flight mechanics it would be compareable to EVE, unfortunately it does not... but still a great game once you get the hang of it and get it on sale."
76561197964036171,Recommended,236150,11313927,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,reborn,"I gauge the level of love for a game, by how much time flies by and I don't want to stop. Absolutely love this game and I feel it is on par with several strategy games I love Sins of a Solar Empire, Wargame Airland and even Divinty Original Sin. For me, with all the driving simulators, first person shooters and stategy games that recently came out, I am in game heaven which wasn't available just a couple years ago."
76561197970493870,Recommended,236150,11354530,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Virtual,Though still in beta this game has the potential to be one of the greatest space sims thus far. It's not focused just on combat like most others seem to be but exploration and trading. I'm glad I found this game.
76561197971549775,Recommended,236150,11355138,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,OnxTincT,"For an early access, I do love the game ! The graphic options are limited for now but still looks great ! I'd like to see the joystick support ASAP because the control on the keyboard and mouse is good enough but you can feel that the gameplay would be better with a joystick.Even for an early access , i'd recommend the game as it is , in his current state, immersive enough to have fun while testing the game ! Usually testing comes with horrible bugs , unplayable moments, unstable graphics or random crashing which as for now starpoint gemini 2 havent produced."
,Recommended,236150,11383296,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Iwifia,"I buy a ton of early access games, they are the best in my opinion, this game is by far the best I have purchased. Yes it has bugs in it, you will have those at this current stage. This game though allows for a great deal of fun, right out of the gate you feel like you are a part of the world but your path is not yet defined. You get the fun of an RPG with the twitch of a TPS and all the enjoyment of space! I love EvE online but I can't afford to dedicate the time or money to the game at this time and this game is like having a small version of EvE in my opinion.Keep up the great work devs!"
76561198000573369,Recommended,236150,11316412,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Vlakvarkie,"Starpoint Gemini 2 – ReviewHi everyone,This is my first ever review that I am writing.  I just bought the game last night and started playing this morning.  Before buying I read some other reviews just to get an idea if I should take the leap into the void.  Well, I took the leap (based on some good reports) and what I found was far from a void.Here are some bulleted remarks:•	I was immediately impressed by the structure and layout of the game as soon as I entered. No nonsense.  Get in and get on with it.  I loved that.•	There is a lot of depth to the game with a creative insight to usability.•	Personally I like the way the tutorial is incorporated into the start and the way that it is presented (simplicity and effectiveness).  Here are some thoughts:o	The font on the display was a little difficult for me to read (15`` screen, max settings), but that could be due to the screen size, not sure).o	At the start where you select from the three types of careers, it also might need a better font and colour scheme (just my personal opinion) to read a bit better. Everything still very good, don’t get me wrong.o	Would also advise to have a smart lady voice to read out tutorials as you go along, whilst displaying text (always keep the text).  Do not overcook and cause annoyance.o	Just mention within the tutorial that a “Collect all” indicator will pop up (after you destroyed an asteroid) once your close to the collectable. Was a bit unsure at first how I would collect, but became obvious when the pop up appeared to collect when I destroyed an asteroid up close.•	In- game graphics, display hub and layout is amazing. Great job.•	I absolutely love the small tutorial button, accessible at any time, especially when getting use to the game (keep it).•	Like that I can scroll up and down with mouse wheel in tutorial and other hud displays.•	Like that there is a info bubble over icons and other aspects.•	Love the idea of boarding and capturing ships and that you can do different things with those ships, brilliant.•	Great idea to be able to launch the whole or individually selected fighter wings and that there is criteria added to the fighter wings as well.•	Personally I like that there are asteroids all around to get some loot from and that it’s not just in pockets.I am a teacher by occupation and therefore I like clear and structured instructions.  I think the developers got this done well and that the ""polishing"" is going to make the tutorials and overall game experience even better and better.I love this game already and I have only been playing for a couple of hours.  I am super excited about what it is yet to deliver and the hours and hopefully years of joy I will get from venturing through this vast space full of life and challenges.If you love space sims you will not regret buying this game.  It is definitely worth the money for me below $17.I will try and write more reviews on the game as I continue to play.  Man, this is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,236150,11336951,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ghost,"Having had this game for quite some time but only having checked it out for a couple of minutes, today I decided to check it out how it has come along in the months since I originally bought it. Needless to say I was instantly hooked and immensely enjoying myself.I am a Freelancer fan and although this game is not the same, it bears some resemblance with it.For anyone looking for a very good looking space action/strategy/trade game with lots of depth and very nice graphics (and music - I just love the soundtrack !) I can heartily recommend Starpoint Gemini 2.One last thing I would like to mention : the developers of this game are very active in their community and reply almost instantly to questions / remarks / suggestions. Thumbs up !Also : Steam Workshop support !"
76561197979087531,Recommended,236150,11338775,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kzinfuzz,"I've logged about 6 hours so far. It's absolutely cut of the same cloth as the freelancer style games. I'm enjoying it, esp. since it scratches an itch I haven't been able to in ages.It runs fine on my aged machine, without ratcheting down the video options. Haven't had any glitches or crashes. It looks pretty, similar to EVE.The UI is taking some getting used to, but I'm pretty competent in a fight now. Only down side there is bounty targets are hard to locate (I've only done so by accident so far.) It's nice that each ""role"" has some special abilities you can use in combat. Combat flows smoothly. It's neat how you can switch back and forth between direct control and letting your crew fire your guns for you if you need to focus on flying.Oh, yeah: crew. This game isn't single-man fighters like those older games. You CAN stay small, but even then it's a corvette or gunship. But you can also go big, with battleships and carriers. You can hire crew (which grant buffs), and eventually add wingmen to fly a small fleet. I'm looking forward to that.The trading is what you'd expect, and I'm grateful the game tracks high & low prices for you. Currently [in beta] earnings from hunting outstrip trading, so I hope they tweak the economy by launch. You can also mine asteroids and salvage defeated ships.The map starts concealed, and reveals as you explore. This often uncovers missions (bounties, supply or taxi runs, science scans, and rescues so far).Levelling up serves two functions. First you get points to make your special abilities better. Second, for unlocking the better ships. Because it doesn't just give you bigger numbers like a traditional RPG, there isn't a power creep.Over all I'm pretty happy. This is MUCH more playable than the X games."
,Recommended,236150,12120625,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,scarface,"A great game in the making. The only thing it's missing is a storyline. Gameplay mechanics are fun, and well made.The one thing I cannot underscore enough is the responsiveness and courtesy of the developers.Have a problem with the game? Just shoot the team an email with the log and the save file and they will fix the game just for you! JUST FOR YOU! Who else does that?I highly recommend this game on that alone, much less the fantastic gameplay."
76561197972297927,Recommended,236150,11323724,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,primaryroo,"The best space rpg around a perfect mix between Elite and X3, never crached just perfect.....Keep up the good work"
76561197981518402,Recommended,236150,11334782,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Markus_Janus,"So far I am liking on the game, though the only issue i see is that a remove turrets button would be nice. i figure you then can add/remove turrets at your lesiure to play your way. Also, adding cost to adding turrets would be good, i mean sure you buy the original one but wouldn't it be true to pay for another turret?"
76561198000809424,Recommended,236150,11332392,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Tommeo,"Fun game with an accessable mix reminicent of Starfleet, EVE online and S.P.A.Z.I found getting into the fun of this game exactly what I was hoping the ""X"" series to be (where ""X"" failed to draw me in numerous times).Early game is still mostly only sandbox but fun with much potential in future content."
76561197961972443,Recommended,236150,11360531,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,thefinn,"Not a fanboy of this game, I just found it 2 days ago. It's still in beta and I'm pretty impressed. It obviously has a few little issues, but is really really stable for me and has great graphics and mostly good gameplay.I think it has potential and the best way fo describe the game - for me - is that it's somewhat like skyrim in space. The game obviously has huge influences from freelancer and elite from back in the day.Unfortunately along those lines I think getting mission after mission that appears randomly and is just spawned from a list of standard missions - the time for this kind of gameplay is over. This is no different than grabbing a dungeon RPG and only getting random encounters in the dungeons which spawn from a known list.I think the missions could be far more interesting but there needs to be more hand crafted missions for this to get the replayability that something like skyrim has.There are a few UI issues but they are minor nuisances more than anything.The AI is also needing some serious fixing, I got into the game and killed a ""hero"" in the first few minutes netting me 5 million credits which is a gigantic amount.I am totally looking forward to this release, the space flight and combat are fluid and fun.Definitely a thumbs up on this game, with the proviso that current beta issues are dealt with.*Hopefully* it's a must have game."
76561198031294279,Recommended,236150,12129822,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,alcash,"Ok so im not very far into it so far just about a hour or so, but i would like to wright a quick review on the controls from a joystick user such as my self(i use the Logitech extreme 3Dpro). First i wasnt to say the game seems perty cool so far and i have a very good feeling about it that i will enjoy it e lot. That being said lets talk about some of the things im not liking off the git go.Controls-  I notice i cant set multiple keys to do the same thing. By this i mean on my JS(js=joystick for rest of review) i cant set the triger to fire my weapon and keep the left click on the mouse to do the same. For my style of play i find it use full to some times use the joystick then at others my mouse and key bord. This is just one exp of this issue. If it was at all possible to set it so you can bind up to two keys to 1 actions that would be great. I hope this is possible but it is a minor issue that is not game crushing.Another thing is the targeting system, i do like the way it is set up and do so much enjoy it. There are a few things i feel could be tweaked however. First i would like to see if it is at all possible to use the HAT key on my JS as a 2nd way to move the crosshairs around as you do with the mouse? I know this one would be a big hard to do i think but a ideal anyways. Then it would also be very nice if for when im flying around with my JS only and getting into a few space fights that my crosshairs stayed centerd to the front of my ship so as i turn it kinda move that way and so on not just at the postion i left it last with the mouse. This last thing i post about the JS is my only big upset so far.Over all the game at this point seems very interesting and enjoyable. Ill wright another review after i get some real hours put into it.P.S. Sorry for grammr and spelling issues my MSword is down atm so cant do a spell check. Hope its all easy to understand and ty for your time.Ok so after  some more gameplay:First thing i want to talk about is i went and put away the joystick and am trying the x-box 360 controller. So far it seems to be a bit smoother and more easy then my js but i notice that i can not bind the key 100% to my likings. Ex. The num-pad i am unable to bind any key to these and thats a big issue even if you do just up down left right thats 4 keys your missing out on as well as 4 more if you go NE SE SW NW as well. So that is one thing that can be greatly improved. Also this duel joystick type controller (x-box360) if at all possible would be nice too to have it move your crosshairs around the screen or be centerd to ship as well as i mention on js.Another thing i would like to ask about and maybe suggest is straff comands. This seems like such a important part of space flying and maneuverability. If these commands are intended to be left out please let me know if just not thought of that would be a great fix to the flying and maneuverability of your ships."
,Recommended,236150,12125516,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,galebob22,yes.
76561198012815385,Recommended,236150,7464245,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,neededlotus5,"game has alot of potential but as it clearly says it is an early access game so dont expect too much ,t the developers are releasing regular updates  so you know they are working on it.."
76561198049595687,Recommended,236150,21434977,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Boss Bawss,"Kill the crew, tow the ship, sell said ship, victory and profit!"
76561198036242311,Recommended,236150,19626557,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Droffy,Ok. First ever game review So i hope this will go ok.So for a start i have been desperate to find a game on the same level as Freelancer for more years then i care to count and well i can say that the wait is over.Starpoint Gemini and Starpoint Gemini II are amazing adventures through the twists and turns of a true space opera.The gameplay is akin to that of Freelancer and i think the devs may well have been fans of Freelancer as the gameplay is quite similar.The storyline is deep and engrosing and even in freeroam the game offers so much for players fond of this style of game to do. The sheer size of this game and the options of ships and equipment make this game so much fun.I applaud the devs for their efforts and love the extra content like titans  etc.. I hope to see more from them and i will certainly have a few dollars put aside for any new stuff they  put out for these games or future sagas in the same ilk.Well done and a huge thanks for such a fun free and enjoyable adventure.Droffy
,Recommended,236150,12511420,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ASHarwood,Very Fun Game.  Some of the controls are a little wonky but once you get use to them it's no big deal.  The graphics are very good.  The camera can be a little weird sometimes but not that big of a deal.  There is a lot to do in the game.  Lots of places to explore and see.  In one of the steam pics on the store page you see a planet and lots of buildings...have yet to find a planet that I can enter the atmosphere of but meh I haven't played long so maybe one day.
76561197976569105,Recommended,236150,12578245,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cyb,"TL;DR: Fun and definitely worth the moneyPros:+ Unique gameplay style+ Large universe to explore+ Combat is both challenging and fun+ Developers are super responsive and constantly fixing/improving+ Respectful of my time: no gridingCons:- Unoptimized graphics (I can run most games on high settings, this one only works on lowest)- Aside from the main quest, there are no side story lines or other interesting RP opportunities."
,Not Recommended,236150,13822252,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Redysseus,Ugh. UGH.
76561198021136367,Recommended,236150,9866351,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,mewantie,The game is visually stunning. I few parts it seemed to have froze but that's to be expected at this stage of development. The UI/HUD is very easy and quick to use (something important in any kind of space shooter). Can't wait for the finished version. I definitely would recommend this game.
,Recommended,236150,33160846,Posted: 2 July,all,MadKomander,"If you want to play space ship rpg, get this..you wont walk in human form or see alien doing stuff.. just space ships, space ships everywhereYou maybe dislike the voice acting though"
,Recommended,236150,33547499,Posted: 14 July,all,Poprin,"Personally I think this game rivals Freelancer on many levels and I loved Freelancer. So for this reason alone it should be a purchase on sale for anyone that enjoyed that game. Just give it a few hours and some effort and you will get drawn in.Alternatively if you like watching B movies then buy this on sale and play it to listen to literally the worst voice acting I have ever heard in my entire life. As a particular treat the absolute worst actor the profession has to offer is actually the main character in the game. So you can listen to his emotionless, confused, droning voice for the entirety of the campaign. WINNING!"
,Recommended,236150,32213941,Posted: 5 June,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"This game is as good as it is bad, pretty as ugly. It does alot of things right and alot of stupid things. You generally are an escort master with the ambition to watch numbers go up. When was constantly being harrased considered fun? I do enjoy the game with its frustrations there is much that could be improved on from a presentation perspective."
76561198029087673,Recommended,236150,13365835,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,swordfish,"Just get it, enough said :)"
76561197995822286,Recommended,236150,11881435,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Travitar,"Finally, a replacment for Freelancer."
,Recommended,236150,9562768,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,LordZarmack,about 30 mins in and alredy hooked. this  is what quality looks like.
76561198007178612,Recommended,236150,11304860,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Diarmuhnd,"I won't talk about gameplay etc.. others have done that.What I will say is SG2 is one of the very few open alpha/beta games i've bought into that has NOT disapointed me greatly.They (DEV team) work hard, take time to listen to the players (check out there website & forums), hunt down and exterminate spaceBUGS. This makes me believe that SG2 will be superGREEN (yes, this is a quote from a movie, go watch it) at launch!!So, in my opinion, if you don't grab SG2 when its on SALE (and you like/love space games) your NUTS!!!! lolgood hunting"
,Recommended,236150,7573711,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,PaulDeathBringer,If you like space rpg's then this will be awesome for you. i like it even if it is still in early access
76561198021463031,Recommended,236150,10118555,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,OuchThatHurt,"Damn good space comabt sim with skills and perks like in an RPG, even in beta with no story line there are hours of fun to be had bounty hunting trading and doing freelance missions.The Dev team and community for this game are second to none and have helped shape this game from alpha to the stage it is at now and this will continue until the game in finished.Visually this game is very nice and will only get better and the MOD support makes this a real stand out game for me I can see years of good MODs coming.If you like me are waiting for Elite dangerous and need something to fill the void left after X rebirth was released in a poor state pick this game up.For me i'd say this game is 8/10 right now and when finished may even be a rare 10/10 gem of a game.Post release update:Now the game's story line has been added and there have been many good updates the past few months the game has moved into post release development. The Devs are far from done adding content this title infact there is at least one planned expanshion that will be free of charge and further implementation on community ideas to improve on what is a fantastic base game.With that in mind the game has improved no end and i logged 215+ hours in early access and i'll be looking to easly double that amount of play time. The game is now sitting at 9/10 for me and with a little more polish and the the planned updates will be a clear 10/10, the games is an instant classic in that it has all the elements of some of the classic space sims and the graphicial polish of modern space sims.Update 12 June 2015 Origin DLC for Free.The Free Origin DLC came out on the 11th and is a port of the first game into this games engine and offers a new campgain that is around 30 hours long and then you can free roam like the in the first paid DLC or the base game. There have been a steady stream of patches and improvements made to this title and for any spce combat sim lover this is a must have it's not a first person fly from the cocpit game which there are many but a capital ship sim which I enjoy mostly in 3rd person view."
76561197975490778,Recommended,236150,9801224,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,JiveTurkey=VX9=,Interesting game.  will be great when finished.
76561198035176598,Recommended,236150,13707660,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Raham Sesser,"This game is like Mount and Blade in space with battles included in the big map, and I love everything about it.I do wish i could have huge fleets though, but the develpers have said they will try to include fleets and ownable space  stations in future expansions.This game is totes worth your money. BUY IT."
,Recommended,236150,12338042,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ystah,Great Game. Starts like freelancer. Gets a bit of Eve offline.Sandbox. Indie. Great atmosphere. A bit unpolished but definitly worth buying.
76561197970555064,Recommended,236150,13299651,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bay Harbor Butcher,Addictingly Awesome!
,Recommended,236150,13101340,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[WSONS] OckieEquals,pretty cool
,Recommended,236150,13063467,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,seFEARoth AlucarD,One of the best space games available and tons of mods. Great for any aspiring ship commander.
,Recommended,236150,13077066,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LegandaryWolfie,Awesome game lots to explore  and so much to do ^_^ this is one of my top fav games to play.
76561198011267201,Recommended,236150,14584465,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SoggyCrayons,"A few hours in, and it holds up so far.Is it the game of the year? No.Is it good? Yes, yes I would most definitely say so, but I would recommend that you are somewhat familiar with other games of this type, because the freeroam mode requires that you give yourself a purpose.Also; It is singleplayer only. Not neccesarily a bad thing, but just keep that in mind when contemplating a purchase.Good job, Little Green Men Games. Good job. :)"
76561198044130568,Recommended,236150,22500264,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Havicz,This game is ok!
,Recommended,236150,25104672,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kuzumby,"Fun game, intresting mechanics, the sound design is unbelieveable."
,Recommended,236150,25295108,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dr. Novikov,"The game is nice, but the developers are ignoring the unusable camera control for years. Is it that difficult to have camera decoupled from the ship? Just make it work like in Galactic Junk League or War Thunder!"
76561198138737212,Recommended,236150,25320359,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Valithar,"I've had the game crash a couple of times. Not sure if it's my computer not being up to snuff, or if the game just doesn't like me exploring from sector to sector too quickly...In any case, SG2 is really fun. The controls make sense, the combat is simple to grasp - but easy to toy with, the ability to simply mine for ore, or loot derelicts and debris for cash combined with the ability to attack any ship you come into contact with for their goods makes for a good choice. Annoying that one destroyed ship means the whole faction turns against you, though. You'd think it should be like a heat meter, or something along those lines.I haven't gone too much into it (work gets in the way - don't grow up, kids), but it's fun from what I've played. I do agree with what Zaayl says - that there could and should be more to the game - but it's definitely a game I recommend."
,Recommended,236150,25376646,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,prom,Fun game.. a good little arcade space RPG as long as you wait for Star Citizen (not sure anymore they can deliver what they promised).Game will keep you busy for hours.. not deep but fun!
76561198023722252,Recommended,236150,28240915,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Duder,"Great game. Some counter-intuitive things to learn at first, but once you get the hang of them, gameplay flows from there. I look forward to future products by these developers and hope to see improved mods from the playersbase."
,Recommended,236150,31904618,Posted: 22 May,all,Brenku,"I absolutely recommend this game. I should have reviewed it ages ago. It's a lot of fun, and the developers are an amazing crew. Very community-centric. If you got this game during that limited giveaway, don't just let it collect dust in your inventory. Give it a go! It's loads of fun. ^_^"
,Not Recommended,236150,12111887,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,constantinople,"this is very much like Freelancer it seems, BUT - there are four major problems sticking out right from the beginning. this might be somewhat personal preference, but its important to know for a lot of people Im sure:1. ship class like ""battleship"" or ""dreadnought"" are anything but what it says on the tin. theyre tiny, Im talking not even Rhino size, in FL terms, or, for those that didnt play FL, maybe three times the tiny ship you start with. and they dont have battleship models, either, they look like fighters. see here for instance:http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140824163327/starpoint-gemini-2/images/thumb/3/39/Helios_scene.jpg/954px-Helios_scene.jpghttp://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140824170102/starpoint-gemini-2/images/thumb/0/06/Tokio_scene.jpg/954px-Tokio_scene.jpg2. the art direction is really weak. as in, no distinct factions, no remarkable designs on any ship or station Ive seen yet. quite the opposite, most stuff looks astonishingly generic and uninspired.3. the sound assets are really weak as well. the traveling speed sound gets annoying really quickly because its a short, noticeable loop, and the weapons sound like tiny pew pews, no matter if beam or railgun.4. the interface is giant and ugly. but theres a mod that makes it less giant and less ugly, so it remains only fairly giant and fairly ugly.buuut, ther rests a lot like Freelancer, minus the multiplayer and the story, for now, and its early access. so there you go."
,Recommended,236150,14740724,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,blackfires1,"This is an amazing game and I'm realy enjoying it. The controls do take some getting used to but once you get that down it's smooth sailing. I had been browsing steam for a new fun game that I could play and I decided to give this a try. I had no idea what i was in for. I am throughly addicted to this game and all i want to do is just put hours into it. The ships look bold and sleek, the weapons threatening, and scenery (or lack of) looks intense. Sadly though i do have problems with the game crashing on me and i have not been able to fix it, even with the new update. hopefully i can get this game up and running properly so i can get back to killing space pirates.TL;DR 10/10 would space again"
,Recommended,236150,18441668,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Coastal,"It's good, but not $35 USD good.You'll cringe as Adrian ""My Father"" Faulkner awkwards his way through space, and the characters you meet have as much depth as a proverbial puddle, but I did still enjoy it - and finished it!The early game can be somewhat grindy, but capturing ships (the best way to get those doller bills (y'all)) is kind of fun.Essentially Freelancer 2.0, some plot about aliens and an old earth empire.Could use a lot of improvements - there's so many factions but so little incentive to meet them (or destroy them). There's always a ship which excels in it's category, which means most of the ships you fly - if you do choose one other than the obvious (or one of the obvious) best choice, for it's aethetics alone. The planets become much the same - the stations, same same, but it's still very satisfying to be king swinging♥♥♥♥♥♥for a little while."
76561198067251264,Recommended,236150,19045241,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Zachev,"Not going to lie, this game is very rough around the edges.  (Especially in the form of camera control!)  As this was made by a relatively small developer, I'm willing to overlook many of these faults in my review.I enjoy space games far too much to pass up on this game going on sale, and for $15 for the game and all DLC, I certainly don't regret making my purchase.That being said, I'm looking forward to their next title, as they should be able to apply all of the things they've learned from this title to that."
,Recommended,236150,22207480,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Biergutt,"Early impressions.The game looks like it has a lot to do once you spend the time to set up your controls.  If you have a flightstick with several configurable buttons, it may take you a bit to figure out what is combat relevant and what you can leave as a menu driven item.Visually the game isn't bad for something a couple of years old.  The interface is uninspired but functional and the flight system is acceptable.  Keep in mind you're not flying a fighter and you'll enjoy it more.If you are having some difficulty getting the hang of it, there are several well done Youtube videos to help get you going."
76561198008086464,Recommended,236150,22502512,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Soldier212,"already have a tzar carrier, great"
,Recommended,236150,24648018,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rave Cat,"Fun space rpg, as the description suggests"
76561197999018200,Not Recommended,236150,25161657,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"Dread. Really hate to give this review but here goes.Even the much aligned (by me) Dark Star One is better. It held my attention for 45 hours.7.5 hours into SG2 and I need to give it a thumbs down. I hate to do that given it's an acceptance of money down the drain. You can't win them all.I played Elite on the BBC B computer and all its subsequent upgrades. Long-time player of Eve Online, Freelancer, I War, X Wing and blah blah. Lots of them.Happy to give credit to the developers for trying and improving. I will definitely keep an eye on the new game and hope that is more my cup of tea.The game has a story driven content and a free roaming side. In fact even in the story mode you are quite free to roam around too which is a huge plus. It looks like to me the developers must have tacked the story line late in development as some of the beta testers much have shouted very loud ""Ho, hum, what do we do exactly?""Freelancer was the last great Space game and this is not a bad recreation of that. Just that in every aspect it is worse. It has me trying and failing to fit a DVD drive back into my PC so I could install it again.The in-flight movement and combat of your ship is pretty good. There are a few modes and modules to use. There is innovation where you can mostly destroy an opponent and then send some ruffians over to board it. If successful you can tow the ship back to a dock for huge income. Combat is pretty satisfying with options to fire yourself or computer controlled auto-fire. All thumbs up. I am told that as you upgrade your ship the movement in flight will also change. So big cargo ships move slower than smaller fast ships.Your pilot can improve his skills as you level up. This is also innovation for this type of game. To my rookie eye though these skills seem to be mostly +5% this and that.Your on-board computer scans the local area and identifies bounty opportunities and exploration is positively encouraged. The computer even remembers prices of commodities in every place you have docked which makes it very easy to trade away at the beginning. Whether you can do that as a main way of attaining riches I can't say. The prices of ships are very high.The universe itself feels slightly alive as you can pass fellow ships in your travels and scan and attack them for piracy fun. Planets and space stations have some small radio chatter that comes across.So why the thumbs down?Freelancer remains better and that was released years ago. It had better story line, graphics, ships, reputation system. Well, almost everything. I have hope though and if I ever play this one more will update this review.You might like it."
,Recommended,236150,25300259,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,EntityFrost,"Love the game, Graphics and gameplay were really fun for me but sadly on this computer it does not work."
76561198069375739,Recommended,236150,25348377,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SeverinaCro,trazio sam povrat love neznajuci da hrvati imaju prste u ovoj igri tak da cu je ponovo kupit. eto zubo..
76561198018872394,Recommended,236150,25736138,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Juggati,"Interesting and enjoyable game, shame the map was not more interactive, spend way too long searching for places."
76561198052279402,Recommended,236150,14745865,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,sidetrackdown,"My first take on this game after 13 hours of play: Commander storylineCompletely Kick A$$...Pros:-Gorgeous visuals-Fantastic UI design-Superb mission system-Good voice acting  (Similar quality to EvE)-Awesome background music (Similar quality to EvE)-Combat system - **check description below**-Load times are almost instant once you are ""in game"". Stations load instantly.Cons:-Still Slightly Glitchy start-up from desktop (3/3/14)-Plot is a little ""flat"". Good story, but the dialogue could have been much much better. Main character is scripted and voiced as kind of a D-bag. (unlikeable) The initial character development feels rushed, especially after the looooonng and verbose introduction.-lack of tutorials on ""fast"" travel options-Tutorial design is kind of tedious. Tons of clicking through to reach the end of each tutorial and lots of reading small print. IMO tutorials should be highly engaging and interactive.Possible spoilers ahead.Possible spoilers ahead.**I have enjoyed the combat system so far, but I am still in the original ship given to the ""commander"". It seems challenging (I have died 4-5 times), but not so much that I got annoyed with frequent reloads. SAVE OFTEN.I pilot my ship in the game's equivalent of an FPS mode. I have not tried the other (turret view) types of view. I highly recommend that begginers try the different types of weapons as some are much much more effective than others when running combat missions.Further review will follow"
76561198126698726,Recommended,236150,14801003,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,lumberjack_dam87,"Heres my million dollar review....This game has everything a game needs.If you enjoyed Freelancer, you will love Starpoint Gemini 2"
76561198069605525,Recommended,236150,19737843,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,rgjack,"What an amazing game! Bought it on a whim and I have to say, I had hell of a lot of fun, and I'm not even a fan of space simulators."
76561198030615271,Recommended,236150,20480306,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,James,"i have played tons of RPG games over the decades, and this has got to be in the top 10. you choose the way you want to play, no matter what, you got the free will to do it. yes, you got to earn money to get better ships, just like you got to do in any RPG game for getting armor and weapons, WoW, Ritf ,Star Wars, D3, but, guess what....... tell ya a little secret.this game is fun do do it. and you feel like doing it again, to play it a different way. maybe a bad guy the next time, or just get a cloaked ship and ninja your way around. its all up to you, its your sand box,and you play it the way you like ; )i dont do hardly no reviews, but i just had to on this one. give it a try, dont pay any attenion to the negitive reviews on this one, them are the  people that are never happy with anything, heh. so what you waiting for, stop reading and get inro the game : )P.S. on a scale of 1 to 10. i will give it a 12 ; )"
76561197968539342,Recommended,236150,24094929,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jade_Alpha,This game does not reinvent the genre but I would have to say that it has the most friendly learning curve and decent story/graphics to get someone who has difficulty getting into games like X series and Eve a fair shot at playing the campaign.  A little bit of a grind in the beginning but if you stick with it you will be gaining levels and access to bigger ships before you know it.
,Recommended,236150,27570688,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,berren6,"Yea the presentation of certain elements in the game kinda sucked. Especially when it comes to trading. However, this is probably the only space game that does a good job of the whole space captain thing by giving total freedom in the star system and with the cell loading stutters aside, it is actually quite enjoyable to fly around. The ship customization is also done very well, allowing cosmetic modifications and system modifications to fit your preferred playstyle. This is not a AAA game, but I feel confident in saying that it is worth the buy."
76561198262987629,Recommended,236150,27610151,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,srkauch,This Game is so awesome.  I haven't even touched the surface of it yet.  I started right out freelancing.  The controls are easy enough and the help section is right there a click away for a brief but complete tutoring on any subject.  I'm looking forward to delving deep into this interactive world with many hours of satisfing game play.
76561197978999239,Recommended,236150,14582384,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Robert Loblaw,Really fun and pretty game. Don't expect an X universe style of game. It is lighter then X but in a good way. It is a fun space RPG with a toned down X universe feel.
76561198038022925,Recommended,236150,17223935,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Ciderfects,"Not really a review of the game as such, I remember coming across the game by mistake on the store page. When I browsed the discussion boards I was gobsmacked at how well and often the development team engaged with the community, for this reason I bought it and hopefully once I've done with the current games I'm playing I will sink my teeth into it."
76561197961126828,Not Recommended,236150,17669587,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Damage Over Time,waste of money at eny price range.
,Recommended,236150,18299912,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Simbot34,"After two hours, I learned how to pump the game full of cheaty modifications, excluding the  soon-to-be-experimented-with workshop vessels,And figured out that this game is awesome.Buy it, or else your soul will run away from you."
76561198086660273,Recommended,236150,19050419,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Thasan,"If you've ever played star wolves and loved it....well, this is star wolves on steroids. although i have only 9 hours of playtime, i'm already loving it. 9 hours since last night after i came from work. can't wait to continue playing tonight once i'm back from work!"
76561198101845204,Recommended,236150,19103700,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,GrandArtillery,The story is this game is good. Thought once you finish the story mode there's not much to do.
,Recommended,236150,19762392,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Pinky,"Excellent space game. Overall, 8/10Likes:Much more engaging than I expected, especially  in Free Roam.Like the trading aspect of the game.Love being able to board and capture other shipsgood graphicseasy flying mechanismDislikes:Campaign was a bit boring to me, but that is not what I bought the game forbegs for multiplayer featureTutorial only marginally helpful"
76561198006773050,Recommended,236150,20222294,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TargetStalker,Great price! Time to buy!
,Recommended,236150,20223080,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grandmaster,This game will scratch your Sci Fi itch!
76561198132095561,Recommended,236150,20356814,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Drifter,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is extensive and packs in an incredible amount and variety of content, especially with the two current DLCs. The map itself is evident to this. I myself enjoy the  freeplay mode, as it allows for more customization of my character and allows for a more unique exploration of the world.Not to mention the unique dynamics the game allows, including the combat mechanics, political affiliations, etc.The main achievement of this game- its size- is also part of an issue that it has. This issue is the immersion level.Apart from the storylines and cutscenes, the only way to interact with other ships is to either repair them or (more often) fight them. Such a big world with only limited interaction can begin to feel... empty.In a universe potrayed by Starpoint Gemini, such an expansive space, the aspect of trade would be very important.I suggest a new dynamic with other ships that would allow the player to trade with them. In essence, using the same model as that when docked in a space station but with friendly freighters, carriers, etc.Another suggestion is to add randomized large scale battles between rivaling territories. It seems odd to me that a system in such turmoil has so little actual conflict after the storyline. Not to mention being part of large scale battles is a thrilling experience.Finally (I am unsure if your system allows for this), a very nice addition would be visible upgrades or customizations to the player's ship. For instance, one could buy a new engine/thruster for a ship and visibly replace the one their ship has or armor upgrades that visibly cover the ship's hull.These additions would add some much needed immersion and keep the gameplay fresh without the need for another DLC."
,Recommended,236150,20596017,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,slv138,"This gets a thumbs-up but only barely.  I've had a lot of fun playing in spite of the quirks.The voice acting isn't as bad as others have made it out to be, but it is very inconsistent.  A lot of the time, the NPCs will start taking (along with text), then the audo just stops but the story can't progress until the audio (if it was there) finishes.My biggest gripe is how inaccurate the mission difficulties are.  More than a few times, I picked up a level-appropriate mission only to find myself facing an enemy listed as ""Impossible"".   It gets very frustrating considering how long it takes to travel to each mission."
76561198014275278,Recommended,236150,22181308,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Novak,good game
76561197960836080,Recommended,236150,22199463,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mustache_Cash_Stash,Enjoyable game - worth a shot!
76561198272666410,Recommended,236150,22203301,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ecjunk,Awesome if you love space! Can get repetitive but overall it is very addiciting and keeps bringing you back. Many upgrades and ships not to mention hiring mercs and intellegence. Ship combat is smooth and fun. Story is ok nothing spectacular but  nice that one is present.
76561198015080743,Recommended,236150,22219223,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Big_Rich,Pure fun
76561198025633531,Recommended,236150,22173551,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dilshan,It has a space cowboy feel. It's good.
,Recommended,236150,25266732,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,szL,"I'm only a few hours into this game and am absolutely loving it.  People make way too big a deal over the graphic glitch (stuttering when changing zones), but I can easily look past that in favour of the extremely fun gameplay.I tried out a few of the other ""space sim"" games on the market, but some of them are overly-complexed for no reason that come with an elitist community that get off on playing games with $500 joysticks.  Starpoint Gemini 2 makes it easy to have fun in space with a mouse/keyboard."
,Recommended,236150,30321910,Posted: 4 March,all,Grimtongues,"I'm enjoying the game quite a bit because the graphics and core gameplay are enjoyable.  There's also a relaxed atmosphere to the game - I don't feel pressured into ""grinding in order to get to the good part"".  The story is decent and there's plenty of ""flavor text"",  galactic ""news"", and loads of other ships flying around that altogether make the game world feel alive.  The GUI is well-designed and easily accessable with the mouse - I don't even bother using the hotkeys 90% of the time.  This also means that learning to play the game does not require memorizing a bunch of hotkeys!The random mission system is better than average compared to other games in this genre.  Also, progression happens at whatever pace you choose - you can sit near a station and shoot asteroids in relative safety for small rewards, or you can do the level-adjusted missions for a modest reward at minimal risk, or you can rush straight to the hostile sectors and do missions 30 levels higher than your own.  Or you can skip the missions entirely and capture ships, selling them for massive profits if you have the skill to pull it off.On the negative side, the game's ambient music lacks variety, so it gets annoying quickly.  Also, the ship's computer sometimes repeats warnings more frequently than necessary, which is especially annoying if the shields repeatedly drop due to EMP effects.  These problems are simply fixed by adjusting the volume settings.  I recommend listening to some space ambient music on youtube/spotify/whatever.I bought the game and DLC (""gold pack""), and I feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198026518430,Recommended,236150,7588398,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Dozer,"Macht schon in der Alpha ne menge spaß!Sehr genau,das ist zwar nicht so komlex wie EVE macht aber mehr Spaß und kostet nur einmal!Wer auch Starpoint Gimini 1 gespielt hat wird hier begeistert sein.-Bessere Grafik-Mehr Schiffe-Schnellere Reisen-und was unendliche weitenwer Weltraum-Spiel begeistert ist und sich das Spiel nicht holt ist selber Schuld!"
76561198123937643,Recommended,236150,12021187,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bash,The game shows so much promise and the developers are very interactive.  I know nothing of the first starpoint gemini but this game is friken awesome so far! I HOPE some kind of muliplayer will be added.  I do not regret supporting a developement team like this.  I will be playing at launch.
76561197973119003,Not Recommended,236150,12287893,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Riptor,"I can only recommend this game for people who have no problem with simply flying around blowing things up and nothing else. Because that is essentially everything you will do in this game. Blow things up.Blow enemy ships up, blow wreckages up, blow asteroids up...The trading system is a bare bones basic ""pick things up that enemies drop and sell them at the nearest station""Sometimes you might come across illegal goods that might have the local authorities in a hissy fit but thats about it. Theres no system in place to actually figure out the best place to sell your goods so trade routes are a chore and not really worth it.The graphics are really nice but poorly optimized and some of the graphics options are locked at ""high"" like ship details and cant be lowered.The balancing is also all over the place with alot of weaponsystems being rather useless (all beam weapons for example) compared to the railgun type wich obliterates everything. Also even thought you can hire mercenaries to fly with you for a ingame monthly fee it never feels like you are actually in command of a fleet... wich is another missed oportunity.All in all what this game lacks is content... alot of content and a healthy dose of polish. There is a really great game hiding in starpoint gemini 2 but it just doesnt has any meat on its bones.So at its current state i can only recommend this game to hardcore space sim lovers who are starved for a title where you controll a battleship instead of a flimsy little one man fightercraft.  If you feel like youre that type you will get a lot of optical diverse ship designs...Thought there is hope that the modding community will jump in and polish things up a bit."
76561198020658064,Recommended,236150,20581067,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zingo2,"Dont go for Titans and Aethera campaign branch- they are short and the play experience feels rushed. Also Titans dlc has so many bugs and it tends to crash your game time to time.Start with Origins as it delivers a complete thourough experience what Gemini 2 can bring on the table. Its so huge, long and action packed storyline- its good. The acting is terrible but story good.All in all a good game with RPG elements and enough ships to blow up. Graphics are decent enough. Finished the whole game roughly over 30 hours so yeah good game once you get hooked up."
,Recommended,236150,22199148,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cootason,"Starpoint Gemini 2,Offers a lot to the genre I am a fan of space shooters and strategy games,  I loved Sins of a Solar Empire, Rebellion for its multiplayer aspect.This game only lacks one thing in my opinion and that is a lan multiplayer option allowing a steam friend to join you in the adventure in this game would be an awesome way to enjoy this game even further.everything else for me it seems to tick all the boxes.I would love to see the next Starpoint to offer a multiplayer option as that would allow a co-op play :)"
,Recommended,236150,22246170,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sinathor,*ambushed by 5 weak/trivial enemies**kills everything and not a single scratch**5 minutes later**ambushed by 5 weak/trivial enemies**dies without getting a single enemy down*I rate 5 weak enemies / 5 trivial enemies
76561198046876319,Recommended,236150,22580215,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,wroz,Good game.
76561197970543336,Recommended,236150,24344815,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,riffraffbri,"I've been playing this game about a week, and got up to level 10.It's not a bad little game, but don't expect too much, and don't pay more than $10 for it. The learning curve isn't too bad, but the controls aren't intuitive, so expect to stare at the screen dumbfounded a few times at the start.The tutorial is not much. It's all reading with no in-game walkthrough. On the other hand, after only a few tries you should have the contols down pat.The storyline is so Byzantine that you could never keep up with it, and their are no cut scenes, just cardboard cutouts in the top left of your screen trying to keep you abreast of the storyline. It's almost as if they made the game first, and then inserted a story. Also the voice acting is subpar, but to tell you the truth, there are very few games where I cared about the story (Homeworld, Starcraft, and that's about it).The visuals are actually superb. Just flying through space and looking at the colorful planets and nebula is fun in itself. The combat is good, though there really is no dogfighting. If you are in combat and you have any kind of acceleration, you'll be miles away after only a few shots, and then you have to turn around and go back. Basically it's like the British and French during the Napolianic wars. You just stand there and hammer away at each other until one of you is dead.Upgrading ships is practically unkown in the beginning of the game. When the next ship costs 10 million and you only have 250,000 and the missions give you a paltry 10,000, you aren't upgrading fast.That too goes for the ship modules. Upgrading weapons, shields, propulsion, and the like is the same as upgrading ships; expensive.The thing that I don't understand is that Freelancer was put out in 2003, and yet this game isn't a quantum leap in game play. In fact it's actually a step backward. It's like we didn't have 13 years of game development.But, like I said, it's not a bad game, just don't expect too much and don't spend too much money on it."
76561198025334264,Not Recommended,236150,22684969,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cementhead,"Great visuals and the bones of a fantastic game. However there are game breaking bugs throughout and some really poor voice acting. This needed another couple of months of polish before release. But what do the devs care now that they have my money?seriously, do not buy this"
76561197961028379,Not Recommended,236150,23874629,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Runner 'Yote,"This is just another generic, mediocre space fighting sim. There's no real hook in the story- in fact, the voice acting and scripts are just stupid. It's fun for a while, but very forgettable and probably not worth your time unless you like generic space fighting games that take very little brain power and have few customization/crafting options. The gameplay itself will keep you entertained in a casual gamer type of way, but this isn't anything special."
,Recommended,236150,22246708,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ｓｎｕｆｆｔｂｕｎｚ,"I could write a super detailed review on this game but I don't have the time or the patience. So I'll just leave it at this; It's like a single-player version of EVE Online had an Illegitimate child with an Elder Scroll game.8/10***EDIT***This game has a big nasty flaw that holds it back- Its repetitive, grindy, and only has a few recycled fetch quests with little to no variation as the only substance behind the game. Still love it, just a bit bare bones towards a little was in."
76561198006681349,Recommended,236150,15135383,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Anubis,Great game! Id give it a 8 out of 10...my only gripe is the UI.... it needs some work.
,Recommended,236150,15588251,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,James Lister,"space explore it,has a sense of exploration, the combat system is good.manage and upgrade your ship, lots of mission and the graphics are good."
,Not Recommended,236150,24509554,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FordGT90Concept,"This is a re-review implementing suggestions in comments:It's needlessly complicated, the z-axis doesn't add to the game compared to the original, and it generally isn't fun.Let me elaborate:-Although the single continuous world is an improvement, getting around said world is tedius and time consuming unless you happen to be near one of the shortcuts and that shortcut happens to end up where you need to be.-The combat is underwhelming. Basically, you tell the ship it can fire, it fires, you get shot at which is absorbed by shields, who wins is basically which of the parties has better shields and guns. Really the only thing you change is your facing so different shields absorb their attacks. Doesn't sound exciting, does it?-The user interface is complicated and it really has no reason to be. I came back to play Titans and I was constantly pushing the wrong buttons. The controls are not intuitive.-The story (including the DLCs) is uninspired, boring, completely forgettable, short, and ends before it feels like it should.There's only two things I enjoyed in this game:1) Exploring the galaxy.2) The SG1 campaign imported into SG2. This fixed a lot of the gripes I had about the original (especially having to grind to proceed) which is why I liked it.These things don't offset all of the other problems with the game though so still not recommended.As for why there are so many hours registered, it's most likely a product of running in the taskbar.  I repeatedly got bored of the game, alt+tabbed out, browsed the internet, and resumed later.  It does not reflect what it actuallly took to finish the game (as is the case with a lot of games)."
,Recommended,236150,11337301,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sirwinsalot,i flew into a planet and diedrecommended so hard
76561198110052201,Recommended,236150,12126566,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,nzguzzi,"Like old school Elite, Privateer, Freelancer. This game is a very fun way to pass the time.Currently in Beta but very playable ( I have done over 50 hours and still at it )LootLevel upsGear with enhancement upgradesEconomyRandom missionsPiratesLots of shipsVery nice graphics with smooth game play, no crashes.I am very excitied to see where this game will go. So far it is very good and i recommend anyone who is into space sims to tray it out and support the devs"
76561198049503469,Recommended,236150,27853326,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Teebo1113,"Been looking for newer games in the style of Freelancer. Finally found it. Love this game, though i don't know why this game isn't recording my playtime xD Very cool game. I'd pay full price for it even though i got it on sale"
76561198215461792,Recommended,236150,24399138,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rubyismycat,OK so if your a grumpy old git gamer like me who played feelancer on its release day you will know that this game is a blatent attempt to COPY FREELANCER without the massive budget and holiwood actors used to make the oridginal. The game uses places ship names faction names directly from freelancer without even trying in any way to hide that fact. Frankly im amazed Microsoft havent sued them into bancruptsy by now lol. But heres the mindblowing TRUTH this game is infinately better than eve better than star citizen which so far is a catastrophe and X rebirth a game for which egosoft should be stripped naked in public and pelted with rotten eggs. If you want a goode game similar to no sorry directly plageriseing Freelancer this is the game you want its a lot more fun than Elite dangerous too so BUY IT NOW before it gets banned. 8 out of 10
76561198086577753,Recommended,236150,14635105,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Danatz,"Veri gud gaem. I paly al teh tiem!!!!!111oneoneSo... Cheap, good looking, betterthanCoDGhosts or omgit'sthatawfulXfranchiseagain, with constant updates and 5 dollar dlc (wtf? is it christmass or some other fairy tale♥♥♥♥♥♥again?)....It must be... some... Ubisoft...masterpiece... Ha-Ha, very funny mofo. It's Stargate Atlantis 2 people! No it's not. I can't remember the name and I'm pretty much err, happy, to scroll up. So, this is  a very cool game from my homeland of North Kor...err, I mean Croatia. Not much difference anyway. I'll try something coherent here but can't promise anything:Gameplay:- Not like Freespace/X/Elite: Dangerous Gliches Attack- If some game I haven't played before...ever, and Elite: Something something had a baby, that would be...well, something I still haven't had a chance to play.- Actually it's a slower paced game than those shooters first, trader last. Move on.Gfx:- Indie game with better gfx than...wait for it...wait for it... GHOSTS man! Bloody CoD Ghosts. And looks better than every ""HEI I WANNA MAEK TEH INDEH MINECROFT STILEZ SURVIVAL BECOZ I HAEV NO SKILZ LOL"" (Terraria and so on)- This game hates me. Seriously, nVidia driver reminds me every day that I'm a stupid redneck. Why? Well, because I bought nVidia card...Even better... BLOODY SLI nVidia. Don't do that folks, you could die.Sound:- Nice soundtrack but honestly dear sound engineer/musician or whatever you like to repeat to yourself in front of the mirror. LEARN TO USE THE BLOODY COMPRESSOR!!!!!!!!11111ONEONE. Move on.Replayability:Dunno. I'll tell you when I find enough time to finish my first playtrough. I suppose it's one of those games you try the sequel or periodically reinstall the game and play for 2-3 hours before you try to find cheats.Would I recommend this game to anyone? Yes. Why? Because it's better than Elite. Around 120 times better than that crap. Meep.P.S. Sori for meh englis, i veri (3x) hapy atm."
76561198043583409,Recommended,236150,10780133,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"♥♥♥♥♥ass game doesnt work at all on any computer without a very certian intel card aparently. freezes every time i start it. i bought the game months ago and try playing every time it updates but allas. its been ♥♥♥♥ing forever with no update fixes the problem that they very well know. goodbye cruel expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥game i paid more money then i shouldve for. see you in the bottom of steam hell.Edit:Got a comment from a devoloper who gave me an email to contact, that they are at least trying to fix the problem now is enough to make this a positive review :) any game where the devs try is a game id support. i still dont know if this game is fun but it sure as hell looks it. ill re-edit this once the problem is worked out or things change with an update. Thank you danijel!"
76561197999356201,Recommended,236150,27903185,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Imkhashi,"Aside from the occasional freeze or ctd this game is great. Especially since you get the original game included and the expansions also. Huge, giant incredible amounts of content. As most reviewers will mention, the cash flow needs tweaking badly but mods, hacks or tedious grinding can fix all of that. Overall a great piece of work."
,Recommended,236150,12298229,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dank Quixote,"ITS FINALLY HERE! if it is half as good as the first one it will be fun as hell. and addicting, and have the worst voiceacting ever encountered that wasn't asian."
76561198042345152,Recommended,236150,8453959,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dax,"Game crashes all the time, long loead times. Looks good but not worth buying atm"
76561198008429783,Recommended,236150,9923388,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Basilhare,"Pros:*Combat seems solid: fun*I Like the arcade nature of the sim*I like the skills/quickslots for special abilities and equipment*Once fleshed out, the perk and skill system should be fun*The mission concept seems solid*The game looks good*The interface is solid*The game has a good feel to it*The seemless nature of the game has an epic feel to itCons:*Much work needs to be done on the economy/trade/pricing structure...played for 8 hours and earned only a fraction of what was needed to be a bigger ship and could only afford a few upgrades*The game lacks depth*Faction interface seems confusing..not sure how it fits into the game*Female voice actor (computer) needs an acent or something...too flat and emptyI think this is a game worth watching...it has potential..."
,Recommended,236150,11336102,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BMF,"Likes:+++ Skill System - there appears to be no limit to how high the skills can go... excellent!+++ Tactical display++ Auto Targeting - could be improved to prefer shooting at the current target and only when it's not possilble to shoot at something else. Prehaps instruct the gunner on which target to choose? (stronger, closer, the one attacking you... etc)++ Map and factionsDislikes:--- Travelling is slow, and the T-Drive is extremely expensive, you may not want your players to get bored while seeing a countdown from dist: 20.000 on the screen and doing nothing.--- Missions: I am level 25 and I still get only missions for 1.000 Cr... with 1.000 Cr I cannot cover the crew's salary-- Character customization (Name... etc) is missing at the beginning-- Weapons, so far not much to choose. I killed a wanted guy, gor 4.5Mil, got a better ship but same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons for sale-- Ship modules (power gen, shield... etc) There are enhancements, nice but I would like to have more types, better an better for each ship.Things that could be a WOW for me:*** The weapons could evolve with the game pace, the more time it passes, improved versions of the same weapons appear*** Weapon customization, modifications... ?*** Ability to build your own installations (small ones) which collect resources but need to be defended*** Ship Customization & Modification (add in slots and turrets for a cost)"
,Recommended,236150,22502263,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,myctrlkeyisnotclicky,">be me>taxi mission>pick up VIP at station>guy cant stop talking>np, I will just take a quick jump and be done with it>emerge from warp gate>ambushed&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥>I die and have to load previous save>can no longer finish taxi mission>guys stuck in my inventory>literally have a guy name Loud-mouth in myinventoryship>I now travel the galaxy with Loud-mouth, engima, pinkerton and some adult magazine>10/10 would taxi again"
,Not Recommended,236150,15929164,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Malediction,This game is fun when if it loads. (Hint: It won't. Ever.)
76561198009000488,Recommended,236150,12536557,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,2fatactualnotinegypt,"good game but far from stable (1.006 or whatever), terrible voice acting in first part of story though."
76561198017474307,Recommended,236150,9996748,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,xmun1234,Serious potential.
,Recommended,236150,21123602,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Pufonel,"I got this game as an alternative to Naev ( a 2D space sim game) and so far the game has a pretty good mechanism:- play the campaign, much easier since you have allies, but also the ability to make missions on free roam.- play on free roam, no allies, no reputation, just you and the universe, a higher challenge for players new to this.From me switching from 2D to 3D is a challenge (a hard one) but the tutorial helps, just read and try to understand how its done.Good luck :)"
76561197995092827,Recommended,236150,13784480,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,o.O_Überman_O.o,"For the ""tl;dr"" crowd:  7/10Almost 80 hours in, I found the game to be enjoyable for a space sim.  Many similarities to the ""X"" franchise (I have over 200 hours in ""X2: The Threat""), but somewhat ""lighter"" in comparison.Game mechanics are adequate (stations, planets, commodities, equipment, etc,), and do not get in the way of game play.  Conversely, they are not ""deep"" (no stock exchange, no station building/owning, no empire building), so there comes a point where it becomes routine and a bit boring.  I only played a ""Gunner"", and did not engage in all of the the game's offerings (mining, bounty hunting, etc.).I found leveling to be almost too easy.  I would expect higher levels to become asymptotically harder to achieve, but the experience points required to level seemed to be rather linear.  After 78 hours of simultaneous freelance and story line, I was at level 79 (""Fleet Admiral""), where the story campaign was only requiring level 40.  If you want the story line to remain challenging, you should probably stick to it until it is complete, and then freelance.Graphics are above average.  I always play with everything on high, so the space junk, asteroids, nebulea, visual effects, etc. really added to the immersion.  One of the bright points of the game engine is thatnothing in space is instanced.  You fly through space, going from one grid tile to another, without having to transition in any way.  The only transitions in the game happen with the Jump Gates, T-Drive or Wormholes, which one would expect.Combat is enjoyable, with enough going on to keep it interesting.  It doesn't take long, however, to know when enemies will ambush you, what specific loadout will let you take down a Hero, etc.  I rarely died in the game, and when I did, it was typically when there were just too many enemies concentrating their fire on me (and no allies in the vicinity to pull aggro for me), or when I accidently left my ""Fire At Will"" mode engaged and approached a station with enemies docked.It is a 1.2 release as of this writing, and I have still experienced a few bugs.  The most ubiquitous is a ""Maintenence"" mission not completing following combat enroute (either by ambush or just encountering enemies along the way).  One that just hit me, that caused me to stop playing, was my entire equipment inventory suddenly disappeared after a T-Drive jump and an ambush when I materialized.  I went to change my equipement loadout (swap the T-Drive with Energy Shield for the fight), and my rather robust equipment inventory was just gone!  I tried several things, but I couldn't get it back, and decided that was enough.I recommend the game to anybody who enjoys this genre (my favorite), and who is looking for a less-stressful diversion from the higher-order space simulations."
76561197987772532,Recommended,236150,31942433,Posted: 24 May,all,sensej.pl,I dont know how and why byt they made another good game :)Price is also nice. Thank you ! :)There are some small issues here and there but I do enjoy playing !
,Recommended,236150,25228504,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Nexus,"Steam did not update the real time invested into the game, so ignore the current number when I say that I really like the game so far and would definitely recommend it. Might be a bit outdated for the current standards, but that's a subjective opinion."
,Recommended,236150,19742961,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,andrewgrock,Super Sweet!
,Recommended,236150,22180145,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Maegro,"We want Chinese version, plz!"
,Recommended,236150,25347714,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Peter,Ooooohhh such a pretty game!
,Recommended,236150,27495949,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MarshalLtd,Eases pain caused by Firefly withdrawal syndom. Great Space cowboy simulator.
76561198004617980,Recommended,236150,12295120,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Devilturnip360,its a good game but loading issues are a problem
76561197977132847,Recommended,236150,13665379,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,spen25,Fun game
,Recommended,236150,12532664,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,AlmostLastPlace,SLI is currently not supported in Starpoint Gemini 2. Only one card works (poorly @ 3440x1440)
,Recommended,236150,13649051,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,InfinityBlade6,"FUN, has workshop too so ya. buy it"
,Recommended,236150,19134294,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DarthMalak,"Nice game but gets boring really faster after 5 or 6 hours once you have all the shiptypes.. Only a few random mission types and some of them outright are disqualified because it's not worth doing them...If you are looking for 5 or 6 hours of fun and are into this type of game, it's a nice buy.. Perhaps the price is a bit steep for a game lasting that long."
,Recommended,236150,13768675,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GatoZé,"That awkward moment when you're reading this review, and can't stop reading because you are so intrigued by it, that you keep reading, and then you realize it says nothing important, oh and it's a good game!"
,Recommended,236150,15135000,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kor'thara,"had some slight doubts about this game but turned out to be worth the money, my first game is Free Roam and inside a week I am max level, piloting a Praetorian Dreadnought with a Praetorian Merc helping me hunt down other capital ships, hells fun, it's a bit slow to start off with when it coems to making money but once you get some levels up and explored some you eventually find some good money making areas, then the money start to pour in.10/10, if you enjoy Sci-Fi space games like Freelancer or Galaxy On Fire 2, I recomend this game, the only downsides I can see is how the camera works, it's a tad weird but you get use to it after a while, Playing on a laptop, specifically an MX17 Alienware, Win8, when you plug in or unplug your charger it will bring up the tactical display and turn on chase camera so you will need to bind these to a key to turn these modes off, because atm they aren't bound by default."
76561197994389401,Recommended,236150,34987901,Posted: 15 September,all,crazzy,"Great game, Always a good one to come back to when you need a break"
76561198027844344,Recommended,236150,9540451,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,adamdrake7,I not cooooking!
76561197972855328,Recommended,236150,14567841,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Karr,The best review I can give this game is it makes me feel like I am playing Freelancer to a point then becomes its own game.
,Recommended,236150,19077357,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Demonbox,"Amazing devs, very nice comunity... Oh this is not a review of the game?OK here it is:The game is very good, sort of a light version of the various X games (it's missing the deep economy and the station building/handling aspects), but has almost everything else (ship capturing included), on the other hand is way easier to get into.There are 2 main modes, ""storyline"" and ""sandbox"", but also on story mode you can go your own way ingoring the main missions."
76561198037037478,Recommended,236150,19466920,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Romans 1:18-22,"Fairly good space sim.  Ship classes, customization, and combat are very good but not what I feel is fitting for a game @ this one's full price.  Ship capture is certainly the most fun and rewarding part of the game, but it gets old.  Especially the slow crawl to a space station to tow your prize.  After about 30 hours I'm about ready to shelve this game even though I haven't finished it.  I do like the game, its just not priceworthy.  Grab it @ -75% or better."
76561197984073326,Recommended,236150,25182538,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Libra,Good game.
,Recommended,236150,20203206,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Antibody,It's like a single-player Eve Online experience.
76561198001049745,Recommended,236150,30006145,Posted: 18 February,all,ThaWolf,"I really liked this Game, sure the story could have been fleshed out better, and many little things could have been made better or descibed better,[primary Target for autofire, changes your game alot!], nevertheless, overall its a pretty fun Spacegame!"
,Recommended,236150,20188075,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KaZumaTree,"Fans of space games will find a solid offering here, in 3D!+ Takes the Starpoint Gemini universe into current gen, and in ful 3D space instead of the flat 2d playing field!+ Unique ship designs, beautiful space locales, and effects-filled combat makes this a good looker.+ A solid campaign that will take you from the lowly privateer with barely a junk heap to their name to a captain of the space lanes with a massive dreadnought under their command. Don't want that? Sure, play the open universe instead and do it your way.- UI is an acquired taste, admittedly.- Camera control feels a touch too floaty and detached from the player, which can be annoying to aggravating depending upon circumstance.- Combat between ships can seem to be arbitrary, and limited to small number engagements.- Ship designs and ship mechanics, whilst unique, dont give hints as to which does what, and where.- Some gameplay mechanics can be rather obfuscated, or missing entirely.- Game was released somewhat buggy and missing some features."
76561198083496257,Not Recommended,236150,8099337,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Professor Plum,"It's a mix of okay, frustrating and boring.The missions are either too easy when starting out and progress extremely slowly,or they just kill you very fast because they mixed high level and low level NPC.The universe map is very small overall as compared to other games currently available.It can be traveled in a short while using the many means they have for fast travel.The ships are decent, but cargo holds are far too small for mining.Trading is rediculous and pointless since there is only a few items and with the tinycargo holds on the ships you make easily as much just hanging out by one miningstation and shooting rocks. That's the biggest problem with these little indie gamesthey have such bad trading featues. It seemed like a few dozen items to maybe a couplehundred if I was to add all the stations.There really isn't anything well done in the game, nor is anything done badly.If there was a middle level, I would pick that. There are so many similar games to thisone that it seems to have nothing new or worthwhile investigating.Otherwise I wouldn't suggest buying it, unless you're just into trying new space games.It's not bad, but not good either.I bought all the DLC and it had a very poor startup asking me if I wanted to use them, whichI think is rather pointless since I bought them and they should just be add on features in game.They really need to expand the trading in this game and the universe... both are far too small."
76561197962792706,Recommended,236150,31279345,Posted: 21 April,all,Johnneren,"Great game :), a few kinks here and there but all in all it has been a very enjoyable experience so far."
76561197993945170,Recommended,236150,31287027,Posted: 21 April,all,The Zapper,"Bought this (and the expansions) for just under $7 at the recent steam sale.  I have to admit, I feel like I'm ""Cheating"" the devs.  This is a quality game well beyond what they ask for it.I'm the type who loves space sims.  X series, Elite series, and various other space games (KSP!).  This stands up to them (and much better than X Rebirth!).Large sandbox and mission style play.On the downside (compared to the other games): No ""Base building"" and it's economy is rudimentary.   But space combat , movement, travel, and general sandbox is very good.  Last 40 hours I've played just the base game, will soon turn on the expansion.  Capturing ships is fun, and on par with the X series.Good job, will buy the devs new game: Starpoint Gemini Warlards."
76561198268193917,Recommended,236150,31319280,Posted: 23 April,all,Laceon,"Star Point Genimini 2 is an open world space sim with tons of ships to choose from and plenty of space to blow them up in. The combat is fairly basic but in a good fight can become tactical in some manners, such as shield/armor/speed tanking. The weapons are not too exciting, small variety and needs some randomization to help with the very few good weapons in the game (Rail guns are basically the best i have noted, accuracy and dmg).The graphics are pretty and the ships are fun to look at.  Though even on low settings my computer has a lot of lag when traveling from sector to sector (specs below*).  It runs alright on a laptop but still laggy.The map is fairly big with random events that are basically all you do, which in turn makes the story line very bland.  The story line itself is lethargic and not very engaging and the voice acting does not help.  The missions get fairly repetitve, go here blow this up or repair that thing, however, there is a fair variety of ways to make cash.  I thought its cool you can capture enemy ships and sell them. Trading and mining are pretty mediocre, but in a big ship you can haul more. You need a constant income to keep up your fleet, this can be challenging sometimes because you just bought a bunch of shiny stuff, which will just bottom out later in the game because you have the best crap.All in all i recommend this game, its pretty dope and simple to play, it definately needs some balancing and factions dont really matter.  It can be a little CPU heavy at times on a laptop.  Be prepared for a lot of down times, there can be a lot of flying around to do.7.5/10Pros:Fun and Easy GameplayGood Looking Ships And Tons Of ThemChallengingAddictiveGood Diversity Of Money MakingCons:Lame Story LineHUD Needs Some Help (Mostly Needs A Target Disply On The HUD)Controls Can Be A Little WonkyNeeds Balancing (Ships and Weapons / Not Enough Actual Variety)Faction Relations Only Matter If You Are Trying To DockIntel Core i3-6100U 2.3 GHzIntel HD 5204 GB RAM"
76561197998863888,Recommended,236150,23961120,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Maillos,"Little Green Men Games and Iceberg Interactive	have created a fantastic game.Great work, great support and keep on going."
76561197968116408,Recommended,236150,14970539,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,A highly fun game. It was one my surprise hits of 2014.  The campaign is not its strongest point as well as the level to money ratio for upgrading you ship.But I managed to have plenty of enjoyment of this cracking Indie (Early Access) title.
,Recommended,236150,24338550,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Riverstone,"Great sound track, cool space graphics. Make sure you get the version that comes with the game soundtrack. Get this game on Steam sale. $4.99 = worth it."
,Recommended,236150,25715285,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,chech,"If you are going to play this game, don't bother opening it until you see a video that teaches you how to board ships. This game's economy is useless/broken without this feature, and it isn't taught ingame. First time I played I got bored to death in two hours and left it. Months later, I saw a gameplay, found out how to board ships, and tadaaa, new game!It's not going to be the best game of your life, but you can spend a few hours having fun.And for those that say that it's like a solo EVE, it has absolutely nothing to do, EVE is much better, but it's a great PvP gank feast built exclusively for gankers."
,Recommended,236150,22462205,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mecha King Kong,"I don't know why this has so many negative reviews. Although slightly repetitive, the game is deep and fun."
76561198034513773,Not Recommended,236150,18532548,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,68plex,"This game is unbalanced. Apart from an unengaging story line with bare-bones, tired story missions, the free roam (the idea of which I love) becomes stalled and unsatisfying because of the unbalanced gameplay. Your rank quickly surpasses your ability to upgrade to better ships. This means the missions generated for your rank level are mostly impossible - as noted by the threat lvl attached to your target's info display IMPOSSIBLE - because you're still flying around in a pea shooter. Impossible engagements for missions of my level? That's absurd! I quickly realized that at around lvl 10, the only time I was actually completing those missions was when heavy allied ships were there to do the brunt of the damage. I realized I was doing next to nothing, very unsatifying, and only survived because the target's fire was directed elsewhere.So you spend your time wandering aimlessly trying to find easier missions which are few and far between. Also maddening is capturing ships - far and away the best means for generating credits - but which is nearly always hampered by allied ships blowing your target away before you can either commence or complete a capture attemptSo, if you like withering fire directed at your ship (who's shields are about as strong as plastic wrap), love constantly wrangling with camera controls, love grinding hour after hour after hour for little gain, and you absolutely adore constantly reloading save games, go get this thing. You'll love it."
,Recommended,236150,22170335,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Painless,Good game.  Very enjoyable.
76561198027954037,Recommended,236150,22181516,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Horizonist,"If you loved Freelancer, this will make you the happiest person on Earth."
76561198049565831,Not Recommended,236150,20801443,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bi-Curious George,"The voice acting is only slightly better than Starpoint Gemini 1, which was pretty horrible. It is pretty cringworthy most of the time, making it hard to get into the game.Look, its an alright space game, but not really worth spending money on, Rebel Galaxy is far superior in  every way. Really not worth $35, its just sad there aren't more solid space games to put a higher standard to this genre."
76561198020554800,Not Recommended,236150,20856109,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SizeDoesMatter,"This game is still so buggy, f**k that."
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,236150,19251646,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sevrin,"Maybe one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest tutorials I've ever seen. Assaulting your player with a wall of text is not only unnessecary it's the kind of thing that makes someone not want to learn at all.So far my experience with playing is trying to learn a bunch of features that look like they aren't really useful by reading text that's almost too small to read. Waiting for my slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ship with no boost of any kind to EVENTUALLY reach the destination. Fighting something, taking almost no damage then suddenly after the fight finding myself in a different place looking at the planet ahead from a different angle with significant ship damage. and eventually reaching the planet at which point I quit because the game was too slow and poorly made."
,Not Recommended,236150,22619431,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,wolfm,"Many people have already mentioned the mediocre(to say the least) main campaign with the poor voice acting and the uninteresting plot.The map on the other hand is quite large but for the most part empty except for some generic space stations( used to buy and sell loot and save the game) and mining platforms(used for nothing whatsover).There are quite a few ship types but the way they are used is quite similar so the difference between a small gunboat and a massive carrier is relatively minimum.There are some RPG elements where you can choose perks for your hero but they are rudimentary at best.And as a final thought the DLC Secrets of Aethera has a ""beautiful"" bug that forbids you from advancing the campaign after you discover Kepler station while the Titans DLC completely lacks voiceovers even for your protagonist."
,Not Recommended,236150,22221840,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,尋覓交配對象,Good game for background and character variety but awkward controls ruined everything... Thumb down， sorry
,Recommended,236150,25642066,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,3arls,Nearly perfect controls and experience - you can be cockpit bound glory hunter or fleet commander.
76561198167515788,Recommended,236150,18856802,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,LockScarecrow,Pretty sweet space sim
76561198111307180,Not Recommended,236150,15879460,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,justinnew37,i really like the game but its constantly crashing/run time errors ive never had problems like this with any other games. the worse is when game crashes you lose all progress...only auto saves at space stations so its terrible if your trying to do raids or freelance missions to make money. i would recommend the game if it didnt crash so much but i makes it almost unplayable its so frequent.
,Recommended,236150,13717212,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lumpensolker,"Mount & Blade IN SPESS! with SPESS LAZORSThe game is quite good. No, really. While it feels unfinished, it IS definitely enjoyable, and more updates are on the way. Get it while it's hot."
,Recommended,236150,25842141,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Galaxian,Better than Elite Dangerous.
,Recommended,236150,14569974,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Clint,Meh...
76561198140266514,Recommended,236150,18963997,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Don Corleone,"Its fun. Whats more to say? Big Ship, Blow Everything Up, Be The Most Jackass Man In History, Search For NEP NEP, Hunt For Captain BlackBeard and more!!except for the voice casting, story and the lore.....its really awfull....OTHER ThAN THAT ITS FUN!!!"
76561198144935274,Recommended,236150,28135173,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,nathanhorden,I once went hunting for a single ship. Ended up wiping out half the Empire before I found my target.
76561197980241343,Recommended,236150,18270726,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,236150,18596813,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SuperNeutral,Fantastic
76561198008333005,Recommended,236150,25472970,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Buddha,solid space rpg type cool ships and gameplay. Camera angles can get tricky but I just use auto targeting. all in all a sweet game
,Recommended,236150,28342089,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fenris,"It's good, it's fun, it's imersive, it's one fine game"
76561198045816253,Not Recommended,236150,15883494,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,drmansell,"Game is pretty bland, there are hardly any other ships around.  The trading and mining options are not worth the hassle, I gave it a try and found I was just wasting time. This game is good at churning your time for no feeling of accomplishment, I've sunk heaps of time trying to get somewhere!!  It gets very much the same experience at each sector and becomes pretty predictable.Pretty much you have one option, which is try to find a weaker/same strength ship, attack it, capture it and take it back for $$.  There is no other way that I've found to make any money that will make any significant difference to your bank balance, trading and mining are useless. The amount of time I have spent in the game has hardly earned me any decent upgrades.Some of the physics are cool, like going through wormholes that make you go through sectors faster and get away from strong enemies.I kept trying to like this game, but it's not for me."
,Recommended,236150,28432722,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,thegoresucker300,Great game with grand modding potential.
76561198042234000,Recommended,236150,7394958,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Mr Moopsy,"It may be an early Alpha, but so far, this alpha kicks @$$. It is a great game, even in its very early development. Frequent updates and friendly devs. Give it a look."
76561198114717248,Recommended,236150,19572442,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,cookie monster,omg
76561198043831585,Not Recommended,236150,8744496,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cap. Boeing,"I have read many reviews saying that the alpha version of Starpoint Gemini 2 is perfectly playable. Unfortunately it was not what happened when I installed the game on my PC. The game has had a lot of lag (my video card is old but has 2 GB, DDR3). I tried to change the video settings, but several options are displayed but not available. The pixel font in the game interface is distorted in my video resolution. In smaller text, is unreadable. I am waiting for the final version to see if I can finally play for real, because the game is graphically beautiful and have a promising gameplay."
,Recommended,236150,31475485,Posted: 30 April,all,Prepoznator,fun time killer space game for relaxing after those fps games.
76561198139474285,Not Recommended,236150,22206999,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ryujin,"I know many people will not agree with me, but it's my opinion so just stick with meThis game has good basics, it is well thought up but has at least 3 flaws.1. The Tutorial is kind of tedious. at least in my experience2, The game has not aged very well.3. for the same amount of money there are better space sim games available.I would recommend this game to people who love this type of game and can handle these flaws but for me, its definetly a no-no"
,Not Recommended,236150,22300812,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Nolik,repetitive missioin
76561198126959055,Not Recommended,236150,22301563,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Joe Smilie,"It's not a bad game.I wouldn't pay the full price for this game. If you get it on sale, it's definately worth about 40 hrs of your time.--The space combat was very straightforward. Point and shoot. You win, you lose.Exploration was... very simple, almost entirely predictable.There were a lot of asteroid and debri fields. I don't think I spent more than 30min fumbling around in the very first one. I could have missed out on a very important part of the game by ignoring this activity.Trade was well thought out. Unfortunately there was no reason to participate in it. Overwhelming amounts of money had no real purpose. In other games, you could use massive fortunes to create space stations, buy sectors, buy planets, enable trade routes. I never saw that in this game (maybe I just missed it). Capturing and selling ships was more profitable, more entertaining.Money could be used to upgrade a particular weapon, endlessly, but it felt like a lazy money-sink. Investing in it made combat too easy. You could rent wing-men, but they were largely pointless if you acquired the above weapon.An alarming number of ships were useless in almost all situations. There didn't seem to be a way to improve a ship, if you liked it. There were modular upgrades that could be added and removed, but this seemed more like a standard approach - the upgrades must be done or this ship will be even more useless. I mention this, specifically, because I would have traded the money-sink weapon for a money-sink ship improvement system.The acting was good enough. The story was below average (which made the acting seem a lot worse than it was). Playing the main story may actually lower your over-all opinion of this game, which isn't uncommon for a space game. You have the option, in the game, to skip the main story entirely.There were some bugs in the game. Some of the bugs enabled exploits, so I'll avoid detailing them."
76561198046620088,Not Recommended,236150,22364348,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,G!7d@ !r3,"There is no way to reverse the flight controls for playing with a controller(I don't play where down is up and up is down). I constantly over shoot my target and I am getting extremely frustrated with this garbage! I refuse to pilot a spaceship with a mouse or keyboard.That is one of the worst tutorials I have ever seen. It would have been better to just let people figure it out on their own. Joystick +/-? The button layout says RB(xbox) and the tutorial says JOYSTICKBUTTON6?This game looks awesome and I just spent 20 minutes setting it up(trying to) and eagerly watching the open movie/tutorial to realise that I probably can't enjoy this without drastically changing the way I play...for this?It's not ""that"" awesome.1/10(beautiful graphics)"
76561198029072236,Not Recommended,236150,22206642,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jaradiel,"Poor graphics, unintuitive and a very complex control scheme. Mission trackers could be a lot better as well as gameplay overall. This game needs a lot of work to even be playable, let alone enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,236150,22305290,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Treefart,Won't even run for more than 5 minutes.  Contacted the developer via email and the forums and received no help.   Another game for my steam graveyard..I waited to long for a refund.
76561197996370043,Not Recommended,236150,22651226,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,EngineSeer,"TL; DR Its a trap! Great fun at start, absolutely mind numbingly boring towards the end.You start with a gunship and the map is huge right? Then you fly around doing freelance missions (10k each) to get your first ship which costs around 200k. After a while, you notice the 200k ship is not so different then the one you have, so you start eyeing that 2m ship which is significantly better. But how can you get 2m? By boarding other ships, thats how.The game is as long as it takes you to get that first 2m ship, philedelphia if I remember correctly. After that you resupply your marines and look for other ships. doing it will net you around 30m + some dreads. It took me 3-4 days to get that 2m ship since I enjoyed every view, mission and etc for a while. Everything was challenging. I thought the game was a little like eve. No.Around the 5 day mark I almost had/sold/destroyed every ship in the game and I was invincible. A mission? let me just warp in to melee range and press f (auto fire). A side mission 15 levels above? No problem. Massive battle near station with 10+ enemy ships packed together + hero? Let me just warp in melee again and turn different sides of my ship since shields on one side went down to 50%.  After 5 days of casual play there was NOTHING to contest my ship and I had not even started the MAIN CAMPAIGN.Noticing this, I immediately started the campaign and finished it in several hours. Everyone was saved, lots of joy, yay. But, nothing changed on the map. I had somehow brought the dlc's as well, and there is a bug in titans main quest which forces you to free roam. There are fixes for it but I do not have the patience to ""play"" this anymore.Oh and you can't destroy enemy stations, hell the shots go right through.Also why are there so few weapons and systems. You buy/capture a 30m ship and all you can put on them are the same measly crap that exists in almost all stations everywhere. There is no chance of variation or strategy. Why the hell would you cloak?"
76561198007311588,Not Recommended,236150,22319617,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Michael DeMicco,Just bought this game last weekend during their sale.  DOn't buy it until they fix their bugs.  The game crashes for numerous reasons.  This game is a total waste of money in its current form.
76561198075758798,Not Recommended,236150,18518502,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,VintageMerc,"Extremely high learning curve, and very confusing controls; tutorial is not engaging and offers no help."
,Not Recommended,236150,22204141,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NaomiLynn,"Not going to put alot of effort into this since it has been nothing but a pain. Like the premise for the game and even the game mechanics. Seems like it would be an awesome game if it would actually play. Keeps crashing, using gtx980 GPU so there should not be any graphics limitations yet it still keep going to a white screen while game continues to run and allow commands. Tried a bunch of different things to fix it, playing in windowed mode, not overclocking the GPU which it usually is for the hell of it, and even disabling nvidia experience (which seemed to fix it, turns out it didnt just let it play longer). Done trying to play this, THANK GOD the game was on sale, so im only out 8 bucks for buying the game and all DLC in one go. Won't try to play this game again until i see that it updates and says something about fixing crash issues. Hope this helps anyone reading. P.S. using windows 10"
,Not Recommended,236150,22324221,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DrMatt,Awful combat and poor balancing. Not enough money to purchase upgrades to keep up with leveling.
76561198032576255,Not Recommended,236150,35515461,Posted: 6 October,all,13Sins,Game does not work properly. All cutscenes or pre-directed scenes freeze after 5 seconds. It makes it basically unplayable.
76561198041133313,Not Recommended,236150,9829946,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,valus_6,"Cant say that at this point in the games dev that i recommend it... It is a very good looking game but for the time i've played there just isnt anything to do...Unless u want to blow up chunks of rocks or do the i think 3-5 repetitive ""freelance"" missions...I think the game will have the freelancer feel maybe when the story line is added in but yea as of right now the game is just open space and boring missions.....Kill this guy,take this guy somewhere,rescue that guy,repair this station,scan this thing....The ship controls for me seem very slow, i find i have to slow right down to almost stopping to come around to be able to fire on the bad guys..And then on some missions to kill some ship i find that no matter how long i shoot at it the shields dont go down past halfway...and sometimes the viewing angle is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that when i am aiming straight at the ship my lasers fly off nowhere near where im aiming...Because the view is over the top of the ship on an agle i feel that trying to fly somewhere is a challenge because i think im aiming my ship at the mark but im actually over or under it,never straight at it...The game seems to play pretty good, there is a little bit of jumpiness sometimes but its not that bad..I find that everything like new guns and upgrades are really expensive and doing the little missions on offer dont pay enough so havent been able to really do much to my ship...So to sum up.... Game right now = Nothing to do....maybe when story is added it might get better :)So as of this point in time i would not spend the $25 bucks like i did because this game is a shell....I would find a copy of freelancer cause i think thats the kind of game that eventually this game will become..."
76561198072849131,Not Recommended,236150,23473568,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,sylvioctf,"Not a good game at all. Poor controllers, poor storyline. The idea is good, but the execution flawed. I bought this game thinking it could be a modern sucessor of Freelancer, a game I had several hours of playing experience and nice memories. Starpoint Gemini 2 is nothing of that. Save your money to purchase other stuff."
76561198007730439,Not Recommended,236150,31161670,Posted: 15 April,all,rm,"massive waste of time, missions you can actually take are few and far between, combat consists of going round in circles chasing an arrow."
,Not Recommended,236150,12251655,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,pixel all the things,"Lots of positive reviews on here convinced me to pick this one up while I wait for Star Citizen to drop. The comparisons to EVE are a joke and the two hold nearly nothing in common. Freelancer and Privateer? Sure. More recently, I'd compare this to Galaxy on Fire.SG2 is nothing more than a sandbox space game. If that's all you want then you'll get a decent game. The interface and user experience could use a bit of work as well as additional options to sort/organize commodities and equipment. I honestly didn't expect it to reach version 1 in it's current state and really it could have benefited from several more months of dev time. Customization is very limited. Combat is fairly solid. You're free to do as you please, exploring the galaxy and making friends/enemies wherever you go.I just wish there was something to drive the player beside their own goal. SG2 is lacking any sort of story. No big deal, it's a sandbox; I get it. Little story arc type missions would add so much though. Or a mission board to pick up missions in a more traditional fashion. Or the notion of of carrying out jobs for a particular company as a series of missions and work your way up. As it is, the game consists of flying around without direction, checking your map for freelance opportunities, accepting an opportunity, fly to the waypoint and either kill the badguy, or pick up and deliver cargo.  Mission done. Repeat until you can afford an ungodly expensive new ship and start again. They're the typical space game missions. It's a grind. And for me, if I'm going to grind at least give a me sense of purpose in doing so. Overall, this to me, is still a beta and was rushed out without any clear direction."
76561198021735489,Not Recommended,236150,35046346,Posted: 18 September,all,Immigrant2earth,"I loved this game, it was great fun, played it on my laptop and desktop hours, Past tense! , there was an update that caused it to lag, crash and become very choppy and unplayable, while i have to give credit to the devs for their activity on the forums, non of the solutions or patches seemed to correct the problems,Cannot currently recomend the game, at any price, as it may not work :(these problems have frankly put me of buying warlords for fear the same problems will accor in the future."
76561198007459581,Not Recommended,236150,14863642,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,michaeldenny,Its pretty.Its shiny.its.........its.........its fun for about five hours.
76561197982700616,Recommended,236150,9555513,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,loganxcalibur,"Recent update fixed the 100% crash issue.  Game is very interesting indeed now.  A little challenging with the attack, but I can see how this will grow with introduction of other ships.  Looking forward to enjoying my purchase and it progresses."
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,236150,13662245,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fritzl,"Kind of boring, no real point to the game. Space invaders meets Star Trek Fleet command, would have been good about 8 years ago.Overly simple."
76561198028551675,Not Recommended,236150,12333580,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jesse,"OK guys. If i were you, i would wait to pick this up. This game on the serface looks really good. And dont get me wrong, a game like this is good. I like the idea and game play.... Its just it still has alot of work to go, even though its released.There is alot of bugs... and i do mean alot.Alot of the voices are missing. And it has bad voice acting... realy really bad voice acting. Like ""2 worlds"" kind of bad (well maybey not that bad, but still).The game lags out the butt. I had to turn the graphics down just so i could travle around. There is no fast travle so most of the time, you are just flying from mission to mission. Everything in the game is rediculusly expensive so expect to grind for ever for a decent ship. (but i have herd you can modify saved games if you want to cheat.) I have had the game crash on me 3 times so far. Missions some times bug out, leaving you to restart the game or mision. You can only save while your docked, so  that long travle that took you like 10 mins... your going to have to do that again if you die or fail. (Witch will happen alot because the missions dont give you clear orders, so you might end up killing something your suposed to board, or boarding something you have to kill) No checkpoints in this game. I love space sims/games... but i am going to be on the look out for an update. This game does suport moding though. so there is that.Any way like i said... wait to pick up this game... if its on sale that would be the only reason i would pick it up. (sry for miss spells)."
76561198035568559,Not Recommended,236150,12333943,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,andrew_urbanski,Buggy.  Frustratingly so.
76561198002355790,Recommended,236150,9918741,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,bananaSplif,nice
,Not Recommended,236150,13669491,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Llyagushen,"Seems unfinished. Tutorials are lacking.The combat is frustrating. For example, I had to search the wiki, guides and forums for some time to find the answer to a very simple question: how to attack neutral ships. The answer is - you have to attack them with manual fire, because automatic fire (aimed by AI) only works on targets that are already hostile. Which is another problem altogether: it's very hard to aim anything non-stationary with manual fire.There is no lead reticle, there is no auto-pilot which can help you align with the enemy so you can properly aim. I had to circle a neutral gunship for 10 minutes and was unable to hit it with light weapons, which don't require ammo (though I had a slow-firing, slow-recharging gun, might have been easier with a faster weapon). I had to use my heavy weapon after all, a homing missile, though I could finish my target with one or two shots from the light turret. I could accept the minimal UI assistance if I wasn't in command of a high-tech space ship. It's OK in WWII flight sim, and very much awful in a sci-fi setting.Maybe this isn't an issue when engaging big ships, but still is frustrating. There was a suggestion to add the lead reticule. It was suggested more than half a year ago, the developer said it's a good idea(http://steamcommunity.com/app/236150/discussions/3/540741131252960350/). Now the game is out of Early Access for more than 3 months and this is still not implemented.There are other things which still aren't working. For example, you can't delete completed missions from your quest log despite it having a ""Delete"" button. The only way to remove those completed quest is to load a savegame. It's not a big deal, but it shows that the game lacks polish. Another example: hitting ""Reset"" in keybinding menu will reset your graphic options along with the keys.I haven't played the campaign much. Still, it doesn't hook you very well. It starts as a generic revenge story. And without explaining anything the game wants you to go and collect stupid plot coupons to get any idea about what the hell is going on. In short: boring.The description on the store page says the game has ""tons of RPG depth"". I disagree. Having three classes each with just 4 skills, a dozen ""perks"" (rather dull compared to, say, Fallout perks) is not RPG depth in my book. And there isn't enough social interaction with NPCs for this game to feel like an RPG. Space Rangers 2 resembles an RPG much-much more than Starpoint Gemini 2 (it's also a much better game so try it if you haven't).The graphics are OK. Nothing impressive. I liked the music in the main menu. That's about all the pros I could find.All in all Starpoint Gemini 2 is a rather bland Elite/Privateer-like game without any cool features to be excited about. Or maybe I haven't found them yet. One reviewer mentioned the game being an acquired taste.I try it again after finishing with more worthwhile games I bought at the current sale, but right now it will have to rest. It's my first big miss during this sale."
76561198039663245,Recommended,236150,11320984,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,facciola007,Quickly becomming my favorite game
76561198074021832,Not Recommended,236150,21534304,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,STELLAMANDAVE,"Seriously boring!!!!! I`ve only been playing a couple of hours and im finding this game incredibly repetitive. I bought the game based on the good reviews left on here but now ive played the game i have no idea why people have left such good reviews. The voice acting through the campaign is shockingly bad, every mission is the same - left click a point on the map to fly there, shoot something till its dead, listen to bad voice acting, open map and repeat. The combat is awful, you and your opponent just keep circling each other exchanging fire until he dies. If this game had cost me a fiver i`d of been like ""meh, fair enough"" but i think i paid about 25 quid and after just a couple of hours of playing i can honestly say ill never play this game again. Dont waste you money folks!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,236150,15872788,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,otokoyo,"Garbage, The tutorial mission to start the game kills you every time. Redownloaded game, tutorial still kills and ends game. Sandbox mode is okay but campaign is broken."
,Recommended,236150,25270314,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Luke Groundwalker,Space Simulator: CheckAchievements: CheckStory: CheckFreeroam: CheckSingle-Player: CheckRPG: CheckDeveloper Responses: At the speed of lightNot developed by Hello Games: Check
,Not Recommended,236150,22240917,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"This Review is based on the ""Freeroam"" game and does not concern the storylinesStarpoint Gemini 2 (SP2) is a sort of tactical space-combat simulator with RPG elements. At the start of the game you pick a character avatar and name, a class and one of three starter ships. Then it plops you down in the newbie-friendly area of Planet Trinity and gets you started with some context-sensitive tutorials.Gameplay is fairly straightforward. You have a map of the universe, and as you fly around various missions become available. You can accept any of these missions; they can be a number of things: straight Assassination missions (destroy the target), Escort or protection missions (preserve an allied target and destroy enemy targets), repair missions (fly to a structure and use the middle-click context menu to repair it), taxi missions (fly VIP from point A to point B), smuggle missions (fly contraband cargo from point A to point B). Each mission provides some cash, experience and either positive or negative reputation.The reputation system is not spectacular. There are ""bad"" factions and ""good"" factions. Doing missions for the good factions, or blowing up the ships of bad factions, rewards positive rep. Vice-versa for the bad factions. If you want to work with the ""bad"" factions, you need to acquire negative rep. However, there are a handful of ""fanatic"" factions that you can never join, and destroying them ALSO rewards positive reputation,even if they are the target of a bad faction mission. I tried a couple playthroughs; the first time I didn't pay any attention to rep and within a few hours I was close to maxing out my positive rep (+2500 points). The next day I attempted to build negative rep, not knowing how the rep system worked (it's not explained well in the tutorials or anywhere else) and it took many hours of trial and error, and reading the Steam discussion forum, to figure out what was going on. In short the game is heavily balanced in favor of working for the ""good"" factions. The only way to change reputation outside of missions and combat is to find a ""good"" or ""bad"" structure and kill it (actually disable it, it's still there in a deactivated state) by holding down the fire button for a solid minute or two.Making cash in the game is equally frustrating. Most missions provide piddly amounts of cash, and the biggest incentive to earn money is to buy a bigger, badder ship. Missions also award experience, however, and raising your level tends to raise the level of threats you face. At level 10 there is a rather steep increase to the difficulty of missions involving combat. You are probably still in your gunship, when your targets become freighters and destroyers. This is even in the easiest area of the map (areas of the map are ""leveled"" in some aspect; how exactly is somewhat opaque). Effectively this locks you out of the most fun and rewarding missions, those involving combat. Inquiries to the devs on the Steam forums as to how this leveling-scaling works were ineffective.Ironically, the best way to make money is to simply pirate other ships. This is not inherently a ""bad"" move: as long as you are pirating the ships of the ""bad"" factions, you will gain positive reputation. Pirated ships call sell for between 100k to a million or more, depending on the ship and it's cargo. Capturing a ship is a fairly simple game of ""who has more troopers"". Even with extensive buffing of your troopers strength via skills and perks, it's effectively impossible to take a ship that has more men; taking one with equal numbers is a roll of the dice. There are videos available on the interwebs explaining this in more detail. Again, none of this is addressed in-game.There is more to talk about, such as the levelling, the exploration aspect, and the ""sideline"" missions that advance some sort of story in freeroam (it seems to be a ""good"" centric story, unfortunately for people hoping to be an enterprising space pirate; it is however completely optional). But I don't want to go on for ages. Is this game worth $42.00 (core game + DLC)? Absolutely not. It's a fairly amateur product that is struggling with balance and weird game-crashing bugs years after it's debut. The dev company is by their own admission very small, and their players seem to know the game better than them; unfortunately the wiki is highly underdeveloped, leaving brand-new players in the dark. This game was bought while it was on sale at 80% off; $10 is a perfectly reasonable price for a game that will entertain for about a week. If you're interested in deep simulation and RP opportunities, look elsewhere. If you want a pretty simple, fun game that looks good and doesn't take a lot of research to grasp, this may be the title for you."
76561197961498941,Not Recommended,236150,13260753,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fox,"Great concept, but falls well short of the X3 series.The storyline isn't bad, but the only decent way to make any speedy money is capturing ships.I love doing that, but Freelancer did a better job of letting you make money trading.I wouldn't have even written a review if it wasn't for the bugs.Ships that are 'trivial' ranked randomly had weapons that could one-shot your ship. I'm talking about a frigate that drops your cruiser or dreadnaught to 0 with a single beam blast or missile.  Break the Line had it happen time and time again. I only beat that mission by going back to a station each time I went to another waypoint to save.Towards (what I assume) is the end I was supposed to jump somewhere to take back the starpoint, only the game just went to a black screen.  I had become so increasingly buggy and the gameplay so slow at that point that I've decided to cut my losses and uninstall the game."
,Not Recommended,236150,13171777,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MreeBiPolar,"This game absolutely should be labeled an early access title. Gameplay is EXTREMELY limited and repetitive, and many things just don't work.Definitely not worth even the sale price so far. Even the infamous Dark Star is better."
76561198011270411,Not Recommended,236150,25363424,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SiFi,"Combat is uninspired, skills are dull, and trading isnt worth it. Starpoint Gemini 2 is great for those who fantasize about being a trader, but every other aspect of the game is a flop.If you want to fly in space trading goods, get this, you will enjoy it. If you want engaging gameplay, you are better off with just about any other space sim out there."
76561198172762754,Not Recommended,236150,22763589,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bowman60uk,"If you have a windows 10 system, it will be luck of the draw if the games works or crashes outall the time.  good concept but not supported now.  hopfully the new star point will be more stable.  (left a comment to this and it was removed for some reason :()"
76561197970956777,Recommended,236150,31925301,Posted: 23 May,all,SnowMan,Worth a play on sale
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,236150,22208050,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,Way too confusing for new players. I've tried twice to get into the game but I have no idea what 3/4 of the icons or controls mean and the game doesn't explain most of them.
76561197993487335,Recommended,236150,22228301,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Scrappy Coco,Get this game. Simple.
76561198126388593,Recommended,236150,28328178,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,churays,"'Can't save the game outside?Fine.Game crashes?Fine.Fighted for twenty minutes while grapping a dreadnaught,and the game crashed?I'm an idot had i play it again!'10/10 excellent game that helps you think about the meaning of life and time.Damn it i've played the game for nearly 50 hours No point struggling with merely 20 ninutes !So i restarted it.Don't mind what i've said.--------------------------------------------------------Gosh!The community manager repetead.On christmas!Got sand in my eyes and gonna check out SPGwarlords.← _←"
76561198116144428,Recommended,236150,18637305,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,sunsnow.other,I did enjoy it.
76561198006795437,Not Recommended,236150,22208010,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,snvhill,"It's not necassarily a bad game.  But between the things that weren't for me, the horrible tutorial, the ridiculously small sized writing on screen, and the lack of certain options I decided not to continue with it.  There are much worse games out there and I don't begrude anyone liking it but there's a couple of big issues that make it REALLY not for everyone and push it into the 'do not recommend' category."
,Not Recommended,236150,22219772,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,madSimon,"I've tried repeatedly to get into this game, but it's just awkward all around. The unskippable bad voice acting just made it unplayable for me."
76561198023414821,Recommended,236150,28112609,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,erichfitz,"Just a short review here, I'm obsessed with Sci Fi, and futuristic space literature. Everything from the Honorverse to Star Wars. This definitely satisfies the itch I get to live out the situations seen or read anywhere else. Plus, the developers rock. They respond to community posts, and geniunely care about making a game that people can play and enjoy.Seriously. Stop reading and go buy it."
76561198071464984,Not Recommended,236150,16413249,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MotorboatinTitties@SlappinAsses,"Was wayyyyy too repetitive, hard to understand how to play, and no story that I noticed.  Hopefully it has improved, but I've been wary to try again since the last few updates came through.  Seemed like it could be good, but never was while I played it."
,Not Recommended,236150,18364514,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hel1mutt,This game is just a slog to play. Repititive missions and boring combat just bring down the fun of exploring an entire system. Not to mention the single player campaign which is dull and has terrible voice acting which distract from a compelling story involving empires and alien technology. This game should feel epic but instead just feels like disappointment.
76561198172568086,Not Recommended,236150,22221245,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,KiLEdEnNis,"takes 10 minutes to fly to a place, do a boring job for a minute & then fly 10 minutes againlevel up? dead? ha back to previous levelyou want to be able to save in space? too bad, fly 10 minutes to a base to do soboring, controls suck (the main targeting system too)"
76561198086245724,Recommended,236150,31386229,Posted: 26 April,all,calihead,Love this game
,Recommended,236150,31482693,Posted: 1 May,all,Betelgeuse,"i somehow have dlc for this game, and have play time, but i have only ever played this game on an ipad"
,Not Recommended,236150,17728377,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,VG|C Ez,I did not spend alot of time playing this game.
,Not Recommended,236150,22206942,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Last Order,"Gameplay is alright, it's probably what you'd expect from a spaceship simulator or w/e.The devs are also really good at interacting with the community on steam forums (or at least they used to in early access, not sure about now)But the game has a lot of flaws & bugs.- Voice acting is probably the worst ive ever seen, and sometimes theres no voice during cutscenes (bug)- the cutscenes (where some side character talks to you before a mission) freeze your mouse & ship, but not everyone else around you. What does this mean? If enemies are in the area when the cutscene starts, you pretty much just get shot at for half a minute before you're able to react.-The supposed larger ship classes like Dreadnoughts and battleships are more or less the same size as smaller ship classes (like frigates and gunships, etc.). It's somewhat of a let down. I'll post a screenshot.-plot is pretty trash and repetitive. (Find NPC, Kill a few ships, repeat)screenshot: Frigate/Dreadnought Size Comparisonhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=658216264"
,Not Recommended,236150,22245342,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CodyG1299,nope.... just...NOPE
,Not Recommended,236150,26696300,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Prospero666,Maybe I have been ruined by EVE Online because I expect so much from space sims now. This game is boring and the combat is horribly repetitive.
76561197968891963,Not Recommended,236150,22277190,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cursed Fox,"ProsWorks fine with keyboard/mouseConsBad storyBad writingBad voice actingCapturing ships is the only way to make money.  Mining and trading have no point to them.  You'll get attacked, capping just one ship will earn you 10x of what you'll make doing that ONE run.  Capturing ships has a faction of the risk of mining/trading and takes just so much less time.  The way things are priced, capturing is the only way to go.HORRIBLE user interface.  Its like the game does its best to hold you back any way it can through the UI.  When docked it hides useful information, rather than showing it on the main screen.  Things like your hitpoints, your ammo, troopers, cargo room etc.  Plently of room for it when docked, but its hidden behind DIFFERENT tabs.  So before undocking, you have to check several tabs just to make sure you didnt forget anything.No ways to compare ships you dont own in game.No weapon comparision.No in game encyclopedia to see what gear you can get (I'd settle for what I've only seeneven)Ships have stats hidden in hard to find spots.  You get a better idea of the stats on the web than ingame.No market list of items available in each station (But you can check trade items, so the fuctionality is there)Just avoid this game.  Not worth the money, or even the time if it was free."
76561198048112555,Not Recommended,236150,22261945,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,RabbitSlayer27,"Explore a 2D solar system.Turn on auto-turret defense since you can rarely see the ships who are shooting at you anyway.Fly around and do the same missions over and over.Nice eye-candy, but weak game-play.I was a fan of Freelancer back in the day, so I wanted to like this one, but the experience is excessively blah."
,Not Recommended,236150,18400874,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kaminai,"Kind of feel sad to write a negative review for this game, as my first impressions were so positive. It does many things right, but the bottom line is without an engaging story theres really very little to keep your interest.Credit to the developers for helping to bring the space genre back alive, but they really need to go back to basics and provide a real experience like freespace instead of a sandbox hoping we'll just amuse ourselves."
76561198017768034,Not Recommended,236150,22199015,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Leighroy,"Like a refugee from Android tablet gaming, the bad voice acting and clunky UI annoyed me so much I refunded it after about half an hour."
,Not Recommended,236150,24999675,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SolSurvivor,"The game is nice with its large map to explore, but it feels so empty. It also gets quite boring moving from one place to another continuously for quests and side mission to rack up cash. The one thing I really liked from it was the ship capturing feature. It's just annoying to get used to. I layed about 24 hours on this game and it was fun...ish.I'm glad I got it on sale because $35 is not worth the little content contained in the game."
,Not Recommended,236150,19626523,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Bob,Completely unplayable on my overpowered machine.  Game crashes after playing for 5 minutes.  Attempted to resolve the issue by following the steps on the game's forums page.  The company has not responded to me in almost a month.
,Recommended,236150,29136520,Posted: 9 January,all,Satyroshka,EVE: Offline
76561198028618632,Not Recommended,236150,12266922,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Producer,"Although it's now 1.0 version and has campaign it's very buggy, and campaign is not worth it in any way.Take it if you like to find your own motivation in the game in a freeroam mode, but don't expect anything more from the game. It's like a cool ""sandbox"" space shooter with nothing else to it. missions that are there are all the same and boring.I'd give it a solid 4 if they did not say it's ""out"" already. If I would to judge this as a finished product - it's a solid 3, nice try."
,Recommended,236150,25687634,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Frendle,"Once upon a time I played a 2D game called ""Escape Velocity"", a game about being a space guy with a ship, going around the galaxy doing things for money and getting involved in various shenanigens.  It was very open, and it instantly made you feel like you weren't just an actor in a story, but a person in a universe.  Maybe you were some poor shlub with a cheap ship just taking whatever work you could get to make a buck, often risking your neck in the process or maybe eventually you were the coolguy captain with a beastly ship deciding the fate of whatever chunk of space you ended up in.  Either way you would be involved in cool space battles, or running in a panic from a situation you couldn't handle, or spending time carefully picking upgrades for your ship, or even buying a whole new ship ( or dreaming about buying a giant really expensive ship ).Starpoint Gemini 2 is the 3D version of that experience."
76561198054465573,Not Recommended,236150,12342678,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,thamiweibel,This game does not even get close to Freelancer ... what a waste of money.
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,236150,28783638,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mattgroom,"1. Crashes a lot2. gemini2 is exactly the same as gemini 1, the dlc is the only difference.3. buy on 80% off if you must.4. Main mission similar to side mission but with narration, go here kill, go here scan."
,Not Recommended,236150,12306003,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Segregator,"Thousands of backers and fans who were eager for this game to come out; several years of development to get it just so; and even early-access availability, supposedly to alpha and beta-test the game before its official release.  Yet still, the game is awful.I have only played a few hours of it, but I've managed to compile a small list of incredibly important things that you should know before deciding to purchase this game, in the order of importance:1.  Making in-game currency is slow, almost tedious about 90% of the time.  Granted, you can choose a number of ways in which to generate the income dependent on how you would like to play the game (mining, trading, bounty-hunting, completing freelance missions, etc), but ultimately the amount of money that you generate over time is a very slow crawl and makes purchasing better ships, weapon systems, and other important ship equipment almost not even worth the grind.2.  Because of the fact that you have to grind in order to make any money, you level up faster than you can improve on your equipment.  Upon checking the official forums, I discovered that this is apparently a known issue that they haven't had the chance to fix yet, so it might be patched up at a later time.  As a result of your leveling which outpaces your ship class and ship's equipment, you will continue to face increasing numbers, frequencies, and difficulties of enemies that you will have more and more trouble dealing with until you can finally purchase better equipment.  Of course, this basically means that you're almost always behind the curve no matter what as there is no way to slow down your leveling and everything gives you experience.3.  The statistics which indicate to you how difficult a challenge something is in the game are arbitrary.  For instance, the game will tell you the general threat level of red-outlined ships which are about to attack you, which should be an indication of whether you should stand your ground or turn and flee.  This ranges from ""Trivial"" to ""Impossible.""  I have been able to easily beat ""Impossible"" targets with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ships and almost be totally destroyed by a ""Trivial"" ship in my brand new cruiser.  This same arbitrary system can be found in the instance of determining whether or not an enemy ship can be boarded and taken over by your troopers.  Generally, the lower the number of troopers on the enemy ship, the easier it'll be to overwhelm them.  This stops being the case after a few levels and, even with the maxed-out perk which increases your troopers' effectiveness by 15%, the smaller number of enemy troopers will steam-roll yours every time.Anyway, that's my two-cents.  On the plus side, the game is pretty and I liked where the setting was headed, but ultimately this is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of EvE Online and not necessarily worth the price."
76561198102166075,Not Recommended,236150,13133377,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,m3nt4lm1nd3d,"CAN'T EVEN PLAY!!!!!! crashes right at the start menu. every. single. time. looking for a fix but nothing has worked so far...looking for a solution, or refund."
76561198087429121,Not Recommended,236150,12520017,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,QuelsOeufs,"I'll keep this short. I bought the game expecting someting even kind of like freelancer considering all of the positive reviews urging freelancer fans to buy the game. Unfortunetly I wish I could get my money back, this game has no depth. Really the only reason to play is to try and aquire better ships and equipment, but then it kind of pointless because there's nothing really to do other than these super generic missions.Also for some reason no space sim seems to get the freelancer esque formula for creating interesting swaths of space. In freelancer you would jump to a new star system through some sketchy wormhole and have to fight for your life to survive even just passing through. Only a few hours in and I've seen all this game has to offer. I'll waste my time doing something else."
,Not Recommended,236150,12333265,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,waisblut,"So far it's really boring.  Game is crashing constantly which is pretty annoying!If I could, I would like my money backSo far, not worth it"
76561198000088775,Not Recommended,236150,34197114,Posted: 12 August,all,TaBull,Game is less intuitive and less fun than Freelancer. Nothing more to say.
76561198042913113,Recommended,236150,11390555,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,caidicus,"Pretty cool, so far. I've not been turned off by any menu complexity or unintuitive features. I would even go so far as to say that the game is not only straight forward, but actually intuitive.It has a bit of an MMO feel to it, in the sense that you can move freely around the star system and blow stuff up to collect experience and items.I have a long way to go, before I will have a deeper impression of the game, but I am actually looking forward to getting into the game, which is more than I can say about a lot of games on the market these days."
,Recommended,236150,9809571,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,(AC) Lord Elifas,"worth playing. Still Alpha\beta version is quite unfinished, but it will be a great game,as it have alot of abilities,perks, clsasses, SHIPS.You can be a large carrier,and send the huge waves of interceptors into battlefield to completely demolish enemy,OR you can be a battlecruiser, equipping alot of turrets on your hull,and make a real bullet storm,that consumes anything in its path.There are about 10-15 ship classes, and more than 10 weapons, of each of 4 classes of weapons(beams,Railguns,Plasma,and heavy)Economics in this game is great, but it is hard to earn money on lower lvls.10\10 MUST HAVE!But better wait untill release, to see all ingame stuff,not unfinished beta version.TRUST me, it is really nice RPG space battle simulator."
76561197981414347,Not Recommended,236150,12335485,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Phandal,"I had high hopes for this game. I have been playing space based 4x games since Elite and always look forwards to them. Sadly I cannot get far enough into this turkey to find out if its any good. I have had repeated crashes on load, on reload, on popups from tutorials. Just looking at the screen is enough to make it crash. I have updated my drivers (doesn't help) and done a large set of ""usual troubleshooting tests"". I bitterly regret buying it - if you get it to work for you then maybe there is a good game here. Good luck with the endless crashes though.Its worth noting that this was written a few days after the proper release. Not early access, or public beta. It has been sold in a state that can be best described as unworkable."
76561198031402638,Not Recommended,236150,12355926,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,joshuatcm,i played this for about 3hrs and it hanged 3 times.... this is very turn-off.how do u expect people to enjoy the game
76561197990350557,Not Recommended,236150,12340833,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,CheeseItNow,Could be a great game but so far my experience has been crash after crash after crash!  playable for about 35 minutes before crashing to desktop. Tried all the fixes and so far its not working out.Within saying that the devs are very good at listening to the rants of the people's and release patches quite often.
76561198006660995,Not Recommended,236150,27518715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,theSilverLance,"I understood nothing of how to effectively move/fight after reading the tutorials (should have been an interactive or more intuitive method) and the story setup and voice acting were terrible. Unless you have WAY more patience than I do, give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,236150,22869862,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Rolo,"I wanted to like this game and I did at first but my ""gotta finish"" OCD is only what drove me to finish (on the plus side, this game may have cured me of said OCD).  It got boring and repetitive quickly.Pros:- Nice artwork- Nice concept- Workshop/modsCons:- Most time is spent travelling/watching stars go by- Story has a LOT of useless/droning on text and dialogue that CANNOT be skipped- Classes aren't remotely balanced- Ships have no variety, only ""good/better/best"" with no trade-offs, not even cost- No penalty mechanic: you die, it bounces to the main menu where you reload your last save- No real side-missions, just grind trash when not doing the story- UI is annoying, no combat log, no explanation of different damage types/weapon types- Constant hitching/stuttering when non-threaded scripts run- Crashes to desktopIf you must play it, play Engineer class, use railguns and missiles, buff trooper capability and capture ships; you will earn money far more quickly (especially early-game) to keep max gear.  Don't waste time on ""artefacts"" [sic] or blueprints/salvage.  Use the wiki to see which ships are available and their features and locations to buy.  Get the speed boost to 200% mod and the graphics mods (wall textures, particle effects, and clear UI)."
76561198029841329,Not Recommended,236150,12318719,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Nathaniel Flint,"I totally see the potential of this game, but dont get fooled by all the positive Reviews on the HUB.This game gets compared ALOT to FreeLancer and if you´re a FreeLancer Veteran who bought it becaus of that, you will be hugely dissapointed.Besides the combat-system, FreeLancer, no matter if in terms of the world, the reputation system or the details, beats this game in EVERY aspect.And i mean the raw FreeLancer, i dont even wanna compare it to FreeLancer upgraded with something like the Discovery mod!It is FAR from finished and still filled with some serious bugs. It still needs ALOT of balacing, new content and more detail.Its actually SO far from finished that (Spoiler) the aliens you meet later in the Story actually use human ships. You heard right, they dont even have their own ships yet.I also hope, the devs take care of the longevity, because if they dont, this game will suffer the same form of death FreeLancer did:Once you completed the story, there still was alot to see and alot to get but sooner or later, you sat in your Titan Heavy fighter, you knew every single system no matter of Core, Border, Independent or Edge, you had all the rare special weapons and on your bank-account you had 10.000.000 credits you couldnt spend on anything.To all that, i want to mention something more: Remember how i said its not finished and still needs ALOT of work to be a game that´l survive longer than 10 minutes?Thats why i actually waited for it to get officially released. Turns out its one of those games, who gets more expensive the closer release gets. For months it has been on 21,99€ and once it got released, i got this half-finished game with an added bonus: A price increase from 21,99€ to 31,99€.Conclusion: The 25€ bucks i´ve paid would have been better spended on TF2 cosmetics.Wait a few months for the devs to finish it and for the Steam-Community to kick in via Workshop and even then, looking at how the review system misguides people on this one, you better wait for an special offer.As for now, i cannot recommend it."
76561198019182548,Not Recommended,236150,12511143,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Bob The Goat,"Frankly the worst game I've played in a LONG time.The flight controls want to be simple, but they completely destroy physics to make it possible.  When you throttle down from full speed, you stop on a dime, and when you turn the front of your ship, all of your momentum magically matches the new direction you're pointing.  The old game ""Darkstar One"" has a similar ""fly-by-mouse"" control scheme, but has at least SOME concept of physics.Combat in this one is pointless: 50% of the time, the enemies are blown up by mysteriously appearing ""friends"" before you can even fire a shot, 40% of the time they can be killed with ""stop next to them and blow them up with your laser/railgun/whatever"" tactics, and 10% of the time you get jumped by a ship so much more powerful than you that it cannot be killed or run away from.If you get tired of the pointless combat, there's a pointless trade economy (any station seems to buy anything you happen to be carrying, so all you do to ensure massive profit is buy anything that's green on the merchant's side, and sell anything that's green on your side).Most of all, there's the insanely boring flying between points...  Space is pretty big, and there's only a minimal form of go-fast mode (not time accelleration, but ""Power to Engines""), but that only speeds things up by maybe 2-5x, so that most of the time between pointless combat and pointless trading is spent in boring autopilot, flying between waypoints and watching fake looking asteroids and plasma outside your windscreen.  And if you happen to run into an actual asteroid... no big deal, you bounce off.  Literally 2-7 minutes of uneventful flight between each encounter.As a side note, the campaign voice acting (including the player) is some of the worst I've heard in years.  Accents change randomly mid-sentence, and the pacing and stresses are often strange."
,Not Recommended,236150,12640442,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tisikotka,"Nice game, pretty much single player Eve, but last patch brought random crashes, that made it unplayable for me and other ppl, and the devs, who in other situations were pretty awesome just ignored that issue. Will w8 for a fix, untill then I stay with the game uninstalled and the hollow feeling of paying 30 eu for a product I used only a week :/"
76561198183984418,Not Recommended,236150,16709169,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PTXFAN1,"This game may have the most cheesy storyline of any game I've ever played!  Even if you don't play the campaign, the free-roam mode has no real goal and it's incredibly hard to get anything done due to the poorly constructed tutorials.  Takes way to much time to accomplish anything.  This game was not worth the money I spent on it."
76561198010307526,Not Recommended,236150,19471829,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Kambeidono,"In reading through the description, seeing all of the videos, and having now played this game, all of the promotional material for it makes me think of a slick movie trailer that takes a train wreck of a horrible movie and condenses it down into a 1 minute clip that does an amazing job trying to convince you that the whole movie isn't complete crap; at least until you've unwisely purchased a ticket.That's this game. A turd with some slick packaging.It presents itself as a space exploration/trading/combat game, and while I suppose it can claim all of those things, it does them about as well as the Chicago Cubs do at  winning the World Series.Every aspect of this game feels underwhelming, if not painfully lacking. The game provides little information about how the various systems work, despite pushing many tutorial screens on you, that only server to annoy you with how much they leave out.Add to that all of the almost could have been's with the combat, UI, graphics, sounds design, and trading system, the travel system feels like it's there to punish you for playing. The travel time it takes to get between the mission is insanely boring. It's not just the time it takes, but they did a great job of making a horrible star field to torture you with.My greatest regret is that I gave this game a chance thinking it might get better and went over the two hours of play time and can't get a refund.The developers of this game should be ashamed of the final product they made, especially if you want to charge people what you're asking. My life would have been better served buying burritos and making use of my life time supply of Chipotlaway."
76561197969421120,Not Recommended,236150,20761827,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dash,"From a long backgroud in UI and usability, this ""game"" sucks.  The very basics from initial launch are poor.  The progam presents a menu of options, but none of them are selectable until you pick a side options of contal schemes.  There is no description of the control scheme, or any descriptions of howw your choice will affect the game going forward.  First impressions are paramount."
,Recommended,236150,27451088,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thejman09,I FARM ASTERIODS HAHAHAHA
,Not Recommended,236150,16553177,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Swashblade,"After playing through the first few missions you'd be forgiven for thinking this was a pre-release indi title, with awful voice acting of poorly written dialogue giving it a horribly unpolished feel, and a tutorial given in the form of a series of short descriptions you need to click through for each UI element but lacking in any practical examples of how they're used leaving you bewildered as to how you're meant to control your ship.I got my first achievement purely by accident just by following the first waypoint . . . which turned out to be in the core of the planet I was trying to land on rather than, as I'd assumed, at some kind of space elevator docking station.  When I finally figured out how to land, visually it was much the same as crashing into it - I still flew to about the same range but instead of warning me to stop and then exploding, the ship stopped and I got the planet menu.While the game claims to support joystick control it's very much designed for mouse and keyboard, with the mouse leaving the targeting reticle wherever you last clicked something.  I ended up awkwardly using the joystick in my left hand and trying to target with the mouse before giving up in disgust and returning the controls to their default joystickless configuration.The starting spaceship flies like it's on rails regardless of the control method you choose and looking through the keybindings gives me no hope of more maneuverable craft later on - you can move forward, turn and roll.  No backward or lateral movement.  Your best bet in a firefight seems to be to leave the turrets on autofire and do your best to fly out of the way of your target's firing lanes.  High speed dodging just doesn't seem to be in the cards, contrary to what was shown in the trailer."
76561198035723829,Not Recommended,236150,22221674,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rwhite10,Too complicated to learn and it seems like all you do is spend your time flying from one point to the other.    There are better games out there that are easier to play and offer the same thrill of battle.
76561198010330504,Not Recommended,236150,21776103,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Zirnitra,Crashes all the time.Once you have done 2 or three missions you have done them all.
,Not Recommended,236150,16336127,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hanabi,"I didn't enjoy the game. I played it till I got the controls down. But between a tutorial that dumps a bunch of dialog boxes on me. To a rather clunky space game control setting, I couldn't get myself enwraptured as much as I wanted to. I wanted something that would send me back to the days of Freelancer.For those of you who like space games, it has some real meat, but it is a different veriety of meat, much like the difference between Beef and Chicken.There was a lot of flying around doing nothing, the system travel gates required money and just dropped you into loading screens. And while the scale of the star system is right and the customizability is there. It lacked a certain charm. A polish.Plus!-Customizable Ships-Huge in depth system-Lots of ways to burn timeMinus!-Boring Non-Customizable Campaign Protagonist (I wonder why the same guy gets used game to game, is it the same guy?!)-Clunky combat controls-Flat uninvolving ports and planets. (At least early game)-The Tutorial---Notes to the Devs.I honestly respect the work you put on this game, and I can give you a few pointers.On a thread I read you spoke about how your hands on tutorial didn't please, and how other people complained about this tutorial. There is a middle ground, hear me out.Rather than dump it all at once in a click through while the game is paused, simply in the opening acts give a small, non intrusive note that tells you how to do something, without pausing, or forcing you to do it.For example when you start get a quick side note saying how to fly the ship. When you encounter your first enemy get a little side note without pause saying the right mouse button fires.What you have currently is page after page of tutorial sheets, which, while not as long as EVE is thrown far more upfront. Sure EVE had a lot more tutorial text, but EVE didn't dump it on you the first ten seconds.Secondly, the Protagonist. For a space RPG many people regard who's in the Cockpit as optional or make a character. In this case we have the typical inexperianced yet cocky caucasian male. But my question is, what if you made the protagonist for the actual game slightly more customizable. Give him titles instead of a direct name. Like his father saying 'son' while others call him by other things. Next, why not increase a few lines of dialog by adding gender options, a female voice actor and the ability to choose as many options as Freeroam? Really honestly give the illusion of choice to the player by letting them make the person they play as. Kind of like Bioware did with Shepard, Hawke or the Inquisitor. Sure you don't have to be that in depth about it with 3d renders. But a few portraits and the options would have been amazing.On combat, a good thing that most space games do, is have a lead indicator and a smoother method of control. In this case I felt like I was trying to reign in a finicky second hand robot. And the lack of a lead indicator made dogfighting a pain. (Not impossible, but annoying. I still won, but it wasn't as pleasent.)I think there really isn't much that can be done about the planets, except maybe adding a more visual docking procedure such as an orbital station or docking ring, or some sort of 'Decending/Ascending' animation. Secondly on the Travel Lines, instead of making it a loading screen jump pointer, make it a long thread that you can ride that steadily consumes money as you travel it, and you'll be booted from the stream when you run out or hit abort. Maybe add lane contols and make it work like a highway.---All and All I think this game does a lot right and a lot wrong, and I love the passion I see from the developers and can't wait to hear what Starpoint 3 might hold on the someday. If you come into this expecting the next Freelancer, you're probably not going to enjoy it. And the asking price for the features which are missing are pretty major."
76561198043844391,Not Recommended,236150,12121611,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,galatthar,"I like the fact that there is an open world, and many missions. I suspect this will eventually become a great game.I dislike:* I found no free camera look. You can use turrets or use chase look, but no simple free look.* You always need to select something to see what it is. A simple hover doesn't work to see simple info (I'm talking about other ships and stations, in the normal interface there's plenty of info)* I siply HATE the radiation thingy. It is the main reason of my many deaths. There is only a small indication (apart from your health going down) and only a warning when it's WAY to late to do anything about it.* The hull, engines, everything seems to go down at 50% hull damage. Do I seriously need the remaining 50% to see how it decreases further so I can die? (also with your radiation extremely frustrating)* The game hangs often when you want to open or close menus. (although it only hangs for a moment)* The joystick flying with joystick is very hard, throttle button doesn't work.I seriously recommend buying another game untill this one becomes a bit better"
76561198006489721,Not Recommended,236150,12113723,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Meow,"Not too bad, but there are a few things that destroy my suspension of disbelief:Anchors  (I want to actually dock with stations)Fast travel: I hope this is a placeholder animation, I would like to see the ship hit light speed.Combat: Mixed feelings. You have no real visual indication that abilities effect the other ship (maybe I need a better scanner?)"
,Recommended,236150,26721908,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jurrilicious,Just go and play it
76561198079449590,Not Recommended,236150,13657519,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ñ,"Starpoint Gemini 2 must be a good game. You can read rave review after rave review about it. I'm really excited to play it.Sadly despite configuring the game for maximum performance I'm barely pulling two frames per second. My computer exceeds the recommended system requirements in all areas except graphics. My graphics card merely meets the minimum requirement.Meeting the minimum system requirements should allow for an enjoyable experience. Poor graphics paired with 20 fps would be enjoyable. If that were the case with Starpoint Gemini 2 I have no doubt I would have had a wonderful time playing.If you decide to tune your graphics settings, one annoyance you'll face is having to restart the game for almost every change."
,Not Recommended,236150,12365832,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Elok,"Been a fan of space game for a long time, can't say I'm impressed with SPG2...I'm sure I could have spend my money on better games.So far the game have been a big gigantic grind. It's too similar to most space sims with no real innovation.Oh well, back to waiting for Space Citizen...."
76561197966291353,Not Recommended,236150,12367196,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bassboy_pete,"Hard to enjoy this game.  Very clumsy controls, frequently cannot hear voice isntructions, and lots of bugs that make this a killer.  I love this genre of space sim, but I just can't find one that is worth the money.  This game very much feels like it is in alpha stage.  Even the graphics aren't that great."
76561197997967008,Not Recommended,236150,12368545,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,asherondm,have only got the game to start once since purchase. game played well but since then when i try to play it will update and not start over and over and over again. starpoint people say its a steam issue since they control the updates . cant get any help from steam.  eithe way someone should fix this but nobody will so i cant recommend it
76561198022163386,Not Recommended,236150,12368775,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Mnemon,"Decent attempt to modernize the first game, unfortunately after short while with the game i can find nothing apart from the graphics that has notably improved.Many of the new changes seem to force the game to even more repetetive and constrained format when it comes to the character building and things you can actually do in the universe.Probably not a terrible pick if you liked the first game but all in all a huge disappointment to me personally."
,Not Recommended,236150,12369730,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Mike @ FistsofHeaven,"A lot of potential ruined by a terrible control scheme.I've been providing feedback for this since the early access days, but no one listened apparently.  The developers need to take a look at the great space flight sim games that game before (Wing Commander, Freespae 1&2 come to mind) as well as other recent games that got it right (Strike Suit Zero & Infinity) to get a clue as to how to set up a control scheme for space flight.  Turn with click and drag?  Pitching and Yawing with a keyboard instead of a control device?  Seriously?  The controls make this game unplayable - and no, things like Pitch and Yaw are not remappable to other devices."
76561197960444622,Not Recommended,236150,12381353,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Danedo,"Lacks polish.UI makes the user think. If the user isn't careful, he/shemay accidently waste credits, as default buy quantity is, for no real good reason, set higher than 1.User may 'magically' gain/lose credits from a transaction that doesn't seem like it should cost anything.That is to say, no cost is advertised in the UI. You find out after you click.In general, unintuitive and poorly designed UI. As is, would have been simpler to have two UI's: one for buying/selling,another for equipping/unequipping. For example, I have no idea what I currently have. Maybe there IS an inventory screen. Do I know about it after spending 3 hours playing? No, so even if there is, the game does not communicate this.All in all, a decent Freelancer like experience, but the UI needs to be redone to be more user friendly and dead simple."
,Not Recommended,236150,12386801,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Retribution,"don't get me wrong, this game is not bad, there are far worse games that have tryed to fit in this nitche, but there are also far better. this game is plagued by technical issues, and outside that the gameplay and story are average. if you enjoyed X3: reunion, Terran Conflict, do not get this game, it is by far inferior to those titles, i would ever say, inferior to x:Rebirth(in its 2.0 state). IF they can clean up some more bugs, i would only recomend this to someone new to space simulation/rpgs. but other wise i would recomend the previouslt mentioned X3: Reunion and its expansion."
76561198033662924,Not Recommended,236150,12388621,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Spaceman,"I wanted to like it, but there's a lot to figure out with no real tutorial except a text based in-game 'manual' so to speak. As an EVE Online veteran, it reminds me too much of shooting red crosses. It's prettier than EVE, but when you stack the learning curves up against each other, EVE's has better, more meaningful gameplay in every regard."
,Not Recommended,236150,12389529,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,senegrom,Seems to get rather dull after a short time. Repetitive content and worlds that seem rather randomly generated. Graphics aren't so great either.
76561198015974962,Not Recommended,236150,12395456,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Philbot,"Ahhh I want to like this game sooo much! But, it just falls short.The good:-Great space real time game play.  Love the auto-targetting.-in play graphics are great-Size of the universe is well-scaledThe bad:-Poorly or underdeveloped campaign.  No dialog skipping or cinematic movie skip.-Several game mechanisms are poorly developed.  For instance, hacking; you never know if you're being ""hacked"" yet many of the enhancements and a whole character category is based on the concept.-Simple things like a speed indicator display would be nice to know how different ships, enhancements, perks actually affect speed.Summary:Unpolished.  The core graphics and gameplay is good - everything revolving around it sucks.  Unacceptable save/load errors."
,Not Recommended,236150,12406642,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mithaw,"I would be more enthusiastic about this game if I could actually -read- it.At least for the 1024 x 768 and 1240x1024 resolutions, the text is blurry, blocky and headache inducing when you try to focus on reading it - this just seems to be an issue with 4x3 ratio monitors at those resolutions, but given that those resolutions are still very much in use, it is a problem that needs addressing before this game is playable for me.Space combat is okay, but anything involving text quickly becomes painful and frustrating.Maybe the Devs will patch these issues, but until they do, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,236150,12412760,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[MoX]Arken,"There is a spark of a game here. It has potential. Its kinda interesting but it has one huge problem. The tutorial stinks. Its so bad it should be used as an example of how not to do a in game tutorial. I started with the choice between free roaming and what appeared to be the first campaign. So i went with the first campaign. After a intro to the universe cutscene and then a brief orders from your CO where you are ordered to a planet not to far away you find youself in control of your ship, lots of unlabled things on the hud and little else. No tutorial, nothing. A little trial and error and i got moving, got to the planet, blew up a pirate on the way and landed. saved and quit the menu to see if free roaming would be more informative. And lo it was. slightly...there is a tutorial, but it basically consists of the game giving you all of the controls in one huge chunk of text. then you go back into the game and before you can do more then push a button, it pops up with another wall of text on whats in the bottom left hand corner. close that and another pops...this was the point i had had enough.From what i saw of the game it has a lot of potential and i'm sure if i sat down long enough and worked through the interface i would find it fun to play.  Just right now... its too much like hard work."
,Not Recommended,236150,12424920,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Krogort,"Art is not very good with a big issue with the scale of everything, every ship seems smallGame balace could be improved, too much discrepancies between ways of making moneyDropped into the vast universe with little guidance, first missions of main plot should focus on how to make money and buy ships/upgrades.IA is DumbSeems to be lacking content"
76561198037766065,Not Recommended,236150,12447558,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,darren.lepine,game keeps going down not sure yet pretty unhappy so far better than the forst one frpm what i see
76561198030653400,Not Recommended,236150,12453413,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,doug.white,"This is a game like X3 where you fly around in space and can take on a lot of roles, trader, pirate, etc.  The game is pretty and the space scenes are very nice.  The graphics are smooth and pretty interesting.  The game itself is pretty boring.  I usually play as a trader/adventurer in X3.  So, the ships are all pretty boring and the number systems you can use in them is not very interesting either.  Basically, there are different types of weapons you can mount but they are all pretty much the same.  The game tries to make them interesting by using mods and personal skills but it's too complex (there is very little documentation) and too simple (basically every mod is just a slight variation in the effect of the weapon).  The ships are the same way, they get bigger and badder, but the bad guys scale right up too so you basically just fly around and each mission is about the same.  There are a very limited number of missions in the game and you either tranport cargo, a vip, assassinate a bad guy, or repair a station.  All are very very easy to complete even when you choose ones marked hard.  Every now and then someone just flat takes you out but there is no middle ground.  After about 20 hours, it's just the same thing over and over again.  Trade is very simplistic and since it doesn't really cost you anything to fly around, you just buy low and sell high.  The worst part is the cost.  Ships and weapons cost a fortune but missions and trade generates very little per outing so it takes thousands of missions to generate a new ship.  Resale values are ridiculously low (for instance a ship that costs 10 million credits has a sale value of about 2M).  The only way to really make money is to cap ships.  That works.  The bad news is, that is hard to do effectively since there is little to no control over your other units in combat and they just shoot up everything.  The flight controls are awful.  Using the keyboard you have all these other combat mods that are hard to use and limited.  Mostly, there is no documention of anything so you don't really know what to do.  The tutorial is just some tidbits that get so annoying you turn it off.  Bottom line, this game is boring and has no depth.  Maybe mods will add to it in the future, but for now I got over it pretty fast."
76561198022059381,Not Recommended,236150,12454907,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Drake,The game crashes all the time. It's not playable. Dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,236150,13185819,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fenrir,"bleh... hate it from the beginning :s (graphics, controls (joystick))to make it playable Im gonna be spending a lot of time fixing the controls and graphic settings and even then I doubt I will get it to become amusing..."
,Not Recommended,236150,13706568,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"father, I crave syrup","Well, from what I've played of this game it's pretty good. One minor problem though.It crashes at least once every 45 minutes."
76561197997090800,Not Recommended,236150,13503415,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Scott,bought it thinking it would be like freelancer.    it pales in comparison.  The controls are difficult and it isnt very engaging.   good looking though.
76561198023406106,Not Recommended,236150,13810975,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MysticZemi,"This game really could scratch the itch for this genre of game... If it were not for it crashing every 30-60 minutes during battles.Repairs, reinstalls, adjusting settings and closing all other applications did not resolve the issue."
76561198025821369,Recommended,236150,20178154,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,houndofhell03,sOLID fUN ANY WAY yOU CUT IT. Whoops. So was that.
76561197992954778,Not Recommended,236150,12379166,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,MrShiny,"I am so disapointed in this game, despite having ""Very positive"" steam reviews and 8.1 on metacritic it is abysmal...The controls are awkward, the UI buggy, post processing forcibly disabled on launch? The mouse is sampled based on primary monitor (so moving this game onto second screen is a flat out no no), infact even trying to play windowed is flawed as if you have the game fit to screen + start menu then to select the bottom of the game's UI you have to move the mouse onto the start menu - click and you lose focus on the game.The gameplay is dull (okay it's a space sim but this doesn't come close to games like eve) customisation is petty, the minimum they could put in to claim the functionality is there, and the game is designed with the grind of an MMO. RPG aspects sounds cool, but after playing for 3 hours I was level 10 with one perk, and a whole lot of money not in my account to upgrade my ship passed one new gun.Frankly, if it were possible, I'd get the game refunded. NOT ready for release, NOT funtcional, NOT fun."
76561197983324630,Not Recommended,236150,12385441,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,owen445x,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't.Let me start with some of the positives:- Great graphics- Ship models look cool- Ton of Factions- Free mode (option to just be a pilot and no story driven action)Cons:- Voice acting and character portriats are horrible. Like listening to a C grade movie actor and the pictures used to display pilots don't make any sense unless everyone is a retro cyber hippie or biker dude.- Horrible tutorial.. literally had no clue where the button was for help until I found it on accident.- Doesn't state why any of the factions like your or hate you. Do I just kill random people to make the enemy like me or what?- Trying to complete a side quest and ships with impossible to kill statues keeps showing up and killing me.. like a lot.. and even when I try to escape, they scramble my engines and kill me.- Stuck with a crappy ship for a long... long... time. Would have been cool to capture a ship a tad bit better than the one your piloting without having to pay Millions of dollars for a so so upgrade. But, the enemy ships that are better have a ton more troops than you do so troops are only usefull to make some quick cash for selling smaller ships.- Being a trader and selling high and buying low would be cool you could carry more than 40 items and the next upgrade that cost me a few million only had 30 slots.. so yea, being a trader would be a horrible way to make money.- Biggest complaint is when you target the enemy by clicking them, then you need to click them with the middle mouse button to pop up the action screen for things like grappling beam, boarding parties, target system or heavy weapon.. THEN the ship flies past you and your menu goes away since the menu is on the ship.. so I have to dog fight and swirl and slow down then speed up just to CLICK them again! Why not have a small display pop up on the side of the screen like EVE so I can base my menu skills off that than trying to follow the ship all over the place while trying to make a decision.Game has some good ideas, but to many cons that just make the game a burden rather than enjoyment. I will only play this game now to beat it just so I don't feel like I wasted my money for nothing."
76561198010820818,Not Recommended,236150,13219979,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mastadans,"En mi opinión, no da la talla. Es un mal clone de la saga X.Imo, it falls short. It's a bad clone of X's family."
76561198064992961,Not Recommended,236150,13208702,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Don Gato,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a game that I really want to like. The combat is fun, the graphics are good, and the open world is pretty...err... pretty, even though it is incredibly static with things like planetary rotation and many animations left completely out.Despite my attempts to like the game, there was one thing that haunted me as I played this game. I could not stop asking myself ""why?""Why did I want to tumble through space doing bounties and moving cargo? The story is flat out bland and totally uninteresting, with a typical ""avenge my father who the baddies killed"" revenge plot (and one of the most rigid and uninspiring protagonists I have ever seen in any game, and the supporting characters are worse by several great orders of magnitude), and the lack of true player enterprise in the sandbox give you no reason to want to progress in this game. Sure, you buy bigger ships and do bigger missions, but what then? Can I take political control of systems and build my own faction? No. Can I buy property and create a business empire and compete with other traders or corporations? No. All the player can really do is just fly missions and shoot stuff, and then get bigger ships to fly bigger missions and shoot bigger stuff.The developers are great, and really work hard (and continue to do so), and I really wish I could give this a positive review, but the fact of the matter is the game is just ""meh"" on most accounts. Without anything to really motivate me all I could do was let my mind drift to the impression that I was just in a giant empty MMO were I had to play by the AI factions' rules. But I saw no good reason for it to be that way with no player interaction of any sort.So I don't think its an entirely bad game, but as I have no desire to go play it anymore until there is something to motivate me to progress in the game, I don't feel I would be totally honest in recommending it."
,Not Recommended,236150,20422810,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ascendence,"i got this game for 9 bucks on a sale, refunded it thoits not my cup of teabut this game is 32€ regular price?!"
76561198046890183,Not Recommended,236150,22292350,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MR T,"Lots of fun - until the first crash.  Crashes seem to happen about once an hour.  Sector switching gets laggier and laggier until at one point - it just dosn't.  Game freezes solid, and you have to bring up task manager to kill the process.  Appears to be a memory hole somewhere.Running a GTX970, i7, 8gb ram and Win 7 (64 bit).Checked the discussions for the group, others appear to be seeing the same error and as of right now there does not seem to be a fix.Pity - it's a lot of fun when it works, but it's just too frustrating to stick with. :("
76561198009223241,Not Recommended,236150,25717580,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Groovdog,"Really wanted to like this game but it is very poorly designed. Mission levels not coordinated to your level but rather to some arbitrary zone level so a Level 1 mission in one zone is not the same as Level 1 in another. Game aide is beyond poor. Goes to window mode all the time. Spend 90% of your time flying between points. In my opinion better options in this space, try Rebel Galaxy. This may be deeper, but it is too boring for me personally.. Someone remake Privateer pls. And forget about Star Citizen, too damn ambitious. Props to the developer for responding, this is obviously based on my playstyle interests which may not align with yours."
76561198025979556,Not Recommended,236150,14589830,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,roungnir,"a bug makes the story stop, can't get the last data core. so the compain is not working. so the game is not worth anything..."
,Not Recommended,236150,22246972,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cohj,Incomplete.....That's the word I would use if I had to use one.  There's some good ideas but it's more of a game you'd mindlessly then be sucked into right now.
,Not Recommended,236150,22279337,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Flawlessjess,Great game assuming you can ever get it to load without crashing or start without crashing problem is its always crashing. Spend your money elswhere
,Not Recommended,236150,22205072,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lou-Saydus,"weird controls, boring combat and extremely slow gameplay. If you like games like EVE, you'll probably like this game too."
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,236150,24787955,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Do not buy this game if you want to use a joystick. The developers seem to have gone to the extreme to make this the most frustrating experience possible if you want to do so. I spent about an hour trying to find a good way to use one, but either mode you choose (you are offered the choice of using a joystick or mouse as a primary controller), you will be disappointed, as I was."
76561198002622902,Not Recommended,236150,12577664,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,groove_23,"At this point (v1.0) the game is very shallow and the galaxy feels empty and lifeless. Not worth 30 bucks, it just doesnt feel like a finished game."
76561198082817944,Not Recommended,236150,12286704,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Fluffles,"Most boring space game I've ever played. Truly a disappointment. All the positive reviews seemed like people were paid to say that this game was a good buy. Once again, I spend money on a steam game and am treated to crushing disappointment. There needs to be actual unbiased reviews about the games on steam because it seems to me the only reviews I've seen are misplaced positivity.First of all, the travel system itself is less than slow, it literally feels like I aged 20 years to get from point A to point B. The ""fast travel"" is a bunch of stargates set up that cost a butt load of credits to go through. Last I checked, it was free in any other sci-fi universe/game to go through mysterious portals to the unknown/known parts of space.Further diminishing my experience was the combat system. Slow...agonizingly slow. I'm pretty sure when people want to play a single player sandboxy type of game, they expect a sci-fi fantasy to be a SCI-FI FANTASY. Fightercraft should be able to annihilate eachother in seconds, not minutes, or what seemed to me like hours. That sort of time should be reserved for large ships capable of dealing as much damage as they can take. Not to mention the horrible amount of time it takes in the game to make any credits at all. Oh boy, just finished a mission that almost got me killed-what!? only 17,000 credits? Well at least I'll be able to pay for lunch. (Next tier ships are at least 12 times that amount, not including upgrades and new systems/weapons.)Story is bad...nough said. Unless you want to argue with the ""positive"" reviews from the esteemed critics like the Escapist....really? You said the game is good? Well I know for sure Yahtzee wasn't the one who wrote the review because honestly I think he'd agree with me that this game is a stinking pile of elephant dung waiting to be carved into a slightly smaller, yet some how even more smelly, pile of dung. And let's not forget the gems. Everyone likes to have their stinky pile of dung encrusted with the jewels of a king who painted a brilliant picture of even more elephant dung. Oh, but the setting is in space! How exciting! I'm sure I'd love to fly around in a massive piece of space dung as long as it looked pretty!The graphics are nice...but that is all.Worse voice acting than Darkstar One.There isn't a lot of customizability either. Ship classes and sizes range from petty-clunking-piece of space dung to giant piece of space dung, but with glasses so as to let you know it's the father of the bunch. Weapons come in a small amount of flavors. You have the shooty speedy laser lights known as railguns which you can barely see because apparently they shoot faster than light and do next to no damage. Next are the beam weapons which have their own subflavors of electricity, less electricity, and holy s*** there's so much electricity I can't even see what I'm shooting at. Which btw, I can't see an enemy ship unless I'm hugging their balls and by the time I can fire a missle at them, it might as well be shooting a fly with a watermelon, but don't fret because this watermelon will most definitly hit the fly because of guidance systems built into the watermelon itself.Explosions are also completely rediculous. If I'm fighting a large cruiser and I blow it up, I expect the explosion to fit the variant of the ship and it's systems. Instead, I'm treated to a super nova that kills my speakers (and ears), temporarily blinds me, and...the ship is still intact, allthough now instead of being called ""Super Mega Death Killer"" It is instead refered to by the game as ""Derelict"" Not Derelict Ship/Cruiser, just derelict. Oh but there's more! Indeed, if you shoot at the thing you were fighting just a minute ago, you'll spend another 10 minutes widdling away at its health bar until it finally explodes again. This time, you get access to the loot inside the ship and the model has completely vanished with no trace of debris. How boring...At any rate, I should have expected this from some random gaming group I never heard of nor seen any of their work because they don't offer demos. I'd ask for a refund, but I know how Lord Gaben is about the ""No Refund"" policy. So there you have it. A complete waste of time and money, though if you do buy the game and no life it enough, I'm sure one year later when you've completely forgotten about your friends and the fact that you even exsist, you'll have gained all the credits, mercenaries, and access to top of the line ships and equipment...which, as far as the leveling system goes for you and the enemy, will blow up in half a second due to the extreme damage output of whatever enemy you're fighting."
76561197960820471,Not Recommended,236150,12171683,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Just,"Starpoint Gemini 2 is a sandbox spacegame.For now it is only about freelancing, while a story line will be added later on.You can earn your money from various random missions, mining, trading, fighting (loot) and capturing ships.The game has two huge issues:- the game mechanics- the balanceWhile the balance will most likely be adjusted later on, for now it is just wrong. And i am not talking about the strength balance but about balancing cargo size to item numbers etc. Sell values, ship size to speed and distance etc etc.Examples:When mining you need about 5 seconds to fill up your entire cargo hold. So you spent at least 95% of your time flying to the asteroid belt and back to the station to sell stuff, this makes mining insanly boring. The same goes for fighting and selling loot.After capturing a ship you need to fly it to a station, again, the capture process is a few seconds, the way to the station can be several minutes  depending on where you fought the ship.Every way of earning money feels like a boring grind.The game mechanics are a mess as well.Ships always have the same amount of turret mounts. Larger ships wont have larger weapons. So in the end, no matter how large your ship is, you will still use the exact same weapons you used on your starting ship. Additionally the larger ships are barely any stronger, they only have higher defensive stats.There is barely any feeling of progression during the game.All your weapons are turrets and each of them is only facing one side of the ship. So you got front rear and side turrets. Trying to manually fire them will result in only 1/4 of the turrets shooting. On close range projectiles wont hit, thanks to the point of view that makes it impossible to aim. On long range you wont hit anything as well, thanks to the relations between ship size, speed and weapon range. You can only manually aim at mid range.So after all the full fighting system is ""get into range, hit auto fire, wait for everything to be dead"".There is no depth in the fighting system at all. There is no chasing or trying to position yourself etc.While the map is huge, there is no point to ever explore it, as you get everything in the spawn system. Maybe later on the story line will force you to move around, but ""freelancing"" means you stay at the spawn station and barely move around.There is a skill system, that allows you to level and use skills during combat. As a figher you have 4 skills. After activating a skill it grants you a passive bonus to one weapon type for a certain amount of time. Obviously you will only level and use one skill. So the full skill system is only about hitting one button before combat and then wait until auto fire has killed everything.Once again this system has no depth at all.Finally:I know that the game is in early access and not finished, still the game mechanics, meaning the stuff that IS finished, is really bad and not working well. None of the game mechanics has any depth.After playing games like privateer, freelancer (and basically all other space games of the last 20 years) i cannot recommend buying this game, for now.However, the devs of SPG2 are interacting a lot with the community.So i hope that the game will improve a lot during the developement and i will update my review when this happens."
76561197990782367,Not Recommended,236150,12289397,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Revan,"I really really wanted to like this game. It had great visuals, a great premise, nice customisation options, modding, an interesting sounding campaign. I played it while it was in beta and kept on anticipating them adding more and more...but then they released 1.0 and said it was feature complete.But that's not the biggest problem, it simply is not fun. It goes through the motions of things that one should do to make a fun space RPG like an account ticking off boxes on a to do list....but I never really felt engaged. It doesn't garner my interest as it is so cut and dry. The combat is a bit boring, and so far I haven't felt particularly threatened or in a situation I couldn't easily escape if it was getting a bit too hot to handle. In combat you also have some passive abilities, but you can press 1,2,3 or 4 to activate...boring abilities, and you have consumable items that can buff you for a short time if things are getting a bit more pressing. This is ever so routine and much the same as any RPG and yet Torchlight as an RPG is charming and is full of 'soul' and 'character'.Starpoint Gemini 2 on the other hand doesn't have any of that, and the campaign...ugh...I wish they had paid for better actors. I don't know who they are and don't care to look them up, but they convey the story along with about as much enthusiasm as those 5 year olds reading their scripts directly from the pages in the 'Avatar: The last airbender' movie. Is it worth the price of admission? Eh...maybe, if you're a first time gamer and want to spend your money on a pretty looking space RPG for a few hours of 'fun' looking at the pretty visual and the pew pew laser death - then yeah maybe drop some cash on it.Meanwhile I remember the days of Freelancer past when the storyline was engaging, voice actors conveyed the situation, it was FUN and engaging - you could tell the creators behind it had a passion! In summary Starpoint Gemini 2 will not give you numerous hours of entertainment, but it is pretty to look at for a little while until you can find something else to scratch that space RPG itch. I reward this game 50% for all its technical excellence, but I award it no further points for failing to provide fun and excitement.If you felt that X: Rebirth was boring, then give this a miss as it has far far less content or ability to provide fun."
76561198056026392,Not Recommended,236150,12259748,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Danny D.,"A lot of people on forums compare this game with Nexus: The Jupiter Incident but unfortunatly it is not even close.This game is not an RPG, you control you ship the same as any Space Sim (W,A,S,D) and you have some limited RPG style control over you turrets and some other auxiliary navigational commands.The grapics are nice, but the story is very vague and shalow, with no depth. All you do is go around the ""Galaxy"" and doo a couple of missions witht he same type (Maintenance, Atack...) . Even the gate travel costs a lot of ""credits"" so most of the time you fly around....Very dissapointed."
76561198007352378,Not Recommended,236150,23415604,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Belgarash,"This game suffer from a really poor balance. You're moving from station A to B in friendly space... Bam ! An Impossible foe appears, stops your engines and tear you appart. You're doing a mission 2 level below your level. Bam ! An Impossible foe appears, stops your engines and tear you appart. You're doing a mission against 4 trivial enemies, you better go full force on them before they tear you appart. You are near a station with high level guard, then you can do quest that are 10 levels above yours....Game is really grindy, and I would mind because of the nice graphics and beautiful music, but it's so imbalanced, you need to go to a station to save every 2 minutes because your risks being in instants wherever your are, whatever you do (and that's easy mode !)"
,Not Recommended,236150,10093892,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,CombatCasualty,"Everything I've read says I should love this game but I don't. I certainly don't regret supporting them as I love this style of game but this one just doesn't do it for me and here's why.I keep it installed and keeping dropping in to see if anything changes but so far I simply cannot get over some very core elements. From the very start I'm hit with the gigantic brightly colored cartoonish UI that makes it feel more like an arcade game than a space sim / RPG. Then there is the winged atmospheric flight (no strafe) where the vacuum of space fails to allow momentum to be carried (or the ships naturally brake when decelerating?) either makes no sense but regardless without any of the natural roll or feel of atmospheric flight which would at least make it fake but fun the ships feel completely disconnected from the environment and non-intuitive. It's like flying a fighter jet underwater.There is a lot of work required to figure out where and how to do things in the game and as of now it's a pure sandbox with a limited variety of activities and not even a hint of direction. This is somewhat normal for this genre and I would have no trouble digging in and doing the work but the payoff just isn't there for me or at least it isn't apparent enough for me to put in the time. Maybe a lot can be solved by the community through mods and content but with everything already available and on the horizon for space sims & RPG's, again I'm lost for motivation.I wouldn't go so far as to condemn the game. They are putting out content regularly and they claim to have a lot of plans although delays for the content that I'd like to see seem to come up every time. If ship movement and flying by turning on X and Y axis only isn't a deal breaker and you're willing to overlook a huge distracting UI you have a chance at loving this game, many do. If you have no need for instruction (beyond simple functions) or direction within the world you really should pick it up. For the rest I would recommend videos.. Watch gameplay videos and if you still feel it's something you'd be willing to play than do it.Post release: I really wanted to try again, it's Jan 2015 and there is a campaign. Unfortunately the UI is still there, it's still a lot like flying an underwater fighter plane and this is completely on me but I can't get through the tutorial screens. They literally pop up a new set of tutorials immediately as you close the previous screen. Want to get familiar with the flight controls they just explained? Okay, let's exit and try them out BLAM Tutorial- Time to talk about menu functions.. Still trying to get the hang of the flight instructions but okay, well lets see if I remember how to remap those abilities BLAM Tutorial - Let's talk a little about map functionality.. C'mon I almost actually learned something!.. And this goes on for 100's of tutorial items without pause."
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,236150,27367543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Finger,"This is just another early access, half baked game not nearly as good, not even half as good as the game from Microsoft ""Freelancer"" released 16 years ago which was far superior to this, they might have been trying to emulate. It's not even multi-player! Very much simplified, and lacks content.I would recomend this game while on sale to anyone with kids who dont play many video games and have low expectations. 5/10This review was written after it's full release from early access."
76561197995011578,Not Recommended,236150,12297983,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Shadus,"Sep 30, 2014&TL:DR - Still raw.  Wait till they update it some more.<EDIT Sep 30, 2014 (an hour later) - Dev response!  Seriously?  Do you people not sleep?  Wow, I'm honored.  Also... I really wish there was an option between yes and no, because I'd totally pick that.  Any Dev who responds that fast to criticism with a brave face is intent on improving their game. /EDIT>So far... not a polished game.  In fact... it feels very beta.  Then again... in the age of prerelease mania, I'm not surprised.  This is, unlike some games, actually playable.  It's just rough.  Really, really rough.Like sand in your lube kinda rough.Considering my machine is a fairly beefy gaming rig, lag makes the controls sloppy, and that makes combat hit or miss (pun only partially intended).  Nothing says table flip like freezing up, only to come back to your ship exploding while you try and get the wild overswings under control.Is it fun, though?  Well... it's starting to be, when controls don't make you want to ragequit.  Turning settings down doesn't seem to help, which isn't really surprising considering the only way to CHANGE the video settings seems to be to turn off V-synch.  Couldn't get full screen mode otherwise.  Also, devs?  If you're reading this... there's a few simple fixes you should prioritize.  Like every time I restart, having to  reset all the video and sound settings.  Just little things that you should get under control that make me wonder how long before the big things will get fixed.And honestly, there's a lot more to fix beyond that. Yes, the engine lag is major, yes the fact that video settings don't actually seem to work is major.  But the one scenario the game shipped with is missing voice acting (I swear I saw them say fully voice acted.  Well... it's not.  Or else something went sideways, because my emo little crybab... er... 'hero'... was getting his tearstained hands on the third powercore... and the old man just... stopped talking.  After several seconds... the main character responded... to the popup text.  No voice.  But... whatever.  More than that... there's some serious balance issues.  The fact that if you take some side missions to try and actually GET to the suggested level for the main quest?  Targeting the next waypoint to continue the story... will take you into hostile territory.  By which I mean, your computer will blithely warn you that hostiles are detected... and then you'll explode.  Because they're that powerful... and you're not.So yeah... lots to fix... on the small, medium, and large fronts.If they called this a beta?  It'd be telling you how awesome this game was going to be.  Since they claim it's out of beta, though... sorry... but thumbs down.Also... Devs, if you're still reading this?  Before you release another scenario... give us some real tutorial missions.  Let us grapple some ships, let us marine combat, let us know why we can't tow a deralict back to base and rebuild it.  These are things we just don't have time to experiment with when every mother lovin' two bit space cowboy with a laser and a grudge is shooting holes in our hulls."
76561198043202693,Not Recommended,236150,34161519,Posted: 10 August,all,Stiergott,"Buggy, poor controls, poorly balanced, gameplay is banale.Without going into too many more details, suffice it to say it's not worth spending money for this."
76561197973815251,Recommended,236150,25403938,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Jay Bizzell,MUCH Better than....yeah you guessed it... No Man's Sky. But also WAY better than Gothic armada. It is an amazingly fun title. It can be challenging but just stick it out. Also check out a guy on you-tube name of TheRevplays. His tutorials and walkthrough helped me in this game as well as Rebel Galaxy. So yeah...go give the developers your money. Unlike some..Cough.. Hello Games..Cough.. LGM deserves it! Great game and thanks for the quality work guys!.. Oh and they have free DLC. Yep FREE!! They remade Starpoint 1. That is next on the playlist!
76561197974337332,Not Recommended,236150,12304260,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,alterami,"I was expecting something similar to x3, this game seems stupid. I immediately regretted my purchase. I would not pay any amount of money for it. Why is game categorized under simulation is beyond me. Cartoon simulation maybe. This experience is going to make me think twice before trusting any reviews on Steam again."
76561197993280907,Not Recommended,236150,12398162,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Nik0las,"Clumsy menus, complicated controls accompanied with very poor view of the battlespace, tones of the texts and amateur voice actors work. You shoud be quite a fan to like it. Very much overpriced to my mind"
76561197988483829,Not Recommended,236150,12284121,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kizad,"Boring Gameplay, and vague menues make this game the least fun you'll have in space..."
76561198124807422,Not Recommended,236150,12276197,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,daxcasinillo,"im pretty lost on what to do, i cant get enough money to vessels apropriate for my level, the speed of leveling is too fast on the speed of upgrading the ships, its frustrating."
,Not Recommended,236150,12275084,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Porter,Boring game.
76561197971141931,Not Recommended,236150,12301333,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,aaadam,"Honestly? Wanted to love this game.Graphics are constantly set at low. Dev cant figure out the issue with this.Gameplay wise, Stale universe, meh dogfights & confusing trading.The whole concept art & voice acting screams low budget. I would of prefered written text than the speach actors, cringe worthy.Submiting a form to steam for a refund otherwise it'll be sitting in the corner of my steam libary where I never go, Right beside stardrive."
,Not Recommended,236150,12303416,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Eyh‼,"As a sandbox game, which many other people seem to enjoy, it has lots of possibilities. But, the campaign is very terrible and lackluster, and there's no good tutorial. The help system consists of screenshots and highlighted areas with captions and doesn't really teach you anything - it didn't even kick in until after I had managed to shoot a friendly planet a few times while trying to dock with it and launched again.Graphically, the ship models and stations look cool, but you don't really get to see details until you're practically nose to nose with them. The external holographic info boards outside stations make no sense to me. The angled third person chase cam makes it very hard to make your ship fly straight unless you're locked in to a waypoint. You also won't see anything happening on your ventral side because of the angles.The combat AI is terrible - as soon as your enemies get near you, they slow to a crawl, and so if you match speed with them, you're both crawling along. They'll do all sorts of flips to try to evade you while maintaining distance, which makes them ineffective at shooting you, while you chew away at their shields and hull for what seems like forever. Oh, and there's no projected flight marker on the hud either, so forget trying to use your primary weapons at range.The campaign doesn't do anything to teach you game mechanics either. It just consists of a few 'go here' waypoints, some dialogue, and kill/defend targets. Some of these waypoints are really far away, and take tens of minutes of doing nothing to get to. There are jump gates, but they're ridiculously expensive and you can't afford them doing the campaign alone. There's a few 'freelance' jobs along the way which are generally more kill targets, but they pay out very little. I also accidentally looted a contraband item, and couldn't figure out how to dump it. Oh, and there's no saving the game during campaign mode, you're at the mercy of their sporadic checkpoints, some of which occur before those long journeys doing nothing."
,Not Recommended,236150,12306659,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[Ayy lamo Le Alamo] Dr_Lecter,"When people say, ""if you like Eveyou'll like this game""- I feel as if they are referencing the long travel time where you just sit waiting for your vehicle to arrive. You have to sit around for minutes to get to where you want to go, only to be overwhelmed with the basic and boring combat. People said this game was similar to free lancer. Well, the combat is nothing like the dog fights that game had. I've put in about 6 hours and going straight for main missions. Every fight I just put most my power to weapons and shields and then try and sit behind the enemy so their guns can't target me very well. The enemy ship doesn't make any attempt to go faster to get around me so they can target me.Very lack luster, I don't know why there are so many positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,236150,13656558,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Third World Scrubs,"Do not get, terrible voice acting and story"
,Not Recommended,236150,13991224,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dream Walker,Poor game can't run 1 hour with out collapsing
,Recommended,236150,12379677,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BB-Pio,"Probably the most fun I've had in a space game since Star Trek Online.  Huge sandbox to play in. It's a very polished game in a lot of respects; graphically it's stunning. At the moment it's going through a bug fix phase since it was just released to the general public, some skills branches don't work (at least for engineer that I picked), and there's a lot unexplained mechanics, this will no doubt be resolved. I expect this game will only get better with time."
76561197979786423,Not Recommended,236150,12257481,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,pikewake,Even though I'm well within the hardware specs of this game it is unplayable even though I've set all graphics options to low values.Also:  I've had to quit just a few minutes into each try but I can still see some other problems. The tutorial is a modal popup with too much information at once - you dont have the opportunity to try out the commands you're learning before a new batch pops up. The joystick control scheme makes everything but basic ship control unusuable. Doubly so if you're using a gamepad.I really love this genre but cannot recommend this game to anyone in its current state.
76561198033047848,Not Recommended,236150,12328307,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Macglower,"Very rough, might be worth looking at later."
76561198016248583,Not Recommended,236150,14968327,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sven,♥♥♥♥♥0/10
76561198030126225,Not Recommended,236150,15227243,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,taram.caldar,"Really basic and not very fun.  Pace is slow and controls very unintuitive and overly complicated.  The interface is clunky at best.  The tutorials are overly wordy and not very helpful to new players and the game itself lacks immagination.Combat feels very painfully slow compared to other games of it's type.  I was hoping for something akin to freelancer in play quality and this just isn't anywhere near on par.  I didn't play the game very long as it didn't have any aspect that grabbed me, at all.  It reminds me a little bit of the original ""Privateer"" but without the polish and shine of that game that made it so addicting at the time.It's not an awful game but if you're looking for something akin to Privateer/Freelancer this isn't it.  It's just not on that quality level."
76561198007897761,Not Recommended,236150,12284079,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,etheric42,"While I could see this being a good game, I came into it really wanting to feel like I was flying a big honking capital ship.  Although the game had some nice mechanics like ""fire at will"" setting for the turrets, I didn't feel like I was really flying anything big and hefty.  I felt more like I was flying a capital ship back when I used to fly the cargo hauler in freespace.The sound effects could really use some love.  Most engagements I've been in have involved circling at a distance that made it difficult for the camera to track (I wish I could have zoomed out more).  The choice to use ""pulse"" style weapons really fit a more starfighter feel than if they had stuck with either beam weapons or even just old fashioned battleship style cannon/flak fire.  Oh, and the English localization isn't too good.  You can skip cutscenes, but I often wished I could just stick the spoken plot elements.  I wanted to read the story, and I normally like voiceovers, but either the writing or the direction was off enough for it to turn me off pretty quickly.It looks like there's a lot of depth and content to this game, and it will probably fulfill someone's dream, but I'm still off searching for a great capital ship game."
76561197998220438,Not Recommended,236150,12293160,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,eric_mckenzie_,"The game is nice but to many bugs, this should be a beta not a released game."
76561197978164100,Not Recommended,236150,12297457,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,M'Lady,"Pretty much Eve without the multiplayer and economy...i.e. repetitive generated faction missions. If you enjoy that type of thing, you'll like this game, but it's just no for me. Also, the autopilot is kinda glitchy, probably will be fixed in the near future but annoying right now.The pros:Beautiful graphicsUnlike EVE you can steer your ship in dog fights (would be awesome with joystick)."
76561198045510975,Not Recommended,236150,12298266,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Vegi,Nice for a start to develop the game but they need to put more elements inside to make it really good. This is just a one ship shooting game. Skills are kind of wierd. WHen you use the skill there are 5 skills are worked tgoether. ( YOu have 4 skill whole game and insrease subeffects of that skill )There is no trading fleet control function while you are fighing in the space. As i told you before this is just a one ship game.There is a room to improve. Maybe the third one will be great.
,Not Recommended,236150,12299078,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Edelguard,Terrible interface and controls
,Not Recommended,236150,12299366,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Quedrus,Game crushes always since alpha .... How cant they fix it??? if u open map ur game will crush more dont buy it guys really
,Not Recommended,236150,12307935,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Gooeypillows [TZM],"Heed this review, or join me in waiting while you've already paid.Sigh, I would have recommeded anything of this genre if it were just plain complete.  This game has everything but completness.  It crashes (which i dont care all that much) but there is little to nothing to do with little purpose to doing what little you can do.  Its a sandbox game at the moment with no sand in it.  Give this devs a year or so, then the game will be amazing!I really thought all the reviews on this game were great.  The only nay sayers I saw were idiots, but saddly the game simply is not complete.  If you can get a great sale,DEFINATLYget this game.  ItWILLbe golden... Just not yet."
,Not Recommended,236150,12309362,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Vewyn'a Telorin,"It still seems like an early access game that needs a lot of work to get out all the bugs. It's a fairly complex game, which isn't a bad thing, but it lacks any sort of tutorial aside from a ""?"" section that reads like a manual. The game has partial controller support, but only in the sense that it suppliments using a keyboard, and makes combat almost useless and impossible. I found using a mouse a much easier and better experience. Aside from the not so stellar voice acting, it seems to be a very great idea, but fails to capture the audience in teaching them how to even navigate properly. I don't recommend this game until it has seen a few patches, and a tutioral overhaul."
,Not Recommended,236150,12311014,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Dennis@ts www.mitdemkopf.de,There are a few graphicsettings wich i can't change from high to low. In this stadium it is a beta or something. Not playable for me.
76561197991579400,Not Recommended,236150,12311051,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,tripplep,"It's a scifi space game with trading, fighting, building. Graphics are good, sound is ok and the controls are easy to learn but there is one thing that realy annoys me:TEXT, on screen text.The game would be great if I could actualy read the on screen texts. The font the developers chose is not optimized for my screen resolution (1280x1024) so I realy have a hard time to read the texts. Even with the unoffical BigFont Mod it's not better. The Tutorial is in text form also. And there are a lot of other texts (mission description etc.)  And what fun does a game make if you have to poke your nose against the screen to decipher the text ? Exactly, none !"
76561197970820288,Not Recommended,236150,12311217,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FriendlyFire,not worth the money...
76561198015622671,Not Recommended,236150,12312752,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Thinkin2much,"Many good ideas, poor performance and designs. Especially poor game flow. Not worth it."
76561197972380522,Not Recommended,236150,12313147,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lupinum,"This feels like a simpler, more watered down version of X3.  And the voice over acting is terrible.  That said its relatively bug free and a decent game.If you are going to spend the 20 bucks on a single player space game, X3 is a much better bang for the buck.  Just do yourself a favor and stay away from X:Rebirth, its terrible."
76561197999003913,Not Recommended,236150,12325938,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,B.Wayne,"SInlge player only, didn't know that. Thought this was an MMO. Also the worst part about the game is the HUD controls. You'll quickly get annoyed trying to meanuver your ship for combat and overall game play is inconvient. Won't be playing anymore than I already have."
76561197970480316,Not Recommended,236150,12449995,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Leviathan,"After a long consideration, whether I should give a thumb up or down, I have to go with the negative.  It's really borderline if you ask me...if they'd ask me to give a percentage, I would give 50%While the visuals are nice and the option of upgrading the ship with various devices and ""powers"" and so is the roleplaying element of giving stats, there is something empty about this game.You fly around in a 3rd person /behind/ view of a ship and you navigate through space by an interactive 2D starmap.  You do missions, which are mainly destroy other ships or follow the main campaign , which is pretty much flying to various location and ...drumroll...destroy other ships.The way it's done is by trying to position your ship so your main guns get the best angle and this requires moving your camera view while keeping an eye on your speed and direction.   Also don't forget to activate your ""powers"", which are usually about your shields, your guns or extra chance to hit ...similar abilities you'd find in many fantasy rpgs.While this may be fun for many...and the argument of ""but so are other similar games have a similar gameplay"" , this game doesn't really push any boundaries.   You could easily see it as a copycat of Starflight from the late 80s, but that had more features (planetary landing and exploration).The game just feels shallow, despite the best attempts and best intentions of the developers and there is a huge thumb up for their efforts and communication with the public while making this game, but I'm here to write a review on the game, not the intentions and public relations."
76561198050932428,Not Recommended,236150,14928879,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Iam667minus1,"Feels like a kid wrote this game in his basement.  If it were free, I'd consider a positive rating.  Simply, there are free games that are better than this.  Waste of money."
,Recommended,236150,18898245,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hariwulf,Aweosome.Get it.
76561198045968497,Not Recommended,236150,31231342,Posted: 18 April,all,Ukkoa,If you're looking for an experience similar to the X-series or freelancer - keep looking.
76561198007910327,Not Recommended,236150,9968223,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,powellperalta71,"I am not all that impressed with this game. If you have played the atypical Privateer type games in the past and just found yourself doing the same thing over and over again then you're in for more of the same here unfortunately. Get a mission, do the mission, fight a few ships there or along the way, rinse and repeat.  I am not exaggerating.I will wait and see what changes they make but I'm really disappointed since the top reviewers all recommended this game.Bottom line: I feel deceived by the reviewers and Steam.  There's no reason this game should have that many positive reviews at the top of its list. I will not be buying anything from Steam anytime soon due to the fact I think they definitely stacked the reviews for this game to push sales.On the positive side the music is decent and the graphics are ok too.I cannot emphasize how REPETITIVE this game is however... You have been warned!"
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,236150,13513605,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Galious,"Boring, don't waste your money on this unfinished mess."
76561198026545377,Not Recommended,236150,12360583,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kejal,"In its current form (version 1.0003) I can not recommend the game. Though it is by no means awful, there is simply not enough content to stay interested longer than a day or two.Weak points:1. Static universe: Dockable stations and space objects like satellites/gas collectors are all fixed and indestructible. Ships simply spawn, get destroyed and spawn again. Player actions do not have any impact on the universe whatsoever which is a shame because all territories (hexes on the starchart) have an owner and player let wars which lead to territories being conquered would make the universe much more dynamic.2. Factions are uninspired and interchangeable (see 3.). There is no dynamic between for example traders and pirates. Either a faction is good or evil and will attack all other evil or good factions. All factions could be reduced to 3, one good, one evil and one ""I hate you no matter what you do"" faction.3. Weak reputation system: Your reputation with a faction is based solely on your alignment (good/evil). All factions are either aligned with good or evil (there are no neutral factions). When having a high(good) reputation all good factions will be friendly and you can not antagonize a single one of them without antagonizing all4. User Interface: The game lacks shortcuts for basic actions like docking. There is only a ""quick action"" shortcut which is used for dropping fast travel AND docking. Should you be in range for docking you will dock otherwise drop fast travel and slowly crawl towards the station until you can dock.5. Missions: The current mission types are extremely basic kill, protect, fly to and transport missions. They get reptetitive fast.6. Voice acting is bad: Even if you try to get immersed in the campaign storyline, chances are good that the awful voice acting will make it impossible.Strong points:1. Seamless universe2. Fast travel systems are interesting and remain useful throughout the game with unique pros and consI recommend to wait a few month for either the devs or modding community to add more content to the game."
76561198019198267,Not Recommended,236150,12361653,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LawzoL,"Well, brilliant write up, brilliant team of devs, looks all golden. Brilliant game though? NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I have been giving this one the benefit of the doubt and will continue to try and get into it, but it's a pile of steaming horse♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Huge are to explore? NO!Fun? NO!Normal pace to get anywhere? NO!Boring as f*ck? YESI cannot believe I was drawn in by the sparkling reviews of obviously friends of the dev teams, please avoid or wait for a demo of it.Okay, the good points:Beautiful, albeit a tad basic.If you have years of time to get anywhere in this, its great.Been playing games for years now and this recent batch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥te that gets thrown out there is a perfect example of how the quaility in this generation of games has dropped so horrendously. Yes, you can play as different roles such as a miner (heaven forbid why) or a good general mix and match role, but that is it. Trying to catch and board a ship for good money returns? Hey look, a bunch of friendlies decloaked and although you almost took it, they are now destroying it with your guys still inside. One of many stupid dev mistakes in this one and is HIDEOUSLY ANNOYING on top of not having any depth. Worth £10 for an afternoons entertainment, but anything over is a joke. Grr! :-("
76561197997086446,Not Recommended,236150,13611802,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,zasz.inc,"Hi this is my first review and im Danish so be nice ;)I Dont like this game, and i thought you guys should know why.The game is supposed to be a space sim. but mostly it feels like the Joystick controls are slapped on like an afterthought.Ofc. you can use your Cyborg X just fine, but you will have to aim with the mouse on the side?!I am allways surprised how little attention the joystick interface in some of these games, after all they are trying to ""simulate"" flight right? And if you do want to ues the joystick without the mouse you will have to place the mouse in the center off the screen after every single popup, and that gets tedious very very fast.Furthermore in combat the ai sometimes just stop flying all together at just sit there shooting at you well i guess because it can.I havent played a lot of the campaign but i will just say that after the 3 mission they try to sway you to go back to freeroam, so dont buy it for the story.I dont know a lot more about this game though cause frankly im done with it, but if you are looking for a sandbox space arcade game this might be ok i guess, no promisses tho."
,Not Recommended,236150,13683718,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,baby jesus,"This game has a lot of heart and good intentions, but has a lot of implementation issues as of version 1.2.It seems to be under active development, but the issues I have with it run so deep that it is unlikely they will get fixed. Everything that is not world sim is implemented as cheaply as possible, and to fix all of these issues would never make business sense.- Tutorals are non-interactive and your first 5-10 minutes of your experience is you being interrupted by annoying dialog boxes with way too many bullet points to read in one go.- The planets and bases do not feel like places, and are just a UI screen with some static concept art as a wallpaper if you are lucky. There is no docking animation. Space stations don't even rate background art. Hence there is no feeling of exploration.- The campaign is done entirely via comm chatter and dialog boxes and is incredibly limited. You are not going to meet a character at a bar on a space station. That would need character art, space station art, and space bars for that, which is so far beyond the budget of this game as it is now that it's just never going to happen.- The UI is not finished yet. I stopped playing because I accidentally removed all of my turrets trying to figure out the interface. The button to put them back on didn't work. The only way to figure out what is going on is to do forum searches, but my game was still corrupted because of UI designs so bad it basically looks like the game is broken. If you are 13 you might have the patience for that, I do not.- Considering how tiny the budget is, it is way over-priced. This should be $20 tops.- There are missing sound effects for things (e.g. nothing for tractor beams, picking up scrap, and beam weapon sounds are buggy and have start/stop issues).+ The core sandbox 3d gameplay and navigation, where they did spend their time, is a gem. I hope they can at least make the game playable so I can try and become a pirate fleet commander one day, albeit not in the game I wish it was.Even though I am giving it a thumbs down, it's not a very strong thumbs down. I do plan on revisiting the game in 6 months or so to see how it is. Taken on its own terms, with UI and tutorial improvements the game could be quite enjoyable, even if it's more of a limited and unimmersive sort."
,Not Recommended,236150,13706101,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,satanguy,"I enjoy the game while it's working - but every time I play it it freezes about 20 minutes in during a fight. And ofcourse you can't save mid game so it means you have to force exit the game, load the save, and then travel again to the way point to start the fight again. Frustrating to say the least."
76561198006780289,Not Recommended,236150,13749781,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ReaverOfCheesecake,"STAY AWAY!!!!Full of large bugs (crashes OS... not just game. This reflects the poor coding of the game and not my system. I am able to run my system under heavy load for hours with a multitude of different games (FPS, RTS, MMO's etc) so i know that my system is stable). I managed to get to the second part of the story but it constantly crashes in the same place so cannot progress any further. There are also other glitches with the graphics (weird artifacts) and the game pauses for around 2 seconds when moving into a new sector (you can cross 10 or so sectors in a single trip so this is pretty significant). The story also is missing some voice acting in parts (clearly missed by accident by the development team but further reflects the poor quality control that went into this game).Very dissapointed! I am writing this to warn others. This review is for the version 1.2. So the full  (Patched) release, not the alpha version."
,Not Recommended,236150,13781511,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ass Gorehead,"At first glance this game seemed to have everything I wanted from a RPG/space sim combo, but what started out as an enjoyable experience quickly turned into an exercise in frustration. The game seems to suffer from major balance issues and design flaws.The class system doesn't really contribute much to the gameplay as the only difference between the three classes are 4 skills which hardly seem to affect gameplay other than an animation on activating a skill.Regarding balance, I've played all three classes in campaign and freeroam mode and once you reach around level 12 the game seems to go out of sync with what your character is able to do. All combat missions have enemies rated as 'Impossible' to defeat and unless there happens to be friendlies in the area you're pretty much doomed. It also seems impossible to stay alive longer than a few seconds in hostile space as you'll be swarmed by enemies against which you stand no chance. So the sandbox is in reality confined to space in the vicinity of friendly stations.Combat is clunky as most of the time you'll be battling the camera view instead of the enemies who will be off-screen for the majority of the fight. This means that manual combat isn't an option.Making money to buy better ships is also a bit of a chore as it takes forever to make the roughly 2 million credits you'll need to buy your first decent ship. What seems to be the fastest way to make some money is by boarding and selling enemy ships which is also made almost impossible by friendly NPCs tending to blow up the ship you're trying to capture with all your troops on board.All in all I'm rather disappointed to be so let down by this game as on the surface it really has the potential to be excellent."
76561198045466290,Not Recommended,236150,12293554,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Lord Slargfest,"I think this game has potential.Pro's:Combat is fun.Living universe is neat.Con's:It felt a little outdated, graphics wise.I got bored of the repetition very quickly."
76561198023840494,Not Recommended,236150,12296154,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Alucard,"Sept 29: campaing has bugsPromissing game otherwize, just lost of bugs...overused forum from betaflight is a bit slugish, so is the camera,skill effects and targeting needs some workskills need tweaking, example: rift is just a  lot of light, a gravity well would have made more sensemay change opinion depending on how fast they work on thosedid solve reported bug in a timely fashionfurthermore the gameplay is unbalancedcant give orders to your mercs (not efficiently)to have  them listed in  the HUD would be nicetoo much xp, too little $so in my right mind, im playing it, and enjoying it for what it is,but cant recommend it as it is, people i know would be mad at me: WTF 40$?so, not gonna rocommend.... yetJan 17, decided to give it a try again... needless to say,  i used mods to aleviate the shortcoming, like cash, rank, starting ship, sure it made the game playable, but to be honest, this game is brokenhell, if I could play with an other player that be something, with mod to help the gameplay sure.... but no multiplayer, and the story..... a bit lame and not fufillingWant an awesome single player space game?? Starwolf 3, a bit retro, but its gold compared to this"
76561198018690200,Not Recommended,236150,12296849,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"Lag like I've never seen. Not really sure if I like the game or not, because despite topping the recommended system requirements, gameplay is like watching a fast slide show moving at a frame or two per second. Not playable at all."
76561198028730138,Not Recommended,236150,12356220,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Rennes,"No, its NOT Freelancer. The fast-paced action is missing. Check youtube before you buy."
76561198023177664,Not Recommended,236150,12356894,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Drew,"This game isn't Freelancer, don't let anyone tell you it's like Freelancer.  Played for 15 minutes, regret it already.  No cruise engines, so it takes forever to get anywhere.  No audio for colliding with ships or objects.  Friendly or neutral ships don't fire back when you shoot them.  Not even a mini tutorial on controls when the game starts.  I'm going to look into a refund."
76561198006748899,Not Recommended,236150,12363474,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,osus,I  am really tired of this Crashings.......The game is simply impossible to playAny suggestions?
76561198040276656,Not Recommended,236150,14176062,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,teMELEEn,"SHORT: If you want to paly space arcade which is quite easy and has kinda little for you to do (you like to do same thing over and over), then this game is for you. If you want to play space sim that is more difficult and real, play evochron mercenary or some X series (Id prefer evochron, X in my view is much shallower than most of the people would tell).*********************************************LONG: ok i waited for some sale for this game for quite some time now as I am a huge space games fan. So when the price went down I went ahead and bought it. Its not a bad game, it just feels... unfinished. My points below:QUEST LINE - is kinda ok. I got lost time to time in who is who, but its not hard to follow if you pay attention. Not super enganging tough. If you think about cutscenes, forget it. Youl get just some mediocre voice acting and thats it.SIDE MISSIONS - they are insanely repetitive. There are even no variations on given mission type what so ever. Example - all science misions are about go somwhere, scan something in like 10 seconds and thats it. It does not matter if the diff level is 1 or 40, its always the same (and you can of course do level 40 mission at level 1)... that applies to all non combat missions. Why? I have no idea. Its important to mention that there are like 5 or 6 mission types. And if you think that would not bother you think again, I tought the same... it will.COMBAT: is the only fun thing and even then its really easy to master. If you are careful, you cannot die in this game. If you do, you just did not get the mechanics right cause once you do, you cannot die. Or you got cocky. You either obliterate anything or run away, which is super easy. Just get some higher level railguns and kill everything. But its fun, really... first game I had a feeling of controlling a big ship all by myself.On the other hand theres not really extensive tactics to apply. You can either fire manually (which is impossible as theres no targeting computer... and try to hit 1px big thing floating in space) or auto fire without possibility of selecting a priority target.ECONOMICS: well this is where the whole game sort of breaks down. Theres only one meaningful way to make money - boarding ships and selling them. Really, theres no point in doing anything else for money making, its just not worth the invested time. Doing missions? Hell no, you will get 10x more money from single low level boarded vessel than from any low level mission (and it takes like 1/10 time). Trading or mining? Nah, too much time spent. Hunting for bounties? Even more time spent.One example for all - at level 1 you are able to board basic gunships. Each sell for 30-120K depenging on its liadout. Side mission on the first levels give you around 10k. So why the hell would you wanna do them except when you need to level up?At the end of the day you will do just these things in this game:1. hang around enemy territory near friendly station and board anything you can board (its not hard, just basic math + some upgrades). After you save enough money, go leveling.2. do side missions just for XP (power leveling, not fun at all) to get to next rank3. byu new ship, repeat step 14. at any given time do the main quest (because why not)You could do more, but the thing is - why would you? And dont go all out on me with role playing... thats human nature - doing the most effective things to achieve a goal. I dont see why should I go mining if I can make much more money much more easily with much less time spent.ARMAMENTis unbalanced. Actually theres no level requirement for any equipment/upgrades/weapons, just for ships. So its very easy to go OP, cause you never have money problem (boarding) so you can buy the best stuff there is straight on. Of course you dont put max level weapons on the basic gunship because of energy consumption, but you get the idea.Also theres not much to upgrade. I got to the point where at level 35 (out of 60!) I had the best ship (frankly why are we allowed to have the best ship at half of level cap?), everything maxed out (best weapons, most expensive upgrades). At that point you can do only one thing that can influnece your ship and that is blueprint hunting. And that is random. totally random. You just have to do all the stuff over and over and over again and wait for a drop (which is not that often). Not fun at all. And you dont need it, you can be OP even without blueprint equip.Also its all transferrable to your new ship so once you upgraded let's say engine to the max, you never change it... even if you do this at level 5, you will stay with that upgrade until level 60.Last thing - only three weapon types + rockets (which are useless) :(ABILITIESThey work fine, but they are not super essential. You can win most of the fights without using any active abilites. Passive abilities are helpful.But its nothing extensive, you basically have 4 active abilities that you upgrade (each with sever sub categories but you usually stick to one or two of them). You get a point each level or so. Passive abilities you can upgrade only once per rank, they have quite nice bonuses to make you even more OP (OP square?).CONCLUSIONThis game feels like bugless beta. There is whole level of depth missing and it feels like the devs just put some stuff together not really thinking about how its gonna work together. The boarding mechanics I find the most troubling as it influences all other aspects of the game, its uper easy and makes you do nothing more than that.It would take some changes to make this game great:- balancing the money incomes to support role playing (again why the hell would I be a miner?)- break down the upgrades to more levels and introduce level requirement for better equip- make different pieces of shields, energy source, engines etc so theres more variety. Right now you only upgrade, but dont replace anything.- make the side missions more interesting and incorporated into the mechanics (e.g. scanning higher level anomalies would need you to go to enemy territory/needs special equipment/whatever + you would need this to unlock upgrades for some of your equipment)- more complex tacticsI really tried to like this game as my record shows, but after this time I just totally lost interest in playing. Maybe I did not figure out some of the stuff I did criticise so in that case let me know. But from my perspective you should not buy this game for full price, $10 tops. It gets old very fast.Id recommend all space freaks to go and crack into evochron mercenary. Its just awesome and after you get through steep learning curve (which is a good sign of complexity) it will reward you with best space feeling I ever had. One more thing to add about evochron - INERTIAL FLYING!!!"
,Not Recommended,236150,14747124,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,mwyeoh,"This game has a good premise, however combat is simplistic and relies on autoaim, trade is very basic and seems quite random and missions are unbalanced.For all space based first person games, I still believe X2 was the pinnacle"
76561197985772141,Not Recommended,236150,22182889,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Avastar,Can't complete any mission and make it back to a station to save before the game's graphics crash and send me to a white screen. Not playable.Updating my NVIDIA driver's did not fix the issue.GTX 970Intel i5-6600K32GB RamWin 10 Pro 64
,Not Recommended,236150,22197064,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Depends On Depends,Boring.
76561198004306894,Not Recommended,236150,22406048,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Strong Sad,"This is a great game that has been damaged beyond use by its creators.  It has a number of mechanics that are quite fun.  There are multiple different ways to move around the universe (including surfing a wormhole) which is fun.  Ship design has enough detail to be fun.  Combat is a mix of skill (manual aiming) and equipment which is also quite fun.  The most fun you can have is capturing another ship.  This requires some amount of skill because the ship has to be damaged a lot in order for your troops to be able to overwhelm the other ship's crew and automated defenses.  All this should make for a very enjoyable game.  However, someone seems to have confused annoyance with difficulty.  When they created higher difficulty levels (normal is quite easy and, therefore, not very fun) they decided to make ship capturing more annoying.  Not harder (by making enemies stronger).  Not riskier (by increasing the chance you will get jumped by pirates looking for two ships for the price of one).  Not more expensive (by increasing the cost of troops).  Not less lucrative (by making the salvage value less or increasing taxes).  They just made it more annoying.  On any level above normal they make is so that other ships in the area continue to fire on the ship you are trying to capture.  This means that unless you are really fast, the friendlies will destroy your prize.  You cannot fight them off because they have overwhelming power and numbers.  This mindless agression is also focused on ships that you have been paid to capture.  Thats right, organizations will put a reward out for the capture of a ship so they can extract vital information, but at the same time, they let their own ships just blow the information up.  Because that makes sense.  The justification for this behavior is that ship capturing is the easiest way to make money so they wanted to make it harder.  But they just made it more annoying by having the AI troll the player.  As a strange consequence of their logic, the higher level difficulties are actually much easier.  Neutral ships will always attack ""bad"" ships as aggressively as possible.  This includes ships that you have been hired to kill.  So you can actually take almost any mission that is a kill mission because the neutrals will kill the enemy for you.  This is much faster than trying to capture ships and towing them back to a station.  You just wander in, let the computer do the mission for you, collect the prize money and wander away again.  Easy, but not very fun.  The creators have been defending their choices for years (there are steam forum posts from at least 2014) so don't expect it to change.  The game might be worth playing if someone has a mod for AI behavior and adjusts the difficulty in a more rational manner.  I'm not quite ready to give up on the game but I definitely cannot recommend playing it as the creators have built it.  Unless you like being trolled by your own computer.  In that case, have fun."
,Not Recommended,236150,13220651,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,HefBot 2.0,"A steaming turd of a game and no mistake.The tutorial consists of a couple of pictures and sparse writing which, often, does not even relate to what you are currently even doing in the game.The campaign is dull and the voice acting so wooden I felt like I was watching an Australian soap-opera. I didn't manage to get very far through it before giving up on it for being so grating.The controls are unresponsive and don't even slightly work with a joystick.The game world feels empty and static.There's zero direction like one of the X games, without the sense of actually achieving anything.Then, to add insult to injury, the difficulty curve of the game is based on your pilot level. This is one of the cardinal sins of lazy game development, to make the game adjust its difficulty purely based on how much the player has played it. There are no difficult regions of space, it's all just one homogenous blend where you are far better off just chasing the dollars than the xp bar.Also you can't save whenever you please. Because reasons.Then there's the bugs. Does not support Joysticks. Does not support multiple monitor setups. Weird♥♥♥♥♥♥just happens for no reason with this game.I don't know why I even laid down one cent for this horrid game.Do NOT buy."
76561198032121810,Not Recommended,236150,9993733,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,double0proph3t,"Not bad. but not great. some things they need to add that really should have been in from the start. not having a camera lock on target is a HUGE mistake. one that will kill the game if not remedied in time. next the display for shields is a little bit undetailed. in the first game it was vibrant and colorful, you got to see your shields status with a perifral view. here you have to keep a little bit more of a closer eye on it then you should have to. Next is the fireing arcs. at least the starting frigate you get have no weapons on the dorsal side of the ship which means you whilst messing with the camera and view because the genius' didnt make a friggin camera lock, your ship is not firing its weapons even though it has prime fireing postion..... 2 the ease at which you can see the status of your targeted ship...yeah  ease is not in these guy's vocabulary. all in all the game is very unpolished and needs a lot of help fast. it could be a great game but if they dont fix the stuff that should have been part of the foundation of the game this will be a dud.  In my opinion....WAIT, wait for as long as necessarty for these guys to fix it. if they dont. you will not have wasted your money."
,Not Recommended,236150,12277887,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Korvyr,"Looks pretty, has zero content though. Random, infinite missions are not what I call content, either. That's called filler."
76561198031902606,Not Recommended,236150,12932376,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,paul,"I really wanted to like this game.  It evolves many of the best ideas from EVE Online and favorite old space strategy games, but they're not fully developed or well executed here.PROS:  Graphics are very nice and performance was good.CONS:  The storyline campaign is so cartoonish, hackneyed, and poorly acted that it became increasingly annoying for me.  The economy felt like an afterthought - has anyone actually progressed in this game through mining, trading, or anything other than boarding and capturing gunships?  Even that is buffoonishly implemented because your ship's stats and your pilot's skills have very limited impact on boarding success compared to the simple math of winning by carrying a superior number of the essentially unlimited, no-cost ""trooopers.""This game is may be a good choice, though, for pre-teens as an introduction to the genre."
76561197993525397,Not Recommended,236150,12279504,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kaje,I read all the positive reviews and bought the game. I dont see it. The game looks and feels like a cheap indie. There is no immerison or the feel like fe. Freelancer once did. Wher are the rpg elements that are mentioned?Not worth the money in my opinion.
76561198103251132,Not Recommended,236150,9931594,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Gak237,"Cool game with lots of potential, but don't buy this just yet if you don't like the frustration that comes with a Beta.  Lots of crashes."
76561197974634162,Not Recommended,236150,26124175,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,istari101,"Too grindy for me, and it was really hard to get into with the shoddy/non-existent tutorials. I was just bored stiff. I did look nice, though."
76561197973143935,Not Recommended,236150,12280695,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shadowhawk08,"Did I buy an Early Access game? Performance is terrible, even with all of the settings turned off or down (at least the settings that I can change, the game refuses to keep my changes on a couple of options). My machine meets the minumum specs but I can't play at all. Sounds like it will be a lot of fun once the get some optimization going and fix the performance issues, but until then I can't recommend it."
76561198034430513,Not Recommended,236150,12960429,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Skillz,"this game is not very good at all it lacks all kinds of depth and the combat is really bad. I wish it was half as good as the video.there is ZERO complexity,there's some neat ideas but it plateaus quickly,graphics are ok nothing spectacular."
,Not Recommended,236150,13495593,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SomeDuder,"Shallow gameplay, features that aren't implemented or badly and a general low quality feel to the game makes this no replacement for Freelancer or X. I don't know where to begin, so I'll just ejaculate my thoughts as they surface:Ships, which range from sub-capitals (Gunships) to dreadnaughts, all feel like fighters. They've got turrets, but there's no feeling of ""weight"" behind it all. No tracking needed, stuff turns on a dime. Shield and armor feel useless. Fighters and bombers just ""blip"" into existence when you launch them. Worst of all is that you're made to believe this is a space game, yet there's no trace of inertia - shut off the engine and you come to a perfect stop. I'll admit that this is hardly the only game that's guilty of this faux pas, but it's extremely noticable in SG2. The main mode of travel, ""power to engines"", is slow and takes any feeling of fluidity out of playing.Too many factions. All of them without any personality or motivations. Building up a reputation doesn't seem to do anything, and the game randomly turns them hostile or friendly towards the player during the storyline without any lasting damage or benefits. Devs, instead of having 36 factions (I'm not making this up), just have a couple of main players on the political stage and a few overt bad guys (Pirates + the Big Bad).Quality of the game is lacking. Voice-acting is terrible, accompanied by large amounts of text between main missions. Do not play this game for the main campaign, for its storyline is the most blaise of generic sci-fi crap and daddy-issues (Which also assumes you have played the previous SG's campaign).German and eastern European developers - stop using local ""talent"" as actors and writers. The accents are horrible (""Ze Germans are comingk!"") and the amount of spelling errors and horrible construction of sentences in the written text makes me just wanna skip all the nonsense.All of that, and it's not feature complete. There's this whole section of skills, perks and abilities (even a class) dedicated to fleet combat, but you're only ever in control of your own ship. You can hire mercenaries, but they require regular payment, you don't get a group of ships to command and control. Docking (or ""anchoring"" as its called in SG2) is non-existent, you just float up to a station and press a button. Not that stations are that necessary - they only feature to have a place to save the game, repair and rearm and buy crap.tl;dr - vapid game devoid of any passion. Galaxy looks nice though!"
76561197982844293,Not Recommended,236150,13071530,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,semptex,"bit bland,poor voice actingno option of skipping the cutscenestoo much waiting in between missions"
76561198139864451,Not Recommended,236150,17418326,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ambermonk,"There are 4 things that I don't like about this game...1.  After downloading the game, I discovered that the tactical display key would not function.  I had to do some extensisve remapping to finally get it to work properly.  Until this key was repaired, I lost every single combat that I was in.2.  This game boasts of lots of locations that you can fly to.  This is somewhat true (to a limited extent) and I was quite pleased with all the different kind of space stations.  That said, this game has a huge & glariing problem.  After you dock at a space station, all you get is a rather sterile screen display (like a spreadsheet) THAT IS THE SAME FOR EVERY STARBASE IN THE GAME.  There are no people to meet, no places to see, no contacts to be made, simply nothing!  Other companies have solved this problem with procedural generation, but the Devs didn't seem to be up to it.  Since their game is primarily hard-coded, they will never be able to add the flexibility & expandability that a game like this would do best with.  Every time you go to a starbase, it's the same thing over & over.  This severly limits the playability of the game.3.  Computer shooting games are quite popular these days.  This game takes it a step farther!  This game explicitly advocates cold-blooded murder.  About 85% of all the missions you can undertake are 'assasination' missions.  You are hired to go out and cold-bloodedly kill someone who doesn't even know you.  Oh, you can be a trader if you want, but you won't get very far.  The ship you start out with has a very small cargo hold - far too small to make much money as a trader.  Exacerbating this is the fact that larger ships are prohibitivly expensive.  The only way you can make enough money reasonably fast is to murder people.  If you aren't willing to commit large-scale murder, this game is not going to be for you.  furthurmore, because of all the murder required to play this game, I consider it to be unacceptable for children - and probably for many teenagers as well.  I personally find this relaxed attitude towards murder morally objectionable.4.  I am  also not recommending' this game not because of the game itself, but rather the developer's website.  I registered for the forums on their site and waited for the 'confirmation email.'  It never came.  I tried dozens of times, for days, for the confirmation email to be resent, but to no avail.  I contacted the webmaster to request help, but received no reply.  I submitted a 2nd request for help, but that also was ignored.  Apparently the company cannot be bothered to maintain their own website.  But who knows, I could be just misinformed.  Perhaps the entire company is on vacation, or perhaps the company is no longer in business, or no longer supporting this game.Their pronounced lack of support does not bode well for the future of the game.  Let the buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,236150,11372930,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Reinier,"Pros-------- Beautiful graphics- Unique ship designs and many ships available- The game has a very good shield design that doesnt link all the shields together instead it seperates shields by left, right, front, and back so if your shields go down on the left side of your ship you can shift your ship so that the enemy attacks other parts that still have a shield up.- The game world is pretty huge and reminds me alot of the Star Trek films because you run into nebulas, asteroids, chunks of ice, wormholes, anomalies, and all kinds of cool space stuff that make the game fun to explore.- There is a bounty system so if you want to be a space bounty hunter you can seek out wanted criminals for huge bounty rewards but right now taking enemy ships doesnt work too well.- The price is pretty reasonable, most new games coming out now ask $60 for new releases but this game cost less than half of that.Cons-------- Ship customization leaves a little bit to be desired at the momment because you can pick the ships name, color, and decal but there arent that many decals available, you cant create your own ships with parts you scavanage from destroyed ships, and there are no hood ornaments or other unique additions to add to your ship to really make it feel like your own.- You cant view the inside of  your ship, the decks, the crew, or decorate the interior of your ship.- The current missions in the game are all generic ""deliver item from X location to Y location"" or ""Patrol these waypoints"" which are cut and paste from all the other games, nothing really ground breaking.- Right now in the Early Access you can destroy enemy ships but if they leave a derelict which is like the shell of the ship upon destroying the ship you cant salvage it only destroy it and get the loot that it drops.- Boarding enemy ships is just a numbers game right now, its about who has the most commandos but there is no gear or weapons that you can add to boarding parties to increase their chances of success.- Landing on a planet or station will just open up a transaction window but it doesnt have any animations, landing videos, or videos of your character interacting with the local merchants.- Turrent view seems awkward at times, its hard to shoot from the turrents while trying to drive your ship at the same time, whats the point of manning the guns if you have to pilot the ship at the same time? someone fire those lazy crew members of the player ships.- Weapons seem underpowered, in some fights you can be fighting enemy ships for 5-10 min before the enemy ship gets destroyed and you will have to wait for cooldown on lasers/plasma weapons to keep shooting.- Cargo space is very limited, you really have to decide what you wanna carry with you and how much money you want to make from loot. The game isnt very friendly if you want to play as a space trader making profit from trade.- There are no fleet options in the game yet to command your own fleet of ships.- Hacking enemy ship systems seems to not be in the game yet, at least there isnt any option to attempt to hack the enemy ships systems but there is gear that you can purchase to add % of chance to defend against hacking attempts on your ship.- Right now there isnt a story mode in the game yet, only a free roam mode.- The ""Free Roam"" mode has a game world that is divided into sectors each controlled by a mining station, space station, planet, or other big structure but none of those structures are capturable at the moment.Conclusion------------Its a very fun game to play with alot of potential for growth and improvement but right now the game isnt in a playable state that I would consider justified to buy it right now. The only reason that people should buy this game right now is if they want to support the developers or if they have hope for the future but with the way the video game industry is right now with games having a million DLC's to get a complete game having hope for the future with developers can often backfire.The developers are very active in the community page, answer questions, and comment on suggestions that the community makes to improve the game but the development team seems pretty small and progress is slow. It is my hope that the game does well and continues to improve but nobody knows how long it would take for the game to be at a stage where its considered complete and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,236150,14131673,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Maxdoom,"It's okay but really simple mechanisms that repeat over and over. Story is not interesting at all, the atmosphere in the universe doesn't feel alive. It's like a weak Solo-Offline-Arcarde version of EVE Online.5.5/10"
76561198001934406,Not Recommended,236150,9925106,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,vincecipriano,"A great game that I wish I could get into.  The fact that as soon as I make a change in the options, my cursor no longer responds to the entire screen makes it unplayable.  I can not even change the resolution to open up the mouse's range, even when set to the same resolution as my desktop, which is what the mouse is tracking for some reason.  Hope they fix this soon, I'd like to play it a while but now the game is set to control options that I need to revert to default, because it didnt pick up half of the controller buttons.  However, as soon as I hit ""Reset"", the border that the mouse can not move over is above where I can ""apply changes"".The game looks great, and I had a lot of fun before I went to see if the controller would work, but this has made it impossible to play.  Keeping an eye out for a patch."
,Not Recommended,236150,12120506,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Dikke Butte,"Beware the positive review circlejerk.The game is cute and fun, for an hour or two. Beyond that it's dull, repetitive and ultimately not very good. Systems and features seem only half implemented. It might be a great game at some point, but right now (Sept '14) it's not worth the $15 I paid for it."
76561197973998304,Not Recommended,236150,12712148,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,mr.wrong,When paying 31.99 € on this thing i thought it would be a released versionbut its not at all its a beta test paying full pricenice game nice atmosphere i realy want to play it !but its sooo far from beeing finished give em 6 months to a year b4 purchaseother choiche is to love the genre look for something like freelancer and buy it right away ... overpayed tho
76561197994431445,Not Recommended,236150,12299067,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Viriathu,"I was reluctant to buy this game but after Freelancer i looked for a replacer all this years, and i tought this would be the one, well its not, not even close.The game is well done, beautiful, complex but... theres allways a but, combat is terrible, the ship movement is not fluid and intense as Freelancer, the npc character that interact with you on main mission look like they are terrible actors and are reading a script, the UI, characters pics and most of the stuff is awfully colorful, look like a bad cartoon, forutnatly there is the workshop, someone had the excelent ideia of making it less colorful, it dont hurt your eyes to much.This is just a first impression review since i will continue to play, pay for it after all, but the combat thing is really holding me back and i dont know if this game will be just one more on the list that will be grayed out.After all these years and with so much good technology around no one can make a game to the level of Freelancer, its sad.So, after playing around 2 more hours, i will delete this game from my list, unplayable really, frequent crashes, only have the UI mod but its not that since it crashes without either, the combat can only be done with automatic guns because its impossible to hit a planet, and after awhile, even if i like to win i feel im just flying around chasing ships while AI shoots them, no skill, nothing... one good aspect though, flying larger ships its fun, but hell... no thanks."
,Not Recommended,236150,20871129,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tea2theBag,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993448092,Not Recommended,236150,32633756,Posted: 21 June,all,greydragon,Complete waste of money. Any combat I get into I am dead instantly without any reason why and suddenly I am back to the main menu. no animations or indications. boom. main menu. No save because I've not gotten past the intro section yet. It is up to date and patched to the newest. I've spent a total of 27.3 hours trying to play this game without any rewards or success.
,Not Recommended,236150,22787619,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,snowgeese,"I really, really tried to like this game and enjoyed it until I got to about level 10 or so when it became almost impossible to win a battle. I got really tired of having my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me every time I took on an assasination quest even though it was rated lower than my level.  Perhaps the developers could take a second look at this and make the battles more reasonable and fair as you level up.  Also the cost of better ships is completely unaffordable so you get caught in this death spiral where you have no hope at all.  Woe be it to you if you happen upon an enemy.  You're toast before you can even get off a couple of shots.  I hope that the developers take these comments to heart because there's what I believe to be a decent game here."
76561197992171864,Not Recommended,236150,9424168,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Docsis,"I see lots of potential here, but right now, there doesn't seem much to do. I read that Beta is coming very soon and they are going to add some of the other content that isn't in the Alpha. I hope so...   I recommend it, but you may want to wait until they add the other content. Keeping my fingers crossed that they do everyhing that this game has the potential for!"
,Not Recommended,236150,15394153,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,savaze,"This has potential to be a good game (by description and LP's I've seen), but I've owned it since it released and I still haven't been able to play it due to game destroying bugs. The devs are nonresponsive and I've tried all of the fixes that I could find online. The longest I've been able to play is for 15 minutes, and that's since the DLC released -before then I couldn't get past the splash screen for more than a minute (and it usually crashed with the SS). Some have insisted the DLC offers the fixes for these bugs, but I don't see the need to pay to get the game fixed for what should have worked from the get go. I'm not the only one who has these problems. I'd say wait and see, but it's been eight months + the early access. If you feel the need to buy it I would wait until it's on a 90% off sale."
,Not Recommended,236150,12296731,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Nuclearmonkees,"Dunno what kind of drugs people were on when they said ""it's like freelancer!""Maybe in the vaguest possible sense. It reminds me more of a grindy MMO type experience except it's not even got the whole giant chatroom thing going for it. Combat is bland and unvaried. Missions are bland and unvaried. Campaign and sandbox are similarly boring. You never feel like you are in any danger and the universe feels like a soulless husk.Regret my purchase."
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,236150,12392976,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DarknessEyes,"Stars: 2 of 5* Only 40 hours gameplay.* No end game content.* Camera control is the worst thing i ever seen... Its a nigthmare!!!* You can complete lvl 20 missions at lvl 1..* You can kill ""impossible"" and ""deadly"" enemies without even getting your shield under 80%...* Lacks on weapons.* Lacks on skills and perks."
76561198063978878,Not Recommended,236150,16570156,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SuperValhalla,Not the 'Firefly' game you may have been looking for.
,Not Recommended,236150,24211822,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NineSky,Bugs like Crash to Desktop and Random Instadeath still exist.
76561197998949579,Not Recommended,236150,25800681,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,beermaker,"As I found, there are 2 ways to play this game:1)Goto C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Starpoint Gemini 2\Saves\autosave.txtOpen with Notepad or WordpadFind Credits:Insert any number you likedo the same with rank-------------------> buy the best ship, do the main mission trail, and uninstall it after 2 hours2)play it normally & bore yourself to death.Why?a) The is basically 1 mission in this game to do: go somewhere, destroy ship/scan anomaly/repair satellite, return.b) Trade is not exisent due to minimal cargo hold (oh..., there is 1 bigger transporter, good luck finding it!) and hardly any price difference, wherever you go.c) Combat is uniquely dull as you your primary stuff is fired automatically at random goals (ok, from time to time you get to press ""spacebar"" to launch a missile - enjoy!) and encounters are either slapped aside or way to strong. So either you smash, or get smashed. Endless fun, pls also see a)d) the ""news"" from ""other factions"" are useless as they do not interfere with you in any way and after a couple of missions basically the whole universe is your ally anywaye) there are some bugs that keep on annoy you (my faforite: the ""shields-back-up-forgotten-bug"" after leaving a station - handsome good fun)I tried for 30 hours, always hoping the game would start at some point - it didn't.I haven't cheated since ""Ghostbusters"" on C64 (Name: ""Enter""-key, PW: 458 -> 1 million bucks)This game made me.Thanks for that, LGM."
76561198061251358,Not Recommended,236150,21774586,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Steinawitz,UI needs great work especially using mouse and keyboard. You have to move the mouse around the screen clicking icons which adjusts your course. Very poorly thought out.Waste of money in my opinion.
76561197998772189,Not Recommended,236150,16038732,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,superdevice,"The game constantly crashes no matter what drivers, settings etc I have. Actually, this seems to be alpha being sold as a complete game."
76561198009093707,Not Recommended,236150,16039946,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CaveMan,"Starpoint Gemini 2 reminds me of a single player version of Eve Online. However, Starpoint Gemini 2 needs a lot of polishing and not being able to save whenever you want is not practical in the real world. Also, in Windows 10 the game crashes a lot which is super annoying! Starpoint Gemini 2 has so much potential! However, unfortuntely at this time I cannot recommend this game until these problems are addressed. :("
76561198106927474,Not Recommended,236150,16978159,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,eoghancampbell,Game keeps crashing
76561198007659973,Not Recommended,236150,22837772,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,andrewprofit,"Has a lot of potential but it crashes constantly on my msi with 970m nvidia graphics laptop, I wouldn't have purchased it had I known it would crash constantly an not even be able to load the offical addons either."
76561198082275563,Not Recommended,236150,14718905,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wildman-,too difficult...
,Not Recommended,236150,12267127,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Death_Squad,Boring story cant keep engaged in it. It pretty as hell tho
,Not Recommended,236150,9946254,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Kematore,"Starpont Gemini 2 needs a save game feature, such as setting the F5 key to save the game at any time. Without the ability to save the game, I won't recommend it."
76561198036868575,Not Recommended,236150,9968789,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Frederic,"I couldn't get the game to recognize my nvidia graphics in most modes, just unsupported message.  How do I get them to cancel the product, I find a lack of direct contact, phone number or direct email a bother.  Wish the developers luck, but right now I can't use it and won't pay for it.thanks."
76561197976614154,Not Recommended,236150,9976265,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,bbfloyd,"Just purchased, Vers 0.7xxx ; MEH, there is some fun here, but needs a ton of work before considered ""Beta"".[Backstory] My favorite space sims of all time are Independence War 2 and X2/X3R/X3TC/X3AP, and the not quite failed demo called Babylon 5: I Found Her, classic PC space sims with traditional first person play and classic joystick controls.I absolutely expect strafing controls and joystick support and such from a space sim. This barely has Freelancer style mouse control at this point in its development, and the Devs seem to be unsure about what control/flight model the ""finished"" game will actually be like from what little I have read in the forums. Also the flight direction visual presentation is very off, as your direction of travel is not the center of the screen, and the visual indicators, other than the streaming particles/debris used by pretty much every sim to show you your direction of travel, makes you want to steer as if the screen center was your direction of travel. Very Awkward.Very overpriced at this time ($25USD). Definitely worth keeping an eye on, it might be worth the price at some future date."
,Recommended,236150,25510612,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chronoflare Andedare,"After 27 hours of play, I can say this game is just ok."
,Not Recommended,236150,31131116,Posted: 14 April,all,Aking-Of-Worst,Can't believe they still try to charge 30€ for this.
,Not Recommended,236150,34062317,Posted: 6 August,all,Arkan01d,"WTH is this game? I only played for a short time but it did not warrant more. The cutsceens kept making the game go into windowed mode and they stuttered constantly. The game started and our protagonist was a jackass. They ask you to fly to a planet then non-stop tutorial windows pop up with text dumps that actually don't go into anything more than a broad overview. After 4 or 5 tutorial windows you're free to play the game... until you hover your mouse over anything then... MORE OF THE SAME TUTORIAL WINDOWS. WTF?!After you fly to the planet for a bit a pirate engages you. Your jackass protagonist makes a stupid comment on how he can finally get to kill someone. Once combat started I realized the game had dropped my engines to full stop... WTH?! I'm in combat, why did you cut my engines??!! So I re-engage engines and start shooting.There is no target reticle. Like, a leading point in the sky showing you where you should be shooting. It's a feature of space combat games since the early 90's. This game doesn't have it. So we approach each other, shooting where I figure I might hit the pirate. We pass and I fly around to get a shot from behind... but that never happens. I fly in circles for too long to admit. I tried full power, half power, quarter throttle... O...M...G... I had to cut the engines to finally make the pirate stop flying in circles around me so I could finally get a shot on them. 'facepalm'From my sitting duck position I start shooting at the pirate. Mind you, there is no target reticle; so I'm sort of shooting in the dark. I try shooting directly at the target. I try leading the target. I did get a critcle hit once, but I couldn't tell how much health the pirate still had. If it was part of the selection reticle then he had full health because nothing there ever moved. After about 30 sec I ran out of ammo; so I selected the an ability. It was a fireball, but it only refilled my machine gun for some reason (maybe it was in those text dumps from earlier, maybe not) but I only had a machine gun. I ran out of ammo again, hit the next ability, got more machine gun ammo, and continued firing.After I ran through all my abilities*scarcasm implied hereI decided that sitting in the middle of space, not moving, shooting a machine gun blindly at a target I can't see, but can only tell it's there because it's selected, with no information on how much damage it had taken, and a jackass protaganist who thinks he's thebomb.com. Yeah, that runon had no real structure or meaning. That's my impression of Starpoint Gemini 2"
76561198096397819,Not Recommended,236150,9994825,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,DedPuxto,"Not recomended! 2 BAD!This game crashes in 50% cases you dock the station, sometimes when you save the game + every 10 min if you're not docking (saving is available..after docking (!))...45 crashes was enaugh for me. Waste of time & your money!"
76561197992657349,Recommended,236150,23728067,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Curidon_7414,Great game love the open world/rpg aspect for the $ cant go rong 👍👍👍
76561198035383452,Not Recommended,236150,9939018,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,stormbreaker000079,"The idea of the game may be nice, but if it's crashing every about 15 minutes, and all progress since the last visit of a station is lost, then it very soon gets very annoying to continue to play."
,Not Recommended,236150,12278962,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,smikkelbeer1101,i bought the game and my specs were minimum so i should be able to run it at atleastt 30 fps on lowest setting's right?WELL GUESS WHAT ♥♥♥♥ NO
76561198138136040,Not Recommended,236150,12264565,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pasta,Crashes constantly and I don't usually crash in most games.far too buggy for official release. I wasted my money yet again. Unplayable.
76561197994233593,Not Recommended,236150,12265176,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,.:m3PH1sT0:.,"-Savegame is broken, won't load again-Very unstable, lots of game crashes"
,Not Recommended,236150,12256010,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,deidyomega,"I've played this game for the last 3 hours of so, and while the game itself seems fun enough, it crashes far too often. What makes matters worse, you can only save while at docks.  Once the game is more stable, or the author decides to allow to you save in space (or have a persent save), then I will reccomend this game"
76561197971371215,Not Recommended,236150,12258024,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hix,"I can't help but be a little dissapointed in this game. I really love the space sim génre and when I saw gameplay footage of Starport Gemini 2 in early access I was really excited as it looked a lot like Freelancer.But there it stayed in early access for aaaages, eventually I bought a copy and enjoyed the little it had to offer but now it finally has it's full release there is just so little in the way of 'finished product' here.Everything feels rushed, the space combat is a little clunky but holds up well enough however the interactions in the game aren't even as detailed as Freelancer, a game that was released back in 2003 has more fine detail than Starport Gemini 2?When you 'dock' at a station you press a button and 'pop', you are 'docked' with a static Azimov-style background and a menu, that's it. No animation, no ship descending from the clouds or going into a station, just a menu.The NPC dialogues are also static little windows in the corner of the screen, which is ok but for a game that has languished in Early access for so long I would have expected a little more in the way of 'polish'.As far as I can tell the graphics options still haven't all been implemented and some options are just greyed out.The campaign mode feels entirely tacked-on last minute and isn't engaging in the least. I know this last thing is going to sound silly but it really is something that breaks the immersion of a space sim and that's the lack of a cockpit-view, the 'X' franchise made this same mistake reducing the interface to little more than a huge pile of menus. This is 2014, this game 'should' be a lot better.Save your money for Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen, this game is just embarrasing."
76561198025285695,Not Recommended,236150,14549889,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,brufleth,Game consists of flying from waypoint to waypoint.  Leveling or upgrading doesn't feel like it matters.  Gets very boring very quickly.
76561197969403265,Recommended,236150,23869306,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SiliconSeraph,A fine game. Posting something positive to balance out the generally petty negatives.
,Recommended,236150,26541505,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,theo456789,"well, space exploration in a massive galaxy and runs on practically anything. JUST BBUY IT ALREADY."
76561197988914027,Not Recommended,236150,12297222,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DarthDiddler,MEH!!!
,Not Recommended,236150,14052224,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,markais,"Great potential, but rather incomplete.This game should not be released as a completed game yet. There are many aspects of the game that are not implemented. Enemies cannot board your ship, though you can purchase upgrades to defend against this. Fighters, bombers and inteceptors all act the same, and there are no enemy fighters. Some structures have hit points, but you can't actually do anything to them. Graphics occasionally glitch or break. Ship class balance doesn't exist. Mission-critical enemies can't be targeted with auto-fire and fighters won't attack. Raising and lowering reputation with various factions doesn't seem to have much impact on the game. The list goes on.That said, it's still quite fun for a while. Despite occasional (very rare) glitches, the graphics are beautiful. The soundtrack is relaxing, if a bit unvaried. Customizing a ship for long, mid or short range combat can be rather fun. The controls take a bit of getting used to, but work smoothly once you get the hang of them. The ability to capture enemy ships with the choice of keeping or selling them is always a plus in my book.As much as I wanted to love this game, though, it fell short. The story had some interesting points, but was short and overall dull. Side missions were worthless and repetitive, with very low rewards and only a handful of variants. The bad grammar in the text and horrible fake accents in the voice acting detracted from the otherwise just passable story. There's really no incentive to explore all that much; I did simply because I always do in games, but found it didn't provide anything of worth to do so.If the developers ever finish the game, it could be decent, perhaps even great. In its current state, it will get hopes up and then let you down with the disapointment of spending money and time on something that needs quite a bit more time in development. Here's to hoping I can switch to recommending this game in the future."
,Not Recommended,236150,18268859,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MotS,"Accept mission, hijack enemy ship, fly back, sell ship, get money, repeat.Doing just this is boring, but doing anything else is inefficient."
,Not Recommended,236150,24186013,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Psyadin,"Game has been out for almost 2 years and they havent even been able to make full screen/windowed work properly, save yourself some money or buy a game that actually works"
76561197997651668,Not Recommended,236150,22735378,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,alexnode,"Interface is atrocious, Just requested a refund, It's not playable on 1080p TV because the fonts are tiny the tutorials completely unreadable. Horrible design. Avoid"
76561198015214399,Not Recommended,236150,22920098,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,LkkLllkLl,Boring. Feels like half the game is missing.
76561197978546044,Not Recommended,236150,13617421,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TautWOLF,"Liked: the open world concept with upgrading your ship and explorationDisliked: grinding to level up to follow the storyline, plus your next ship was very expencive compared to what income you made doing random missions.overall compared to a movie ticket and the price of this game plus ive played 5 hours of this game where a movie is about 1.5 hours and find myself not getting really into playing this game non stop so i would not reccomend this game."
76561198098836493,Not Recommended,236150,22171605,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,MurderWookiee,Seems like it would be fun.  Wish it would run for longer than 20 minutes without crashing.
,Not Recommended,236150,28334089,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,J.SVM,"Extremely boring- sadly never recieved my refund for this as well. The mechanics are poor, and overall it is just a lifeless game."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,236150,16068502,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Scribbles,"Horribly optimized. It barely runs on a machine built for modern gaming. If you're ok with 10fps and frequent crashing go ahead and buy it, otherwise it's just unplayable.If you do get it to work there's basically very little to do. There's an incredibly bland and hackenyed campaign and a scant handful of carbon-copy missions. The space combat is simplistic compared to other similar games, as is trading. The galaxy seems lifeless. There are tons of factions but you never get to know them and they never really signify.There are far better games in this genre, some of which are even free to play. It appears that the devs sunk all of their time into building a new engine (for whatever reason) and not nearly enough on making a game."
,Not Recommended,236150,14045991,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ciphrr,It is not a bad game but ... my biggest issue with the game is that battles do not feel exciting. It ends up being you and the enemy ship just hanging in space trying to whittle down each others shields and then hull. No dodging or trying something different ... just hang there and click your mouse button.Pity!
76561197971118575,Not Recommended,236150,14078069,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wooj,The game is fun when it works but it crashes way too much. Fullscreen borederless window isn't an option. The game crashes every time I try to start streaming with OBS.
76561198106494807,Not Recommended,236150,14081743,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SaintSam,"It crashes, a lot."
,Not Recommended,236150,14694278,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,o0O ZerO O0o hellcase.com,"firstly, I hoped to find a game like freelancer and i decided to buy this one but it's too far from freelancer so if u wanna buy it for the same reason just dont cuz the game is not that good"
76561197971353375,Recommended,236150,35261143,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Not Recommended,236150,14536160,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,scramps,"I purchased this game under the impression that it was going to be an open world space simulation RPG (as tagged). To some extent, it does meet these criteria, but only just so. The presentation leads you to believe that there is a depth of customization to the gameplay, that you are let loose in a huge galaxy to your own devices and you will be able to mold the whole experience to your liking.Unfortunately, It doesn't really happen that way. The whole world is completely static, and feels lifeless. Therearefactions, LOTS of them (despite what a preliminary flight across the map would lead you to believe). Rather than having them interact with one another in any sort of dynamic and interesting way, however, it's just good guys and bad guys.Progression is totally linear. You grind the same 3 or 4 missions over and over again, level up, buy better equipment for your ship, rinse and repeat.After the first couple of hours, you will have experienced everything that the game has to offer. I trudged on, though, thinking that surely it can't possibly be that boring. I really hated the idea that I wouldn't even be able to get my money's worth out of a game like this. I wanted to believe that maybe the developers just aren't finished with it yet, and future updates will yield more interesting content.Wrong again.Today held the announcement of a new DLC, which of course costsMoremoney (the game is terribly overpriced to begin with). I was willing to give the developers a chance until I saw this. I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone, even if it were deeply discounted."
76561197984090815,Not Recommended,236150,12255225,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Platypus,"Not ready for release.  Alt-tab puts me the game in window mode with no way to escape it.  This is inconvenient as the game has a steep learning curve (I assume).  The manual doesn't provide adequate explanation.  I'm not sure what to say... I suspect there's a game here, and will make an effort to find it, but someone at this studio should have identified the problems here.  I saw a big celebratory picture, this thing is out of Beta, right?Voice acting and story is miserable.  Campaign should be left out as it's an embarassment."
76561198054521209,Not Recommended,236150,12249757,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Clark Culver,This game is BROKEN. I REALLY feel resentful and  robbed. I was expecting better playability than the beta...not WORSE. I can't play this......You will need a supercomputer to run it. Piece of... It worked better in beta.All you need to know.
76561198255420430,Not Recommended,236150,34184554,Posted: 11 August,all,Wickets,it can be fun at fierst but it get boring very quickley. i was hopping for it to be mor like freelancer
,Not Recommended,236150,12596135,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Liesmith,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I love space sims and up to a point, Starpoint Gemini seemed like a great game. Better starship fighting than the X series, the potential for becoming the admiral of a whole space fleet, exploring the galaxy, or building an elite-like mercantile empire all sound awesome.unfortunately the reality falls short. at most you can have two allied ships, plus a few fighters. The spaceflight is boring and the bigger ships just don't feel any different than the early freighters and fighters. There's no heft to a giant battlecruiser compared to the very first ship you get, they feel like the same size ship only with a few extra equipment slots on the top tier guy. all in all, the scale of this game is disappointing. Compare it to a game like Freespace, which came out over a decade ago, and it's pretty inexcusable.The trading is simplistic. i don't want a spreadsheet game like X3 but there's really no joy in going to a planet, buying all the green-hilighted cargo, then cruising around with it in your bays until you find a decent price. This is often poorly implemented in games and unfortunately starpoint gemini 2 is the same.the game I'd most compare it to is Freelancer, which was a decent to mediocre arcade spacefighter with pretty minimal trade. the story in this game is even worse than freelancer, though. At least Freelancer was funny. The combat is frankly worse, this game would benefit enormously from a little cursor leading your enemies telling you where to shoot if you want to hit them. the ship design is also worse.the place it really falls down is in the locations, though. There are no people to talk to, at all. and you don't even get missions from planets, tehy just appear on your map while you cruise around. planets are just there to buy stuff and repair your ship. Remember the really goofy ""We don't own this station, but we have an arrangement with the people who do"" barks that people on stations had in Freelancer? Well compared to this game that was Planescape Torment level dialogue. There are no real factions to have relationships with, just a good/evil slider with each faction having a set affinity for good or evil. pass 79 good guy points? Well the East Nobody Trader Guild now likes you instead of being neutral, because their threshold is 78. it doesn't matter if you've never encountered that trade guild, have blown up their ships in the past, have done missions for their enemies. all that matters is that you're generally decent.the voice acting is intolerably bad. that's really vanishingly low on my list of priorities, though. Voice acting is expensive and in a game like this doesn't add much. but still, it's really bad.Positive things:you can shoot spaceshipsyou can fly around in a spaceshipif you choose your portrait, there's a funny one of a fat guy with a cybereye. check him out:http://i.imgur.com/8jaXinq.pngseriously that fat cybereye guy owns. I'm taking that portrait and putting it into other games"
,Not Recommended,236150,12815926,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kythia,"Freelancer with good graphics, an Excel-UI and without any soul to be found."
,Not Recommended,236150,11328491,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Gamboh,"- You cannot purchase, create, take over or destroy stations.- You cannot have more than one ship under your control at a time.- You start the game with a totally broken, overpowered railgun.This game is in SERIOUS beta. Do not buy it if you don't want to be a tester."
,Not Recommended,236150,12795558,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kemal Bomber,Meh.Arcadey space sim with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization and documentation.
76561198007908229,Not Recommended,236150,12523014,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,spaceweed10™,"A poorly implemented addition to the 4x universe of games.An enormous amount of bugs, a game engine that is badly unoptimised, and numerous game breaking issues with the campaign mode that means you can't finish the story.I am an avid 4x fan, and this game is sitting in my virtual dustbin along with similar rubbish such as 'X-Rebirth'.  It was a nightmare revisited, and I urge anyone interested in adding this game to their collections to take the rabid fanboyism on the game's forum very seriously.3/10"
76561197977919230,Not Recommended,236150,12267910,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,noahsam,"I spent the first hour of gameplay in starpoint Gemini 2 slowly moving from one non-event waypoint to another, with only a single stationary pirate ship to shoot at once in the entire timeframe. I know its the beginning of the game, but this is utterly ridiculous. When I had to quit the game, I then discovered that I cannot save unless anchored on a planet! This would mean another half hour going BACKWARD, away from my mission waypoint, just so I can save the utterly uneventful two hours I had already wasted.My game-time is precious to me... wasting it like this game does is a travesty. It's already stolen my money, but it won't steal any more of my time.Unless you enjoy OUTER SPACE DRUDGERY, I strongly suggest you move on."
,Recommended,236150,26617380,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kanki,Becarefull this game is really addictive and make you forget your misery
76561198040773944,Not Recommended,236150,25981357,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Death Bunny,"this game doesn't deserve a review... honestly it doesn't... especially with the three DLCs and the latest version... I haven't come across a game that crashes and causes the steam client to also crash at the same time!  if you like a game that crashes your reasonably recent gaming system (with decent hardware) on the *lowest* custom setting (with everything set to low or off), then here's a game for you... version 1.9300 & all 3 DLCs cause a lot of crashes that the devs have not forseen..."
76561198026527926,Not Recommended,236150,12286142,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,spam,"Going against the tide here, I think the game is uninspiring.Pros: Good graphics, works pretty well; reminiscent of Freelancer.  Has some voice acting.Cons: *Instructions are really bad with lots of cirtical details missing. Orgainization of UI is a bit of a mess, looks like they just tacked stuff on as they added to the game but never went back to look at how it was organzized.  Gameplay is bland, nothing new.   So far, missions seem to be of three basic types: delivery boy, kill stuff, and follow waypoints (didn't see any trade based missions yet).*Yes I read the 'tutorial' which is really a listing of the UI elements and misses a lot of key details.  Most of my questions were answered via google, but googling how to do basic things is not what I expect from a finished game."
76561198012446779,Not Recommended,236150,12456836,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,casey,"What were the developers thinking?You get two choices before the game starts: Freelance and Campaign.The game clearly says you can choose to do the campaign and then roam around the galaxy doing whatever you want and restart the campaign again when you feel like it.If you choose Freelance, that's what you're stuck with.  You cant start the campaign from inside a freelance game.  Ok, no problem with that.I chose to do campaign and then jump into freelance, 5 minutes into the campaign you get the choice to continue it or go freelance.  Now any normal person would assume that this was a choice INSIDE the campaign mode.Nope, it kicks you out to freelance mode so you spend two days having fun flying around, decide it's time to continue with the main story and find it's not there.You think it must be ANOTHER bug (Alpha release? Really guys?) so do some googling only to find out for the Devs know about it and seem to consider it a feature.  I like this game but I want my two days back.I'm going to reach into the future and recommend this game to future readers of this comment, I think it's going to be something great.  For right now though save your money."
,Not Recommended,236150,12460834,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jian Kui,"Another buggy and incomplete title. Issues I'm currently experiencing:- Terrible voice acting- Difficulty resets every time game is restarted- No focus fire for FaWGot some promise as a budget remake of Freelancer, but needs some more patching before I can recommend it."
76561198016258629,Not Recommended,236150,12467387,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,migmon,did you play freelancer 10 years ago? this is the same game. Its boring
76561198001863003,Not Recommended,236150,13613323,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Slamdance Kozmopolis,"I really want to like this game, but without full joystick support it just isn't playable for me. I have a Logitech extreme 3d pro--very old, very common joystick and I've been using it FOR YEARS to play games like X3: Reunion. etc.... I know a lot of people are fine with keyboard/mouse control, and if that’s you, you’ll probably love this game.  But for me, space games MUST be played with a joystick--anything else is just emersion breaking and VERY FRUSTRATING and I don’t play games to be frustrated.I’m sure this is a good game, but lack of joystick support is a deal breaker for me, and if I’d known about this issue before, I would not have purchased the game… So, I guess I’ll put it on the shelf for now.In short, if joystick support is important to you, avoid this game, for now."
,Not Recommended,236150,17459579,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,hachre,Nope
76561198046819821,Not Recommended,236150,19688226,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,grendal252988,"Total bore.  Buy Rebel Galaxy instead, better in every aspect."
76561198079877201,Not Recommended,236150,15312205,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,bwleon7,
,Not Recommended,236150,14105723,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,GadgeT 53,"Still too many bugs to be considered a full release. Also there is no real 'story' you pretty much just aimlessly fly around space killing and capturing enemy ships with no real direction or mission. The missions that are there are no more deep than 'kill this' or 'fly here'. This game could be awesome, but gets so close and then falls flat. There is also a really lack of sound effects other than the same repitious laser blast sound 1000 times."
76561197988226865,Not Recommended,236150,14160282,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Brutorthegreat,"They spent more time making this game look good than fun and enjoyable. This is garbage wraped with a nice intro video. Lack of ships, weapon variations, usable interface ect.... Buy star wolves or spaz instead if you want to command a fleet."
,Not Recommended,236150,22731354,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,GreatUncleanOne,Completely opaque garbage.
,Not Recommended,236150,12272715,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Davien,"things can get pretty grindy on this game... fastest way to get a new ship (which is pretty much the ultimate goal) is to use cheats (editing a notepad file). The game dies in fun factor after which... - mission's difficulty isn't on par with your current ship, need to grind to get there.avoid this game unlesss you really love piloting a spaceship (not my thing tho)... prepare to spend tons of hours... it can really kill time. Game is pretty solid if you're that type of person into such games.TLDR version - game is not for me.. but it could be for you. More things to come in future as devs are still actively working on it."
76561197970968073,Not Recommended,236150,12255835,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Roboman,"I played this game in the pre-release and it wasn't a complete game but that's okay, I knew I was buying a pre-release. Now they are selling it as a finished product and it's still not complete. Well, as it is, I can't recommend this. I provided feedback in their forum before the release about the things that need to be fixed in the game and now they released the game because they completed the campaign. The game should not have been released in it's present state and it's pretty unethical for it to happen. Maybe it was over budget and they had some director telling them they have to release the game.So, please don't buy and allow software companys to keep selling us games that are 60% of the way through their developement cycle. I've done my part and given you the heads up."
76561198151622292,Not Recommended,236150,22184748,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Terminus,"So once again I have to repost a bad review for this game.  I have said in two previous posts that I feel this game is not ready to be out of early access, let alone into expansions, but thier community dev keeps pandering to the rest of you and twisting my words to keep the sales up. This is the facts. During the campaign I became stuck in a loop that ruined my game. I was very angry that such a minor thing as an auto-save and going through a gate in the campaign ended my game. To me it is a sign of a lack of testing to come across that. So I post that and I get contradicted about it not being finished as well as told that I should of come to their forums and asked the community for help by their community dev. I bought the game to play it, not to spend hours on troubleshooting to continue playing. It is all fine and well to say but anyone that has ever posted on a forums knows that it takes time. Plus sometimes there isn't an easy answer to be found on how to save a game in this situation. Auto saves are nice until what happened to me happens. That is why testing is so crucial at these points if you are not including the option for a manual save.In the second post I say this again and I was a little harsher because it is a total cop-out to say you should of went to forums over a glitch that should of never made it out of testing in what is supposedly a finished game. Then of course the pandering commmunity dev of this game replies and in the first line of the reply I get the ridicoulousness of them saying they didn't see why I felt the need to repost. I feel the need to repost because I want to make you have to work at trying to circumvent all the bad reviews with what I would call highly panderous spin. For those of you who are not the dev that will inevitably post on my review, I highly encourage you to look through the bad reviews and you will see the pattern here with them too. They don't really address concerns, They just deny the allegations and then they throw it back on to the reviewer like it is their fault in some way. I swear this dev wants to be a politician with how good they are at manipulting opinions in their favor. It fooled me at first and I want to warn the rest of you of the reality of their attentiveness. It's all an illusion because they know that once you buy the game, then the odds are you will go over your time for a refund or buy their expansions since you had so little actual content in the base game. There is a reason the expansions are cheap and that is because they are what should of been in the original game in the first place.To me this game is not worth the normal price they are asking for it in any way. It is a absolutely a money grab becaue it does use the expansion model with a bare bones base game. The auto-save loop♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but the expansions I keep seeing♥♥♥♥♥♥me off even more. In the devs last rebuttal they even had the nerve to say that their first expasnion was the biggest free expasnion ever to hit Steam to make themselves look better against my critcism. That is pretty much an outright lie and honestly I want to see the proof that your Origins expansion added more content than any other game on here. From what I read about it and gathered from that, it seemed to me that it was just an overlay of the base game with a different campaign. That sounds really massive... I tell you. So, before you choose to down vote me because a dev pretended they cared, I ask you to look through the bad reviews for yourself to see what I am talking about and make your own desicion on what I am saying here. Thanks."
76561198026791189,Not Recommended,236150,12615233,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Fraller S,"The content of the game is pretty good, I like the fact that you can do freelancing between the campaigns. The graphic is nice. We haven't had a space game as good as this one for a long time, well beside the fact that it cashes constantly. Even with often updates, it still crashes all the time. I've played 14 hours so far, and the game crashed randomly 4-6 times pr. hour, which makes it unbearable to play. If I could, I would get a refund. Again, the game is great if it was playable."
76561198014843363,Not Recommended,236150,12683724,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,secondim,"The Viuals seem nice but thats all that is.The UI is boring and complicated. Equipping and selling/buying.. taking quests and so on..it all feels shallow and uninspired.I usually love this kind of game but I only played this a few hours and felt no addiction, nothing. no connection. Its just not sexy.They can keep my money, hopefully the next part is better."
,Not Recommended,236150,12136258,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,PoopyDickens,"A typical example of early access trash. There's a great game here, in about 1-2 years when it's actually finished. Anyone paying money for this in its current state is being swindled."
76561198023636562,Not Recommended,236150,22214741,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jman,Horrible gaming experience.  When did all these game developers decide to take all the fun out of gaming?  So many awful games created lately.
76561197970812613,Not Recommended,236150,14268924,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Brain [HUN],This game has a very bad tutorial. It just throws you into the middle of the game without any explanation. Yes there are a bunch of annoying popups which dump on you way too much information at once. The whole game is more annoying than fun. I wouldn't recommend it.
76561197990433307,Not Recommended,236150,15845474,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Xoriat,"This game is incredibly boring, slow and tedious. No interaction, no immersion and very generic."
,Not Recommended,236150,12855429,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ceown,"Better than the first in terms of UI, controls, and enviroment, but still pretty bad.It asks for keyboard\mouse or joystick\gamepad.Select the latter and the keyboard\mouse go totally non responcive in game.Select joystick\gamepad while both are plugged in? Defaults to gamepad with no way to change it short of quitting the game and unplugging the gamepad.Joystick? Recognizes the stick but not the throttle.Gamepad is alright. Nothing to write home about."
76561197977314644,Not Recommended,236150,14102369,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Puppet #7,I was looking for something to fill the gap left by the terrible recent X series releases and finally move on from X3-Couldn't do it- the voice acting is so bad I couldn't stomach it. There may be a decent game behind those irritating talking heads but I'm not the one to sit thru it to find out.
76561198087879303,Not Recommended,236150,13963209,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CW3 Stew,Well thought anything like Freelancer would be awesome and this game has the potential for sure other than the random crashes and terribad graphics glitches. fair gameplay sorta like star trek online but to glitchy for me.
,Not Recommended,236150,15859416,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Just' Alex,"Terrible, the in-game tutorial is completely dismissive and vague, I only managed to figure out how to move by pressing every key on my keyboard, the keys are random and have no relative pattern. The combat system is horrible, your shots can go anywhere, you can hardly see your target and they basically just do loop-the-loops around you whilst shooting you. This was just in the tutorial, never waste your money on this game, i don't know why i even did. Terrible."
,Not Recommended,236150,14094406,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,kelmenwong,an un-finisihed productspace immersion is lackingthe only gameplay driving force:- farm-$-to-get-bigger ship
,Not Recommended,236150,21913636,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,vampirecosmonaut,"You cannot use any other device, keyboard or mouse, after you have chosen the gamepad. The game asks you what control method you prefer to use and what DLC you wish to use ON EVERY LAUNCH. It's not a quick menu to click through either. It's a pretty game, but not pretty enough to merit struggling with the controls. I have a steam controller as well and it works fairly well with that peripheral as a compromise."
76561197968810837,Not Recommended,236150,14078149,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Reese's Penises,"Started out strong, but falls on its face.At first I was taken in by the graphics and combat.  But hours into the game I was bored by the repetiveness.At a few points in the story I was simply too weak to continue, so I had to grind money to get the next better ship.  To do this you can trade/mine/missions/capture ships.  Sounds cool right? Not really.  Mining is terribly boring, if you mined in Eve Online you will hate this very badly.Missions pay out wayyyy too little money, and 50% of the missions are beyond your level and you'll get owned.Trading is completely pointless due to the limited cargo space of all ships in your current price range.  Trading doesn't make any sense at all until you drop 25m on a freightliner...but at that point that's the most expensive ship in the game...so wtf would you need any more money for?Capturing ships is the most lucrative by far.  BUT...friendly ships will make this extremely frustrating to complete successully.So you wind up finding a friendly base that is close to an enemy base.  So you can easily run back and forth capturing ships.  You'll do this over and over and over and over again throughout the game to progress, because there's no other way to make money.  And since capturing ships is basically hit or miss, it becomes a headache and chore.I made enough money to buy a ship with 250 cargo, but found that mining only made about $70k a run.  But instead I can try and find a Corvette and attempt to capture it for ~$500k.  So the gamble is to try the ship capture.  Sure, by the time I am done capturing a ship I could've made almost that amount with mining, but you would be so bored.The story isn't engaging, and the voice acting is so terrible, I'm wondering if they just made random office workers do the lines.  I WISH there was a way to skip dialogue because I can read faster than the terrible voice acting.I bought it on sale, and I guess I got my moneys worth.  I can't really complain about the random crashes I got.  They were so random, it could just be my specific computer configuration.  But be warned that you may experience random crashes, turning down some of the eye candy seemed to help for me."
76561198054174071,Not Recommended,236150,22204620,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,HALAL-TABOULI,game sucks.
76561198063211496,Not Recommended,236150,29190870,Posted: 11 January,all,g0rl,Very mediocre and repetative slow gameplay. Concept is great but poorly executed. Not to mention the really crap story
76561198017795552,Not Recommended,236150,10174189,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jhoffa232,"Underdeveloped, Shallow, poor AI, not enough player information, no system for awarding medals and decorations, no crew exp system, no joystick support,  each mission feels just like the last, no player owned stations.... Imagine X3 without any of the good elements."
,Not Recommended,236150,11842625,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kalamazoo,"Buy Elite: Dangerous instead. Thats a better game, lightyears better."
76561198036811784,Not Recommended,236150,10242423,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,3boysdad,incomprehensible.
,Not Recommended,236150,10818024,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,😻,would love the game if it didnt crash ALL THE TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198004776342,Not Recommended,236150,15813604,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,tampanensis,"you loved freelancer , you loved elite. you are a fan of x games . well continue on x games. i bought this game and finished the campaing. well it feels like eating a hambuger when you have a craving for a well deserved meal. campaing is kind of short. main map is static. so you dont see the sectors are changing hand between different fractions. there is no ai for your otherships.i am not talking about buying a space station. simply its not a X game. if you want something quick as fast food this is your game. But if you want something well done with depth go buy a X game."
76561198010090170,Not Recommended,236150,18966303,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Antiks,"UI is not very good, very clunky. Ships feel very slow, the boost mode helps a bit but i feel like i'm getting nowhere fast and there is a lot  of monotonous flying. The game doesn't feel like it has the right formula to keep things interesting. Returned before my 2 hours played."
76561197986417515,Not Recommended,236150,18972821,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tyräel,"I wanted to write up first impressions. Well that won't work with this.It seems this is a rather popular, but with a certain crowd.All new for me and i hopre for the best. (to be honest, -75% was the reason to buy this)For anyone absolutely new for this or something like this, it is too confusing and nothing makes sense.So yea, i hope this'll be a fun one eventually.Thinking about the mass of steam, this one is a risk. some probably love it, but a huge population would not probably be enticed beyond the first play.  A Niche."
,Not Recommended,236150,18966719,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,d10sfan,Story and voice-acting are fairly un-interesting. Gameplay and combat has little weight to it (very few visual effects or impact).
76561198013568457,Not Recommended,236150,22222002,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,rbinouzz,Useless
76561198042295474,Not Recommended,236150,23073831,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dirty Meat,"It feels like an empty shell, That thing they call a story is insulting to any game enthusiast, the game performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the visuals are half arsed and the lack of content leaves you asking what the point of this game is.Not worth a purchase at any price."
76561198020520138,Not Recommended,236150,12572581,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Yopo,Kinda boring.
76561198014656403,Not Recommended,236150,17982776,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,deadlift,"got your titlepaid my money - ultimately unimpressed and feel quite ripped off.go here, do that, cut, copy, review, repeat.hope on some level the devs feel bad.true story."
,Not Recommended,236150,12570969,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,backyardmethlab,"Softly, Jim! This game is a cheaper imitation of the good old days, those who will never come back. Hey, Jim, gently, I said. In any case, it's about space pirates and sooo much I was not paying attention. I'm sorry, I failed, I'm a bad journalist. GENTLY, Jim! Want you ruin the kneecaps? Simply swing.No recommendation, hard."
76561198028186996,Not Recommended,236150,7978273,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MAD2169,So far I find this game to be lacking and space to be very empty. I should've been more prudent having purchased Starpoint Gemini 1 and how horrible that game was. I can only hope that they actually give a damn this time around and make a better game than the first one. Not holding my breath though....Even after about four patches this game is still quite lacking and still has bugs. This game is no where near ready to go live in Q1 or Q2 for that matter as they have said is their target date. Hold off or look for something far better for your Space Game fix. Be forwarned.
76561198014147932,Not Recommended,236150,9667483,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ragenz,"looks good , looks really inviteing ... until you get into it and find out .......auto pilot has killed me 3x ... it literaly steared me straight at an f'n planet  .... trying to turn in combat is er akward i have played brower games with better stearing mechanics , beauiful but akward when you sit there flying in circles able to be out flanked by everything includeing asteroids when you are in a fighter, partly awsome skills ....but grinding ... mineing after 3 hours no leveling up just annoys me there is no sene of progress in this, i have played games where you can get 40+ dings in 3 hours, credits are earned at at extreamly low rate while everything is exspensive. Probly not exspensive for someone who plays alot of game time it discourages a weekend gamer.I tried to enjoy this game , i really did ... i soo want a game where i can do stuff like eve but offline and this game ""looks"" like it but its not . Recommend it? nope ... i probly will in 6 months after a few updates and tweaks.(edited)Tried for a few hours more , because i really wanted to find it enjoyable , i did not .. permadeath?... fine ... sux♥♥♥♥♥but fine . being chased by a frigate that literly chased me to a station and 1 hit me when i tried to jump out and run run away in what i would consider a level 1 zone... sux♥♥♥♥♥,  in 10 hours i have died 10+ times each time i have had to reload the whole game just to find all my missions had been whiped and i have to find them again just to get 50 - 100 exps per mission when a level up costs 2000 exps. Each mission should be dropping 4x that even if its only at the start and peaks at a certain level and evens out  .. only managed to actualy kill 1 thing in 10 hours ... and even then i had to stop dead still spend 5 minutes waiting to turn around literly holding the ♥♥♥♥en key screaming ♥♥♥♥en turn you moronic game wtf ♥♥♥♥ are you doing and just about punchng my screen ... all while the ai ship wailed on me with miraculouse 360 degree fire all the time if it had not been for a computer ai rescueing me i would have died again this♥♥♥♥♥♥is not fun at least eve made it fun even dieing. Lastly  , in 2 years i have never had a steam game crash my system to the extent this has and if it wasnt for the fact I except its still a work in progress i brought into it willingly I would be much more hateful.Suggestions. Dev team look at price progressions in eve compear them to this and change them.look at other games like war thunder , bsgo , eve, or diaspora this will help you get a clue all of them are free on trial and you wont need to play each more then 2 mins to see the difference on how a ""fighter"" class is spose to handle this BS fighter turns slower then a jormug / joturn with 2 rcs ducts and avoids far far less then one too , these dumbass fighters turn at about the same speed a basestar turns and an eve hyperion could out turn these things.. Cooldowns are far too high, there is no prediction cross hair so it makes a 5 second guessing game at where the ai is goin to be , 1 death i suffered the ai litertly was 77 mts in front of me flying in such a tight circle it was stupid and i couldnt hit him and neither could an ai that spawned to help me he shot randomly 50 meters to his left and was closer to shooting me then him. lasers the only weapon that can gurantee hits do so little damage you run out of energy before you even burn 1 /10th their shields and then the level 2 ai simply regens it before you can fire again.So no dont pick this game up for another 6 months unless yuo like to get angry , if you like being angry then go ahead . If this is beta ... i pity the alpha players god i really do."
76561198103785587,Not Recommended,236150,15832941,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The Odd Nick,"Just bought it and right from the get go thing don't work, can't adjust any settings, certain controller buttons don't work as they say they should (the controller works fine with my other games), even the mouse refuses to work. It let me choose the option for controller and mouse controls or mouse and keyboard... This game isn't even worth buying on sale... I wonder if there is a way to get my money back..."
,Not Recommended,236150,9913933,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Loldielol,"... Well I would play the game, but every time I open it, it crashes, and relaunches, keeps crashing no matter what, maybe compatibility issue, idk.."
76561198106463356,Not Recommended,236150,9447256,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,nts.santas,"Actually it looks very cool but the only thing that bugs me right now is that it crashes all the time. And if you are fighting some enemies and havent visited a station for auto-save you lose all the progress you made: discovering new systems , losing exp - levels - money - cargo. If that is fixed then yeah it'd be very awesome. Otherwise you are wasting time and any progress you have made and this can be very annoying and frustrating.Edit: Now that it is Beta version it lags so much that i actually cannot play. I was waiting a whole hour and i just managed to kill two enemies and thats all. It still crashes but the lag is sooo much more than what it was originally. I d still not recommend it at all. Even lineage crashes a lot less and u can enjoy AWESOME fights. Just think about it. This game needs to be revamped on a C++ level otherwise it is  a major failure."
,Not Recommended,236150,9578451,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Childish Dreams,"So many positive reviews I decided to give this game a shot!I am very unimpressed with the design, the gameplay, the gui, everything just turned me off. Now I have played EVE so maybe that has completely tained my feelings here. I wanted to like this game but after an hour I can say its not what I expected nor it is what I would call fun and I really wanted an open sandbox free form space game.This, is not it for me."
76561198172271830,Recommended,236150,31877977,Posted: 21 May,all,Svemirko,Very good game. I recommend this game for all those who love space sim.
76561197979773461,Not Recommended,236150,25352431,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hampster,it stinks
,Not Recommended,236150,9629482,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Nostromo6467,This was not the game I was looking for...
76561198056240193,Not Recommended,236150,9556339,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Larry,They are still a long way away from having an average space game.  Value < $4.99
76561198121175566,Not Recommended,236150,9578411,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Wodin,"So far I have noticed that the game seems to lack a lot of focus from the Dev's on what they can do and should be doing.  The game is not ready for beta.  Many of the posts I've read online seem to indicate that fan service is encourged but ultimately ignored based on time.   The fans want to be able to see a ship from the inside,  interact with characters talk to crew.  And they want to be able to have zoomed locked targeting.  This seems like it has been ignored by the Devs.  Or brushed off.The game is not ready for Beta.  It needs a major overhaul and tweeking.   It's so void of life and creativity and they will be utterly crushed by Star Citizin.   The price of the ""Beta"" is a little to high for the content.Mostly it needs character interaction.  Plot.  More ship customization in the look and feel department.  A complete overhaul of the weapons tracking and target locking.   Greater interaction in the ecomonmy.   Faster progression of ships.  And Direction overall.The game strongly lacks direction.   Where are we suppose to go?  What am I doing out here in space.  What is my motivation?   Why do I have a crew I can't interact with in any way shape or form.Why are the controlls so akward and why is there no target lock?  Orcarina of time on the 64 had a target lock.Your crew should be able to have it's own AI and controll your ship for you why make tacticle desicions.I also think you should be able to hire up to 5 to 10 ships for space battles.There needs to be much much larger space ships.  And a greater degree of size respentation.Animation docking and un docking from ports, stations,  planets ect.I honestly don't see this game going anywhere if they don't fix theese glaring errors.  And actually listen to the fans rather then brushing them off.  In a polite way.Your game is not ready for beta.There needs to be an actual tacticle overlay.    So you can command fighters and your fleet.   There also needs to be changes in how you board  and loot ships.The economy seems terrible and needs serrious tweeking.   And for the love of GOD add co-op even split screen.Good notes about the game.    The ships are pretty.   Little else is actually worth the money I paid for.   Startrek online sucks and it's free to play and it offers way more then this game has.Scrap your beta and go back to alpha and rethink the whole dam thing.   CHARACTER INTERACTION ON A BRIDGE DON""T IGNORE THE FANS HOLY CRAP.   It's to much work?  Dude you will fail horribly in sails if you don't add a bridge to your ships.   Are you dumb?  You're going to get smashed by star citizen.Other players mention that you should be able to control fighters.    I think drones and fighters fleets and any point where you can actually feel immersed would be wonderful.    Once again DON'T BE LAZY .   your sails and reputation will directly be impacted by you being lazy and not adding an interactive bridge to your ship.   SO WHAT IF IT TAKES LONGER!..So far your asking for  about 30$ for the game  at a discount.   The game would not be worth anymore then that when it's finished.  You Will fail if you don't change your fomula.  You're going end up Elder Scrolls Online."
76561198022297171,Not Recommended,236150,9916269,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,SRacerWV,"game crashes at load screen....not a good startupdate: I followed the steam procedure in repairing troublesome games and had it scan the game files for their integrity...sure enough, 11 files were corrupted. problem fixed. im now enjoying the hell out of this game. very much reminds me of GoF2 HD"
76561198012189310,Not Recommended,236150,7947117,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,margineanualexandruadrian,game crashes loading autosave.ship roll and pitch .no save exept landig.missions low reward compared with weapons prices.ex to pay monthly salary for the cheapest engineer you need to complete 5 misions.matching speed with target no effect.fire at will no effect.
,Not Recommended,236150,8419417,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Scoots!,i like this game then i hate this game! when fighting other ships i feel over whelmed do to the fact most of the time there to many to fight and the fAct the other ships are constanly shooting and my engery bar is just empty i even try to manage my energy but like i said most of the time the fight starts of 1 vs 1 or 2 sometimes fighting 3 but for the most part ships come outta no where and now it's 6 vs 1. NOT FUN OOO and it would be nice if you explain how to actully take over other ships i have grappled and sent people on to the other ship but everytime its me just flying in a loop going what am i doing wrong.
76561198036951902,Not Recommended,236150,8721878,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,RTLance,"During the first 10 hours played numerous freezes and lengthy reloads were encountered. The missions for ""assasination"" were actually the player getting assinated versus the enemy. Ferry missions were lacking a destination to take the cargo or VIP to many times.  Don't waste your money on this frustrating, slow loading, and horribly performing game!!!"
76561197972636156,Not Recommended,236150,12258811,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kieme(ITA),"A lot of crashes in this release version, I can't play for more than few minutes. Not recommended until patched properly."
76561198031913501,Not Recommended,236150,8022866,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,kenfin,"this game is really not worth it, it took me only 8 hours to really max out my ship and cant do any thing else but kill for no point its kinda lame. over all it was cool to the point of thers nothing to do. 4.7/1.0"
,Not Recommended,236150,22229406,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dutch Master,.
76561198006221902,Not Recommended,236150,8319867,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jverduin,Game is far too hard at the start.  It really discourages new users from playing
,Not Recommended,236150,8457565,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dragmire,Sadly I can't reccomend this. Read the reveiws for Starpoint Gemini 1 if you want to know the details. Clunky sums this game up in every aspect.
,Not Recommended,236150,8190509,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Svenski,My first impression left me with little interest in coming back to this game.  I went back to X3 instead.[EDIT] This is only applicable to the early Alpha version.
76561197995493327,Not Recommended,236150,31235910,Posted: 19 April,all,The Prodigy_|BC|,"The first game was awesome! Loved just about every part of it. So it was a no-brainer that I would get the sequel. Unforunately, the developers were dreaming big and ended up creating complete trash. Honestly, they would have been better off just expanding the first game. Part of me is still hoping this game dies a swift death so that the developers can just go back to the first game and add some expansions to it. :-(I would actually pay money to pretend that this game was never made..."
,Not Recommended,236150,25655783,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,qurrY™,"""woohoo, a Freelancer remake!""I quickly found out, that this game is just boring. Really boring."
76561198035900780,Not Recommended,236150,8803647,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,arthurdayne,"Too many bugs at present time and not very fun. Not a living universe and very sterile, no escort missions where you fly with a ship or a small fleet in space for example. People seem so desperate for a space RPG they are purposely giving thumbs up for this boring piece of junk.It is not a fun game. It is full of long empty parts of space you sail through without any events or traffic at all, nothing happening to remind you that you are part of a inhabited universe. There is no story or any meaningful context to the planets, races or stations that are scattered like breadcrumbs on a football field of space (as in there's lots of empty space between these right click places) and the trading is very lifeless and bland, just buy, scroll through text real quick and sell. The amount of time you spend playing this boring game could be spent playing something actually fun or learning how to repair a firearm, learn accounting and taxation laws, polish steel and shoes, and I promise you'll find those activities more fun than this game."
76561198029978808,Not Recommended,236150,8900339,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,tachyio,Very boring...
,Not Recommended,236150,23140524,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,apophis13,"Total Score:  31, C- (Flying Garbage!)Graphics and Art:  3Sound and Music:  2Story and Plot:  5Controls:  2Creativity and Uniqueness:  1Mood and Immersion:  2Length, Content, and Replayability:  2Functionality:  9Character Choice and Customization:  3Challenge:  2In space, noone can hear you get ripped off!  How often do I write reviews on a game that just failed as a game or was not professionally done?  Not often.  I purposefully avoid such games, and I typically know what to look for.  I prefer finished, professional, high-quality games, and that's what I go for.  Furthermore, I incorrectly thought that was what this was, and that I just hadn't heard about it because it was one of those undiscovered wonders.  I was incorrect. And, games that mark themselves appropriately as Indy (some dude in his basement writing a game for fun) or Early Access (some dude in his basement writing a game for fun but he's not sure if he wants to finish it)...such games should be spared criticism.  They let you know it's kind of a yard sale game (I did this painting of Elvis myself), so honestly, how can you complain, as funny as some video reviews are.  Well, this game doesn't do that, and I bought it, not smelling the rat.  I think that, in this situation, I was just too greedy for a Space Sim - there are so few good ones.  Well, I don't get got often, but here is a time I got got.  I have heard some people say that this is a faithful modern reproduction of Freelancer.  I can only assume that such individuals never played FreeLancer (or never played it properly - there are appearantly some sick, sad souls that played it third person), which was the first giant, beautifully made, open world space sim.  This is certainly not that.  And, I don't know what to say other than there isn't much here.  It's a third person ship, with limited upgrade options.  I thought that maybe this was a space capital ship sim, a la Eve (but with less blatant masochism), but it isn't that either.  It's a shooter of some kind...a really bad one.  They don't even bother to create the simple launch and land animations that Freelancer did 14 years ago.  All of your armaments look the same...balls of light that make you feel like it's 1986, and there's not much variety in ships or armaments...which is the easy part of typing numbers into databases, especially when they aren't animated separately.  Well, anyways, it's a waste of time to go over every detail, but this is clearly a not-so-professional indy space game.  As long as you know what you're getting, all is well."
76561197981003097,Not Recommended,236150,9228696,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Storn9,"Items, upgrades and ships to expensive pay to low."
,Not Recommended,236150,22167542,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BaronFeyd,didnt take me long to realize Elite Dangerous is better and more fun.
,Recommended,236150,31563868,Posted: 5 May,all,Sathya Whity (Tamil),Its nice just like any other Space game !!
,Recommended,236150,31905224,Posted: 22 May,all,Capt Charles C Payne,Brilliant game.
,Not Recommended,236150,29365686,Posted: 19 January,all,Cobalt Blues,God aweful ship controls. Feels so unnatural compared to any other space game. Couldn't even handle 30 minutes of it.
76561198038260174,Not Recommended,236150,9244872,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Seshayn,no.
76561197992335763,Not Recommended,236150,14506474,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Qball,This game is so full of bugs it's unplayable. You will get a crash. You will get random screens that you can't close. Might be a scam of a game to be honest. 1/10 Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,236150,24263414,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,fuck nazis,played like half an hour... i want my money back lol
,Not Recommended,236150,23691918,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Renesco,"I've had this game quite a while, and made about 10 attempts over the last year to get it to run smoothly, but it never has. I've a relatively high end PC and this game runs like unoptimised rubbish. It's also got painful voice acting and sound effects. The devs are nice and tried to help me but that doesn't excuse the state of the game.Get Rebel Galaxy or Freelancer instead, they're both far FAR better games."
76561197970660210,Not Recommended,236150,30588320,Posted: 18 March,all,Biffidus,"This game is terrible. The controls are terrible. The voice acting is terrible. The gameplay is terrible. Grindy, boring and terrible. Did I mention it is terrible?"
,Recommended,236150,31592013,Posted: 6 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,Excellent space simPros:Plenty of shipslots of ways to playCons:can't think of anyOVERALL:7/10
76561197994425308,Not Recommended,236150,31251679,Posted: 20 April,all,sundri,Is poorly made and way to much hype. not wrth the 6 bucks
,Not Recommended,236150,14538677,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Toxicwire,[insert negative comments].
,Not Recommended,236150,14445795,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Traficadeiro de Smilhas,"DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME"""
76561197970374865,Not Recommended,236150,35304290,Posted: 29 September,all,Dunabhai,its a shame this game is not in spanish...
,Not Recommended,236150,23361718,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ETHAN BUBBLEGUM TATE,.
,Not Recommended,236150,25589187,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Case,I GOT THIS FOR UNDER $2 AND THATS WHAT IT IS WORTH....THIS IS AN UNFINISHED GAME- just another bad example of this early access gaming industryDONT SUPPORT DEV TEAMS THAT SPIT OUT HALF PROGRAMED GAMES.
,Not Recommended,236150,23807358,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Est,It was in all bad
,Not Recommended,236150,31910145,Posted: 22 May,all,Viral,No just no
76561198254061933,Not Recommended,236150,31677740,Posted: 10 May,all,Kimlay,this suck when u click alt+tab then u cant go back in game plz fix this this and when put it to window mode it turn to white only hear music
76561198043119487,Recommended,236150,17417815,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lord not scared,beautiful game just a shame i cant play it for long as everytime i want to reload a game it crashes
76561197969403926,Recommended,236150,17459037,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bleek,"25+ hours on record, for this price? Great value for money.A thoroughly enjoyable game just leave your preconceptions at the door."
76561198046284918,Recommended,236150,15884015,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,joeyjohny,looking forward to get high lvls in this game to get bigger dreadnaughts
76561197988840650,Recommended,236150,14590725,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GHOST TRAIN,"Edit: I have only played for one hour, so take that into consideration. I will play this again and write a proper review laterThe game has a pretty rocky start. I found it difficult to follow the tutorial and the initial storyline was strange and at times comical. Despite this, the game has nice graphics and it looks like there are detailed 'character customisation' elements to the way you can upgrade your ship, choose your own officers, and learn the usual skills and perks.My initial impressions of this were bad because I wasn't expecting an Indie game, but it looks promising. If you haven't already done so, watch one of the playthroughs onyoutube"
76561197970624505,Recommended,236150,12111169,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,spoons,Great game so far....easy to get into but have a lot to offer.
76561198012040097,Recommended,236150,20203121,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lanmac,"I got this game when I was in a space exploration mood and I'm pretty happy with the experience. I've been meaning to pick it up again and play it but I've been distracted with life and other games. This is a great game if you want good space battles, a large map to explore (I'm about halfway through exploring.) and a quick no-nonsense captains chair experience. I love the ship capture option and exploring the map. It can be tough at the start but always fun. I recommend this if you're looking for easy going, no frills captain experience."
76561198011717051,Recommended,236150,20933686,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,soldierblue211,"Love the game, despite it's flaws (which are many). It can be a bit of a grind at times. Many items in menus do not have info labelled which can be frustrating. And it crashes. like more than any other game i've ever played. but it's addictive and fun. many things are done well. controller support for example. graphics are very nice at 4k. and battles can be intense for a non team game.give it a go!!"
76561198041692463,Recommended,236150,21097509,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Stevo,"If you are interisted in a light space game, quick action and easy, though not great, storyline. This game is for you!I had a couple of hours of fun, space is a bit emptry apart from a few anomolies here and there, other than that...not much which is sad.At first glance, the tutorial looks daunting, but after you read and hold on for a bit, you'll notice that the game isnt that hard to grasp. I mean that in a good way!The backdrops and ship designs are mostly 6/10. No cockpitview? Colour customisations only --;It is still worth the price!"
,Recommended,236150,20983193,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tiderian,Found this game on holiday sale with all the DLC for $10.  It's a simple space sim with B+ graphics.  Not as deep as the X series.  The game is easy to play and progress doesn't take hours.  Somehow that works for me.
76561198113666949,Recommended,236150,8402084,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skyh Blue,"Hi Commander,Let´s give it a try. Starpoint Gemini 2 is a space game with RPG elements. Even if it is just in alpha state it is already well playable and has a large galaxy to explore. And most notably it makes fun to play this game :)For more detailed info visit the steam page:http://store.steampowered.com/app/236150/Kr, Skyh Blue"
76561198081457364,Recommended,236150,27332555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,alderdeen,"Other than the clunkeist tutorial I have ever had the displeasure to work with. (on the level of engaging as a exceedingly obese, mono-tone neck beard reading the dungeons and dragons 4th edition rule book to you, starting at the most complex parts first, then giving a very put out sigh when you play the game and get confused.)Other than that, the game is very fun very enjoyable. It makes you want to keep going, to make some more money, make your fleet bigger, mine the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa everything. maybe take over the galexy. over throw a few goverments, and forget about that there is a story at all."
,Recommended,236150,26757650,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jasonsnipe,"Ok if your thinking about buying this game here are some facts that mite be good to know,Fact# 1 This game has good combat mechanics and everything on that end works smoothly.Fact# 2 This game amazing background music.Fact# 3 The trading is not the best, as in its hard to make money with trading and the only way to make tading worth doing is to add a steam workshop mod.Fact# 4 The game isn't that buggy but developers have abandoned it, so keep that in mind.Overal I think its a great game and I love playing it."
76561198006872008,Not Recommended,236150,29867711,Posted: 12 February,all,TWJunky,"tried to get into this game. the game just doesnt do it for me. no direction just a grind to get better ships and euqipment. the voice acting is doesnt get worse than this. combat is boring and not very tactical. its just pew pew pew, shoot rocket, pew pew pew, use skill pew pew pew. i dont get why this game got so many postiv reviews."
,Recommended,236150,25314010,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,0078,"They say that an abundance of controls and inputs and hotkeys is an opportunity for maximum control over something, you just have to learn them and get used to them.But it doesn't help when ᵗʰᵉ ᵗᵉˣᵗ ᶦˢ ˢᵒ ᵈᵃᵐᶰ ˢᵐᵃᶫᶫ ʸᵒᵘ ᵈᵒᶰ'ᵗ ᵉᵛᵉᶰ ʷᵃᶰᵗ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵃᵏᵉ ᵃᶰ ᵉᶠᶠᵒʳᵗ ᵗᵒ ᶫᵉᵃʳᶰ ʷʰᵃᵗ ᵗʰᵉ ʰᵉᶫᶫ ᶦᵗ'ˢ ᵗʳʸᶦᶰᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵗᵉᶫᶫ ʸᵒᵘEDIT: I'm changing this to a thumbs up due to a comment, and also just cause it's a good game alone, and that I do truly respect the way it was made. And, lots of controls is a good thing!"
76561198032498807,Recommended,236150,12694404,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ashurakain,"When this game released in early access, i loved it, i love playing thru freemode, and the player created mods, and stopped playing for a bit hoping the play the story mode when it finished, it was smooth sailing mostly, until...The game released...Now all i keep getting a stuttering graphics, huge drops in FPS, annoying lags, weapon delays, and constant freezing, i have 4.5 ghz dual core, machine and i can barely get 20 fps in the game, its gotten to the point that traveling from hex to hex is a chore, let alone combat... combat... it sooo hard to tell who is hitthing or if ur hitting them, u cant manually control ur turret w/o accidently hitting friendlies making everybody go hostile on u, and lag when entering spaceports and planets...I dont know what happened during the developement process to make this game sooo unplayable, but i will say now, it is a very fun game to play... but the system requirements, stated bout the game is wrong, IT IS VERY WRONG!!!, and even if u have the recommended system specs, u will still have the endless stuttering of the game, endless frustration of battling and traveling... I loved this game in early access... and now, at my current machine's specs... i cant even xplore more than 10 hexes w/o crash freezing... i can only recommend this game to rich ppl who own high end machines, not regular ppl who have only mid to low end machines...What a waste... i feel sorry for all of those ppl who will never be able to play this game, just because we have the ""recommended"" system requirements.EDIT; After getting a new comp, and playing this game again... man jus smooth sailing. Fun easy to play game, love blasting things around with my federation warships.Anyways, changed my thumbs down to a thumbs up as a result."
76561198090831963,Recommended,236150,31342496,Posted: 24 April,all,tumitoto007,"Tho this is an old sim game but I really enjoy this. It's a bit rough on the begining, once I got a hold on the control, I sunk into the gameplay and can't stop playing it. I would strongly suggest those who played Eve and hate the distrupted players around yo. This game is relaxing yet fulfilling. It's hard to believe this is an indie game. I strongly recommand this game, I hardly do review but I feel I owe this to the ppl who created this. Keep it coming!"
76561198121986034,Not Recommended,236150,22902298,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,zacharyhess,"This game has several issues, but a few good points, which I will list.Storyline: The campaign is your standard 'fight the Empire' campaign. It's not very interesting and honestly, is not enough to keep you locked into the game.Missions: Escort, kill, transport, scan. That's it. There isn't much to do and not much fun in doing it unless you really enjoy grinding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of ships.Speaking of ships: They are expensive, as are the systems that use them. So get used to grinding for scrap material to sell for every single credit you can because my god is everything so expensive. You will be a higher grade officer on a ship that is well below your experience level. I guarantee it.Combat: You can take control of the canons yourself. Don't know why you would though. Camera controls in that mode make it useless and the autoaim is about 10x better than you will ever be at shooting other ships.Abilities: Marginally useful depending on the situation but unless you have the repair ability you aren't playing the right class.Now onto the positive stuff. Mods! Lots of really good mods to alter combat, add ships, and improve the cosmetics and trading. It really does make it a lot more fun to play when your ship isn't moving like and old woman up a hill all the time. Plus it makes it easier to get good weapon systems. The problem is, modding the game makes it very unstable. You will crash more than a Bethesda game.TLDR: If you are looking for a discount Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen, keep looking. This is not the game you want."
,Not Recommended,236150,29568365,Posted: 29 January,all,Ishvii,"I've gone back to this several times over the years. While it can certainly be enjoyable, I feel it's let down by many many tutorial windows, clunky controls, and very slow movement. The reality of playing SG2 is long space travel, drop out of hyperspace, press F to auto fire, pivot your ship around trying to keep the enemies in autoturret view, sell loot, rinse repeat. Gets dull pretty quickly."
,Not Recommended,236150,16213658,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Tetsuo ShadowKnight,"Was a big fan of Starpoint Gemini 1 and this just hit it out of the park!!! SOOOO MUCH STUFF! I will never run out of random stuff to pew pew or explore.After playing through more of this game i have come to the conculsion that this game has NOT been finished. Multible bugs in voice acting (aka missing most of it, sometime it works then other times it doesn't leaving you to read in the blanks) or the fact that NPC's do not help you in most fights (even against sworn nemisis) I watch one cursier take on 8 station defence ships and not one of them with full aggro on the ship and not once did it's sheild go under 99%, Did a lvl 17 side mission to save the second nexus station under attack and died 24 times (did the mission at lvl21 in a FULLY outfited horizon frig.) Constant lag spikes even on a beast pc, even some in dock screen ( same as pause menu for most games and it lags???? WTF never ever have I played a game that lags in a pause menu!) Saying that I love the idea and the first game but this is another one for ruin from early access, I watched this game from day one and paid into it from early access, please fix, you owe this fan that much sence I helped fund this game into life.More on bugs, let's talk about saving a file and having it load as the save before it with random hirogriphs as your money and reloading mission objectives from already complete missions. If you want a good game without all the bugs play the 1st one, at lest it was polished. OMG the leveling of missions is wack! WTF do you expect me at lvl 10 in a corvette do a lvl 11 mission and face a frig. plus Curs. by my f****ing self!!!!! Without being able to hire mercs, at that lvl.Most bugs have been fixed since last few updates. Game runs a lot better now on a low-end PC.07/28/2017New PC and gmae runs smoother, yet I'm still being plague with Bugs that shouldn't be. Within in the past 15 hours game play I have had a game over from:1. Explosion sounds and ship not exploding ( nothing was even around me and ship was still there with full HP)2. Finishing a bounty for 2 mil. and have an all to common exe. crash.3. Being one shot K.O. from a lvl. 1 assassain mission at lvl. 12...4. I have 32gb ram and 8gb 1070 card, yet the game can't handle more than 10 min.s game time and/or about 20 hexagons worth of persistent mapping.Sorry, but I won't buy warlords, and I'm sad to say I will just uninstall this game as it would be enjoyable for me if it ran."
76561198066765356,Not Recommended,236150,34525629,Posted: 27 August,all,Dot Matrix,"SG2 is an RPG set in space and can be described as a poorly excecuted Freelancer clone.Pro's:- Seems to have decent production values.- Large universe to explore.Well that's all the pro's I can think of to be honest.Con's:- Awkward controls, turretcontrol is unusable with a mouse and barely usable with a controller with which you can generally point into the right direction but simply lacks the accuracy for which you would need a mouse.- Because of the low income everything is too expensive and because of that SG2 requires way too much grinding, since SG2 mostly throws missions and enemies at you that are impossible to overcome unless you have a good ship with decent equipement.- Dissappointing ship customization, instead of getting better powergenerators or shields you get some sort of enhancements that really don't do anything but still cost a lot.- RPG style powers that last so short they hardly contribute anything to a prolonged battle with multiple ships.- Lame story which is also delivered in a way where no one really seem to care, so why should you?- Boring.Personally I don't think the Diablo-esque gameplay features fit this genre very well as Wing Commander Privateer already proved you really don't need those and are in my oppinion counterimmersive.2 out of 5"
76561198041686787,Recommended,236150,34331903,Posted: 18 August,all,m16Ashigaru,"Good game to listen to stuff in the background. On its own it's shallow. It has semi-fun combat system, but it comes down to the quality of the ship a lot.If it had the economy of x:series I would love it. So far - just a way to pass time while listening to podcasts."
76561198086782024,Recommended,236150,23779737,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[ABC-NT] PPPPPP1100,A relatively fun game with a huge enviroment.
