user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,236370,12609779,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SeaAxe (cx3907),"(Edit: I'm away for two years of military duties, so no updates to this review.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=579445919'Quick' & simple review:Pros:Dedicated developers, even if progress on the game is slow. (For goodness' sake, it's a small indie studio!) Plus great community managers!Generally mature, close-knit, and wonderful community.(I must warn you, a few black sheeps exist.)Intentionally challenginggame mechanics: (devs are aiming for realism)No HUD crosshairs,real weapon recoil,hearing impairment after taking damage (with disabled HUD until you recover),dynamic character breathing (which affects gun wobble),limited movement speed and hampered jumping,no checkpoints/save system in campaign/co-op(aka. permadeath, 'cuz it's hardcore),long respawn time in PvP to force the players to be vigilant,(you can never be too careful in this game)fair & balanced PvP(for now, SMG and rifle are available, and NO KILLSTREAK BONUS, HA!),bots are literally robots who can flank you, snipe you a mile away, and make you wish you are wearing adult diapers on harder difficulties.Innovative game mechanics:First-person simulation(no floating hands, no viewmodels,full first-person body is rendered where FP camera resides... and that helmet faceplate you see in first-person?Yep it's a real in-game, in-environment model too)wtf, the HUD too?,dynamic crouch & cover system,changing  environments and game states.Dynamic maps! (This deserves repetition!)(Laugh as a wall rises to block your opponent off, or ragequit when a ninja jumps on you.)Awesome audio & visuals!(Provided that your hardware can take it and max out all the settings, and it's in Unity.)Hear the water splatter around you at different places(on the ground, on your helmet, on the roof...)Watch how the water splatters on your visor(hint: slowly look up and down... if you bought this game)""...help...""(Officially denied by the devs & CM)Check out the lighting!...and maybe many more fine details that are too damn obscure that you must pay attention to actually notice.Tense atmosphere in both campaign/co-op and PvP.(Your flashlight may or may not be your best friend.)Cons:It's Steam Early Access.(not really a bad thing, but I guess some people don't like the notion of buying an incomplete game.)It's hungry for hardware, and not Mac/Linux-friendly ('cuz OpenGL and Unity).On my iMac:30-60fps main menu, 15-30fps in PvP,drops to 1-5fps on NeuroGen Incident (biggest map in the game)*turn off beamsync*:OVER 90... yeah... until NGI, it drops to 5fpsSwitch to Bootcamp Windows 7:40-100fps main menu, cool 30fps in PvP, 20-30fps on NGI... not bad.*switch from DirectX to OpenGL*:screw this... OpenGL & Unity hate each other.Machine: Intel i5 2.5GHz, AMD Radeon HD 6750M 512 MB, 8 GB RAMPlenty of bugs to stomp (which I actually enjoy, but then, again…)I mean, check out thepinned postI'm keeping (or I had been keeping) in the Steam Discussions page. It's friggin' long...)Seriously. The list, although unofficial, is longer than this puny review. The official buglist is much longer.(""...where the **** is the keycard?!"" ""HOLY CRAP I AM FALLING THROUGH THE MAP!""that kind of thing. But a marine keeps his cool, no?)Server rollback has yet to be coded & implemented. (keyword: yet)Client-server feedback latency may vary for different people.If your opponent/robot manage to shoot you in the head before you can even react, blame lag.Small multiplayer population + surplus servers + high ping (in my area)Perfectly good money wasted on empty servers, IMO.No landsharks, yet.Devs are so perfectionist that they want to perfect the AI code before introducing the sharks... *hype dies out*Spoiler:Not in space, yet. (The NeuroGen Incident is a reenactment underground.)Thus, in the current state of this game:Recommended For:Gamers looking for a highly balanced and tactical FPS.Gamers looking for thrills with replay value, and tired of mediocre jumpscares.(Advice: Never play on Easy mode. It kills the atmosphere.)But this is not meant to be a horror game. It's... uhm... a test!Live by the game tagline: In space, your friends can hear you scream.Not Recommended For:Gamers used to and prefer mainstream FPS, like CS, CoD, BF etc.People who don't like buggy and incomplete indie games.Gamers who set the same high expectations like they do with heavily funded games by big publishers....which I can totally understand. This review is meant to help your research.Conclusion:All you have to decide isWILL YOU BELIEVE?"
76561198085684806,Recommended,236370,16935193,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Grimmrobe,"This game as it is right now is very good and I highly recommend it, especially if you like Insurgency and System Shock 2.However, there have been a lot of misinformation being spread about this game and it's developer's, so i'll make this as short and sweet as possible:1. The IDEA of Interstellar Marines began in 2005, not the actual development.2. They launched a failed kickstarter in 2009 and recieved NO money as a result.3. That was AFTER they filed for bankruptcy due to the economic slump at the time.4. This game has been in early access since 2013, not longer, as others have said.5. The reason for the slow progress (so far) is that they literally have a handful of people working on the game, and they have so little money that they are basically working on this game for free.6. The devs are NOT abusive. If anything, they break their backs to ensure the satisfaction of their consumers.So, if you like what you see, buy it. It'll only get better from there, and it has a dedicated community. If you're holding off because it's in Early Access, at least keep an eye on it.They don't say ""For the love of the game"" because it sounds nice. They say it because they mean it.I hope this clears a few things up.EDIT: If you want the source, it's here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/864972399686185189/"
76561197989050146,Not Recommended,236370,19639194,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,j-PPP☮,"I always hated those people who gave up supporting the devs of Interstellar Marines and began calling the game vaporware. Game development takes time and it's not that easy, so I found it extremely annoying when someone had the audacity to blame the developers for not producing enough content.Now I'm going to join the same group. After getting my hopes up for a game that in my opinion had a vast amount of potential, there just hasn't been enough progress to make me believe in to the game anymore. After 5-6 years of supporting the devs and being generally a fan of the whole concept, I will give up on this. I am growing too old for this, figuratively and literally speaking."
76561198050592238,Not Recommended,236370,16328698,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,at_dp,"YESSS! Another GRAND update!!! This time the changes include ultra realistic, highly tactical, extremely accurate, high quality, high fiedlity, high definition, revolutionary, ground braking, one of a kind FALLING DAMAGE! Also this update includes.... NOTHING ELSE!SO HAVE FUN DEAR PLAYERS, AND THANK YOU FOR LETTING US RIP YOU OFF!Earlier reviews below.___________________________________________________________________________________So, more than a month has passed since I originally reviewed IM. A new update is out, so, I installed the game to check out if there has been any progress. (The description of the update states, that this time, the only changes are a switch to Unity 5, and some crappy map was re-added to coop, probably for the 647th time, so I didn't hold my breath...) I quickly went through NGI to assess the situation. Sadly, there is nothing good to report.No visible progress at all. One thing that did catch my attention though, was that 30 seconds after I started the level, I fell through the floor for no apperant reason... Great start (But, what else is new, right?). I restarted the level, and played a bit more. It was the first time I played this game in six months.I will now list the changes I've noticed: The voice and lines of the computer in NGI changed a bit, my guns and suit changed collor, there is a small fatigue percentage in the bottom right of the screen and a ""Hell week"" button has been added to the main menu. That's it. These are the changes made to the game during six months of development... Can't wait to try the game in another six months, and find that the fatigue percentage moved to the top left of the screen, and that two maps that were removed from coop in the last update, were returned (As usual...).The part I liked the most about this, is in the description of the update: ""The next step we want to do is improve performance even more with Speedtree and boost the graphics even more with physically based shaders, global illumination, linear lighting and deferred rendering 2.0.""YAY! The next update will be as useless as this one!The original review is below.___________________________________________________________________________________I like this game, I really do. Why won't I recommend it then? Let me explain.Currently, the game is in decent shape, with nice gameplay, nice graphics, a reasonable amount of content for the price. The problem is, the developers say it will have so much more. The ""vision"" of IM is quite grand, and it would be great if it actually happened. I just doubt it will happen...I mean, the progress is waaay too slow. Updates are few and far between (once every two-three monts), and when an update does comes out, new features are almost non-existant. Even many of the bug fixes that are stated as fixed on the changelog, are actually not fixed. It's like ""This update, we are going to release the sprinting and fatigue system! In three months we will fix the broken sprinting and fatigue system! Three months after that, we will impliment our super advanced crouching system! AND, don't forget that after six more months we will add a flash light! Our game is uber-tactical with ultra advanced and realistic (unimplimented) skin system! Land sharks are just around the corner (and have been for the last year or so)! And of course, stay tuned, because we are going to take this game (advertised as a mainly SP/COOP game) and add a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MP survival mode that no one wants, instead of focusing on the campaign or on adding more guns!""They advertise their crouching and sprinting systems as ""realistic"", ""advanced"" and ""revolutionary"", and yet I do not see how they are different from any other FPS... And this is what gets to me. This dishonesty on the part of the developers.If they would advertise the game as it is, and not throw in things they will get around to in about ten years, I would recommend it. It is pretty enjoyable as it is. But seeing as the developers are dishonest, and insist on misleading the players, I will not recommend this game!"
76561197991461638,Not Recommended,236370,20669111,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JohnDecker49,"Every six months or so I come to this game's store page with the following question in mind:""Is it finished yet?""I've been doing this for years now."
76561198066859275,Not Recommended,236370,32135512,Posted: 2 June,all,TheDoctor,"I've had this game for quite some time (well over 2(?) years), and it was amazing in the beginning. It showed lots of promise and has great aesthetics. However, now it's stuck in the void that is early access, never making any progress (last update was early 2016) and it's still buggy.RIP"
,Recommended,236370,13977809,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ｐｈｕｃ,"PROS-I like the innovative mechanics of stealth and the classic action of an FPS.-Really supportive community.CONS-Needs more weapons.OVERALL-I recommend this game, it combines stealth and action in an FPS unlike others; I recommend it."
,Recommended,236370,22231063,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jackerino,"The problem with this game is not that the developers are inexperienced and bad at what they do, it's the fact that they are low on money, and the community has been very negative about them being slow.  They try their hardest to communicate with their community; they have a great game already made, here.  They're trying their absolute hardest, but they just don't have the money to do it.  I do recommend this game, highly.  It has a fun and unique co-op experience, fun PvP, skins (no Microtransactions), singleplayer missions, multiple types of missions.  They aren't giving up, but without these funds, they're progressing slowly.This video tells you everything you need to know, really.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G017cTVjyykI do highly recommend this if you're on the bench about it, because it seriously is fun to play.  Especially with friends.  And if you're dissapointed, you can always just get a refund."
,Not Recommended,236370,23342789,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Smitherino,It was fun... Untill the devs did nothing... for a year and a half...
,Not Recommended,236370,25679227,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[NMC] PluckDuck,"I originally fell in love with this game back in 2007.I got married.I got a child.I got divorced.My son is 7 years old now.Perfect timing, it's gonna be finished by the time of my retirement."
,Not Recommended,236370,22611782,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,North,"Last time I put it bluntly, but because there are morons on this review page that thumbs down negative reviews (I'm sure  now we're at 3 years in Steam EA, they feel really smart), I'll go ahead and give my review a little more content. With more sodium.When I first picked up Interstellar Marines, I was hooked instantly. I thought that there was no limit, and the devs fueled that feeling with vlogs showing things to be genuinely stoked for. The idea felt fresh in a genre where literally every avenue has been explored -- be it by big game industries or indie developers -- and that nothing came as a surprise. I waited for that polish to the game, and even ended up buying 5 other copies for friends to play with me and help the game grow.""So why did you stop, why are you giving this game a bad review?""Because these devs are slower than the skeleton crew updating DayZ Standalone.Three years in Steam EA -- with plenty more behind that -- and what do they have to show for it? A few 'missions' and tweaks that should be done after you put in content needed to call this a game. I've seen game demos more complete than this.I'm not sure if it's program regulations or your character just enjoys it, but you walk around like you have a giant metal rod up your♥♥♥♥♥ It's clearly not beyond the dev team's capabilities to make a working movement animation or make the characters look convincing, just look at the robots running around.Speaking of robots, aside from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t multiplayer system they have in the game (try getting into a Hell Week lobby), did you know that they are the ONLY enemies you have in the entire game? After the initial fear of the unknown wears off, be prepared to delve into the dark with these bots either shooting at you or flailing their arms out you with some scream along the lines of ""HOOOOUURRRRGH"".Three years of development, and they haven't been able to ship out a single mission past 'training simulations' for the real threats in space. I know a handful of people that -- given three years only -- would be AGES ahead of what this team has brought us in updates that provide no real useful content at all. We got a PVP/E game mode now. Whooptee ♥♥♥♥ing doo.Maybe that was their message behind this game. That there was no alien threat and therefore we all look dumb, waiting to encounter alien lifeforms, weapons in hand. That's what I'm going to hope, because other than an overprice, sick, twisted prank, this game only stands as a pillar in reasons I don't EVER want to put money towards another game with an EA tag on it again.Thanks devs for betraying our trust, breaking promises and dreams, and adding into the phobia of investing into an EA that becomes a waste of cash."
76561198015271542,Not Recommended,236370,19051286,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,kot,"This game has been in development for more than 6 years now, and it doesn't seem that the end is anywhere in sight.This is becoming a sort of pyramid scheme, where people who already bought the game recommend it to others just to keep the development going. :-/The developer has recently started releasing monthly updates, but those updates are mostly void of real content; they include only minor changes like tweaking the weapon recoil, or changing the HUD display font.The developer ignores any questions about the release date, and doesn't reveal anything about the single-player campaign, saying that its a surprise, or that everything's a ""means to an end"", or something vague of that sort.My guess is, sadly, that the money will run out before the game will ever be finished. I therefore would not recommend anyone buy this game in its 'early access' from."
,Recommended,236370,13870179,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,KF5AQX,"I played Slender without jumping. I played Amesia without flinching. I sat through Five Nights at Freddies and only jumped once.But this game regularly makes me actually scream, and flinch badly enough I can't aim properly. I can't place exactly what does it, or why it does it so well, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does it ever. The noises the bots make, the way they lunge for you, the absolutely jawdropping immersion. This game isn't billed as a horror, and in reality, it shouldn't be. You play a fully armored, trained Marine, with unlimited ammo, flashlights, lasers, and the most advanced weapons in the entire armed forces. It couldn't be a survival horror, or even really a horror at this rate.What it is is a very tense, tight, amazing shooter. Controls are absolutely tight (With the exception of stairwalking) weapons feel good, the lighting is top notch, and the sound is literally eargasmic. Everything combines to make a game that takes a badass fighter, and makes them seem like a very human fighter. The Marines say nothing, but you feel like you're actually there, fighting in their boots, sweating around the grips of their weapons. It's barely alpha even now, with many features missing and planned, and many bugs and issues.And yet, it's still the best first person shooter I've played. It may not be the funnest, nor the fastest, nor even the most well polished. But it's a true first person experience, injecting you into the game in a way that I've wished for in many others."
,Recommended,236370,14424341,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,REDHAWK,"This is an user friendly game review/in game useer manual for Interstellar marines xDDDDDInterstellar Marines, is an first person shooter game (FPS)It is yet only in the early-access stage wich means that this game may, or may not be finished. But as it seems like right now the devs will continue this game. The first impression of this game when i first saw the video that plays when you first start up the game was great. the game has great overall graphics and suits pretty much all computers (within limitations) you do not need to have an super computer to play this game and it gives good fps.In the begining you will start straight on the training course to get used to the controls.then you are on your'e own. you can choose to play either single player (story mode/campaign) or you can jump over to co-op or versus mode. but first off im gonna talk about single player:Single player means that you play versus the computer, (also called bots/Ai's)The bots in this game are well made, they seem to be ""artificial intelligent"" they detect you easier when you stand/run than they do when you crouch and move slowly.In game you will also have the options to equip lights (F), laser aim on your gun (G) or supressor (Q) when you use laser and the flashlight in game be carefull,\ because other players in game can see the laser and the flashlight (bots too)they detect you a lot more faster when you have laser and flashlight enabled.If you do not use the sound supressor on your gun, then be adviced. within a few seconds you will hear tons of robots stomping in the ground and coming sprinting towards you and ready to bash your skull in with their fists :)the envoirment in the game is mostly dark/foggy so it is hard to spot enemies as well as it is hard to stay hidden if you will have to use your flashlight. this is why i often like strobing the flashlight for few moments as it can be mistaken to be lights in game that flimmers.The thing with this game is that there are not very many guns. wich makes this game more focused on how actually skilled you are isntead of all the gear.some peopels like it. some peoples dont.the physics in the game are great. movement are well balanced as well as the gravity, in this game you do not have a bar that shows your stamina. but you still have it. so dont be sprinting around like a maniac. because this will affect how well you can aim when youre standing still as you will soon start to breathe like you have held your breath for 5 mina haha.in game you can comunicate with different players. both with text and with voice chat. voice (V) chat is more prefered as the text does not show up before you open the ""text menu"" where you writes your messages, so they do not pop up on your screen automatically.If you like to change graphics settings or general game settings and key bindings, then there is an fair ammount of options to use. and the game has a good compability to most screens. wich is quite good as i am using an 50"" tv while i play. wich can be troubling in many games.Also, every single bullet you fire in this game counts. the STATS menu will show you absolutely everything, and by saying this i mean absolutely EVERYTHINGyou can see how many bullets you have shot, how many kills, how many deaths, kill/death ratio, wich body part you have hit the most. and how many times you have hit the different body parts counted per bullet.so theres lot of room for competition with your friends about the best stats.it is also displaying what your favourite weapon is.The in game controls are easy to maneuver and is easy to get used to.If you want to play online either in co-op or in versus battles there are plenty of servers in different locations so you can use the filters to browse for servers that is filling your recuirements of ping, difficulty, game mode and so on.If you have any questions or any issues or maby even a bug report then you can just contact the devs via twitter, facebook or the steam game forum page, they are really fast at responding. and they are also really friendly.i have already reported in a few bugs that aint a big deal and they responded within 20 minutes.GG DEVS AND KEEP IT UP!so i give the support area an 10/10 points just for that.One of the biggest thigns about this game is that even it is a futuristic/sci-fi game it is still really realistic wich means things work out in the game as it would in real life, as an example: laser aim. in many games they make the laser beams a solid red beam that is highly visiblie to all players. but i real life you would not be able to see the laser beam unless theres some dust particles in the air. the more dust particles in the air, the more visiblie the beam gets.and in the game. it is just slightly visiblie as it is under normal circumstances in real life.the flashlight is dynamic light. it fades over distance and lights up the room like a real flashlight. it is not a static/flat light.BEAUTIFUL!when you run, your character starts breathing more heavily. and starts to run slower.if you get injured. your vision will become blurry and you will have an hard time to see your surroundings until you recover.in the interview of the devs they say they wanted to create this game as realistic as possiblie for sci-fi games. and they did it pretty well!in general this game is a whole lot of fun and really exciting and it is a great game and personally i have high expectations for this game as it got such big potentional to become something big and if you like fps games. then this is the game for you.in general i give this game an 8/10 points.reason i do not give it 10/10 is because of there is a few bugs, but im pretty sure this will be fixed pretty soon.the campaign does not have much of an ""story"" but this is just what i like with games.the multiplayer part is 10/10but as i said earlier. this is still an early access game. so it is not done yet and it will improove over time. it is a good buy and i do recommend this game.this is one of the best FPS multiplayer games made in a really long time.Lock'n load. and prepare for having some real fun !(i have  made an in game video wich i will post up here pretty soon)and ps: excuse my english grammar, im not from an english speaking country ;)heres my video reviev in game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9KGaymIquU&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,236370,33252023,Posted: 4 July,all,Gangsta Kitten,"This is a painful review to write, but it has to be written.This game was purchased by me several years ago, and gave me my first taste of a somewhat realistic and terrifying shooter. Seeing someone and getting the first shot felt so rewarding that I can't explain it. Graphics were smooth, and all was well.The concept of the maps were interesting, as if there were a fire in a remote facility, the sprinklers would activate, and make the enviornment simulate rain, also sending realistic droplets down your visor. Also, their layouts were changable, also with openable doors.The weapons were fun, and looked beautiful. They operated smoothly, and had their advantages.Spawning felt awesome, coming out of a small room with your squad splitting into strategic divisions to actually play the objective.. It was safe it say it was a good game.But there had always been one problem. The community.Not that it hacked, or that it raged, no. It barely existed.You were lucky to find an open server.I've redownloaded the game a few times hoping it'd be more popular again, but it's safe to say the game is dead, and will be staying that way for sure. Developement spiked downwards, and that was one of the few reasons the community dispersed.I'll keep redownloading just with hopes that this game will revive itself into what should be one of the most popular FPS games on PC.Painfully, I have to not recommend this game, not because of it, but its state of absence."
,Recommended,236370,13233461,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,PyroFuxd,"If you look at the hours I have put into this game that is pre alpha, you will see that I am continuously and thoroughly enjoying this game as it develops. I am eager to finally play the finished version no matter if it is still some time away. This game has taken me through a variety of emotions from fear, frustration, elation, and more. All of these things make it fun and challenging. It takes some time to get used to, because of some of the pre alpha anomalies.  It is like a new pair of shoes. They look good, but when you try them on, they don't fit at first. After wearing them for a while they feel great and become your favorite.Some people have problems getting used to the game, or have issues getting it running on their hardware. Just stepping over to the community with these problems and you will find a very enthusiastic and supportive dev group and player base that offer up loads of support to get you through the rough patch.This game has the makings of a great single player horror FPS, and a great multiplayer competitive shooter. Add in the ability to do multiplayer co-op, and it becomes an epic game. It has a fine balance between frantic shooter and tactical shooter. As I see the story plans unfold, I suspect I will be enveloped by an epic single player story when it is finished.As long as this game stays on the current heading, it will become a classic that everyone will remember. I have so much fun with this game that I bought it for all my closest gaming buddies.If you buy it based on this review, I only hope that you enjoy it as much as I do, or meet me on the server and let me help you work those new shoes in until they are comfortable."
,Not Recommended,236370,26207341,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GigglePuss,"It's dead on both sides: development and player base. I loved the multiplayer, but matches are so rare now, and I can't suggest this game to anyone anymore.They captured lightning in a bottle, but they never put the cap on."
76561198056468788,Not Recommended,236370,19721060,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheFramPlay,"Had this game for a really long time. Don't buy this game, it's most likely going to be left soon, just like The Dead Linger, not much here to say. Just don't buy."
,Not Recommended,236370,24588013,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Joji,"I got this game when I was 13 right it was in early access, I am now 16, I have legit hit puberty and matured before this ♥♥♥♥ing game has left early access. I got facial hair before this game got the land sharks I was promised."
,Not Recommended,236370,19554534,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,COMbine,"The game had a great potential of being an atmospheric story driven Sci-Fi shooter but through the last 4 years (out of total 6 years in development) the developers went the wrong way. It seems their new goal is too make a multiplayer shooter which is a huge letdown after their previous trailers and early announcments.Right now the game has very little content to offer. A handful of multiplayer maps, two weapon models and one enemy model. Even the frequent update schedule is not helping because the updates have little to no new content added. All they do is tweak some minor things like the colour of text in the main menu or the player's movement speed. Honestly this is something you'd see in a small patch after the game is released.The game feels empty, flat and too ""basic"". It has no replayability because of its complete emptyness. There is nothing to see, there is nothing to do and there is no hope it will change in the nearest future.Find your money a better use.Edit:It looks like I've made a mistake stating that the game is in the development for 6 years. Actually according tothisarticle the game is being developed for11 years. Eleven. Years."
,Recommended,236370,13837196,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kyjerwa,The A.I isn't stupid.
76561197969580266,Not Recommended,236370,21758010,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Baconbits,"All but the most devoted fans have left, the money is drying up, and the development team is falling apart. The only hope is for an interested publisher to fund it. Can't reccomened this to anyone except for gamblers because the odds of this game being completed is 1:100.The WhyInterstellar Marines got people excited with its idea of a sci-fi tactical shooter with scary co-op using Landsharks. Unforunately development cycle priorities were unplanned and screwed up from the beginning.The HowMost of the developmental efforts were focused on PvP matches, or what could best be described as a well made counter-strike mod with three guns.At some point a co-op effort was made, but it was poorly directed. Forgettable rogue robot AI's were implemented with lame-duck go here and stand there objectives.ZPS was too afraid of a buggy co-op Landshark release, so they avoided the issue altogether by making a different game. With robots and PvP matches."
,Not Recommended,236370,31123731,Posted: 13 April,all,PhantomSoldier,WHERE ARE THE SHARKS I BOUGHT THIS OVER THREE YEARS AGO
,Recommended,236370,14180763,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,cocoa puffs,"THE GOODInterstellar Marines is a very good game with multiple modes to play on. I haven't complete any missions, however I was very close on the Starcrown mission. I found the community to be pretty nice in the fact that they give nice tips. The game's servers are empty but there are usually 2-5 full/ partly full of players.+ guns are good+ missions+ controls+ community+ no game breaking crashingTHE BADThe flashlights don't seem to work for me, and i can't see in some of the mission during the night times and pitch black stations. I also found that some of the maps are spawn killer haven. This isn't really a bad point, but i hope they add capture the flag, team death match, and king of the hill. I would also like a game mode where its the bots verus 8-16 players.- flashlight doesn't work (for me)- more game modes- more missions-a campaign for single player?"
76561198035464158,Not Recommended,236370,32536016,Posted: 18 June,all,AlliN,Might as well be considered abandonware/vapourware' at this point. DO NOT spend any money on this game.And to think I bought copies for friends...
,Not Recommended,236370,32765489,Posted: 25 June,all,Hier kommt Bruce,"I remember picking up this game around 3 or 4 years ago, back when I thought that Early Access was a great way to be part of a growing game. Nowadays most people know better than to pick up Early Access titles that get abandoned anyways, but with this one it's a real shame. Had a lot of cool mechanics and the gunplay felt great."
,Not Recommended,236370,26533433,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RXED WXLF7,"Ambitous, but stuck in developement hell. The evnrionment and gunplay is a really immersive experience. The lighting and shooting feels really good. Its sad that its losing attention and hype because we all want the experience it promises. I think if it gets more funding and they focus on the singleplayer coop part of the game it would be in a better place. Toss out pvp bring in it later. Focusing on balancing and fixing pvp is a waste of time and resources. Game feels empty and needs to bring its original player base back."
,Not Recommended,236370,20353489,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Junaii,"I boot this up every 6 months or so since I bought it 5 years ago, just to see what has been added. The answer every single time is ""very little"".2010. The devs are promising awesome stuff that might make it into the game, they say thats its all about COOP PVE tactical shooting against these awesome looking landshark monsters and that its ""All about the love of the game"".The game is a very basic tech demo with a single gun, a couple of singleplayer levels and no enemies.2013. The devs are promising awesome stuff that might make it into the game, they say thats its all about COOP PVE tactical shooting against these awesome looking landshark monsters and that its ""All about the love of the game"".The game is a very basic tech demo with two guns, a couple of multiplayer levels and no enemies.2014. The devs are promising awesome stuff that might make it into the game, they say thats its all about COOP PVE tactical shooting against these awesome looking landshark monsters and that its ""All about the love of the game"".The game is a slightly more advanced tech demo with two guns, a couple of multiplayer levels and two generic single player/COOP levels with bland robot AI.2015. The devs are promising awesome stuff that might make it into the game, they say thats its all about COOP PVE tactical shooting against these awesome looking landshark monsters and that its ""All about the love of the game"".The game is a pretty basic and arcady multiplayer shooter with some bland single player/COOP levels with the same robot AI as before.Conclusion: Sadly this slow development and update cycle seems to be locked down a road of making a very average multiplayer shooter. The COOP elements that have been added feel very hastily cobbled together to fufil the promises made by the devs. The enemies are very bland androids and it squanders the occasional atmospheric moments generated with dark space ship interiors through lazy design.I don't think I'm going to bother with my next bi-annual 10 minute check, judging by the last 3-4 updates the devs are only now interested in slowly working on very minor cosmetic updates to menus and the multiplayer.Avoid this, its just a tease at a promise of something good and unless another dev team or publisher step in, it will never be anymore."
,Not Recommended,236370,32246407,Posted: 7 June,all,Vash(88),"I hate to say it, but the development of this game has all but ended.  Do not buy this game.  It is an example of early access at its worst.It breaks my heart because this game had an amazing thing going for it.  The detail that went into the starting features gave everyone a false sense of hope.  Most of us expected some  sort of a l4d/star ship troopers blend.  We got nothing of that sort.  I've tried to play it, and it just fels like a demo of an amazing game that never happened (star craft ghost) after 4 years of early access."
,Recommended,236370,12716827,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kawaii_MC_Ride,"This is what Aliens: Colonial Marines, should have been."
,Recommended,236370,14152681,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Autistic Wazowski,"The game that aliens colonial marines never was.this game is insane, at first it appears to be the standard fps senario where your invincible and you fight off a stupid amount of enemies. if thats want you want from this game then your going to get a suprise because this game is so freaking scary. i completed alien isolation, and yes that was very scary, but this so much more terrifying 10/10"
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,236370,17446848,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Indrigis,"Time goes by, interstellar war stays the same. That is - a bunch of grey halls with grey buildings and occasional light sources, filled by a bunch of grey people in grey suits of armor wielding grey guns. At night.I first bought the game when it was nothing but a single boot camp map with lighting and weather effects that you could toggle. Two years later it's mostly that but the lights and weather are out of your control - it's always night and occasionally it rains.There's a multiplayer component, but it's all ""basic boot camp"" styled with everyone wearing the same armor (that does not protect you) and using the same three guns which are neither precise nor different from each other.And as a whole the game feels deliberately clunky. Your helmet's faceplate is literally stained with grease and fingerprints and whites out shen shone directly upon. You can lift it, but you lose the HUD (it's admirably realistic, but what the actual joy). Your soldier runs out of breath BY WALKING. Walk for 30 seconds (or run for 10) and there you go - exhausted, can't aim at all. As for audio - extremely loud footsteps and actual tinnitus. It's a very realistic fat dude with a toy gun simulator, for all it's worth.I would have recommended it over a year ago when it had actual promise. But now... Not really. This ship has sailed and sunk."
76561198029679018,Not Recommended,236370,31086939,Posted: 11 April,all,Gunner2234,"It's a great game with great mechanics, fun to play with friends just a little buggy. However the massve downfall is simply that the game has been ""in progress"" for several years now and has never fully realized it's dream. As previously mentioned, it's a fun game to play with a great atmospere and amazing graphics. The sound design as well as the ever present sense of danger makes it an amazing game. However, since there have been no real recent updates and some bugs can cause the game to be unplayable, I must give it a negative review. I wish it weren't so :("
76561198021671754,Not Recommended,236370,26290318,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Antis,This is an abandoned game. DO not buy.
,Not Recommended,236370,32360300,Posted: 12 June,all,DownUnder | BlackBird,was expecting something big from this game waited over 4 years and still nothing
76561198119781328,Not Recommended,236370,20093090,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,STRAIGHT OUTTA FLAVOURTOWN,"The team behind this game has great passion and great ideas for this game, but they lack the funds or the manpower to follow through with this project. I am sorry to give them a negative review but this game honestly just isn't worth it at this point.The community is dead with only one or two servers actually having players on them, and the gameplay gets a bit boring after a bit.Stay far away from this sinking ship."
,Recommended,236370,14961201,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Insane Katrina,"""When is the next update?""""Next update.""~ ZPS.Bozar (the community manager) answering my question.Alright, now for an actually correct review.This game first of all is in Early access, as you may have noticed already. Surely some of you might think ""Oh great, it's another one of those sh*tty games where people are only begging for money, instant downvote."" okay, no, it's not as bad as it sounds, in fact, the game is quite decent even though it's a Unity engine based game, and I don't blame them for using such an engine, knowing how they got bankrupt a few years back. So far I will only say the game is in decent condition, not that many gamebreaking bugs, some neat coop and gameplay experience, and it's filled with good people (except for me, I am the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥of the game... probably), the community is mostly lively, and one of the devs (A.K.A. ZPS.Bozar (the community manager)) make Monday and Tuesday (possibly Wednesday even) community gatherings to keep the community updated with what's going on, what are the plans, when will be the next update coughnextupdatecough, and some off topic randomness with a couple of good laughs and shooting eachother in the faces, because hey, that's what the game is about.Speaking of updates, yes, this game gets updated monthly as soon as possible, while almost 95% of the updates do get delayed due to some bugs and glitches that seem to pose a threat on what the gameplay might end up like (stuff like missing keycard spawns in which they don't spawn at all, waypoint breaks, AI errors, falling through stuff and so forth), personally, even though the devs do put up annoying delays which just make us wait a few additional weeks for a hyped update to come out... and thus likely crash a train labled ""Hype train"" full of innocent people who are only looking to see what the game has to offer. But still, the devs always do it for a good cause, they want to make the game as solid and stable as possible, whilst also give a few balancing tweaks to make sure that no one is overpowered in any way, so that's always an up. And besides, all the scripting and modelling and animating and map making is not as easy as it sounds for a small dev team, really.But now, onto the fun stuff: The gameplay.The gameplay is pretty solid, you are brought in with so far two guns (an SMG and an assault rifle, more are on the way, so give it a wait), at 7 PvP maps, all with a constant changing enviroment and increasingly good atmosphere, which will always keep you on your toes. Several singleplayer maps which can be played in coop on certain servers (more on that later on), and right now, a gamemode called Deadlock (before it was Deathmatches and Team Dominations, though these will also be brought back soon enough in the later update). Personally I like the Deadlock gamemode, it's an onslaught of an 8v8 (if you're lucky to get in a full server) where the two teams have to either capture all of the 7 points or eliminate the entire enemy opposition before they lose all the zones or get mauled by the enemy force. It's like Insurgency with Skirmish, capture a point to get your team back, although in this case, it respawns only one but (hopefully) useful teammate which has died before, which is always a good thing to do, because having the enemy outnumbered is a always an up for your team, although, just because they have only one last marine standing (or LMS for short, that, or ""That guy who is gonna die and fail our squad because he has no idea what he's doing."") can always, and I mean ALWAYS, make a turn to the game where in the end it's YOUR team that gets outnumbered, and guess what, it wasn't because your team sucks, it's because the enemy team knows where to go first, where last, where the enemy might be, what point to cap, where to camp, and so forth, it's all basically tactics that bring this up, and that's the best part, there is always a way for something to go right or painfully and horribly wrong, and the game can easily be twisted by a single person's actions, wether was it a point capture or an enemy neutralization... or just smart corner camping, HELL, ANYTHING GOES BASICALLY. But mainly, it's the teamwork that keeps the team rolling, covering certain areas to prevent flanking, reviving dead teammates next to you (did I tell you that there is actually reviving in the game? Well, I tell you now, there is reviving in the game, use it dammit) to keep the odds against the enemy, and usually an accurate aim and some good reflexes will be able to get you out of the frying pan (and possibly into the fire if you're unlucky enough...), even though some people say it feels a bit like CoD coughgodieinafirecough and a bit like quake, well, I might have to agree there a bit, it does have a slight feeling to it, but never too much, as one going CoD style against the enemy will have him killed and his team to utter failiure (never underestimate the enemy, they can always appear smarter than they look). As for the AI of the game... weellllll... let's just say they still have a lot to improve with their robots, since they're buggy as hell (running into walls, shooting at people's feet, staring at the sky for no apparent reason, did I mention running into walls?), but nonetheless always fun to play against on harder difficulties (Realistic is the highest difficulty, just so you know, and I recommend that difficutly to be palyed at all games and times), beacuse it will always give you more of a reason to use cover and move around slower, because a few shots means death. So yeah. Speaking of dying, headshots are always instakills, so keep your head somewhere safe at all times... no, not underneath a bucket you baka. In the new update they introduced a stamina and accuracy system, which will obvously affect how you aim and such, so don't run around too much or you'll be hitting everything but your target, plus, you'll be moving with the speed of a snail if you drain out completely, you have been warned.But what are the singleplayer/coop games like?Well, so far there are 2 campaign mission, The Neurogen incident and Starcrown aerospace, which are both pretty good, even though Neurogen is a little bigger and darker, which is always good, while Starcrown is basically ""Take that keycard to open that door so you can get a keycard to open that door so you can then pick up the intel thingy that looks like a keycard so you can open the evac zone and spawn tons of annoying robots which will blow your head off in a split of a second."" ... That could've been better said, but sadly, I am being honest here. The Starcrown map is basically taking keycards to open doors like all the time... Still it does give the option to go through several enterances (Front door (my favorite), a side enterance at the left (which somehow looks more like a lobby...), a giant hangar door at the back, and a very convenient fence opening on the left storage area) which does give a little more variety to what ways you want to do this, always an up, even though in the end you end up Rambo-ing out to the evac zones with your friends, nevertheless a good laugh of constantly getting shot at. There are also several other coop maps, 2 Elimination maps (Mainline and Stronghold) in which you have to kill all the robots to win, 2 Survival maps (Colony and Operations) where you have to turn the power back on (CONTRADICTION + SPOILER ALERT:You actually end up turning the power off, not on, if you get the idea), and avoid getting killed by all the robots, and lastly an Escape map, in which you gotta get topside by doing some simple objectives.Welp, looks like I'm running out of space to type stuff, so I'm just gonna conclude this with a ""Must have!"". I would've typed in so much more if I had space, sadly, Steam hates me. :CBuy this game, buy the spearhead edition, support the devs, and I get a cookie. C:"
76561198131157143,Not Recommended,236370,31940571,Posted: 24 May,all,RaBieS (Z.A.),"Sadly not recommended... The development of this game breaks my heart. It showed a lot of promise but development is going badly due to the ""team"" only consisting of one last person...I hope the game pulls through against all ods. :(DISCLAIMER: I did not give this game a thumbs down as such, but I do not recommend purchase untill a later stage of development if it does come."
76561198009167539,Recommended,236370,26591299,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Duke Of Cranberries,THE GAME IS NOT ADANDONED! The developer is still working on it himself with some help from his friends. He is also reworking his pitch to get the game picked up by a major publisher! For the love of the game!
76561197992328376,Not Recommended,236370,28396850,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Envywolfe,i kick started this game such a shame i dont think the full game will see light of day.. team splitting up. running low on funds  no updates. i log in now and then theirs hardly on one on. its looks good feels good but sadly look how long this games been around for now  started in 2012/2013  now heading in to 2017.you go to main website see no real updates :( with out money and a full team and a label backing them up i feel it will never be completed  if so it will be rushed.. but this is my opinioni recommend this game if it gets completed
,Not Recommended,236370,23211094,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Needs Food Badly,"Calling the dev cycle on this game ""way too slow"" is an insult to dev cycles and things that move too slowly. There has essentially been no significant movement on this project for years, and yet I still occasionally receive email updates about its development.There are the beginnings of a good game, perhaps even a great one, here. But those beginnings have been in effectively the same state for many years."
,Not Recommended,236370,20575786,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Simba,"This review is coming from someone that followed the kickstarter of this game, and was incredibly excited to see it on steam.The moment the game came out on steam I bought it. My expectations were low, seeing as it was early access, and I was unsuprised at how little content there was.When I first saw the game, and when I bought it, I was hooked on how strongly they advertised an emmersive coop experience. The space sharks, the atmosphere, the whole thing looked like the coop shooter kind of experience I'd been looking for in other games, with a PvP gamemode tacked on for fun.Updates were slow, but I tolderated it. Small team, small funding, right?Updates continued to crawl along, with more content than ever.So why am I not recommending the game?Well the devs seem to have forgoten what they advertised the meat of this game being: a coop game.They continually realise PvP maps, PvP gamemodes, and other PvP specific features.There are currently two Coop maps. Both are a lot of fun, they both feel incredibly lacking in parts, but still fun.However, theres been two maps for almost half a year now.Maybe if they addactualcoop features, I'll change my review, but as of now I'm incredibly dissapointed.Don't buy this game unless youre a fan of dissapointment."
76561198069088278,Not Recommended,236370,25521662,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Evil_Moose,"Bought this game a little over 3 years ago, really liked the ideas and aesthetic of the game, Co-op survival story mode, Terrifying land sharks and claustrophobic combat.I played some good matches on multi player, very intense and nerve shredding, but the overall package was pretty barren, so figured i would come back to it after more development time.Since i have checked back from time to time over the years hoping for some progress on the initial goals to no avail, No story, no land sharks, hardly anyone on the servers, it's dead.I feel bad for the guys that paid for the spearhead edition, they are never going to see the future content they paid for if the base game hardly exists.Too much time was spent meandering with minor mp updates and engine conversions till they had probably burned through all their cash and then lost their staff.Another example of the darkside of early access games, poorly planned and unable to meet any of its major goals / selling points."
76561198163796542,Recommended,236370,13167351,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ellru,"-Starts game-no explanation or whatever, game starts-wandering around aimlessly-saw a big door and starts looking for a switch-turned around and BAMM! a ♥♥♥♥ing robot was sprinting at me-sprayed bullets like a blind man in an earthquake but killed it and nearly had a heart attack-turns back to look for switch-another robot was already beside me-skipped a heart beat-died from 2 punchesOverrall: The best early access HORROR THRILLER FPS game i've ever played10\10 would get heart attacked again"
76561198033603190,Not Recommended,236370,31639646,Posted: 8 May,all,CPT Scraggly Beard,Great game that will never be finished
,Not Recommended,236370,29229886,Posted: 13 January,all,MG | Jakester,"As an early buyer of the game when it first came to steam I had high hopes. I quickly upgraded to Spearhead edition too. I was really interested in the story and couldn't wait to play through the campaign. It seems now it has shifted its focus to multiplayer. I'm not caught up on the recent news but i'm seeing that the funds are drying up which is a real shame. I wanted to see this succeed but it is now a lifeless game that may never get completed.** Reviewed January 13, 2017 - Purchased August 20, 2013 **"
,Not Recommended,236370,25633698,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,CheezBurgerBadger,Bought into it years ago. Been waiting for it to finish since.
,Not Recommended,236370,19045168,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,FDR Logging,"-2 years later, still no sharks (which was the main reason I even bought it),-Development is super slow, update after update with very little content addition-Gunplay and general control feel is boring and ridged-The multiplayer is stale, simple, feels empty with no replay value-Although the lighting is very well done the rest of the games textures are very basic-Sound effects are very generic and not well synced to triggersHad a few fun moments in multiplayer with my buddies over the past year but honestly this game seems like its going nowhere. I still have no idea why we are seeing this stale boring robots instead of sharks and creatures as promised in levels, seems like a cheap filler. I've had the pleasure of watching several other early access games come togeather over the years and unfortunately this is stuck in the past and based on the latest updates its going to remain there.Good try, Good Idea, but shes dead"
,Recommended,236370,15421340,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Spooky Bov,Am I the only person who gets the crap scared out of me by those damn robots?
,Recommended,236370,13119817,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sikosis,"Whilst it is Early Access, this team, Zeropoint Software (ZPS) has such passion and dedication that there is no worry with this game. As it is, it's a very nice singleplayer / 4 player co-op / mp team deathmatch/capture space FPS that is highly tactical and fun to play. Updated frequently and has a great community as well as good community support from ZPS.Definitely worth supporting, I bought copies for all my friends."
,Not Recommended,236370,30128115,Posted: 23 February,all,adam_paragon,"bought the game years ago & absolutely loved it. however, it has died out and felt like its still very far from a final product after all of this time."
,Not Recommended,236370,20342100,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,zombi,It's been 3 years and the devs still have not released a polished coop component.
76561198077027337,Recommended,236370,13343477,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sentience,"I don't think I've ever been quite so worried by the sound of clanking metal.Some games are dark, but you can just make out the world. This game is pitch black in most of its single player modes, so without your torch, you can't see anything. And that torch attracts attention (well it really doesn't seem to make a lot of difference but it's nice to pretend).Slowly improving since it began a few years back, this game has turned out pretty solid, but still has a long way to go. I'm going to stick around to see were exactly that is.10/10 would get pimp slapped by a robot again."
,Not Recommended,236370,17446410,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,KOS-Amythegreat,"Written on 08/08/2015I previously wrote a lengthy review as to why I wouldn't recommend this game any more (I had a Recommended review up before that which I didn't take down for a good while after I couldn't really recommend it any more), except Steam didn't want me to post it even after hacking massive chunks out of it to make it under the supposed character limit for Steam reviews that I found mentioned somewhere after googling it (many people write reviews over that count so it can't be right) and planning to paste those sections in the comments. I didn't feel I could remove any more and still have the main points in the actual review and covered well enough to say most of what I wanted to say, so I decided to leave it for the time being. I might upload it elsewhere and link it here at some point.In essence, I'd stated that while I wouldn't recommend it any more for multiple reasons, it was still a game people could potentially enjoy at least for a while before coming to the same conclusion as me and no longer enjoying / recommending it, and also a game that people could possibly be happy with from purchase up until it's completion (if it's completed). They focus too much on adding things and too little on keeping what they already have in a playable / enjoyable state. Too much on drawing people in with additions to make it look like they're making progress and too little on fixing the ever increasing number of bugs and making sure those additions are in a good enough state to feel like they add to the game, rather than detract from enjoyment. Too much on drawing in new players and too little on retaining those they already have.Now I feel I would not recommend it in the slightest, not even to those who look at the store page and recent gameplay and think “this looks like my sort of game!” because I don't know what the heck the devs are doing but I don't care for it.I have the following to keep things short (at least in this review..), however, to see some of my reasons for not recommending this game there'll be a fair bit of reading involved, and I can't guarantee that by the time you check these links out the threads won't be deleted. Just know that despite my hours I would most definitely no longer recommend this game.http://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/541907867777620602/The two previous (now locked) threads:http://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/541907867768186035/- The original and first to be locked.http://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/541907867769392545/- The second and second to be locked.http://imgur.com/PaBEvnLThe community manager handed over the discussion moderation to the other community manager. In the same hour after this, a community manager (pretty sure I know who) banned Domina permanently from the Interstellar Marines discussions with no reason stated after they had spoken out about the worrisome mishandling of the community."
,Not Recommended,236370,24852976,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,tkcmdr,"Interstellar Marines has been one of the most entertaining games I have played, despite the fact that I am not a huge fan of the FPS genre. Zero Point Software's vision of creating a Sci-Fi tactical shooter is incredibly impressive, as is their work on the game so far. The game is highly detailed, incredibly immersive (in fact, it can be quite terrifying at times for that very reason,) and its multiplayer experience is actually pretty good as well. In order for your team to succeed in PvP, for example, you must work with your team to be successful; trying to be a hero and throwing yourself in the middle of dense firefights invariably gets you killed, and denies your team an otherwise valuable asset. Co-op is also quite interesting as well, and provides a formidable challenge in its own right. Playing the game on your own is not quite as enjoyable as playing with others, but do bear in mind this game is meant to be a multiplayer experience, rather than a campaign-based shooter.Interstellar Marines, in my opinion, is an excellent game as it is. It does, however, suffer from a nagging problem that many early access games suffer today -- it has been, and still is, largely in its infancy after many years of development. The ZPS team is small and incredibly limited -- anyone who has been paying attention to their development knows this. It is for this reason I urge people to cut this team some slack. However, I also believe the way ZPS went about marketing this game was not smart. If I could give a piece of advice to ZPS, and I say this as a hobbyist developer, it is this:Do not publish your game on Steam, even on early access, until you have achieved your game's primary goals. If this means keeping it off Steam for three years, so be it. You'll be able to focus on building your game as opposed to (expending resources better spent making a finished product) supporting an active community. Furthermore, Zero Point Software has lost hundreds, potentially thousands, of players over the years as people lost interest in a title they would otherwise be enjoying if it had been released as a finished product. By publishing this game to Steam before it was complete, Zero Point Software lost a large chunk of supporters.Am I suggesting taking IM off the shelf until it is complete? No. It is far too late to take IM off Steam, as it would upset the few people still enjoying the game. If this game were finished before being put on Steam, I have no doubt it would beat leasthalf as much a hit as TF2 for a good while.So, do I suggest purchasing this game? No.HOWEVER,if you appreciate the ZPS team's work and wish to see development continue, Ihighlyrecommend supporting these developers as they persue their goal of completing this game. Make donations, and to those who already own the game,pleaseprovide plenty of feedback. They have put a lot of effort into making what you see before you, and it would be a heartbreak to see this opportunity wasted. I hope it's not too late for this game to see a resurgence."
76561198064106555,Not Recommended,236370,30907494,Posted: 2 April,all,mrorange,"And we are still waiting for the sharks... extremly slow development of an eternal early access game. Save your money. Don't buy it, not even on sale. It's not worth it. Game will never be what developers promised. It is just a boring generic FPS with nothing new or interesting on the table."
,Not Recommended,236370,23554281,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Toxic,The devs are not active and they do not take this game seriously so why should you. Do not spend money on this.
76561198111150551,Not Recommended,236370,17874645,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,✪ Rook,Tick Tock. Time passes by and moss begins to grow.RIP........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
76561198090591159,Not Recommended,236370,23487872,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Omega Slav,"The concept for the game is great, and the gamplay mechanics, story, and atmosphere are all great too.However, the game has been in Early Access for a long time now, and little progress has been made.Until the game comes out, I don't recommend it just quite yet. Although I am confident when it does come out it will be pretty good."
76561198097358309,Not Recommended,236370,30141934,Posted: 24 February,all,DatDoomDude,"Another Game that could've potentially been a great Sci-Fi shooter has once again been thrown into the depths of the abyss. Its been 4 years since its release and it's not even half-way finished with what the devs promised. There is no community, there is no multiplayer, there is no hope. Only Despair, Only Destruction, Only the black void that is Early Access."
,Not Recommended,236370,22823660,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Nawnee,"I came for leapord-sharks,I stayed because Steam refunds didn't exist yet..."
,Recommended,236370,14256128,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SexGod42069,"Well after some help from fellow players I am safely able to change my review to Highly Recommended. The promise in this game is amazing and I believe this deserves many more people to recognise it. Because I'm lazy however I'll head straight to Pros and ConsPros:- Amazing Atmosphere. especially in gamemodes such as Elimination, The game combines slight horror with a tactical shooting experience the likes of which I haven't seen before. In most games, putting a powerful weapon into the hands of the protagonist will help ease the ""Spook Level"", In this game it doesn't. Especially with the volume turned up high, hearing a robots fast running footsteps getting closer and closer behind you is INCREDIBLY nerver racking and I love it- Shooting mechanics work very well, this game isn't another Spray'n'Pray FPS Shooter. It has a very balanced shooting system with amazing hitbox accuracy. It forces you to focus on your targets and make sure your bullets land, because if they dont you may just find yourself full of them.- Tacticality, the game makes you think about your actions. Going around a corner in the dark may only be a good idea 70% of the time, this game creates that decision of whether or not to turn your flashlight on. Need to go through a door? As soon as its open everything near you knows where you are so be ready.- Amazing FPS. As long as you don't have the bug (which can be easily fixed yourself) where the game will use integrated graphics instead of your graphics card, the game runs very smoothelyCons:- Multiple bugs, especially ones that have occured since the latest patch. However because this is early access this is to be expected- The devs don't update very often (or so I have heard). I feel like constant bug fixes are necessary for an early access game like this so I hope this improves- No option to host your own server to play with friends. You either play solo or join one of the servers availableOverall the game is very solid, it has a lot of potential and is already a very enjoyable game with friends or without them. However I haven't found a way to host a server yet, but if it is possible please tell me it would be greatly appreciated."
,Not Recommended,236370,23997171,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Maaxxx,"I bought this game on January 2014. I wanted to support the devs because I really liked the concept, but after 3 years is more or less the same.... I hope the game eventually gets finished, but untill then, I can`t recommend it."
76561198202184580,Not Recommended,236370,29535088,Posted: 27 January,all,SOAR_Cpl_Chuck,"Would have been an 8/10,ProsGreat GameVery ImersiveGreat AIGreat maps with LOADS of detailMissions are epicConsOnly 3 weaponsOnly two main types of enemiesCommunity is deadGame is in Development hell (Aka they ran outa money and now they can only really do bug fixes like once every five months)Multiplayer is deadIn short I want this game to be good, but it died too early in development for them to add anything of substance, so now there are four, maybe five or six missions, and with no multiplayer, you lose the blissfulness of the first few hours after only five hours."
,Recommended,236370,13213559,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,TheMasterBlaster™,"The basic problem with most of the negative reviews is almost all include very little playtime.This game gets better and better the more you play. It is not like Counter Strike but both games share this.The charging bots will sometimes scare the crap out of you. Sometimes they seem to come from nowhere.The sounds of them moving are also VERY eerie. It reminds me of hearing the face huggers slither around in one of the earlier Alien games. Occasionally you will hear someone whispering, “Help me”. Eek.Overall, the atmosphere of this game is wonderful.The game includes many types of gameplay even though it is early assess. Personally, I like the ones that are coop against AI.The game is tactical. If you wander off on your own, you will likely soon die.Being early access, the game is clearly not finished. The basic game does play well and is a blast in its current state. That said, there are issues. The game is not optimized well yet so lag can sometimes be an issue. There are not many on the servers but I have found if I join an empty one, others join. You can also play single-player but this game is not easy on your own.The Dev’s have a lot to get done before they can call this complete and they are a small group. I like buying this type of game in early access as it is a lot of fun when patches are released. For being early access, the game is a blast and I would highly recommend it if you like tactical shooters, especially coop ones."
,Recommended,236370,9644825,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Sdoots,"Early Access as hell, but what's here is enjoyable and has a lot of promise. Unlike some other Early Access games, Interstellar Marines has also been building on that promise, rather than tripping over itself constantly. It's got the best HUD in ages (A visor that actually reacts to the game world, with rain drops dripping down it, and damage eventually causing it to malfunction and no longer display friend or foe indicators. Hell, you can even open and close the visor if you want.), intense gunplay that Rainbow Six fans will instantly love, and, well, that's kind of it for now.As much fun as being paranoid, scanning around dark rooms, flipping your flashlight on for a second before turning it off again so you don't give yourself away can be, it's not going to keep you coming back for more time and time again when all that is here is a few maps, a few modes, and two guns. A complete lack of the main focus, co-op play, is also rather jarring.Still, if you need a Rainbow Six fix, this is already one of the best choices you can make. And while the updates aren't frequent, they've been consistently high quality. IM is a game to keep an eye on, if nothing else."
76561198040999842,Recommended,236370,20957234,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,got bush?,i got this game when i was 16...........now im 20. looks the same feels the same.
76561198040375997,Not Recommended,236370,17460884,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Cosmic Castaway A90,"There are already plenty of reviews out there talking about the game itself. Some would argue for a review that is all that matters. However for an Early Access title that has been in development for who knows how long, the developers are also on equal grounds to be judged. Perhaps things will get better in time, but as of right now Zero Point Software is not a developer I will support any longer. The way they have treated this community lately has been nothing but disgraceful and disrespectful. The video they released is thankfully being taken down, but that will never fix any issues regarding their treatment of the community. Here is a link to a thread from Reddit, which explains everything. I will also link the third thread regarding the subject that was created by me, since the other two threads were locked.http://imgur.com/gallery/cbR1Rhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/541907867777620602/ZPS's treatment of the community has been nothing but locking threads, making constant threats, permantley banning users, and not even hinting that they are taking anything I or any other member have put forward regarding not only the video but the treatment of their paying customers. They clearly don't care about feedback, and they clearly don't have the foresight or basic common sense to think about their actions before they make them. I tried to be as civil and respectful as possible, and they have yet to answer the points and reasoning I put forth explaining why members were upset, and why the video was not a good idea to begin with. I will never get a response, and it is also clear they could care less. Until this developer proves it can be mature and understanding, you should not entrust them with completing a game such as this. The image for Interstellar Marines was a beautiful one, and after all these years they have barely anything to show for it, aside from their harrassment of customers who bought their game out of support and trust. They have lost my support and have broken everyone's trust. Maybe when they begin to take some responsibility for their actions there could be hope, but I am doubtful and will no longer try to provide feedback. They had their chance to prove themselves apart from the usual EA dev. They failed not only themselves, but their community. As such I can not recommend the game for the shape it's currently in, or the prospect that it will ever be what it could have been."
76561198032074657,Not Recommended,236370,22171736,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BigBenBoulevard,"There should be a limit to how long a game can sit in early access.Edit: I mostly wrote this review as a quick review to just express my opinion. This now being the top review, I feel that I should elaborate.I bought into this game very early. I'm not sure why it shows my game time as little as it does, as I played this game for proabably around ~30 hours or so. I have periodically tried this game, hoping for some significant changes to it, but it really feels like the same game it was 3-4 years ago. Sure there have been some cosmetic changes, and it is a very beautiful gtame now, but it took them over a year to even add another gun to it, making for gameplay that got stale very quickly.At this point you can still enjoy this game with a friend. The co-op definitely has some fun left in it, but there are better co-op experiences elsewhere. If this game is finally completed and has a significant single-player or co-op campaign that is worth buying, then I will update my review. Until such time I just really can't recommend a game that has felt stagnant and doesn't seem to offer much hope of improvement.One of my major issue is that I bought into this game because it claimed it was going to be a role-playing fps, it even still claims they plan to impliment this feature. I was hoping for this game to offer a new and unique fps experience, and really believed in the devs vision. But when 3 years later and these elements are nowhere to be found, the game ends up just feeling like another bland fps, and there are plenty other, finished, fps's that are worth playing over this one. There just isn't currently anything that this game offers that you can't find elsewhere save for the cool helmet mechanic (which adds nothing to gameplay).I'm not claiming the devs stole my money, or even saying it's a bad design or crap game. I simply would not recommend this game that feels stagnant, has never implemented rpg elements, and does not have enough people playing, making it difficult to find a full server nearbyI am not directly faulting the devs either. I understand that bad things happen even to good, well-meaning devs with a good vision. This game may still have hope, and could end up being amazing. But in the end, this is a review, and overall I would not recommend this game in the state that it is in. I just feel that currently I would not recommend to my friends for them to buy this game. That's my general gauge for a thumbs-up or down, would I tell my friend to buy this game? If in the future if it is finally at least close to the final vision I will absolutely update my review."
,Not Recommended,236370,31521579,Posted: 3 May,all,Dark Demise,"Found this game in my steam library, thought oh cool I wonder what they've done?Nothing.. stuck in early acces hell."
,Recommended,236370,20783106,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"Interstellar Marines is an old school tactical FPS games in a wonderful dark SCI-FI world with a realistic combat system.It's still Early Access and a small Team's working on but since the beginning i enjoyed more than 350 hours of gameplay.You can play 2 big maps in Singleplayer or 4-Player Coop: Starcrown Aerospace (infiltrate a fortress on a planet) and the Neurogen Incident (big cargo environment and science labs in space).3 types of Challenges: Survival, Elimination or Escape you can play alone or in Coop.And the PVP mode Deadlock with a few maps for example Dynacore, Stronghold and Evacuation where you have to take points and hold'em as team. A round end's, after your team took all points or eliminated the whole opposing team. Every week there are community gatherings for EU and US where you can play with Dev's and IM-Progamer from different clans, to have a nice talk in the chat or in teamspeak. At christmas they add a funny Terminator PVP mode where one player is totally overpowered with a special-damage weapon and armour so you have to take the T-IM101 down as team or you die several times :)And the great Wargame (Hellweek) PVP Arena within 8 completely different maps (on the moon surface, in the jungle, mountains, wetlands, industrial environment and more) where you have to fight against bots and other players, collect weapons and ammo, points and marked air drops. You can play alone or teamup with other players in wargames, but after one hour the team or the first four player with the highest points will win and the round is over ,then you have to wait a few minutes until the next wargame-arena event starts. The enemys in Interstellar Marines are two kind of robots, a runner (weapon: fist) and a gunner. But there will come more, i wait hard for the alien race: the landsharks. Your equipment: 3 different weapons: SMG, AR and a pistol all with flashlight, laser and silencer (pistol without silencer) and skins for your suit and weapons, i hope a shotgun and something like a knife will come too also more types of enemys and a few animals in the environment would be perfect for the atmosphere i guess (jumpscares). But what i really love in IM ... the atmosphere, the day/night cyclus and changing weather, exhaustion system... unique. The price is definitely worth it.If i have one word for Interstellar marines: Intense."
,Recommended,236370,16871271,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Blade Cairan,"A decent indie game that, for the most part, provides excellent co-op and single player game play with a little extra multiplayer on the side that is also a great time-waster. I do recommend it only because I'd like to see this game grow & expand. Unfortunately, it's an early access game. I normally do not like early access games, especially since most of them seem to not progress any further. However, despite the extremely slow development this game has been getting, it's on a steady course to becoming a complete game somewhere down the road. I already enjoy this game as is, and imagining it in it's complete stage years from now as a tactical shooter in a realistic sci-fi future excites me.The community is fairly small and unless you've got a few friends to play with you're likely going to spend most of your time here in early access fooling around in single player fighting robots in a supposed ""training simulation"" as candidates for the Interstellar Marine program as we await the story to develop. There are two campaign missions plus two maps that host a terrorist hunt style mode, an escape mode, and a gauntlet mode of sorts. The multiplayer is what you would expect in a tactical FPS. There are some frame rate issues I've noticed.All in all, if you got some money to spend and are looking to waste some time alone or with freinds, I'd definately recommend checking this out."
,Recommended,236370,13779673,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,NightMorph,"-Recommended Title-Interstellar Marines is a good honest, great looking, grunty (great performer) early access, FPS game. Plenty of tactical elements and challenges to keep this ol boys pacermaker functioning. Graphics are fluid and clean - along with the ""I no complain"" sounds....I'm immersed immediately into the futuristic setting where I am god with a gun. Fear me.At 13.5 hours of gameplay, Im still loving the game, and no complaints. Don't tell the old sod down the local dairy (convenience store), cause, I complain at him all the time.This game does need some sort of sync tool for pacemakers, otherwise, a two thumbs up from me.Early Access Score: 9.0/10"
,Not Recommended,236370,28766609,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,-Lt. Pugsley-,"Make the game a free trial for a week, you NEED publicity. You don't have funds and your team is breaking up. Please, continue this game."
76561198027425538,Recommended,236370,13346957,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Knight of Ni,Best alternative to laxatives on the market...
,Not Recommended,236370,33154092,Posted: 2 July,all,Octavarium,A game with promise that's been abandoned in early access.
,Recommended,236370,22815901,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Toyota Dealership,"I bought this for myself a while ago. It's that game you buy, forget about for a few months, play it all day one day, then forget about it for another month. Each time I log in there's a new update, but there's still a lack of content. Don't get me wrong, this is a very etnertaining tactical FPS and it's fun. It just seems...empty. I'll keep this as a thumbs up as long as the regualr updates keep rolling in."
76561198019112263,Not Recommended,236370,20674442,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TAMPLIER,This game is dead as my faith in her.
,Not Recommended,236370,11810188,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Guardian,"I REALLY like this game. I love the atmosphere, the play style, the little features like the helmet visor, and the gameplay. Everytime I launch it and join a server, I have a blast. If of course, there are enough people online.So why is this review negative?I support this concept. A more tactical approach to FPS shooters is a great approach, AND it's the only Sci-Fi shooter (besides the Halo series) that I like. But here is the underlying problem at its core. This game has made little progress in recent years.At its current state, the game looks like a very early access game. Of course, the steam page supports this. However, the game has been out for a couple of years now. It has not significantly improved since the launch.Should you buy it? If you have patience. The developer is struggling to keep its footing. They haven't released any updates in months (Aug 2014).I wouldn't recommend it until more content is released. Let the developers figure out what to do before you support them.Current state 8/10 (Don't buy until the game gets out of this ""Early Access"" stage)"
,Recommended,236370,13409866,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Primary,"SEE EDIT BELOWFor the love of the game, indeed.The Dev's at Zero-Point have done a great job with updates on this game and you can tell they really are making a game where they not only consider their own input, but their community's as well.When I first picked up the game, I enjoyed playing against others with nothing but just the basic SMG at a time when crouching (or jumping, I forget) wasn't even in the game, not to mention AI or actual co-op other than the Deadlock game mode.I stopped playing for a couple months and came back to find a second rifle, a fully functioning AI system that utilizes one of the two firearms and another type for melee, not to mention six co-op missions, eight maps each with its own dynamic weather and it's safe to say I was pretty blown away.The AI is fun to play with, especially on co-op, and with their ability to register light and sound they fully react to your every move and it doesn't help that they can be clever little robo-♥♥♥♥♥es sneaking up behind you and sprinting at you with a robotic screech whichwillstartle you when you least expect it. The addition of suppressors for both firearms is great because this not only affects online play with players, but also the robots.So yeah, you can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and send all the robots a'runnin' to you and your squad. Community is friendly, helpful, and lively enough. Go on any day of the week at pretty much any time and sure enough there will be at least a couple of servers with players in them.(Edit, 3/21/2017)Well, I bought this nearly four years ago, Jan. 1st 2014 and it's been a good run. Unfortunately Hicks seems to be left completely alone on this game and realistically there's no way it'll ever be finished. I had a great time with the game and even now I just got done playing War Games with a few people, cheers Bleed Out.For old time sake I will keep recommending it.Fun fact: this was the 23rd game on my account."
,Recommended,236370,22919189,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,pokefan548,"It's pretty freaking good. Development is slow and stunted, and there are some issues (Lots of sharp-cornered hitboxes on sloped corners, etc...), but all in all, it's not that bad. It feels like the orgy of ARMA, old-school Rainbow Six, Starship Troopers, and even a little Counter-Strike. Yes, it has a learning curve. Yes, it can be a bit repetetive. Yes the AI detection is inconsistent. Still, somehow, I always get sucked back in with a hankering for another mission or two."
,Recommended,236370,34364970,Posted: 19 August,all,Finkle Panfe,"Honest review from someone who has waited years for this game to develop.It has been a few years since I bought the game and I thought it would be further along by now. The community is pretty much nonexistant, the game itself has quite a few bugs and from what I can tell, there are only 3 guns. BUT...For 10 bucks you still get:-a few solo or co op missions vs AI robots-pvp if you can find people-a decent base game that hopefully will continue to be worked on-The game itself is good looking. Decent HUD, interesting mask feature, the levels are well made (pathing on stairs is a bit rough though)-The AI can get stuck (pathing) but overall it isn't a bad AI. I have played against better AI but also way way worse than this.-the silencer actually seems to make a difference to the AI unlike other games (I love the rainbow6 games but silencers did nothing)-great atmosphere. A lot of work was put into weather and lighting. Can actually be really creepy to walk through big complexes with dark rooms and flashing lights with crazy robots trying to kill you.This is not a finished or polished game by any means and it seems like the crew is down to just one guy so it may not get much farther than it is right now. BUT it can still be fun with friends or solo for some terrorist hunt matches from time to time. It has a lot of promise but we may never see it finished"
76561198054073380,Not Recommended,236370,18271064,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,EagleAtlas,"This game is honestly a disgrace. I have owned this game since 2013. They have made little to no progress with it. The only noticeable change is the fact that they recently added a new gun. A SINGLE GUN! The game has 3 count them. 3 guns. With so much potential I'm wondering what the devs have been doing since they started working on this game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! At this point the developers have made enough money off of this beautiful piece of crap. That is exactly what it is. It works, it's beautiful, it's interesting, but there is barely any content in it. The most fun I had with it was messing with my friend and telling him to press K to kill himself. The lack of overall effort in this game is unacceptable. The concept is awesome. The mechanics are interesting and I'd love to see them work in a full game. But at this point the game is barley finished and it has been YEARS! This game started development FAR before it was even put to the store. I want to say that it was first announced in 2006 (don't quote me on that). Until this game gets finished in 20 years don't waste your time and money."
,Recommended,236370,14748061,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,YoungSun19,"Honestly one of the best tactical games ive ever played. if you like great graphics, shooters, realististic lighting and levelution, definetly pick this game up....Like seriously this game is boss...For a better review check out this link to MWNs video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjDTwgZVdWgUpdate*****The game has lost its touch. If you think you can put hope into this game then buy it at a discounted price, not worth $20 for dead servers."
,Not Recommended,236370,18572295,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mercurial,"I'd love to recommend this game.  It shows much promise as a cooperative sci-fi tactical shooter.Unfortunately, the developers have seemingly directed all resources toward the game's versus modes.  While the versus isn't bad by any means, other games (Insurgency) do it better.  The last six months or so have been dedicated to a versus mode they call ""Hell Week"", that as far as I can tell, nobody asked for and the majority didn't/doesn't want.These devs had a lot of cool ideas that they have thrown to the wayside.  At this rate, Star Citizen will be out before this game's dead on arrival campaign.  Unless they shift gears again, save your money.Edit as of August 2016: The devs are now trying to sell out, and can't even do that properly.  This game is a dead, shambling corpse that has been lining the wallets of a seemingly 100% inactive dev team.  For the love of the game, DO NOT BUY IT."
,Recommended,236370,16145444,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Roku Necrosis,"Realistic, immersive - and humbling.   You are vunlerable - and you feel it.   Outstanding attention to detail.   Dev team is holding to the highest standards and they obviously are not interested in compromise for the sake of going to market.This developer should be invested in.   They are doing it right."
76561198175792126,Recommended,236370,14167452,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Art Vandelay,"Hello Art Vandelay here, I bought this game not knowing what to think, 20$ is a lot of money for a game you never play. Well let's get to the review, the game is in early alpha and will get a lot of features in the future. I for one am really happy with the in-game mechanics, things like lense flare and the option to take of your interactive mask make it all the more exiting.Before i bought the game i thought it would be a Action Adventure game set in space, I could not be more wrong. the CO-OP games have some of the best horror elements added to a game since... well ever. I am not pleased to say that the multiplayer is finished, i was able to find a dedicated server but the only gamemode you can play right now involves a spawn time that is well over a minute.Overall i was really happy with my purchase of Interstellar Marines, the 2 guns that you can choose from are well balanced and have a good feel to it, i noticed the in-game community is very friendly and helpfull. The devs are really good to, they update the game on a weekly basis.9 out of 10: Would pay the double amount for a game like this, it was worth every penny.!!!"
,Not Recommended,236370,19112284,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,AidenDemon,"I know this game is on active developing. There's not enough financing, but why so slow? 3 types of weapons, no melee, one type of AI enemy and not much options to play. After 4 years (or more, not sure) we got jumping, new SMG model, AR and ""pistol"", Hell Week and couple of levels.I understand it's small team with limited finances, but really, before to bring more gameplay content, just give us more weapons to use full combat experience. 4 years of crude shooter mechanics and nothing more.Anyway, it's EARLY ACCESS game, you paying for it because you want to support developers. If you seeking for play, do not wait from this one anything genious! Pay if you really interest on this, in other case just pass by."
76561197980195960,Not Recommended,236370,17274697,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Piphan,"First and foremost, the number of people playing this game is what hurts it the most. You'll struggle to find a server to play on or anyone to play with.Second, it's really hardcore. I'm not at all sure why they show these marines wearing heaps of armor when it clearly doesn't do much for them. The game is ""realistic,"" meaning you drop the moment you're shot.Combine these two things, and here's what you get:Very few chances to play with others, and when you do, you die the instant you run into them in the game.I'm sure if you invest hours upon hours, you'll eventually get to the point where you don't consistently die the moment you run into somebody else, and soon you'll dominate a little ant hill nobody elsee comes to. If that's your idea of fun, then by all means. Throw your money at this.Otherwise, it's hard to recommend. The game is beautiful, the setting is neat, and I love the concept. It's just no ♥♥♥♥ing fun to play. Everyone is made of glass, the game is buggy (early access, so expected), and I don't really see a light at the end of the tunnel for dealing with all of that."
,Not Recommended,236370,30471595,Posted: 12 March,all,N E A R H A N,"Before we begin, let's go back. Like, 9 years back. 2008 back. I was a secondary school boy. I was still playing stuff like Blackshot and Soldier Front back when they were still popular. I  played Fallout 3 that year as well. So me being an FPS guy I somehow stumbled upon a demo of this game. Don't remember how though. It was using the Unity engine, and ran on a browser. I think Unity was still new back then, or at least unheard of by me. But a full 3D game with that kind of graphics on a BROWSER? Boy was my mind blown. It looked so good back then. Gameplay wise it was pretty solid too, with nice HUD and shooting elements. Granted it only had a shooting range with target challenges as far as I recall, but it was good enough for me. I was hyped. I wanted to see how the idea would expand. How they would incorporate the shark-like creatures that they showed off (somewhere...).Fast forward to...2014. I finally bought the game. And I finally got around to getting myself on Steam. I played it a bit. And somehow...I was underwhelmed. It's like they sat around on their asses for 6 years and did jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where's the alien sharks? Ok, cool there's A.I. robots and a bit of multiplayer. Nice and all. But...nothing else? Yeesh. I stashed it aside. Maybe it'll get better.Fast forward again...to 2016. Booted it up. Been nearly two years since I tried it out. Maybe they added something cool. They did. I guess. A confusing scavenging mode spanning multiple levels and ridiculous A.I. bots, and more robot levels I guess? But where's that ALIEN SHARK? Did I miss a memo? Should I go off and sift through info online for a game I lost interest? No.To be honest the game's development cycle seems...tragic. Being stuck in this limbo for so long means that all investor interest probably died (along with anyone's interest probably). So...What happens now? It's been 9 years. Far too long. And I haven't touched upon the core gameplay. Here goes...I guess...- Generic FPS shoot-em-up gameplay. Move, shoot, aim down sights. Sprint. Crouch.- Cool visor that you can lift up mechanic thingy. Removes HUD. Clearer view I guess.- Weapon option mod thingy. Remove silencers! Turn on lasers! Blind others' with your light! That's all.That's about it. To be honest I have no interest of writing this game. That...died out 9 years ago.TL;DR game's stuck in a developmental limbo, and devs can't be ♥♥♥♥ed to push out anything soon enough. There's no incentive for them to do so. Sadly. A good idea...gone."
,Not Recommended,236370,26492912,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dr Platypus,"Rest in peace, Interstellar Marines."
,Not Recommended,236370,20094593,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crystal Pepsi,"I've had it for over a year now and I still haven't received any major updates for this game. Aside from all the features that are promised to be added (which may never actually be added), Interstellar Marines is pretty much a generic first person shooter. Save your money until a real update is released, folks."
,Not Recommended,236370,31574756,Posted: 6 May,all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"Steam needs to take this off the market if it continutes to not follow through on what it said it would do NEARLY FOUR YEARS AGO. A game that's been an ""Early Access"" but has virtually no progress is not a good thing. I understand they may not have made enough money to continue development however that isn't the consumers fault (It's not the consumers fault in terms of them not adding features promised or shown). The game has/had potential but with a small small community I don't see this game ever getting out of the trenchs that it's in."
,Not Recommended,236370,16533618,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dor Min,"This so far is an enjoyable game in the early stages of development. The depressing part is that in the TWO YEARS it's been in Early Access on Steam, it hasn't progressed past the early stages of development. There are two maps of a solo/co-op campaign, a few other solo/co-op gamemodes and (in my admittedly limited experience) a bit of lackluster PvP. Do not buy this game if you are expecting it to be a finished product any time soon. If you are ok with playing for a few hours every several months when there is new content to play, you might enjoy this game. For very brief periods."
,Not Recommended,236370,22413714,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,henry,No progress after years of development.No faith in devs.This game is stuck on my Steam Library oh god.
,Not Recommended,236370,30216846,Posted: 27 February,all,Sirozha,"I got this game from steamgifts two or three years ago. I remember playing it then and thinking how much potential it has. So I decided to play it in 2017 and was very disappointed. The gameplay didn't change at all. Though they added a new gamemode like co-op/singleplayer missions in whih you have to fight off hordes of stupid AI robots. Actally, that's the only gamemode you can play, because the multiplayer is dead now. There are like 5 or 6 weapons in this game and they don't feel different from each other. Maps are small and the buildings are small gray boxes, just what you would expect from Unity3d game.Pros:-You might have some fun if you're playing co-op missions with friends-Immersion(you can see your feet and your helmet visor can be damaged)-The graphics are good for 2013Cons:-Maps are boring-Few weapons-Not much variety in gameplay-Dead multiplayer-Development hellIn short:The game has potential, but I don't recommend buying it in this state. There are absolutely no guarantees that it will ever be completed."
76561198045473144,Not Recommended,236370,25685431,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ninjaman,"I bought this game 2 years ago, there have been virtually NO real updates to the content of the game at all in that time. I bought the 4 pack of the game and really, I've been ripped off royally.Not only has the development died, the studio has also flat out lied in it's early marketing promising new additions that have never come. If you are expecting to be a Space Marine, breaching and clearing ships or stations, don't expect that at all. You will be fighting underground in a training facility against a dead player base or robots.Do not spend your money on this scam, if not a scam then a massive mismanagement of time and resources that have lead to literally no real content updates in 2 years.0/10"
76561198040079165,Not Recommended,236370,26014635,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Spacekiller,DEAD! DEAD!! DEAD!!! F U DEVS!!!!
,Not Recommended,236370,17842636,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ñ!тЭя1Ĉβ$,"Early Access so is a work in progress but I doubt there will be any further progression since it's been a long time in the making. Single player is a mess and lackluster, as for multiplayer, I did have some fun with it but that was when there was some activity, now there's not a soul in site. Game had potential but unless there is a lot more progress into making this a decent finished game not worth buying since there is no multiplayer activity anymore so nothing left to do but play with yourself.. if your into that then fap away ;)"
76561197960277727,Not Recommended,236370,32751467,Posted: 24 June,all,Husker,Game has been pretty much dead from the get go. Devs have given up and are no longer updating the game. Do not buy.
,Recommended,236370,14052833,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,RobGamez,"I love this game. Its a nice solid shooter base, with incredible immersion. The atmosphere that the game creates in the basic stealth missions turns it into a slight horror game! The training bots that the Singleplayer puts you up against, make some really nice sounds which makes it easy to tell where they are; but this just makes the stealth more tense! I play quite a lot of horror games, and this was making me jump on a regular basis. There is nothing ""Scary"" about the game. Its a standard FPS. But the atmosphere that the game makes caused me to get rather scared just walking around the stealth mission!Most definatley reccomended. Fast paced FPS, great engine, runs well (Maxed on GTX 780 getting 160FPS Avg)I see this becoming a very popular FPS. Cant wait for more modes and features!!!"
,Not Recommended,236370,17857071,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,General Black,"Much like going into a Marvel movie to then find out it was directed by Adam Sandler. So to did this game first capture and fuel my imagination and love of the sci-fi fps, then slowly rob me of any desire to be part of a community that was saturated with trolls and elitists. Yet another game that fell by the wayside because the developers lost their way. Ai Sara/Land Sharks = 2/10"
,Recommended,236370,8161670,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Xeno-Fire,"I think this is a must-buy game for anyone who likes teamwork in a first-person shooter game.Interstellar Marines has a lot of feature I have never seen in any other FPS before, like changing weather patterns, lighting, and even near-total darkness in a single map, changing between various settings.  This game keeps you on your toes, and gets my heart-racing with intense king of the hill combat.Edit as of 2016I'm still playing the game, so that probably says something.Since my initial review they've added crouching, and jumping; as well as two new weapons, three new game-modes, co-op and singleplayer missions.  The communtiy is still one of the best I've ever been a part of, and the gameplay is still fun, and enjoyable.I've probably bought 20 or 25 copies of this game for friends of mine over the past two years.  As of now, the Dev team has shrunk a lot, and they're looking for a publisher before they start doing any major updates; but if you're fine with just a smei-competetive shooter, and some neat co-op on the side with a fun community, you're $10 will be well spent.I've gotten over 250 hours of enjoyment (and counting) out of my $10; that's a pretty good return if you ask me, since it took less then an hour for me to make that $10...Every purchase helps this company, ZPS, continue pushing forward to creating and polishing up an amazing game, and if you're okay with mostly multiplayer now, and are hopful for more in the future; I'd highly reccomend picking this one up."
76561198053113282,Not Recommended,236370,23242888,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Finnway,"Game is atmospheric and fun, but there isn't enough content to justify buying it, and the rate of updates is far too damn slow.What Steam doesn't tell you is this game has actually been in development since 2009. It's literally been in development hell for 7 years.Basically, it's trying to be Rainbow 6 in space with a Mass Effect esque single-player campaign added in. To be honest, I don't see how the finished product will be anything more than a dumbed down version of Star Citizen's single-player campaign. Sadly, Star Citizen's single-player will probably come out before this game does - even if Interstellar Marines does find an investor to help with funding."
76561198046052145,Recommended,236370,35098129,Posted: 20 September,all,SteelDragon45,"Good game with a small community. The Devs are working on the game, but there are only a few at the moment. Progress is very slow but it is happening. For $9.99 it isn't bad, if it goes on sale snag it.Note: This game only has three weapons right now, a couple carbines and a rifle (of sorts)"
,Recommended,236370,14069579,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TORTUGA,What this game has:- Intense-scary Single player / Co-op- Very nicely designed levels and graphics- Very smooth and realistic* sounds and gameplayWhat this game lacks:- FPS for lower end graphics cards.*what are aliens REALLY like? .. This game.
,Not Recommended,236370,24683021,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kesslan,"Bought it when it was first announced because it looked like it would be a cool game. All these years later the most I had to show for it were some somewhat buggy AIs, a couple of guns and limited maps. Basically I gambled on it having the potential to be a really good game in a cool setting, and lost on both counts."
,Not Recommended,236370,26057904,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Zevros,"Now, don't get me wrong, I love this game. It's a lot of fun and is VERY polished, but it has no features. There are only a few people on at any time and you can't really play nything that isn't coop anymore. Sad tidings"
,Recommended,236370,24761920,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lord of The odoR,"Ok, the entire reason this game has negative reviews is because development has been slow. That's it. The devs are incredibly undermanned.The devs have however stuck to the game (unlike a lot of early-access games) and have been (at time of writing) talking about getting support from a publisher. So hopefully the development will speed up soon.That said, it's a glorious game with amazing promise. The current open-world survival-ish gamemode is pure gold. The pvp is lacking, but it DOES advertise itslef as a mainly coop game so whatevs."
76561197968027080,Not Recommended,236370,18178163,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BloodHound,feels like a mod more then a game worth 15$... maybe start listening to the community and working harder on this game if you wanna sell it. oh your muiltyplay is dead 5-6 servers maybe on a good time. might wanna fix that. i will not recomend this game as it current state.
76561198038047199,Not Recommended,236370,22034659,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jaster,"With the time there taking with development, I will probably have died of old age when it gets released.Maybe my grandchildren will be able to play it..."
,Recommended,236370,12703736,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,schlorgan,It's all a lie! This isn't a tactical shooter! These freakin' robots make it a horror game!
,Recommended,236370,12606132,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kaniche_DawG,This awkward moment you realize an alpha is way more fun and realistic than any ghost recon game....
,Not Recommended,236370,28605848,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Nice Hat,"In its' current state, this game is not very good at all. Originally it was to be a very ambitious tactical sci-fi shooter; with dynamic VoIP acoustics, customisable weapons, and different character classes. Currently, there is none of that, unless you count attaching a silencer as customisation.There is currently a short threadbare campaign available that consists of three missions on three different maps, not counting the tutorial. These all feel very similar and do not help demonstrate the game's ""tactical"" gameplay, as it is very simple to run-and-gun as the enemies are not very bright and infinite ammo is available.The saddest part is that it could have been better, had it had more funding. In promotional material, and partially in the game, characters are able to remove their helmet to talk clearer and to see easier. When your visor is down, it is almost similar to Metroid Prime or Star Wars: Republic Commando, with raindrops and sunlight glare obscuring your vision when it is down. In promotional material, this was also shown to change the sound of your voice, with your voice being more muffled when the visor is down, and clearer when the visor is up. Unfortunately, this feature is not available in the game and probably never will be.To sum it up, let me recount an experience whilst poking around the game. If you clip inside the player character's helmet, you will find a fully modelled, but untextured face. It looks ready to be used, but unfortunately never is. This sums up the game, potential is there, but the game itself is incomplete.Rip in pepperoni"
76561198011694088,Not Recommended,236370,25492974,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[DBH]*DeathKill*,"It sounded great, had great concepts and features and the co-op and missions sounded amazing. I followed the game and the videos and website before it even went to Kickstarter, it's received plenty of funding and support, years of early access and is still no where near what was expected. It's been out on Steam since 2013 and the progress really is dissapointing. I had high hopes but they keep dragging it along and giving false hope. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this game. Shoot some robotic dolls and other people with some decent graphics. Many free-to-play sci-fi/tactical/FPS surpasses this."
76561198206111868,Not Recommended,236370,31133365,Posted: 14 April,all,Socrates,"i wasted my money on the four pack thinking that me and my friends can have some fun shooting robots as badass marines, but it turns out that you can't host your own servers and all the other servers are either in america or europe [if you havent guessed already, i am not from either of those two places] the servers are  lucky to have 3 people on worldwide but only one of them will be playing.in other words, don't buy this game it is just a waste of money. it has been in early access for four years and nothing has been done to it.2/10"
,Recommended,236370,13101243,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TuVok Shakur,This game made robots scary.
76561198059217454,Not Recommended,236370,19244922,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Uncle Tom's Cabin,"I bought into this game wowed by the developers' crazy concept of creating a new universe populated by man eating sharks with legs. Though it said Early Access, I brushed it off, thinking the game would be completed by a year, two years maximum.It's been over three years and the only things added are a base AI, three types of guns, jumping, and sprinting. Other than that, all this is is just a very crude, very base FPS that feels like it's been left to rot on the table.I understand the dev team is undergoing some troubles, but why are the updates so far and few between? At most, this is just a tech-demo with ""missions"" slapped onto it.Unless you plan to buy this just to help out the dev team, don't bother with this ""game"". This is light-years from being finished."
76561197987935809,Not Recommended,236370,16286025,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SurferDevo,"This is by far the biggest mistake of a purchase i have ever made in my life. I bought the spearhead edition thinking maybe i could contribute to the designers of this game that originally looked really good.PROS-The gfx, sounds and atmosphere is really nice-Has a pretty good concept(lots of potential)CONS- Forever in early access- Lack of Everything (only 2 guns, litterally 1 or 2 playable online rooms..)- The content that is available is very bland and repetative.- I have a lot of problems with the controlls bugging out and not being able to move at times.The Devs are extremely defensive about complaints and dont want to hear anybodys♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of taking it as constructive critisism.  For how long this game has been in development, its really not going anywhere and seems like it just stopped and is completely deserted. I am trying my hardest to see if steam can refund this for me. Its infact so bad that i didnt give any friend my FREE copy of the game."
76561198050629447,Not Recommended,236370,18233514,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Savilahden Erakko,Progress too slow. Current development speed game status does not justify the high price tag. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,236370,24626331,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mr. Aristotle,"This game has been in the same early development stage for over three years now. What little that has been added is not nearly enough for me to give this game a good rating. To the developers, please either finish what you started or kill the game and produce something worth my time.This game has no rating out of 10 because it has yet to be (and probably never will be) finished."
76561198055154978,Recommended,236370,13088885,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Laughing Man,"The atmospherics are outstanding.I was an early adopter, being entirely sold by the pitch.   Initially I was a little dissapointed as there really wasn't much going on at all... though every few months I check back to see how the development process is getting along.  I'm very glad to say that each time I've looked, I see improvemnets.  I've absolute patience for this project and applaud the dev team for their vision.The latest update adds enough content to get a good feel for the combat, is fiendishly challenging, very playable and highly immersive.  Excited to see the final version with story, I get the feeling it's going to be great."
76561198126942118,Not Recommended,236370,17963169,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[TAW] MediocreAssassin,"December 25, 2046 Interstellar Marines finally comes out of early access! The full game will be offically released on June 22nd 2069! Aw sick! I really want a refund!Edit: 3/6/16, It's abandoned, haven't recieved a update since December 18th. ALMOST 3 MONTHS.Don't buy."
76561197970629433,Not Recommended,236370,26199276,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Potatonuts,No updates.
,Not Recommended,236370,18024979,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Barkie_Mailman,This game is still in Early access? I bought this like 2 years ago.....
,Recommended,236370,23083700,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,bloodshot49,"Yes they are slow with development but it really is a great game. The graphics are pretty good and gameplay is quite amazing and is VERY atmospheric with things like the day/night change even going completely dark in some cases, rain, and snow. There's fatigue and unsteady aim after sprinting, rain droplets and affects on your helmet. It's also pretty realistic on the realistic difficulty, a few hits and typically your dead or damn near it and so are the enemies(minus the bosses of course). With a few friends you can have a riot of a time so I can't not recommend it for $10. Especially if its ever on sale, snag this sucker."
,Not Recommended,236370,34541219,Posted: 27 August,all,PEENOOTZ,"over ambitious. i was naive to fall into this over ambitious early access game.it seemd so promissing but after waiting for so long you see it slowly falling apart.i really wanted this to be the one game that could reach its potential, unfortunately, its not the case."
,Recommended,236370,27805000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ozhara,"Bought this game before it came to steam.Hoped for the sp part to actually evolve.There was (slow) progress and new stuff was added over time.But the focus changed to mp and progress slowed down even more.I really like what is there (it actually works pretty fine) and what the game could have become.Right now, I can't recommend it unless you want to play with some friends and generate the fun yourself.With this limitation - wait for it beeing on sale or until there is some progress again - just so you know it's still actually worked on."
,Not Recommended,236370,23930087,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SURGE<>,Development of this pre-release game is exceptionally slow.  It should not even be available for purchase. It's half-baked.
,Not Recommended,236370,19365842,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Game promisses a lot of cool coop and character progression. Game promises great shooting mechanics and awesome gameplay. Game promisses... a lot. Currently game is a budget sci fi cod multiplayer. I have his game for around 2 or so years and since last time I played (around a year ago) only 1 mission was added... game promisses a lot of good stuff, but development is extremely slow. Think twice or more times before purchasing early access."
76561198115993273,Recommended,236370,35087253,Posted: 20 September,all,DarkCore,"So, I haven't written many reviews, but I have to for this one. This game is very close to my heart, I started playing it since alpha and It's been painful to see less and less players. Yes, the game development has pretty much halted, but that's because the company went bankrupt, their ideas for this game are nevertheless amazing, and with these wonderful game mechanics, I can definitely see this game becoming something greater. But cleary not right now. Their company needs funds , time, and new developers to work on this game again, and I truly hope, they will, one day be able to create a full release out for the world."
,Not Recommended,236370,22234986,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NERV,"RIP Interstellar marines. I had faith in you that this game would truly become something great, but the dream has died.And this is a prime example of why to be wary towards early access games, this game is probably never going to be finished at the rate it's development is going.FIN"
76561197980213553,Not Recommended,236370,34454244,Posted: 24 August,all,CrypticSilence,Game died. Its a shame because it had some cool mechanics.
76561197970938876,Not Recommended,236370,25827712,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,And_Raped_By_Hillary_Clinton,Still better than No Man's Sky
76561198048329995,Not Recommended,236370,17376665,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,erbx.ghis,"I paid $15 for this game over 2 years ago. I understand it was early access and I understand what that means. I regularly Alpha and Beta test games, so I expect glitches and such. But, THIS GAME?! Hell, it doesn't even have controller support yet! Over 2 years people! TWO YEARS! The updates are mostly a joke. Nothing worthwhile ever gets truly fixed. It just seems like the ""creators"" (and I use that term loosely) are more concerned about getting cash than they are about making this game work. TWO YEARS! And then some! WTF?!?! I'd rather have my 15 bucks than this crap. If only there was a refund option! Anyway, I HIGHLY reccomend you DON'T BUY THIS GAME.  The developers seem to have no vested intrest in completing it. They only seem to want your MONEY!"
,Recommended,236370,13745670,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kelso,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself on my first playthrough solo. Need More Underwear/10In all honesty the game is awesome. I have been eyeing this game for awhile, and I saw it on sale for $15. I told myself ""Now is my chance."" I am glad I purchased it. Its challenging, and it forces you to take things slow. The first mission I did took me just over an hour. I was playing solo though. The game could use some optimization or at least let me turn shadows off completely. I am in the Army and live in the barracks, so I don't really have room for my desktop. I am playing on a decent laptop. It can run BF3/BF4 on Ultra no problem. I get a steady 30-40fps (@1280x720) when inside buildings, but sometimes when I am outside  it drops to about 20-25. I honestly didn't care because I felt it added to the overall tension and anxiety. I can usually never handle below 30fps, but this game has just got me hooked.Rig Specs:Nvidia GT740m (Running 1280x720)i7 4700MQ @ 2.44GHz8GB DDR3 RAM"
,Recommended,236370,13915763,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Robots have taken over the base and executed other people, leaving the player and the player to support the troops.Player is to be, for example, to restore electricity and power supplies to the base in order to destroy their opponents, but the area is guarded by Terminaator with weaponry.The player must try to survive a life & make a tasks and use of the environment, as well as sneaking and, if necessary, to use the Community's support of troops that will be self-shot.Recommendations. :3FIN:Robotit ovat ottaneet vallan tukikohdassa ja teloittaneet muut ihmiset ja jäljelle jää pelaaja ja sen pelaaja tukijoukot.Pelaajan on tarkoitus esimerkiksi palauttaa sähköt ja voimalähteet tukikohtaan voidakseen tuhota vastustajansa, mutta alueella vartioi terminaatoreita, joilla on aseistusta.Pelaajan täytyy yrittää selvitä henkissä tehtävistä ja käyttää ympäristöä hyväksi sekä hiippailla ja tarvittaessa käyttää yhteisöpelaaja tukijoukkoja hyväksi ettei tule itse ammutuksi.Suositteluni. :3"
,Not Recommended,236370,29392996,Posted: 21 January,all,Twitch.tv/KidROFL,"I was very excited for this ambitious game when I purchased it in early access. I have sadly learned to be skeptical of early access games. This looks like another example of a great concept from an ambitious team that took on more than they could handle with Interstellar Marines. Very slow updates, if any, near zero player base. This looks like the skeleton of what was once a popular kickstarter like game in space. The sad thing is the game wasn't half bad, if the dev team really went back and turned it into something, it could have had a chance."
76561198022610808,Recommended,236370,8592781,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,-TEK- Lightning,"Before you buy this game, you must first realise that this is an alpha and is missing many of the features which they are working on for the final game. There is ONLY multiplayer and the 7 maps which you can look around/play in multiplayer.Having said that, this game is surprisingly polished for an alpha.. there is so much immersion, firing a weapon takes time to master and adds a good level of depth to the game. The weather changes on the maps, sometimes it goes pitch black or foggy which completely changes the tactics you use. Currently the game is also very balanced (due to there only being 1 weapon) so it feels satisfying to get good at the game knowing no one has an advantage.Some issues you need to be aware of: currently there is only 1 gun in the game and couple of game modes (team domination being the most used and the best), there are some issues with hit detection and lag *make sure you pick a server with low ping however even then you'll need to learn to lead the target a bit more etc* (also make sure you turn off smoothing in the options to help with this). They are fixing this but for now it's there. Also there is no crouching in the game, no leaning or anything like that.. I believe they want to add in these features.In conclusion, this is definatly an early alpha with many features missing... however I believe that the current strengths of the game (immersion, satisfying shooting and balanced multiplayer) make this 100% worth the asking price which will also help them continue development. Have a look at some more recent videos and make your judgement, it's changed a lot over the past month (december)."
,Recommended,236370,16152494,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BlouBulle,"Negative Comments are not 100% factual.MY RATING:Current Hours of fun gameplay: ~60hrs (enough MP maps to be fun for a while, a lot more coming)Graphics: 6.5/10Maps: 10/10Sound: 11/10Gameplay: 9/10 (think original Ghost Recon or Rainbow 6 type Gameplay mixed with a bit of Quake depending on the map)Gamemodes 6.5/10 (A major game mode is currently in development and single player still needs work)Yes the company went bankrupt, yes their are only two weapons however what people are saying just isn't factual.1) Multiplayer IS TONS fun, their is deathmatch, team dm, a mode where you respawn a friend by getting a kill and another mode that I can't remember. Their are also 1 or 2 COOP missions and a game mode where you fight against bots.Think CSGO but with better maps, the maps are very good and have bushes and grass to hide in, the maps change as the game goes on (day, night, snow, rain, mist etc.). Even from South Africa and a ping of 200+ I had a lot of fun (ping doesn't mean much if you can hide in a bush and shoot a guy from behind, hope the make a small RSA server... please? please!).2) Excellent community, none toxic people that report bugs and make jokes, 2nd to none.3) Okay Graphics (COD level I would say, not BF level but acceptable), yes the graphics still overuse resources but my old GTX 660 OC does fine on highest @ 1080 and a 750ti will also. No need for a $300+ GPU.4) Best sounds ever, even BF3 falls behind on sound.5) Cheap, <$20 for a game that gives a lot of value and fun.If you Like the good old shooters (like Rainbow 6 and Ghost Recon originals) this is for you, you do regain health as far as I remember but it is basically 1 shot 1 kill. Tactics like not capping a point and shooting guys as they try and cap it are a must, teams of two also help (usually I get shot and my friendly then cleans up the enemy, as I say my ping is bad).HOWEVER SOME OF THE CRITICAL POINTS ARE TRUE:1) Original backers will be sour that they have had to wait years, I don't blame them or the devs as the game simply didn't get enough support from the FPS crowd.2) 2 Guns only, this is fine as the gameplay is basically 2 body or 1 head shot however more weapons are about to be released soon from what I have heard.3) The game is early access and their are a few bugs (far less then some post releases) and A LOT of content is coming (not a bad thing is it?).JUST BUY IT, IT Won't GO BANKRUPT AGAIN IF PEOPLE SUPPORT IT AND IT IS A GREAT GAME!"
,Not Recommended,236370,16576002,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,♕ Xunie ♡ (ultra-widescreen),"Short review: don't get it, at all. Ever. ♥♥♥♥ these devs.Long review: If they work out the kinks and don't ♥♥♥♥ it up in the process? I still would not recommend this game because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥devs.As it stands right now? And has stood for awhilenow... (no updates, get it?)+ fun for about an hour or two+ water on your space helmet (lewd~)- Slow updates to the point where I think I'm scammed.- You can't host your own server (SERIOUSLY, WTF?!)- Joining is a pain, playing with your friends even more so, so why the hell buy that 4-pack anyways?- REAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode- No support for custom resolutions (Eyefinity/Surround/SoftTH? FORGET IT!)- Prides itself in being tactical, yetno leaning!- Regenerative health ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t- Barely any content- Same old gamemode- Unity- way too easyI kid you not, after 90 minutes? I was able to beat coop missions on realistic by myself easily.I also found a bug where you shoot past an enemy while he's in your face.I don't recommend this game. The risk of the devs screwing up this game is wayyy too big. I'm afraid this is gonna turn into another casual-pandering tumblr-appeasing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Add it to your wishlist and pirate it, or if you're so inclined on buying? At least do us all a favor and buy it on a sale in like a year or two, when there's more content."
76561197991929115,Not Recommended,236370,34239181,Posted: 14 August,all,Nihlus,The devs seem to have abbandoned the game. I have lost all hope that this game will ever be finished. Cool concept though.
76561198032967349,Recommended,236370,35132117,Posted: 22 September,all,Homer_S15,It's not dead!
76561197991709845,Not Recommended,236370,17464942,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Chicken.Bones,"The game looks amazing but...This game is a clear example how early access can be detrimental to its development. The state of the game hasn't changed much.It feels, by not having a deadline to publish or a push to get things done, has made the developers not care about a good replayable game and just hype it up to get more money."
,Not Recommended,236370,19109093,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CrazedKiller,"The game is mostly dead now, even with some updates this game still has no playerbase worth to join"
,Not Recommended,236370,16526648,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fresh_Slav,"Two years passed, things added? Headbob effects, two guns and a few ""game modes"". Don't waste your time and money with this scam."
76561198047957673,Recommended,236370,9700739,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Gravager,"This game has alot of potential and with the developers working as hard as they are it could potentially be huge. They still have a long way to go what with the netcode and gun choice and a thousand other things but it is definetley worth picking up. I will give this a thumbs up, not for the game it is now, but for the game and community I belive it will become."
,Recommended,236370,24290654,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Moving20,For $10 this game is absolutly worth it. Not a complete experience but of course its Early Access. What will make this game is the singleplayer & co-op experience.
76561197977242050,Not Recommended,236370,20302317,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Projectilebutt,I wish there were more players and pvp combat.  The missions are really boring.  The game is beautiful and I love all the guns.  If this game had fully populated 32vs32 deathmatch servers this game would be great.  Also it is a team work game that without decent teamwork becomes pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  Trying to extract from a mission while a noob is lost in the endless maze of corridors is kind of frustrating.  I just wish they would scrap the missions and go all pvp.  I think that would make the game sooo much fun.  For now I don't recommend it mainly due to the lack of community and the boring missions.
76561198004583615,Recommended,236370,20896047,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Forunner0~TheLivingInsane,"This is a game with some of the highest potential. But be warned, This is still alpha, and the player data base isnt that large. It will unfortunately take a very long time to complete, but the more players that play this, let alone help trouble shoot and put their own voice to the project will help it along its path.8/10 The only downfall, is the time place to which the game is building, though I am still to this day, completely taken by this game, and enjoy all of it to the fullest.*Hell Week alone is worth playing. Not for the weak or weary."
76561198028796789,Recommended,236370,28650121,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheImposter,"Its unfortunate to see such ignorance fom people buying early access games. Early access means incomplete, and that is the mentality that you must have when purchasing and helping the developers out with this game. As of now their updates have been focused on laying the groundwork for an interesting universe, and so far the game looks decent. The game feels smooth and all the character animations are fantastic. Allthough there isn't much to fight but other players and training bots (scary ones mind you), I feel the foundation that has been created has tremendous potential."
76561197971311419,Not Recommended,236370,25380098,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Jonny*Combat,"I bought this about circa 1792, and a lot of the world has changed since then.This game appears to be unaffected by the ravages of time though.Possibly our ancestors will enjoy this in all its glory. Possibly."
,Not Recommended,236370,8692938,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,dilda,"I don't believe anyone should really buy this game yet. So far it doesn't seem legit, they barley release any updates and when they do they are extreamly small. I bought this game thinking they were actually going to release game updates at least every week or so. Be careful when buying early access games, when they release wait a while and see if you hear good reviews about them. If so and you think the game is interesting then it is your choice to buy it, just make sure you know what early access means for a game.I hope Interstellar Marines gets to the point where it is a full game, but it does not look like it so far. They release updates every couple of weeks. The eight developers just don't seem as active as they should be for this early access game.(Edit) There are only eight devs, get that in your head.I say save your money for now. If you buy this game and you are bored of the concept after a little while, and don't see anything heading for it because of the developer's lack of updates for the game. I say you just wasted your money like I did.(Edit) I feel I wasted my money anyway.Be careful when buying early access games! I just want to make that clear!Thanks for reading!-Dildacorn(Edit)Read the comments!I get feedback from a dev!*Update* - I would ignore this thread, it is old and is not relevant to the new Intersteler Marines. Thanks for reading if you did, but this thread is completely wrong with the recent patches and updates they have put in the game.P.S. When this game is released I am sure it is going to be a great title for fps players! I give a thumbs down in the review, but when this game is fully released I will give this game a solid thumbs up! Thank you for reading.November 24, 2015From reading recent reviews this game still hasn't gotten the attention you would think it would have gotten in 3 years.. Just noting this in the post before you go buying a game that may take up to 10 years to finish.. OR MORE?January 10, 2017This game has gotten some good updates, and seems to have gotten more attention on missions for the game. It all still feels like simulation combat if that makes any sense, because if you have seen vidoes you will notice you are fighting robots and not any creatures yet. I think this game has deffinintly gotten better, but still needs a story. They are getting there! Hopefully the devs do not split up, because I heard rumors of it happening. If this game gets a story, someone please notify me!"
76561198027105216,Not Recommended,236370,22068576,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,earthsdestination,Its a great shooter but development hasnt progressed for over a year. please pass this one by.
,Recommended,236370,25009697,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lodenuri,I am not quite sure what will happen faster: HL3 release or Interstellar Marines' release from Early Access?
,Not Recommended,236370,20569851,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Krankit,"The game has a lot of potential, but in this stage of early access, I cannot reccomend buying it.  There are only a small amount of servers with very little players.  Most maps are too open and the player models are too dark to see in most conditions unless they are moving right in front of your face.  The game is not optimized, as I have a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (a very high end card) and the game barely achieves 60 fps when running at 4:3 resolutions (640 x 480) on low settings!"
,Not Recommended,236370,8565142,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jekk,"Pretty shocking that this game has been released in its current state - please don't be misled by the description! Most features are currently in development. Even though the sidebar states ""Co-Op"", that doesn't even exist in its current iteration. The Single-Player stated is being able to walk around maps. That is all.I think the term ""Early Access"" and ""Alpha"" in this case are an understatement. The game has 1 gun. The game does not have the RPG elements. The game has only recently implemented jumping after months in development. Look at the features listed as being IN the game. A flashlight. A visor. A laser-sight. Is that really enough to justify selling this game to customers?Some might like your hardcore shooters. But please. There are better ones out there that aren't of the quality you'd find in a web browser.EDIT: A developer responded (check the comments). Although I understand the game is in Early Access, and I have bought many games under that term. But to release a game with a concept spanning years ago in still a pre-alpha stage with many features missing is just.. Well, wrong. Until the game massively overhauls and includes features that are game defining, what really makes this a ""good game""?"
,Recommended,236370,15477249,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Brendimo,"Great concept and has a lot of potential, first thing is that It is not a finished game and is a little rusty but already is already pretty good.  I haven't played a lot due to the fact that i broke my pc and am currently building another. But the in the little time i got to play the game i still had a lot of fun.  So far in the game you are in a abandoned facility with humanoid robots that want to kill you.  You think that's like a lot of other games but the dark hall ways and the constant sound of foot steps always keeps you on the edge...List of things that are great...1. Great atmosphere, really sets the mood2. Playing Co-op is really fun3. A lot of cool features such as raising your helmet, turning on and off your light and laser.4. Scares the s**t out of youIn general good game with a lot of potential and thumbs up all the way :)"
,Not Recommended,236370,8994643,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Coverop,"Before you buy this game please consider THEIR mistakes first:- Game concept is from 2005!!!!!! (check their backstory)- They couldn't afford a Million to get ""Unreal Engine"" License- They didn't reach Kickstarter Goal (600,000$)- This game was introduced in INDIEGALA game for  1$  game- There is no EXACT guarantee they will finish product (check their backstory)- SpearHead Edition is nothing than extra copy with some pointless bonuses (Forum icon! Yay!)- Game is 8 months old with lack of proper stuffYou think that's it? You're wrong. This game was first time introduced on steam 2nd July 2013 (currently we have 6th Febuary) and still has same issues that was on the beginning.No crouch. No sharks. Empty maps. A lot of ""fake"" advertisementMultiplayer is nothing than Team Deathmatch with ONE gun.Believe me, It's not worth your time or even your cash.This game will simply die after few next months."
76561198093199544,Not Recommended,236370,29017881,Posted: 4 January,all,Dramatic_Escape,IM was the first Early Access game I ever bought on steam. It taught me valuble lessons...Like don't buy early access games on steam or they'll halt development and take your money.EDIT: I've been informed they don't have the money I gave them anymore.Thanks Gaben.
,Recommended,236370,15242192,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"because... laser party! ...It not finished, not polished, doesn't has a perk system or customization options. But still has the best multiplayer there, on its current state, the game is better than others out there. The co-op mode is awesome, totally tactic, move like a real team, covering the rearguard, taking care each other... And you will be scared. Trust me in here. There are seven co-op maps for now (2 coop campaign levels and 5 coop challenge levels) but you don't need more. The single player is more of the same, tactic, unforgiven, hard... You feel even more fear... cause you will be alone. There is now Hell Week, a pvp and pve online mode, with the style of the Hunger Games, you need survive, finding ammo, weapons, making team with other players (or being a lone wolf)... in a changing environment, a really hard mode, doesn't forgive a mistake.You need to play as a team, understand the battlefield, think each move, do not rush. You can feel the stress of a battle, the pressure, the fear. It's realistic and raw. The changing environment, fighting in dynamic places, you can see around you and suddenly complete darkness (literally). Accesses that appear and disappear, rain, snow, changing ground level...The game has a incredible sound system, you can hear the steps of an enemy and anticipate to its movement, hear it while reloading its gun behind a corner, hear it running on the floor above you... The wind hitting your helmet, the rain dropping on it... The best treatment of the sound, outstanding.There are people who criticize the game, but they don't understand that without their support is very difficult to continue development the game...The devs need all our support, because the game is made entirely independent and with passion, and money doesn't grow on trees ya know. So do not listen to those negative votes, because the game is incredible, the best. Buy the game, then buy another copy to your friends and repeat, because that money is the one producing the game, and with our support the game will become an indie AAA game.The best community that can be found it's in here. The best. What a community! I dare you, I double dare you, to find such a committed, friendly, dedicated and awesome community. We all know each other.The best developers are here, involved with the community. There is even a competitive environment already, with clans and tournaments.We don't play Interstellars Marines, we live it, because those who really see beyond this game, love it, because all of this isFOR THE LOVE OF THE GAME."
,Recommended,236370,14443265,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Great game, great concept!Interstellar sports only half a dozen levels but as an early access game it is understandable. At this point there are two single player missions (up to 4 players can complete them), a couple of levels for a team of 4 players (designated as coop missions) and some more stages for those eager to play with even more players (multiplayer missions).When not playing against each other you play against robots. With the submachine gun they handle they look like T-800s straight out of the Terminator franchise. Some prefer melee to shooting - on greater difficulties it is easier to die but your friends can revive you.Level design is excellent and the environment changes constantly: changes in the weather affect visibility; suddenly it is nighttime and only your flashlight helps you but then it also reveals your position. At night light poles can aid you or if it is raining the sudden lightning can help you to eliminate your foes.Interestingly, you only have two rifles available. One is intended to help you with targets in greater distance; both can be equipped with a suppressor and laser sight. At this point they serve their purpose but perhaps a melee weapon could be nice.As for graphics: the good old Unity engine delivers. Lighting effects are great - with the quick steps of the approaching robots you are in for a treat due to the excellent atmosphere. In fact, the single player mission revolving around an accident can certainly give you the creeps!Interstellar proves we have to look out for independent video game developers! I am happy to recommend this game - especially now (February 11th, 2015) when it is free to play till next week."
76561198067403482,Recommended,236370,30648079,Posted: 21 March,all,jakanddaxter1999,this game is not dead it is being made by one person and some volunteers (people from the community) so updates take a long time from what ive played its really good and I feel because of this problem with one dev it will be not complete for a long time it is for that reason that I recommend this game if you dont feel like buying it full price then it it on sale its worth it just note the game may never be finished (or will but take a long time) also if you buy and enjoy and know anything about game design maybe volunteer for the dev (note you will not be paid)
76561197964138129,Not Recommended,236370,17477208,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,^LCF^ Mordahkai,"Listen I bought this game in a long time ago. No I don't have 800 hours playing it but I don't need that many to see that the Devs have lost their original sight for this game. The initial video they put out laid out a basic ""train of thought"" and that was that they wanted to create a Tactical FPS based on their past experiences in games like RB6. The said they wanted it to be a slow methodical FPS in space. Now with that being said, I saw them completely turn from that to a RnG style shooter which other than the polish, differs in no way shape or form from CoD, CS or any other number of titles. I loved the vision and I loved the Idea but I also sort of knew that this would happen because It's a small niche to work in. Soooo many people play ADD/ADHD style games these days. It's hard to fathom that people who actually like slow, methodical, deliberate movements, tactical pausing and even a bit of camping for survival sake, bleed damage one or two shot kills and team survival style play only nume in the single digit percentile of FPS players today. Sooo It's easy to see how a smaller company can lose sight of its intentions and jump into the race that they were trying to avoid in the first place. It doesn't make it any easier for a player such as me who was hoping that they wouldn't but hey, we live and learn."
76561198004959982,Not Recommended,236370,11494463,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,HonkLord,"Update 1/14/15 - Still pick this up from time to time trying to get into it.  I'm glad to see that they are finally releasing content more readily - almost want to change to a positive review just for that.  However, I still stick by most of the thoughts from the original review.  This game is still only a game ""with potential"" - currently 2 guns and a handful single/multiplayer maps large aspects of the game that is promised are missing and those are the elements that will really set this game apart from a standard FPS.  On a positive note the game LOOKS and sounds amazing and I like that I can see some of the elements starting to come into play such as ranks.  Also I feel a lot better about the state of the game since I have seen updates much more steadily.  Sadly, RIGHT NOW this game feels very shallow and offers nothing unique.  I'm not trying to knock the game too much in early access but I'm just warning for people that a lot of the core elements outline for what this game is meant to be don't seem to be coming in the near future.  I look forward to the day when this game offers something that really grabs me and brings me because I really want to like it, the game just can't hold me for more than 10-20 minutes per session because it feels so flat and uninspired.---Game development is just taking far too long.  It seems that the focus has been big time on graphics and little else.  So if they can apply the level of quality in their lighting effects to ANYTHING else in the game at some point it has a lot of promise, but after a few years I just don't see it coming.  It feels like a blizzard game, lot of time put into something that in the end is ""Okay"" and you're left wondering why it took so long for THAT.There are a lot of game elements missing and I'm not exactly sure why.  Right now you are greeted the same basic things you can find in standard dev kits.  The pure lack of simple features after years of development leads me to believe that this is taking a back burner to something else.  You should be alarmed that they make a big deal about adding in basic things and it just makes me fear how long it will take to implement all that they are setting out to implement (non-linear play, RPG-style character growth, Story) when they can't even implent sprint or a few weapons after years of development.Just grab it when it comes out (if ever) or when it gets closer to completion, you won't be missing anything.  They take so long to do anything the ""future expansions"" you're guranteed with preorder will probably never exist or will take so long you'll have moved on to something else."
,Recommended,236370,21009841,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Super-Saiyan Sandwich,This game has some serious issues with none of them being the game itself. It simply doesn't get updated at any resonable pace. It is still one of my favourite games as it's really well paced game and plays well but needs more updates.
,Not Recommended,236370,8782705,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Hellrunner,"worst pruchase ever made. It went on about 8 months ago with a promising piece of PR Art that sugested a faily advanced point of development and actual skill. What got me was the promise: get it now, it will never be that cheap again. None of this was real and it went 66 % off twice. Some of the devs or friends of em are even giving away free copys. Though in EARLY development nothing that is not trivial like a new slider in the options menu developed over the course of about 8 months. HANDS OFF! till they get a finished Product done...  THERE ARE NO SPACE SHARKS.... 3 (now 5) ""maps"" mp shooter  with precise aiming... no cover system... no tactic elements no nothing... oh.. you can open your helmet... does the sound still get wonky if you do that?... a TECH DEMO at BEST... I feel like I supported lazyness and a big a** office.... Steam is a market place, no kickstarter campaign. I wanna buy games, not potential.To the Dev response:Maybe, they should not accuse people of not getting the early access concept. That's flat out offensive AND shaming, when the results clearly show WHO's not getting it! Since the release of Natural Selection 2 for instance UnknownWorldsEntertainment (5 people) released several updates a week (later less frequently ""only"" thrice a month) for free. Serious contend and balance updates with all new features, Engine performance workovers, models, animations and Maps tewaks. Till only one year later the game was finished and had changed its face several times for the good and had 2 completley free expansion Packs. And you wanna tell me your skill and know how can compete with that? Please stop the hair splitting and convincing of dumb people!.. we are NOT!And where did all the money go? Do you need all of it to implement a points system worth mabye 50 lines of code? Did you hire people who actually are up to it. Cuz' lets face it you worked out an engine. There are NO gameplay elements exept for the Doom 2 MP..... YET...... sure.. insert random promise here.TILL YOU GET IT RIGHT.... I didn't want to be that harsh, but taking peoples money and don't deliver for ages is a di** move. Tell you what. You can refund me and when the game is finished I will buy it AND take everything back... I promise!PS: I should compare the PR work with the actual game on youTube. Cuz' though there are no actual lies in the Trailers, they suggest pretty darn hard things that are not there."
76561198012461471,Not Recommended,236370,18227053,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Filthy Pagan,"So far, from what I've played of Interstellar Marines, I have to say I'm not 100% impressed. While I'm aware it's a game in Alpha development the problems which are presented are fundemental things, mechanics and such, which maybe the developers will see from this review.Let's get the ball rolling!First off the bat, there are only three weapons available at present, which to be frank isn't what you'd expect from a future combat simulator. All guns feel pretty much the same the only thing that really differs is one is single shot, one has a scope but less rounds and one has more rounds and is your all round most used gun. Gun sounds are alright, but again there doesn't seem to be  much difference between all of them. The laser sight is a bit weird on all of them, helps a little when shooting from the hip, but if your shooting from the hip you aint gonna hit much anyway. For some reason when you shine the lasersight at plants it acts like a flashlight on the plant as well which is equally as wierd.Maps are, at best... generic, no real detail, lots of spamming of textures, think planetside two but on a reasonable quality that the normal man can run on his PC. Buildings have collision flaws, so you can look into the world at points, where as at others you cant shoot round a corner because an invisible bit of wall is blocking you leaving floating bullet holes. The lighting system is really quite awful, sometimes you can shoo a light out in one shot, some times in three clips, it depends on how stroppy the light is. All lights seem to go through walls which is really bad considering we're no longer in 2005, and when a ligh in a bathroom is seeping out onto the outside decking that's just not cool.Most of your time will be in Single player as for some reason or another I still can't access multiplayer, servers won't refresh, which either suggests a bug or that no servers are up which is a bad thing seeing as the game is being sold as co-op and multiplayer. Single player is pretty dull for the most part, you're AI guide's voice is generic robot and just gives you a headache after a while, it also tries to crack some sarcastic jokes which doesn't make any sense as the rest of the time it's trying to be serious, Sometimes there are also some random adjectives thrown into it's vocalbulary because why not.Most missions are training missions, the one's that actually seem like real assignments are also training missions, but the descrptions don't include that, and you'll be fighting one of two bot variants, one's with guns and flailing shop dummys. One mission can't be completed because the elevator at the end kills the player, and on the same mission they throw in some audio logs which are about the most immersing thing into the universe and even they seem a bit strained.The Robot AI is some sort of horrible combination of skyrim's stealth detection and Deus Ex's: Invisible war. In short terrible. You're given which difficulties you'd like from easy, normal, hard, and ""relaistic"" (Which just means more bots, who can one shot you with some sort of taser you don't seem to be allowed to use). The stealth system is a fraud, you can shoot lights out and hide in the shadows, but this just means it takes bots a few seconds longer to see you, if you shoot a bot even with one of the weapons silencers from some 100 metres away another bot will spawn, will run or walk to where the other one was, find you and kill you. f you don't of course plug him full of some lead.I basically have mastered speed running the maps, you can use stealth or you can just memorise what spawns where, and go in full guns blazing, which works pretty succesfully if you don't panick.In short. 5/10 currently, with improvements could push a 6-8/10 depending on if they start working on new enemy models, multiplayer that works (I've seen none of it) more weapons, grenades, better stealh, lighting and more varied maps and by that I mean maps where metalic grey isn't the colour of every man made surface.Buy it at your own risk, I wouldn't personally reccomend it currently, I think it would have been a better option to release this fully devloped, because personally I coulda waited for the actual release. But hey maybe the devs will turn it around, I'm aware it's meant to be artificial environments and a training simulator but I've seen laser tag places cooler than this.I think I'll edit this in a year's time or so and see if anything changes."
76561198091260469,Recommended,236370,23661235,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,OverLordRick,"I still belive that this game will be saved.So they are being honest saying hey ""we ran short on money and a big comp would be better to deal with this"". At least they are trying to give back to the community who has waited so long for this game to be in its final stages and out of the darkness it seems to be forever resting in. Hopefuly one day we see this as big a game as Halo or Battlefield (COD is worse than this and its fully deved)"
,Recommended,236370,9799296,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Intel Guardian,"Nice little tactical FPS with competitive elements and great developers. I really like the HUD system and the cover system, which is a lot like Far Cry 3's cover system. It's still in early access of course, so there are only a few maps and game modes, along with a few bugs, but features are constantly being added. Oh, and they will be adding a single player campaign, which I haven't seen in a long time in FPS games on Steam (Apart from COD and Battlefield, but they're too mainstream. #HIPSTER4LIFE)."
,Not Recommended,236370,9302418,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Galaxywalker,I have this game now 4 Years in early Access and they are still no finished..I would love to get my money back! 4 years ago i would have recommended it to you but now.. don´t buy it. This game will never be finished.It is so sad because the story and the basic game looks good..
,Not Recommended,236370,33432305,Posted: 10 July,all,HoboG,"Lots of potential... no updates in long time, usually empty multiplayer.  :.("
76561198056655348,Not Recommended,236370,33443762,Posted: 10 July,all,Spockitans,"FUN GAME, but unfortunately development has died.I had a lot of faith in it, and it's sad to see it in its current state."
,Recommended,236370,9653429,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,nerazull,"I'm gonna recommend this game mostly for the promise it holds, the ambition of the devs. It presents exactly what I'd like from a shooter now, a space opera that's down to earth :PAs for how the game looks and plays now, it looks great but it doesn't have much in terms of gameplay.Here's to this game making it, best of luck to the devs."
76561198002527847,Recommended,236370,9679643,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Silencer,"WARNING: EARLY ACCESS AT TIME OF REVIEWAt the time of this review, the game is currently in Early Access and is missing a lot of core features like multiple weapons and attachments, Co-op and the immersive story campaign.Interstellar Marines is a Sci-fi Tactical FPS set in a believable future. In early access you take on the role of a special forces soldier training at an underground interplanetary treaty organization (ITO) Facility. The game is currently centered around multiplayer. Where you as the special forces soldier train in a variety of specialized environments. All multiplayer maps feature a unique set of dynamic lighting and elements which really set this game apart from other FPS. The level and map design is ""AAA"" quality, the level designs allow multiple entry ways into most access points and areas allowing for Tactical game-play, and greatly rewarding players who are able to effectively communicate. The game features a distinctive active HUD, which when shot can be disabled adding another level of immersion into the world.For a game that is in early access, it is incredibly polished, with very few bugs and glitches. The game has a very active community. The community Managers are online, on the forums daily, and will even stop by from time to time to play a round with you.Overall I highly recommend this game anyone who enjoys FPS. It is exceptionally well made for a game in early access, fun, and has a great community to be a part of. The game is getting better, and better with every update, and continues to become more tactical and immersive every patch."
76561198154830110,Recommended,236370,12848960,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cpt. Reeves,Awesome game.Requires team work and is best when not played in a hurry.I deffinately recommend it to anyone who like slow/medium paced shooter gameplay.
,Recommended,236370,35167365,Posted: 23 September,all,Hakai,"This game has had a dramatic slow down since its initial release due to uncontrollable circumstances, but the original creator is continuing to develop it.  While it looks very pretty, the content is not there yet but will be in time.  They have stated that they won't abandon this game, and I choose to believe and support them."
,Recommended,236370,10399284,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,shreddedbullet,"One of the best games currently in development. I highly reccomend you buy this, and go the extra mile to support the devs by getting the Spearhead edition. It's worth every penny."
76561198032045207,Recommended,236370,35400143,Posted: 1 October,all,Cementhead1,"It's one guy working on it. Every negative review just makes it harder for him to get a publisher and make real progress. You dont have to buy it, but don't sink the boat before it leaves port."
,Recommended,236370,35146308,Posted: 23 September,all,Greggory Tame,pretty solid game. higher difficulty doesn't turn enemies into bullet sponges.
,Not Recommended,236370,25641914,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TheJoat,"Sure sounded like a game I would like, but they left out the fun part.I was hoping I could play this game with my team on game night, but I never enjoyed it, so it failed THAT test."
,Recommended,236370,23413187,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,SilentAssassin,"I followed this game before release on Steam and picked it up on the Day 1 release.Interstellar Marines is a great game and I would recommend it if you would like to support the devs though the process of making the game.  I don't usually write reviews, but this is one of the few games that I think has warranted a review.  Interstellar Marines is a great concept and widely fun.  I know this because I have convinced 8 people to buy it and they all love it.  The devs while struggling through tough times have managed to keep this game alive for many years and while progress is slow, i'm sure the end result will be worth it.This will be a coop game with multiplayer integrated in with it.  ZPS decided to first start with the player mechanics, so multiplayer was the first thing being developed.  While there are not a lot of people on it, you can still get games going and i've had fun in the Wargames mode known as hell week and have actually gotten into quite a few good firefights.  While the game is barebones as of now, I believe there will be major progress once this game gets a publisher.  I have the patience to wait and love the game and want to see something truely capture the feeling of a sci-fi first contact scenario.Things I like about the game:-The weapon play(Even with only 3 weapons being available)-Art and character design-AI that is actually scary and dangerous-Unique Multiplayer with the C.E.R.A. weather and lighting AI.-Robots-The few Co-op previews on the game are fun. (Even better when you play them with friends)-Hellweek (It's interesting and a very unique gamemode)And now for the one negative:-Lack of content (This is understandable though because of the current state of the dev team and lack of a publisher)I still believe in this game."
,Recommended,236370,8504545,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,|ne|Monkeh,"Interstellar Marines is a very ambitious project. It has a lot of potential but has been held back by financial problems from the credit crunch and the loss of a major investor. They had to start all over again with a new engine. This is why it's taken this long to get this far.What is available right now is bare bones stuff. We have a simple multiplayer game with not much else. The devs don't want to waste time putting things in to the game for the sake of it which then have to be changed further down the line. We have no crouch, lean or even any extra weapons...YET, and that is the key word. All of these things will be implemented in time and from what I've seen of the updates, implemented in a brilliant way.The game as it is now is very well polished, looks, sounds and 'feels' great and will only get better, (and more expensive), as more stuff gets added.I'm very excited by Interstellar Marines as I reckon it's going to be amazing once finished, if you buy now then you do need to realise it's in PRE-ALPHA, so there isn't a great amount of content right now, but even so, the multiplayer is a tense and exciting affair, not to mention a lot of fun, and the level design is magnificent.Pick this game up and it's unlikely, in time, you'll be dissapointed.For the love of the game!"
76561198046881436,Not Recommended,236370,30354148,Posted: 6 March,all,Garthorium,"Ahh Interstellar Marines, how far you have fallen. You were destined for great things; great gameplay aesthetic, an interesting and mysterious but genuinely intriguing premises, and ultimately some legitimately engaging multiplayer.Interstellar Marines was a game I purchased a few years back after initially being drawn in by their comedic, if not very informative Kickstarter. We were given great hopes of a new title that would make potentially groundbreaking steps in the FPS industry, with things like a dynamic hud system, a true to form presence of character, an in depth and highly customisable cosmetic system, and a focus and direction akin to older titles such as Half Life and System Shock.What did we get? Well, that's not the right question, for the game is STILL in Early Access Hell. The correct question would be, what have we gotten so far?So far really, we've got a few single player missions, some of which are simply rehashed MP maps with bots added.A rather patchy Multiplayer system at best, sporting a desirable amount of servers but a spotty population.A 'Hunger Games' style mode that is still a long way off being even remotely polished.3 functional weapons out of a probable array of at least 10+, one of which STILL only has a stockholder model.A competent customisation system that uses points earned in game as currency, with quite a vast selection of different skins for both guns, and armour alike.A deep and rich soundstage, with some very nice atmospheric and moody tones.An able yet perhaps archaic game engine that provides great lighting tech with some admirable game detail.A genuine and enthusiastic developer, with great character and diehard commitment.A luscious and vibrant soundtrack, despite being Early Access there are some beatiful pieces here.So why do I not recommend this game?A few factors, to be breif. The development team has completely died off. Only one man remains and he requires help from those in the community with skill in the required arts.The updates died down drastically, and almost all of them were focused on multiplayer exclusively; not a great impression to make when you boldly state that the game will sport a fully fledged campaign.And the overall direction the game has gone in regards to the roadmap and promises made by the devs.I will never regret making this purchase, let me emphasise this. But I cannot help but feel that I will never live to see this game finished in my lifetime. Between having the developers completely abandon ship, leaving it to the sole devotion of only one of the founders, and the almost obsessive nature of adding content to Hell Week/War Games whatever without stimulating the other areas of the game, the game is simply dying off. For an eternity we pleaded for more single player content, bug fixes, player features, and weapons, only for the devs to focus on the multiplayer component.This game simply put, in its current state, will either never finish, or will come to fruition long past the time it would be relevant and fresh. The problem is that for this game to continue, it needs funding, but no one wants to fund a game that has been in Early Access for soooo looong.I wish this game all the best, and I wish I could support the only developer to the best of my capability, but the constant let downs with a seemingly (prior to abandonment) deaf dev team, only aid in pushing this game further into its own demise.Overall verdict: What the game has so far is solid, if not all the puzzle pieces required. Understand however that your contribution may not yield immediate results. There is a great concept here, but the sheer ambition of this game has been its downfall.PURCHASE THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK!"
,Not Recommended,236370,17038369,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Jack Bright,"Solid Gunplay, but the AI is pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and there is absolutely NO multiplayer community. Only pick this up if a group of friends will play with you. The gameplay is good, graphics are good, there is no story and about six missions, and nobody plays. Every server is empty."
,Not Recommended,236370,18618357,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,The Great Trig,"The Game isn't really finished. The multiplayer was pretty dead during their big ""Hell Week"" event so I guess it would be even worse any other time. The game is DARK as well. Arma can get pretty dark at night but this game get absolutely pitch black, no light coming off of the screen. The single player AI doesnt need light though, because combat drones can smell you through walls apparently. The singleplayer is a nightmare to play, combat drones spot you instantly regardless of crouch, flashligh, or laser. and they hit every single shot, most times I got detected I died immediately as soon as I rounded a corner that was black as night. Really need to work on that stealth mechanic, but I dont think that was put it yet. Do not reccomend in this state at all."
,Not Recommended,236370,20526423,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,[TB] BxPHornet,"Interstellar Marines is a tactical FPS published in 2013. It's still in early acces... (you probably know what I'm talking about).The Devs seem motivated and active (regular updates) but the game is going anywhere, it feels like nothing has changed in the two years I own the game already. Any other Dev would have already abandoned this, and for a reason. Their idea of creating a AAA-Indie failed obviously. They overdid themselves, and they are still beating this dead horse. It's sad to see what happened to their idea, and how they are using a lot of energy towards this.To come to the things I like about the game:-Active devs-Decent community (not too friendly, not to toxic either)-Different ways to approach an objective-Multiplayer, campaigne and co-op-Some attachments (silencer, flashlight and laser pointer)-A tutorialWhat I didn't like:-3 weapons (where one isn't even implemented in the tutorial yet, also not having the silencer attachment)-Forced fire mode (two are auto)-Overwhelming kick (recoil). This might be interesting, but it just throws me off too much, I can't hit the direction I was aiming at after 3 shots.-Limited number of maps-One sort of enemy (robots)-Same spawnpoint (or at least no great varity)-Hardcore multiplayer, you will get stomped-Outdated graphics (due to the time of development)-Ai..Need i say more... Pretty much the worst I encountered-Repetive as f***, going hand in hand with the limited map pool-Same controles as every FPS (no leaning etc.), making it not as tactical as it could be-Buggy (getting stuck in wall, running in straight lines without pushing the buttons etc.) (may be fixed)-Laggy! When I started playing, I had no problem. Now, I can barely shoot without crazy lag spikes (playing on a Macbook Pro mid 2013 though)I would have loved to see this become an amazing game. The idea is fantastic. However, other games outplayed them (Insurgency). The game is simply a Zombie, not alive, but also not able to die. It has a rotten body, but the heart is gold.In the state I started playing it, i would have said: Yeah, get it on sale, give it a try. I had some fun playing the co-op, however, after the 2nd playtrough I could solo the mission because i knew where what was and where the enemies spawned.Now, I say: Don't buy it, it isn't worth it. If you want to support the devs, do it. But every alcoholic has somebody who provides the alcohol. Just keep that in mind.I'm sorry, but this is not worth your money, nor your time"
,Recommended,236370,15071281,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,r3dback,it's a good game with amazing lighting system but it's needs limited ammo because having unlimited ammo just kill the tension
,Not Recommended,236370,19479085,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr. EpicSaxMan,"I don't find this game very fun right now and can't justify the price, when the full game comes out I'll give this game another look"
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,236370,21006787,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bennings Dekker,"well its pity to see that the producer himself is shooting videos where he is squirming in pain due to the financial crisis they are experiencing recently thanks to the low revenue...i met a friend who made critics on the game, vital critics where he received no response despite the level fo the comments he made....i really hate not recommending indie/ErAc products but the latest video released on their official utube channel has made a lot of things much clearer for my part. They are about to go bankrupt obviously ( no wonder why cus the ideas r not so bright as u will hear in the video apparently...) and the product will wither in time...cant believe been too dump to ve bought this thing...No need for cons/prons part, cus its the lastest video (by the date of this comment) that tells the story of the company and the product...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G017cTVjyyknow, gonna go check if steam has an option for refund for games bought ''eons'' ago......"
,Not Recommended,236370,24665205,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,AsOiX,Honestly the worst and most bland FPS i've played.
76561198014200500,Not Recommended,236370,19632802,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DarkWiz8449,I was excited at first to play this game but it got boring and very limiting in what you can do.
76561198087019152,Recommended,236370,22873158,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Insecticide,"Really cool realistic FPS. pretty simple, but difficult to master."
76561198002544368,Not Recommended,236370,16392258,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zaqzilla,It's a neat concept it it is ever fully realized.  I'm tired of these games that are early access for year after year.
12597365839281746,Not Recommended,236370,19074585,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Apollon,"At this point, you're better off without it."
76561198133997700,Recommended,236370,19593391,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fox Among Wolves,Interstellar Marines is far from complete and won't be for a long time. However dispite this I thoroughly enjoy playing this game. I find it reminds me of my days played Halo:CE where you could just spawn in and play instead of haveing to bother with loadouts and perks which many games today do. In short I like it's simplicity. Servers are quiet and you'll have to try and play at peak times or organise a group of friends. If you enjoy a simple to join game with friends then this is your game. If you need 5000 guns and attachments and 100 maps then this is not your game.
,Not Recommended,236370,18300985,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Durgan,Asked for a refund when they started doing those. Got denied. Still haven't seen them deliver much of anything that they said they would deliver. If I remember then I will come back to this in 2 years to say that it is still in early access (90% sure it will probably just be dead at that point). Would not recomment buying this at all even on a big sale.
,Recommended,236370,10249720,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FaZe Cosby,"Honestly i think the game is good however I think they stilll need to improveJust a few thoughts:-They definitely need to put more guns and gamemodes-Good concept-Faster pace (spawning faster, more players and faster mobility)-A loadout screen like many game have-More frequent updates (many people also say this)-Generally whatever else they visionIf you want to see it developed and get a feel for a game, go aheadIt is a small team that develops it, so be patient with updatesJust remember it is EARLY ACCESS, its not going to be the greatest at the momentCan't wait till it is finished and has all the things they say there's going to be"
,Recommended,236370,10278903,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sleepr,"Shows extreme promise.  Very playable in current form.  All this game is lacking is a vibrant player base, and it will hopefully aquire this as time passes.  Show your support now and help this game reach its potential!"
,Recommended,236370,9649607,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Nocturn,"Despite being an early access game, it holds itself up pretty well.It's still you're average FPS but it has it's own special charm that I personally am drawn to.Pros:Graphics are beautiful and the environment really stands outDynamic maps that either shifts form or changes weatherWeapon handling is unstable giving it a realistic feelThe HUD is placed perfectly with the helmetCons*:Lack of gamemodesLack of more weapons*I'm hoping these are changed in the futureSo far this game is really doing well in its early stages and I applaud the creators for doing such fine work!8.5/10"
,Recommended,236370,35141055,Posted: 22 September,all,Woods,Fun game with a good concept. While develoment has slowed due to a lack of staff the last man standing is still going at it and its still fun to play in its current state.Worth buying just to help with future develoment.
76561198062991634,Recommended,236370,9436463,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Bulwark,This Game is a lot of fun and I can't wait for it to be realised (out of early access)
76561197979711281,Recommended,236370,10942290,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wolf,"Great game...flows like water on a river...you only have to jump on it.Hail to Zero Point!Great potencial to become one of the best games ever.Expecting further developments.I can imagine community flying through universe, landing and fighting for fun. No boundaries, no beliefs. Just behave and have fun.Hail to gamers to!"
76561198012567191,Recommended,236370,9671631,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Cipher,So far this title shows promise. Hope to see more when they develop further. Plus I think it's a great alternative to those that were turned off by the Call of Duty Operators.
76561198005421420,Recommended,236370,9680755,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,CommizarGotrek,"I bought the game because it was on sale in the Steam Store.  I usually do not spend my hard earned money on anything that is less than complete.  Heck, I had never even heard of it before.  The trailer hooked me and the price was right.  I checked out the game for about an hour and enjoyed myself. The dynamic changes to the map environments is brilliant.  One moment the map is at night then changes to day and then dusk and then night...like a real training simulator. The game as is now is deffinately EARLY ACCESS...meaning not much in the way of bells and whistles.  So far they only have one type of multiplayer (a domination) and one usable weapon.  They do have several maps to play on though.It is not the actual game that amazes me, it is their plans for the future.  After looking in to Zero Point alittle (love thier company motto) and what they have planned for IM. I ""upgraded"" to Spearhead Edition, not for the perks, but to show my support in them and their dream.  If they deliver, there will be a truly amazing game on the market.  Hell, if I had the money I would fund them myself...lol.  My point is that if the devoloper stays true...this will be worth buying/playing."
,Recommended,236370,9738030,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Insomnus,"Despite the lack of content in its current alpha state,Interstellar Marinesis a brilliant tactial FPS that relies on immersion and strategy. All of the gameplay elements are well-developed and show a compelling potential. I won't judge mechanics on an individual basis (due to its current state, I feel that would be unfair). Although it doesn't have much yet in terms of content, it has incredible potential, and is fun; I recommend it."
,Recommended,236370,35243523,Posted: 27 September,all,A R E S | Skins.Expert,"One of the best games I have played. It's perfect balance between realistic and casual gameplay. You don't need a lot of time to learn all the movement and actions like in Arma. Right now there are several modes avaliable. My personal favorite is Wargames. It is a mix between Battle Royale and PvPvE Survival genre. The playing area isn't ristricting over time, and your goal is to get as many Combat Points as possible. The main threat is AI robots. You can either co operate with other players and share the reward or be a lone wolf and hunt others. Unfortunately, the development of the game has slowed down a bit. However, it is worth every penny in it's current state, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,236370,25078660,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Luvsic 2.0,-waits a year for sharks-no sharks
,Recommended,236370,9679920,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Хуй тебе в рот,"An amazing game, cant wait for future updates!"
,Recommended,236370,7766813,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[SFW]suttoriiga,"Fan of the good old days' tactical shooters? This game is for you, it's not much currently (Still Pre-Alpha), but in time it will be the best! The project has been around for almost a decade now, and it has faced everything from lay-offs, rejections, even a failed Kickstarter. And it's still standing strong on its feet. It may be as tactical as Rainbow Six 3, but what it lacks it makes up for with its sci-fi elements. Yeah, shark creatures! Titan walkers! Full 4-player coop campaign! Damn, this game's got everything a gamer would like to see. Words alone can't describe how awesome this game will be. Some may scoff at the idea that something so small could hold such great power!BUY IT NOW, YOU'LL GET EVERY FUTURE DLCs JUST FOR $14.99!! PRICE IS SUBJECT TO BE RAISED.Spearhead is not really worth it at the moment, but if you want to support ZPS like I do...GET IT!!Only 75.000 will ever get to be Spearhead."
76561198049652752,Not Recommended,236370,29698927,Posted: 4 February,all,Cocaine Panda,"Bought this back in 2013, in EA (still in EA after almost 4 years. Which i prefer them to take their time, but damn) IM was great, and i loved the atmosphere, the gunplay (reloading animations, etc) hell, just being able to see your legs/feet is a plus for me. But sadly, this game feels as if it is still in very early access. like it has not even moved at all. I've been reading the game is in Dev. hell, and it happens.. but like similar reviewers have said, I refuse to support EA games anymore.. as they have a high chance in becoming something like this game. Wasted my money, game is dead, (Very) hard to find online games, Game had a ok single player going, but then starting shifting towards MP only.. I could go on and on, but ill keep this  short, do yourself a flavor and do not buy this. i cannot recommend this game."
76561197960274931,Not Recommended,236370,29320327,Posted: 17 January,all,ChrisC4,"Another Early Access waste of time,effort and more importantly .... MY MONEY"
,Recommended,236370,9656053,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,solid shot,UPDATE 10 COVER FTW!
76561197960610529,Recommended,236370,9648862,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Retsopmi,"Give it a shot. Right now the gun play is light but the worlds are awesome. The changing enviroments as you walk around are truly breathtaking.Most games make a ""night"" version of a map and charge you for it."
76561197991756666,Recommended,236370,21729769,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"Great game for night aloneI purchased this game 2 years earlier &am a little surprisedit is not yet out of EARLY ACCESS.-Nice FPS shooter,-Good graphics,-An intriguing story,-Sci-fi (space)-Various modes of playing with thrilling game-play,I played a few hours of this game, I do have some experience, the DEV's are an excellent team;I'm not saying that because I chat with any of them at all, rather, I say it because of the quality of the game between updates.Game On..."
,Recommended,236370,10300786,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PlayingImperfect,"At time of writing --- 5/31/2014I definitely reccomend this game. Consider it's still in alpha, the gameplay it does deliver is fluid, fast paced and to be honest, I don't see anything like it around. The maps are highly developed with a high level of attention to detail, and perform in game perfectly. The two weapons available are both balanced and have their ideal situations. Of course the game being in alpha has a few issues, the main one being lack of optimisation for computers. I will give a warning that people with non-specialised computers (i.e. computers not built for gaming) will find the experience unnattractive due to low framerates and latency, so waiting for future updates would probably be best. One point however, it would be appreciated if you could have more than 6 (or however many there are) graphics settings. However, they have been promised in future updates.All in all, I could not reccomend this game anymore. Besides, for the maximum price of £13.99 it's a worthy investment to a game that in time, could rival most of the AAA FPS's out there."
76561198068940834,Not Recommended,236370,9994485,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Do you how do,"Now before i get any kind of response to people who see the red thumb, i would like to say that i do not DISLIKE the game, i simply feel it is not developed enough to buy it and expect to have hours of gameplay. I actually really like the possibilities that this game could have. So now that i got that off my chest, i would like to tell the people who are looking at this review for some kind of 'make it or break it' statement. This game is not fully developed, with a single gun, 7 maps, and a minimap. I did my research on this game and its developers, and i find that with such a small development team, they are doing as much as they can in their power to get this game up to its full potential. I personally bought into this game knowing it will be something great, and I put money into it to expecting pre-alpha. I bought it to hopefully be that extra tiny push to get them developing. In conclusion, if you are here to buy a game that is in pre-alpha, know that it is in pre-alpha and in its most simplistic form. If you would like to invest into something that will be great, after some time, feel free to join in!For the Devs :)Just want to let you know how much i want this game to become something great, and how much i want this game to be my next favorite PC shooter. Don't let the negativity get to you. Keep it up and make this game worth mine and everyones money!"
,Recommended,236370,12601407,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Stephano1221,"This is an awesome game for Pre-Alpha.When you first play this game, you probably will get slaughtered all the time, but practice makes perfect. At the time of writing this the game does not have many features or gamemodes but the devs have been hard at work making the game we know and love today. If you don't like it now, give it a year or two and then come back, it should be way better then :)9/10"
76561198026284326,Recommended,236370,9735614,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Cybitross,"Every single update only makes this game even cooler. I can't wait until the full release and the release of the coop mode. This game definitely blew me away when I first saw it, and it's continued to improve since then. I think this is the best indie game I have ever seen."
76561198042338193,Recommended,236370,11397925,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Joepayne,"fun and intense matches.. environment changes.rain, fog ,black outs,.building movements.red lasers,flashlights, hiding,hunting,capturing,nice graphics and cool levels...will not regret buying if ur a fps fan..."
,Recommended,236370,12103264,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,inverlock̥,Honestly some of the best shooting I've ever experienced in a horror game. 9/10
76561198066836932,Recommended,236370,21798204,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,JackMaccone,it's a really nice game but it is a shame to see that it's stuck in development hell
,Not Recommended,236370,15186300,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Semen Connoisseur,"To be honest, It is a good game but the player base is so small I found it to be a waste of money. When it is finally out of EA i'll take a look at it again. Don't buy this game unless you have a group of friends to do co-op with."
76561198184187943,Recommended,236370,18675760,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Agent Smith,Here is a revised review!ATTENTION: DO NOT LET THE MIXED REVIEWS PUT YOU OFF. I CHECKED AND THERE IS 2 TIMES AS MANY GODD REVIEWS AS THERE ARE BAD. THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
,Not Recommended,236370,3103569,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,MR.,"gameplay is absolutly boring, making new maps doesnt make the game better devs....  start putting events and guns into the game..."
76561198091509772,Recommended,236370,33984791,Posted: 2 August,all,C.L.0.U.D,"The game is awesome, fantastic mechanics and super realistic, when i hear a CTR make their noise upon noticing you (kind of a mechanical whir and grind sound) it legitamately scares me, but the missions are in depth and super fun, even more so with friends.The problems are serious, of course, as noted by a bunch of slightly less descriptive reviews alongside mine. The 'developers' were at one point active and productive, but now there is only one of them left and he simply cannot make the game as fast as some of its playerbase has been demanding of it. For this reason and what was in my opinion the poor choice to try to do the arena style wargames instead of more campaign missions, it has more or less died.That said, I truly think that if this game does ever get more devs or gets some additional backing and makes some progress, it will be one of the best shooters ever. Even if you dont want to buy it, i recommend following it and seeing if any serious progress has been made, as the concepts we have seen (im looking at you landsharks) look really promising."
,Recommended,236370,8951015,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,GnB-Reaper,"A friend told me about this game, and I thought to myself... oh no not another fps game... what can they do differently that 100 other games haven't already done?Well after trying it for a short 1 hr, I can say this game is a cut above the rest, already it demonstrates more common sense and playability than other fps's I have tried, and I just had to pop in and write something positive about this game and how (I would hope) it to go forward in the months and years to come.I could start with the level design, realistic environments that really immerse you into the game, shadows of opposing players running through your screen makes your heart jump every single time, the terrain is almost flawless every detail is considered and implemented perfectly, and try to remember this is pre-release and they have done so much already, I cannot imagine how a finished level will look and feel to play in, but I do know it will be an awesome sight, and a terrible fright !! Each level design is made to have you gripped to your console, after playing a couple of levels I noticed a slight pain in my right arm, FROM GRIPPING THE MOUSE TOO HARD !!! These levels are intense, the design is breathtaking and although it's per-release I would still recommend you and a few friends playing multiplayer for a couple of hours and I bet 20,000 zorks you will be hooked.Moving on to actual game play, it's about as real life as you can get (without getting shot ofc) in Pre-release we only have the smg, which is fine I would like to get a hand on a rifle or frag grenade but I'm sure it will come in good time, when it's ready and not before. Dealing with the smg is a lot different than every other fps I've seen (which isn't everyone, but a few)So lets say you spot a shadow in the dark of night, and you pump a few rounds into it getting your first kill of the evening, you'll notice the guns aim doesn't reset to center, oh no it stays in the last place you fired it, until you aim somewhere else, I have to say I love this feature, it's about as close real as real gets, absolutely no easy aiming.Everything must be done intentionally and with extreme malice, which will quickly sort out the pro's from the novices in no time. We have yet to see some kind of ranking system, to allow for the learning curb in this game, every at the moment gets mashed together and the best team wins. But I guess right now Zero Point Software is working on game play over ranking mechanics at the moment, but don't worry we already know this game is going to be amazing to play, casual, competitive or solo, so I don't think anyone cares about mechanics just yet. (but I'm sure it's on the list)Stamina and exhaustion, keeping a good balance seems to be the key here, when your exhausted you can't really aim correctly or sprint... or jump very high, and recovery time can be an issue if you run into a building full of the enemy team, in the dark.... to afraid to turn on your flashlight in case you get spotted ! (would love to see some thermal imaging, though perhaps only heat signatures and not obstacles to allow some fairness also.)So for right now I sprint for short bursts at a time, not allowing exhaustion to overcome me, (You don't really get feeling of moving fast when you sprint, perhaps some blurred edges and slightly increasing the speed of your sprint would help make it feel like your character is moving faster)Weapons - SMG at the moment, and it acts and feels like a SMG should, good work on that, and I hope to see as much thought and detail in the rest of the weapons once they are released.Solo content - Looking forward to it, and I hope it has as much diversity as ME3 when it comes to missions, non liner progression, pick-ups and power ups, and perhaps even a squad selection window even more immersion.Overall it looks amazing, feels great, plays well and can still make your heart jump or skip a beat when it gets very intense, recommended to all players who love realism and high detail, and with upcoming releases and updates this game is going to be one game you just can't put down.Great work so far ZeroPoint,"
,Not Recommended,236370,17131754,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,hello,"Great potential but the game sufffers from huge performance issues. This game does not lack content especially for a  early access game as it includes Single Player, Multiplayer, Coop and a new feature called hell week (i'm not totally sure what this is; I would like to play it but no one is ever on the servers) . Interstellar Marines has a solid story despite it being fairly difficult to complete. Multiplayer is ok but there are never anyone on the servers. Sometimes you will find the devs on european servers but i am yet to see players on any other server. Lastly IM suffers greatly from performance issues, My computer (amd fx 6350 + sapphire tri x 290) runs medium settings, 1920x1080 at ~20 fps.this game has great potential but is currently lacking many critical features."
,Recommended,236370,14052288,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TerrorKip,Great game with fun gameplay and beatiful sounds. The coop is probably the best gamemode at the moment. I recommend playing this game with a virtual surround sound headset or something like that for the best experience.
,Recommended,236370,18814724,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hajimoto [ECWC],"By far the best environmental variables captured in a FPS ever. I have played FPS since DOOM and this game has nailed 100% the feeling of player weight, size and inertia in a game. The lighting sounds and environmental conditions are stellar. The maps are challenging and allow for a tactical approach.  The AI are stupid enough to boost ones ego but smart enough to continue playing against them. The AI difficulty is adjustable so once a player gets used to the game mechanics, he/she can crank up the difficulty. Weapon variety and ballistics just feel right. Multiple game modes and maps keep the game interesting and the sound of a 600lb robot running at you will get the adrenaline pumping. I can go on and on about how this game feels but until you try for yourself words will just not do it any justice.5 out of 5, even in Beta."
,Recommended,236370,20483710,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Code_Red421,i now cringe when hearing servos at night.
,Recommended,236370,8360685,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Skeletorama,"For a pre-alpha, this game looks amazing, and handles just as well. I'm able to run this game at highest graphical settings on a 2011 Macbook air and still nail a solid FPS, which speaks volumes for the excellent backend work that has been done so far. Don't take its performance to mean it's graphically unimpressive, however: the game is one of the best looking FPS's I've seen in a very long time, with dynamic lighting and environments, fully realized particle effects, and an incredibly fun shooting system.Hell, this game already surpasses some of its inspirations, and I can't wait to see how it develops in the future. Well worth the Spearhead Edition."
76561197963441225,Not Recommended,236370,29060409,Posted: 6 January,all,tuffRasta,"Development since Date: Jul 2, 2013, I cannot recommend this game since there have been no viable updates or foreseeable completion. It seem like a great game but at this time its mostly dead, no direction and nothing but empty promises of features. I have no actual rating for the game but I personally will no longer invest in kick starter projects. It seems as the gaming industry has become a cesspool of failure."
76561198001000213,Not Recommended,236370,11076380,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Krattar,"This game says single, multiplayer, and co-op. There is no co-op, and there is no single player. Only multiplayer. Add to that a whopping 20 players online at any one particular time... Well you get the idea. The game seems like it has potential. However with almost no players and two very big parts of the game MISSING, I have to say this game is a go... Preceeded by a no that is."
,Not Recommended,236370,17792948,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Private Joker,"As of writing this review I don't believe that this game is worth the buy. I was stupid enough to buy the Spearhead Edition when this♥♥♥♥♥♥first came out, but I would never buy it again. I'm pretty sure I have more hours on Takedown: Red Sabre, and thats pretty sad. The problem with this game is that there really isn't much progress since the game first showed up on Steam. A pvp multiplayer that has like a whole 20 people on at any given time, a coop mode that I haven't seen anyone playing, and of course the single-player. PVP comes in 2 flavors: 1) Everybody is hiding in a corner 2) Everybody is running around frantically shooting their smg's at the first person they see. Coop and singleplayer are completely interchangable experiences. You shoot robots, every robot is pretty much the same, and will either have aimbot level accuracy or shoot nowhere near you until its aimbot.exe is done loading. You'd have more entertainment value from your $15 if you spent it on a box with nothing in it."
76561198200816246,Recommended,236370,28101163,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,*Autistic screeching*,This game is amazing on CO-OP!!!
76561198077411120,Not Recommended,236370,8832869,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,epicfaileleventyse7en,"Interstellar Marines is hard for me to recommend in its current condition. While it's visually spectacular and deserves some slack for the fact that it's still not complete, it does not have any partically unique nor remarkable gameplay aspects. They've said it themselves: it is an overly ambitious, wannabe sci-fi experience that is trying to fit in with the quality of popular shooters such as Half-Life and Doom. The problem is, however, instead of offering any new or simple themes to the gameplay, this game clones the gameplay of your average online shooter. For an indie game to become successful (like Minecraft, Fez or Amnesia) it has to introduce new gameplay features that dramatically change the experience in its genre. Interstellar Marines tries to do this but only manages to create minor enhancements to the gameplay such as 'lifting up your helmet' or 'not being able to figure out who is and isn't your teammate after you've been shot too much'. One feature, however, that I really enjoyed on a few of the maps is the variation of brightness or conditions (such as weather and fog) on the maps. On some of the maps this can be quite annoying, but on others this really helps create a genuine atmosphere and truly immerses you in the gameplay.The best I can say is that you're guaranteed some fun playing some of the brilliantly designed maps and immersing yourself in the impressive graphics and typical FPS mechanics. I'm also looking forward to seeing how they eventually execute the single player gameplay.Unfortunately though, if this game is trying to rival other Sci-Fi shooters, it has a long way to go. Simple aspects that are essential for creating immersive and strategic gameplay such as crouching, meleeing or throwing grenades still haven't been added to the experience, and this must be included in the SOONEST UPDATE POSSIBLE. Furthermore, in the eventual finished product, I would expect to see some real, brand new ways to play the game that we've never seen before, especially considering the goals it is trying to achieve. IF YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE THE BEST GAME POSSIBLE, DO SOMETHING ORIGINAL OTHERWISE THERE'S NO POINT.Hopefully we'll eventually see this game in a much better quality than it is at the moment, but for now I simply can't recommend it to anyone until there's a large increase in overall content."
76561198108290291,Recommended,236370,21012230,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Swift Phoenix,"Fun game, Tons of potential."
76561198013076071,Recommended,236370,18488802,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,lordcirth,"Great tactical FPS, weapons feel solid and sound great, stealth and speed both work.  Not done yet but already amazing."
,Not Recommended,236370,8543731,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,VeTi,"I've spend 1 hour with this game and I know only one thing: in current state it's rubbish. Lack of content is not a problem. Main reason I really, really don't like this game is shooting mechanics - delay between hitting the trigger and starting shooting is huge. Bullet speed is also freaking slow. Close combat (less than 2 meters) looks like some comedy - 2 guys going around each other emptying mags after mags. If you're looking for some realistic tactical game - buy ArmA 3.It's just bad - very bad."
,Recommended,236370,18438298,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,CtrlAltDelicious,"Very fun game, it's scary, sounds great, sweet graphics, and intense gameplay."
,Recommended,236370,16484870,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheHel1x,"Interstellar Marines, early access, bugs and a very fun game! Wow, I think Insurgency and CoD had a baby guys. Very interesting story/lore in the campaign missions that can be played on both single player and coop. Multiplayer is fun, a little annoying at times with no kill board and one-line at a time chat box but none-the-less, it is a fun experience. Play casual or register atPhyre gamingto compete in tournaments. Over all 9/10. I definitly recomend this game to anyone with a PC with mid range specs (2.5GHz CPU, NVidia GT with 2GB. Anything better and you're good to go)."
76561198180090834,Recommended,236370,22359317,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,The DankShroom,"Yes, there are little players. Yes, it IS very raw. Yes it is in Early Acces for a long time.BUT...This shooter has a very strong base. It has an awesome sci-fi setting, interesting gameplay. I don't know why other people write negative reviews just because of some low budget problems! The only thing that makes me go ""argh!"" is the requirements. It said GTX 120 and around 4GB RAM as recomended but it has only 21 fps (which are rather stable) on GTX 330M (maybe because of M?) and 8GB RAM.Overall Conclusion: Good game! Keep it up, devs!P.S: Liked it from the first look."
,Not Recommended,236370,19600632,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,eh,It is constantly in development yet nothing gets done.
76561197980052798,Recommended,236370,848562,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Avenger907.NL,This is a game that looks very promising indeed. An original graphics engine that somehow reminded me of Deus Ex (the latest part). Very impresive and original. I hope this game has a lot of coop action in it and scoped weapons also. I played a few maps multiplayer of the Beta version and that looked very good. Gameplay was even balanced already.
76561198065242061,Recommended,236370,9676386,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,rotwildreiter,This Game is AWESOME!Finally a good FPS which is not developed to earn money - but to have fun!
,Recommended,236370,9224924,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jimbo,"Although still early access, this game looks and feels amazing. It is only multiplayer right now, but I have high hopes for it's continued development. I particularly like the focus on environmental effects that rotate throughout the duration of a round forcing you into different play styles. I love the small bits such as how the rain looks and sounds hitting your mask. Can't wait for this game to be completed."
76561198042666642,Recommended,236370,9705903,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Jurassic Shark,"I don't even have to be saying this, go buy this game! This is one of the most intense and immersive FPS ive played, it has amazing potential and is just hellafun, I HAVE NEVER HAD THIS MUCH FUN WITH AN !EARLY ACCSES GAME! The maps are amazing, the way the enviornment and sounds works make it feel real. I love the weather, usually in games like minecraft i would hate the rain, but i absolutly love it when it rains in this game, its amazing. And in most games, the sound is somtimes overlooked by users, one of the many things that stands out about this game is the sounds, you CANT play this game and not stop to enjoy the sounds of rain patting down on barricades... even if you just got shot in the head. I pat the men and women on the back who put those sounds in the game. The controls are very smooth and the character animations are great! One thing that also stands out is the lack of a HUD, usually in FPS's you have your health, amunition, and energy all just stuck to your face, in Interstellar Marines you are looing through a simple dang fancey lookin helmet, nothing to break the immersion. And the way they did the helmet ammo display is awesome, also if you press h you can lift up your helmet, making for an amazing immersive experience that i havent seen in another game. Overall i highly reccomend INTERSTELLAR MARINES and i love where its going. And in this game, if you play your cards right, you CAN be a one man army."
,Recommended,236370,9682939,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,bizo,Nervous environment but very skill based feel.  Super cool.
76561198051949233,Recommended,236370,9691448,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Solastikus,Amazing game! so Much potenital Glad i bought spearhead edition. Could use a little fixing with some of the performance but over all amazing!
,Recommended,236370,9649985,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Christer Kristen,"even though there isnt much content right now, what is there is solid high quality.the movement is of a smooth realistic kind that you wont see in any other modern fps.the weponhandeling feels extremly alive an it feels like you are in the game!Buy it! you will love it, and when new updates come out it will be even more awesome!"
76561198069341894,Recommended,236370,9686172,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,GIGA,what a nice game is so realistic and the graphics pretty nice
,Recommended,236370,9700848,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,roids0777,Game is better than most 60 dollar shooter with quintuple the staff. Awesome game. Looking forward to the full release. This is a must buy
76561197996000330,Recommended,236370,9706063,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,TheReciever,"Interstellar Marines. In it's current form is very entertaining and fulfilling experience after you understand the mechanics underlying everything. Now, the game does suffer from poor framerates for the average computer and tanks my FPS with AA applied. Being that this is Update 10 it's to be expected. Now, this game brings some serious game changers to the FPS scene. You have variable environments mid level, meaning that you have daylight, rain, red alerts, or pitch black and likely more to come. Then you have actual movement mechanics, aiming mechanics, and cover system. This game has a large potential to blow up in popularity in later stages of development and I wholeheartedly look forward to whats to come. Recommended."
76561198093513255,Recommended,236370,9708059,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,dragon born,it is fun and good but the only thing I would say is that I haven't played that much time on it but it is not has good as cod or battlefield the game story is not that good and the online is really hard because the players have been playing the game since it come out. some people have played hundreds of hours on the game that means they got all the guns and a really good score per much. I do recommend this game for people how want a challenge in the online games it is very good and it is worth the money that you pay for it.
76561198101306114,Recommended,236370,9648936,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Pvt. Strelkov [29ID],What's happening in the beggining?! i've waited an hour the game wouldn't start! WTF?! Iit's just a slideshow of camras!
,Recommended,236370,9687114,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,lukesbacon,"This game is amazing! It's a great FPS and has solid gameplay throughout. This game is well worth your money, especially with what the developers are promising for the future!"
,Recommended,236370,9690201,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Falcon,"Fun, It's early access, so I think it's got a ways to go before the final product.  That being said, for an early access game the gameplay is phenominal, and the visuals are stunning.  I firmly reccomend this game to anybody that likes backtobasics fps games.  I see great things for this game in the future, and I can't wait to see what's in store."
,Recommended,236370,9708280,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Duggies,"This is a good game so far but a lot needs to be fixed. It is hard to tell whos on your team so they should make it mare clear and  when you shoot close range, it doesnt do as much damage even though it should do more damage. A secondary weapon and a knife should be put in as well as other guns."
,Recommended,236370,9709033,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Jin.PT,"already great, worth the price as is. Support this game"
,Recommended,236370,9701453,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Arizth,"ISM is a great take on the old tactical FPS genre. It punishes head-long derp rushes a la Halo, GOW, or Unreal Tournament, instead rewarding careful movement, foresight, tactical analysis, and a steady ♥♥♥♥-you gun hand. While in it's current state (Update 10 as of this writing) feels sort of limited (one gun, no customization, missing several features of other FPS game like sprinting or melee), the gunplay is solid, the movement is slick, the graphics as beautiful (especially on ultra. Dat Pc Master Race), and the maps are amazing (Pitch black? Do you dare risk the flashlight for some clear sight that everyone else can see? Turn on the laser sight for some accurate hipfire at the expense of everyone seeing where the ♥♥♥♥ you are? Decisions, decisions!).I can't recommend this as a full game, not in it's current state. But as an Early Access game?♥♥♥♥ yeah.Get in here, Marine. Training starts in five."
,Recommended,236370,9698487,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,you got diciplined bro,"This game is looking like a very promising space-shooter. I purchased the spearhead edition of the game because I thought it was very cool how the developers promised to put your name in the credits. It also comes with an extra copy of the game which you can send to a friend, as well as the game's soundtrack and concept art. Interstellar Marines is different from other shooters in a really cool way. Dynamic environments. Every few minutes or so the weather,lighting or structure of the map itself will change. I like this because it forces you to switch up strategies depending on the condition of the battlefield. The changing environments will affect your combat behavior as well as the behavior of your enemies. Barriers will be erected, the game will go dark or flash red emergency lights. It's kinda reminded me of paintball in a lot of ways. You can be eliminated quickly, but if you are strategic enough, you can prevail.I can't wait when this game is released in its final form."
,Not Recommended,236370,28159635,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Daniel Potter,"Sorry, but it has been 3 years since it appeared on steam and it's still in early access.They promised us the world, but they failed. To be specific, the game is supposed to be = Half Life + System Shock 2 + Rainbow Six.As someone who was molded by these games i bought it instantly - august 2013, spearhead edition. Their development is exteremely slow. Slower than any i ever seen. Never again will i buy into early access."
,Not Recommended,236370,33386212,Posted: 8 July,all,Kᴏᴏᴘs,Expect one minor update with little more than small bug fixes once a year for a game which has less content than a demo.
,Recommended,236370,11336856,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find both a video and written impression of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W7IknKx0YEInterstellar Marines may come off as a generic tactical shooter upon first impressions, but once you start playing, you'll see that this game has a few interesting mechanics that helps separate this game from the plethora of other tactical FPSs on the market. The game features a very interesting, and realistic lighting system, where some times the map will put players into total darkness. This will force players to start using their flashlight which will of course give them away to enemy fire. Certainly an interesting take on a risk-reward system for a tactical FPS. The game also features mid-match dynamic level alterations. The game map will change, closing and opening new choke points and paths, mid match, in real time. This has a dynamic effect on the game field. Lastly the game features a ridiculous amounts of capture points in it's game mode. This came off as a negative, almost as a design flaw at first, but the more I played I saw what the designer had in mind. This tactical shooter encourages spiting up and covering ground, rather than the usual, 7 man in a choke point cluster F*** that the usual tactical shooter tend to lean towards.The game's audio, and visual is impressive, and it's attention to detail as well as it's lighting is equally so.The game is not with out it's faults though. In it's current stage of early access, there is no single player campaign, minimal tutorial, only one game mode, and only the default rifles hurt this game's variety. The game also has some net code issues as it has noticeable and undeniable bullet lag. Interstellar Marines also face the hurdle of developing a robust and active community, in the face of hundreds if not thousands of other tactical shooters, fighting for the same audience. Currently the game's community is active, but relatively small. Only 1-3 servers will any sort of population at any given time, or even less.But overall, Interstellar Marines is a very enjoyable game that has a pile of potential! I think the game should change it's name as it's incredibly generic, and also promote it's unique light and dark play more to help interest more people.Pros:- Unique Light / Dark mechanic- Unique mid-game battlefield transformation mechanic- Impressive visuals, especially the lighting- Very enjoyable and playable, even as an early accessCons:- Needs more variety- Net code needs a lot of working out- Needs to build a larger community"
,Recommended,236370,7496484,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,MECHANICAL_GURU,"When this game goes big, you will truly miss out on the great price it is now. The sooner you buy, the lower the price."
,Recommended,236370,8387331,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DarkKnigh4,"Great game! Loving the gameplay and graphics.For gameplay, just check out youtube videos, the developers have done a fantastic job on releasing detail videos explaining/showing -. But bear in mind they are still in developing stages. At first i was very frustrated with their slow updates, but soon after  viewing the updates i've realized the heavily amount of work they put into, in detailing almost every aspect of the actual gameplay (lightening, shades, SOUND EFFECTS, it's just quite a ride. These maps the producers produce, ARE ONE OF THE MOST SOPHISICATED MAP'S I'VE SEEN, in regards to the quality of realism they bring to the game.All i can say is i am crazily looking forward towards the completed version of this game, which they aim to do so by the end of 2014.As a pc fps game player for over 15 years, i'd say they've made a work of art out of pc FPS. (in progress), under the circumstances that they deliver a consistent game content update as from their vision they've shown in their videos (more guns, SHARK AI's!!!, co-op maps).These guys are the REAL deal. Not some high budget company with capital and resources that just produce similar games every year that are alright... just so that they may profit and keep shareholders happy. I gotta say this game is probably my best purchase on Steam."
76561198011965365,Recommended,236370,14657036,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"PLEASE NOTE: Game Is in early access, meaning review could change!One of the most realistic early access i have played. Right now their are only 2 coop missions and about 6 teamdeath match maps. The game slowly gets updated due to the developers have a really small team, but each update the game just gets better and better. This game is totally worth its money!ProsAdd silencer on gunturn laser sight onCan open your helmet any time you wantGraphics are beautifulRobots are a good challengeMaps have a  nice environment changeCan shoot lights outConsNot many mapsOnly 2 gunsCoops missions have the worst lag ever!"
,Recommended,236370,12132603,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Rost,Looks nice and promising. Let's see what will be in release.
76561197995430615,Recommended,236370,9682518,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,SCARP3R,Pleasantly surprised.  I'm really enjoying this one. :)
,Recommended,236370,9729464,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,CraigItsFriday,I've been following IM for a long time now. Back when it was just a few Unity demos on their website. IM is shaping up to be one of the most exciting FPS's I've played. Their dynamic levels bring fresh gameplay strategies right in the middle of battle. I can't wait to see what they introduce next!
,Recommended,236370,9656454,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,wizard,this game is a great game to playi love the graphics and the weather changes aswell10/10
76561197992891890,Recommended,236370,9703271,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Fraize,"This game has soo much potential! Its realism, physics, and attention to details suggests that in the future it may as well be a big hit.Some more content adding for testing won't hurt though :/"
,Recommended,236370,9654380,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Sparkle-tits,"The game has a short learning curve, and is very frustrating at first when you you're first learning to see the enemy. But once you get that down, the gameplay is pretty tight.I get frustrated with how vague the mechanics are though; you can be spraying your opponent down in CQC and nobody will land shots, and it's unclear how the gunplay really works. I just kinda go with the flow and things generally work out though.I can't wait to see VoIP implemented, because this game could be very fun to play competetively with a team. It's tight. But god damn, give me a RIFLE would you? The SMG is the only weapon in the game as of 3.28.14, but they plan on adding more.All in all, not my favorite yet, but I'm loving where it's going and it's not going to go into my Steam Graveyard like so many other titles."
76561198086989703,Recommended,236370,9677414,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,PistolPete,"Wow this game is fun, I love the tactical maps and the changing weather or senarios, Plus its cheap and its still in alpha, So I have high hopes for it! Buy it if your thinking aboiut it!"
,Recommended,236370,9680817,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Apsyc,"This game is what tactical shooters were meant to be. If you're tired of the run-and-gun scene, Interstellar Marines will be refreshing. Take your time, check your corners, slow and steady is the name of the game. But the mechanics aren't the only appeal of this game. The environments and weather simulation are the best and most genuine I have ever experienced."
,Recommended,236370,10135324,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,still here,"All I know from my time, is that texocet is an idiot."
,Recommended,236370,10181235,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,«AS»Nitrocloud,"I'm really looking forward to the completion of this game.  As it stands, it may be one of the most immersive shooters today.  The controls are second to none."
,Recommended,236370,8865706,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Soulshocks,"Played 1 game on the multiplayer, not many people on but it was fun. Very limited game play at the moment. I have high hopes  for this one.I will say this, It is a very early build. Do not buy if you are looking for a  close to finished game."
76561198186086583,Recommended,236370,24262030,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,EDIOE,"In 2014 i bought this game and also bought the Spearhead DLC to help the devs to complete this game, but sadly its dying out and i feel like my money went to waste. Game has very good graphics and love the scenery that surrounds it. Just hope that the devs adds more updates and they get the funding and the motiviation to do so."
76561197967792556,Recommended,236370,291664,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Abraxas,"Alot of potential, atmospheric lighting on levels very well made, worth getting it now, support this game to get one kick♥♥♥♥♥FPS. Update: Game is now on Update 8, game in general now feels like a not bad Multiplayer, there is no single player yet but all in good time, alot of community gathering, plus the devs have done a special game mode for xmas which was a nice touch. Seriously Support this game you wont regret it if you can be patient for single player, they should be picking at co op in 2014."
76561198022230709,Recommended,236370,8387322,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Obey your noodly master,I like the conecpt and the way the game plays. I can see a tob of potential zero point software talk about adding in the little things. Some that I would like to see are things like crouching and a css inspired knife animation. keep up the good work.
,Recommended,236370,12366000,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,KSspray,This is the first time I actually think robots are scary.
,Recommended,236370,8497943,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mongoose,"Lots of potential. Really fun and makes me twitch. No crouching yet though, but the gameplay is awesome!"
,Recommended,236370,8668127,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Qwahzi,The most immersive shooter I've ever played. So much potential. Can't wait for it to be finished!
,Recommended,236370,9914795,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,MoonUnit,"A really fun co-op game, great community, and great devs. Each update makes the game better with fun events to co-op maps."
76561197960510173,Not Recommended,236370,34025084,Posted: 4 August,all,mike,"Was released in 2013 as one of the first Early Access games. Has since died a virtual death with no visible active development, no players, no updates to the forums etc."
76561197968956752,Recommended,236370,10660850,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,glub ♥Linux,"Looks good, despite some performance issues.It lacks some interesting game modes like the one you can find in NeoTokyo° for example.Also there is no leaning which is steange for such a game. Also lacks in-game voice comm.Runs on Linux!"
76561198127552980,Recommended,236370,20707304,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LitBoiKartier,really good game its a bit unlucky that the servers are a little bit empty but its soooo fun
76561198108264665,Not Recommended,236370,8495896,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,WasNotReallyFirebrand,"This looks like it could be an amazing game. I dont understand how one of the first implementations was not Controller support though? It looks to me like the team has spent a lot of time creating different environment modes that turn on in graphical fashions with rotating arches carrying lights which seems besides the point to me. It is cool but I don't understand how it in anyway revolutionary. I read reviews saying that even at an early stage this is a completely playable game but i disagree, At the moment it is just running around empty maps. There are about 9 servers all of which are completely full whenever I try to join. The rest ofthe levels are just empty ""Playgrounds"". The sandbox mode is interesting and displays the damage system well but in the back ground there is a wierd repeating track of someone with such a thick accent coimplaining about something that the only word you can pick out is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ each time it repeats.I am very much looking forward to playing this game when it is playable. But at the moment I don't understand it. It is early release because you want to recieve feedback but at the moment the only feedback i have is add Controller support. Beyond that I have noting to provide feedback about!"
,Recommended,236370,13073376,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mr. Smooth,"This is a fantastic game as I have followed the update progress and played this, it just keeps getting better."
,Recommended,236370,8496210,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Iron The Token Black Guy,"Buy it, its well worth the money. Could be be one of the best fps games of all time when they finish it."
,Recommended,236370,8495453,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Scyld,"only in alpha, only one weapon, few maps, near impossible to get into a server as it is, but when you finally get in it seems promising as hell and worth 5 bucks even in the state it's in."
,Not Recommended,236370,18878101,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gurd be'Skunt Punis,"I do reccomend this game, however if you are looking for a rich multiplayer enviornment I wouldn't suggest purchasing this game.  Servers are pretty much dead, which is unfortunate because I found this game to be VERY immersive!  You actually fear for your life as a faceless space marine.This engine would bbe pretty great for any shooting game.  I hope that someone who is more dedicated would pick up this engine and use it to its full potential.It really is a bummer with the lack of content kind of making it a deal breaker."
76561198089270788,Not Recommended,236370,29491509,Posted: 25 January,all,MLJAY,When I first thought this game I thought it was going to be a good game.Over 2 years now and still no aliens.It crashes my computer everytime I try to run it despite me meeting the recommended system requirements.Overall this game was a disapointment and a waste of my $15.Don't make the same mistake as me.
76561198118157758,Not Recommended,236370,22066089,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,EL POLLO LOCO,"This gamem is verry complicated when it comes to development.to bput it shortly, great game with practicly no dev team. that meens  about 0 progress"
,Recommended,236370,13172889,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Holz,"this would probably be one of the best games i've played so far, the graphics make you go ""WOW"" every so often. While the land sharks are not ingame, as i'm posting this, it's still a great pvp/pve game. Team co-operation is needed for the PVE maps, you cannot win if everyone goes in their own direction. All this being said, Zero Point has done a great job with this game, i cannot wait for more features to be added.-Holz"
76561198091085200,Recommended,236370,8490848,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RadHIGH5,"This game is awesome, and the people making this game are VERY dedicated to this game and its community. It has great potential to evolve into one of the best games that you and I have seen so far. So you guys keep at it and make a great game for all of us, and like they said, its for the love of the game."
,Recommended,236370,9645573,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,A Livid Pile of Dirt,"All I can say, is that this game manages to make sprinting around with one gun, a flashlight, and a laserpointer, the most fun I've had in years."
,Recommended,236370,7867066,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,-666- Silver,"""For the love of the game"" That covers it, a bold and rigid statement by Zero Point Software.Going through the demo's you can see where this game is going and how much effort and care is taken to ensure a proper bug free experience.Early release and i did not even counter one bug so far, it is just amazing.Then you start up the multi-player even though you are at the moment limited to one gun the experience as is, is really good.In it's current state it can already be seen as a proper game that works well and looks amazing.With recent updates a 2nd gun was added, a Assualt rifle with scope primerly for long range.The SMG has been tuned for medium to short ranges.In short buying this early access game will not disappoint any one with a appetite for FPS/Tactical games.Rating for this game is a defiantly a 10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,236370,21326921,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Supermenace,"I purchased this game back when it had the $40 price tag. The game looked like it had amazing potential, and it had land sharks. LAND SHARKS. I also really loved the passion and love the devs have for this game -  it's almost inappropriate. I wanted to support that passion and see this game made. But here we are, no closer to it being a reality, and while I feel bad for the devs, I feel worse for the player base who are clinging on to the hopes this may ever be finished or a full game. At this point, some honesty from the devs probably is due.Are we hanging on for nothing?"
,Recommended,236370,21996993,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Vladislav,"Good♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes you addicted when played probably.Extremly nice community.Extremly polished in things like animation, graphics, maps etc.Extremly frustrating when being killed by noobs (from me)"
,Not Recommended,236370,12738960,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dying Tickles,"The game is ok, but kinda overpriced. This is an ""early access game"" so it has potential, but as of november 2014 it is not really that fun unless you have a bunch of friends with a copy to play around with.The single player campaign is slightly engaging if you like fighting in the dark, but it gets boring quickly and having no options to save makes you wonder why to even bother playing it.On sale for 10 bucks it is not too bad of a deal. but 19 dollars ? No.This game also has a rabid fan-boi following that likes to harass anyone that does not agree with them and would DARE to write a critical review of their most favorite game in the world.So now I can officially say that the community associated with this game makes it even less enjoyable to play.So in summation:  mediocre game with a community of opinionated♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030043619,Not Recommended,236370,23212329,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,An00bis,Steam please give me my money back.
76561198027871913,Not Recommended,236370,19450710,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nucleus,100% vaporware.
76561198051010883,Not Recommended,236370,19624066,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Zambonious,"This game is dead in the water developmentally. Was an awesome idea, but ended up being just a pipe dream. After several years of development nothing really major has even changed about the game, and it was released to EA without a jump button so that is really saying something.0/10 sharks0/10 would not play again"
76561198035661983,Recommended,236370,16399129,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Positrons,I like this game. Easily play alone or with your team.  It's easy to get a good ping and there seems to be a friendly comunity. If fps is your bag you will like this. Play against people or bots gives plenty of versitility.
76561198039868396,Not Recommended,236370,17875733,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,HEXER,the game is just not that fun. shame
,Not Recommended,236370,24865888,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The Shyster Meister,"I wish i could refund this, but I bought it in 20 13"
,Recommended,236370,22521058,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,jsr,"Worth WaitingInterstellar marines is gradually getting better , its going to take alot of time for it to becuase fully resealed, but i think when it will it will be great."
76561198007626291,Recommended,236370,2457057,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Maverick 2.0,"Although only very basic right now, one of the best shooters I've played."
,Recommended,236370,13605763,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Irishman,I've owned this game for over a year now and would gladly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys FPS. I am extremely happy to support this game and its developers since I am continuously coming back to this game with my friends.
,Recommended,236370,10236436,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dextro,"Interstellar Marines is an intriguing FPS with a lot of potential. But as of now, there is only one game mode (team deathmatch), no single player campaign, and it takes forever to connect to one of the few available servers. Plus, the multiplayer is pretty bland and unbalanced. As of now, I don't think that Interstellar Marines is worth it. However, I think that you should buy this game now (the price goes up with every update) and just wait for it to be completed. If this game ends up being even half as good as it's supposed to turn out, it could easily become the best FPS on PC."
,Recommended,236370,9188586,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,Generic but kinda fun random weather fps. 6/10
76561198084948963,Recommended,236370,24558685,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chris Hardwick,This is a good game with great mechanics and the shooting fels great and the weather effects are awesome and they are releasing updates every few months with noticable changes and this game could achieve alot with help from the communtiy.
,Recommended,236370,14427250,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vega,This game has a lot of potential.  But for right now its pretty good for being Early Access.  9/10
,Recommended,236370,26475888,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NebularVanguard,This game is not finished but the community and developer are giving all they can to get this game into the hands of a publisher and push it out of this state. That said it is still enjoyable hopefully it can finish development.
,Not Recommended,236370,17148178,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,cool guy,STILL DO NOT BUY THIS VIDEO GAMEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8JccvcCiTYEDIT: game is so horrible and dead that the developers spend their time begging people to change their reviews instead of actually making the game.
,Recommended,236370,31414242,Posted: 28 April,all,Gonzo850,Slow development but still going forward. Needs support. Currently not good enough to release and not bad enough to throw away.
76561198039022556,Recommended,236370,10680580,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,dragonice501,"It's a call back to the first FPS's that helped define the genre. You may here that this game sucks or its broken, but keep in mind it's still development. Plus, the people behind it are truly passionate and care about the game more than the money, always listening to the players and want they think. Get this game if you want something fun, balanced and has crazy potential."
,Recommended,236370,14227546,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,YourLifeIsAjoke,Just buy it... It's a great game.
76561198066657137,Recommended,236370,9649280,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TheDecree,"played for about half an hour, and so far it's been pretty good.  looking forward to more updates! :)"
76561198050453960,Recommended,236370,9648973,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Adorable,Buy it now and you will not regret it when the game is 100% done. This is taking FPS to a whole new strategic level of teamplay
,Recommended,236370,9658453,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ø| Knight_73,"EDIT: The game is on life support, and that is if I'm being optimistic. It's a real shame to see what this game could have been go down the drain. Below is my review from when it was still alive, and not a vegetable. The game is still good, and you can play singleplayer stuff, but all of the multiplayer is empty... :(This is the best twenty dollars I ever spent. I cannot wait to see what they plan to add to this!THE GOOD:I really enjoy the fast paced gunfights and the slow, nerve-racking calm before them, as you sneak around killer robots in the Neurogen Incident, or just try to get the jump on another player in the versus modes.The multiplayer shines even with only 2 guns, each balanced for their roles perfectly, in my opinion.I have fun with the games singleplayer/CO-OP missions, even if there is only two, because the layout offers a few ways to go about each objective.To add to all this, the game is very immersive, all these small features that just add to the overall game very well such as: Exhaustion affecting aim, No automatic reloads, the ability to remove your visor when the helmet systems die, and even the way breath and rain can appear on your visor.THE BAD:I do have an issue with fps lag however, from all the dynamic lights and reflections and so forth, but its not impacting enough to detract from my enjoyment of the game.I do wish there was more enemies to fight than just a gun robot, and a crazy melee bot.Overall one of the best games I have played."
,Recommended,236370,9696568,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Caedis+,"Easily one of the most promising early access games in existance. Most likely wil become a legend passed down from generation to generation as the best game ever developed by the most skilled development team ever, ZERO POINT SOFTWARE. Do yourself a favor, and invest the measly $15 at least to be a part of this"
76561197999457320,Recommended,236370,14681680,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[AC] GrimReaper 192,"When looking to buy this game, you should take note of the fact that it is in Early Access. This means that the playable content is very limited. However, there are 2 large co-op missions, 5 smaller co-op missions, 8 player versus player maps (I think), 2 weapons (customization is going to be added in later on for weaponry), five movement speeds (crouching, walking, crouch-running, jogging, sprinting)... it is already incredibly advanced for a game in Early Access, and the developers play the game as well, to communicate with the community and see what they want, and have excellent presence on the forums.There are some glitches in the game. Naturally; it's Early Access. However, there are so few compared to most Early Access games, or even FPS games in general, that it's almost mind-boggling. Each update is extensively tested and prepared before it becomes available to a small segment of the community - Spearhead testers - and are then further scanned for glitches and bugs before being made available to the entire community.Many people had a bad experience during the Free Week, and gave this game bad reviews. Unfortunately, this is mostly because of people playing it on the Free Week only to annoy other players, and the limited customization available at this point. However, what many people don't seem to understand is that it is in Early Access, even though it entered Free Week; it's nowhere near complete, and rating it as if it were the full game is unfair to the developers and potential buyers.Now on to gameplay.When I first began playing the game, I went into multiplayer. DO NOT DO THIS. The game is so extraordinarily fast-paced that unless you play co-op and single player first, the people in PvP will be killing you so fast you'll suspect they're hacking - quick hint, they're not; they've generally played the game for literally days straight, and have become fifty times as good as any beginner. Don't think you can compete just because you've played other FPS games.The robots in single player and co-op are still a tremendous challenge. Start off Easy and find that, without other people to revive you, you're dead in minutes. Two to five shots will kill you in Easy, and it only gets harder.One thing I've found is that many people complain that Realistic isn't any harder than the other modes. Here's the thing: It is, but not for the reasons most people think. Yes, the robots one-shot you on Realistic. Yes, they have a shorter delay to begin attacking once they see you. Yes, they see you better in good lighting and notice you more quickly in bad lighting. However, the real thing that got me was that the closer you are, the faster they react; open a door and there's a robot immediately on the other side? You're dead.In spite of this game being in Early Access, the amount of content already implemented is amazing, and the gameplay and realism of the game is incredible. So there are a few glitches and fewer weapons than you'd want in an FPS game. So what? It's still remarkably complete for something in this stage.I would definitely recommend buying this game, and if you don't feel like it's right for you, check back in a month or two; the content increases with updates constantly. The results might surprise you."
76561198081422232,Not Recommended,236370,33526592,Posted: 13 July,all,Lesolan,"It is funny. I have 32.7 hours on record, but... I could swear I put so much more time into it. I have all these half remembered moments that really hit me good, or shocked me hard, or made me panic like ♥♥♥♥ing crazy. But... There just isn't enough... About 18 months ago (from this review), the creator basically said he was trying to sell the game to a company that would be able to pay for more people to help build it. Not gonna lie, when I read that, back then, I knew it was going to fail. I just had this premonition. I hated myself for feeling it. For knowing it. I wanted this game to succeed. There was so much so far, and he had been updating it somewhat steadily until then. But it has been over half a year since the last word/update from him. I can see the game, in my minds eye, completed and fun and scary, and all the things promised. But I can't see it happening in our reality. Wish it wasn't like that, but... There just isn't enough people on anymore to justify getting it, since most of the good content is multiplayer."
76561198044895514,Not Recommended,236370,33328411,Posted: 6 July,all,Miilacze,Definition of dead early access game.
,Recommended,236370,12127548,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Penny Wilin',"Pretty good for early access, seems promising.Lots of emotion in the multiplayer too, like♥♥♥♥♥♥gets intentse when you in the water and its pitch black then yo team mate just drops dead, its intense"
,Recommended,236370,12142595,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,SphincterGypsy,"This game is one of the most innovative, well designed and genuinely fun games I've played in a long time and it's not even finished yet! As a linux player I also appreciate developers who support Windows, OSX and Linux. Long story short, this game is badass and will play great no matter what system you have! Batman definitely recommends."
,Recommended,236370,28428610,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FPSBloodraven,This is a good game wsith much potental. Dont lisen to the people with two 10 mins on the game saying it is unpolised and dead after playing multiplayer.
76561198141084380,Recommended,236370,21379588,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Grand Adirmal Thrawn,"This is the right game for any one who loves Insurgency. There are some things to work out still, such as more guns and missions. However, the game is really reliable; it has only crashed for me once. Give it some time, and it will be an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,236370,18789345,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Roy,"I sadly have to agree with most of the reviews.  The game has been in Early Access for years and there has been little to no development in the single and coop game modes.  All it has been is barely focusing on the multiplayer which no one plays.The visuals are great but aren't optimized. Servers are dead. Massive lack in content.  Been in early access for years.The devs have a lot of great ideas yet have not implemented any of the features they promised.  I would not recommend supporting this game until the devs follow up.  After years of waiting, I can safely and sadly say that I have lost hope for this promising project."
76561198093703921,Recommended,236370,7789063,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,toxicbotto117,"this is a great game that is intensly immersive. although it is in pre-alpha right now id still give it a 5 out of 5.the weather in this game as well as the environments are amazing and this game already has amazing graphics for its stage.this game is a great game that you should buy because it is only going to get more expensive later on when it is fully released. you also get a lot of goodies if you get it now and future pdates for free.definitly buy this game and you wont be disapointed, uness if you are a very judgmental gamer who only plays one game"
,Recommended,236370,7807253,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pieless Alfred🤔,"This game is really good, even in early access; It's better than a lot of games already out there(I'm looking at you, CoD Goats.)Although there isn't much to it yet, there's only one gun, and a few maps, not a lot of players either, but the server I played on had some really cool people. If you're into this sort of game, get it now, but if you're a filfy casual, I'd wait for more content to be realeased first.What is amazing though are the maps, there's different ""map modes"", where the map will change after a while, like rain, fog, night time, day time and a few other things. and when it's dark, oh christ is it dark.I can't wait to see what comes in the future."
76561198133163124,Recommended,236370,14465424,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dolphin,"Rainbow six in space.Genuinely some of the best lighting and weather effects I have seen, along with great gunplay and textures.Tension is perfect and carries over into the multiplayer.Thoroughly reccomendeded for any tactical shooter fans."
76561198072428050,Recommended,236370,14118324,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,evans274,This game will make a grown man cry. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again.
,Not Recommended,236370,32658081,Posted: 22 June,all,ㄒΛ☣,left in dust
,Not Recommended,236370,25141528,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,that book scene from IT,"It promised sharks with legs and cool survival mechanics.  Its been YEARS... and none of that has even remotely been added into the game.  Shame on you Zero Point Software.  Terrible, TERRIBLE effort in trying to make a good game.  Work hard and actually try to make something good.  This game is garbage.  Years ago i saw the trailer for this.  I saw land sharks and awesome guns.  Scary enviornments and dynamic maps.  But that is all just a dream.  This game is just a worthless dream.  DO NOT BUY this game.  I want a refund for the game.  But i cant get it because i waited too long to see if this game would become something.  Also the mulitplayer is dead.  SO RIP ANYWAYS.  Gaben let me refund this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,33198057,Posted: 3 July,all,Antarctic National Socialist,"Got it last year, wasn't really much to do besides kill some AI robots, refunded it. Still not much added to the game."
,Not Recommended,236370,34509616,Posted: 26 August,all,Snowgoose,Development all but deserted. Abandon hope all ye who enter
76561198073720814,Not Recommended,236370,32553838,Posted: 18 June,all,[14th BK (B)] Flexin Kurt Angle,"Don't waste your money with this game.When I initally bought this game, I was expecting to play an idyllic project that would channel the likes of the colonial marines, the starship troopers, and a dash of the Halo marines - coupled with intense squad based horror-shooter gameplay that would be talked about for ages.Instead what I actually payed for was a glorified crash dummy simulator where I was tasked with running around several dark facilities and shooting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I, Robots.  And not the good kind.There are no playable COOP sessions, the multiplayer is dead, and there are absolutely NO Sharks. Don't be fooled.Now, I'd be lying if I didn't say that the game's atmosphere didn't make me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, but that's about all I can truly credit this ""game"" for. The shooting mechanics suck, the weapon models eat♥♥♥♥♥ the gameplay is shallow, and the enemies don't hold a modicum of a candle to anyone with half of a chromosome (like myself).Save your money, as you can buy 10 Ethiopian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with the amount of money this game costs."
,Not Recommended,236370,33235584,Posted: 4 July,all,Yuri AF,2006: They madethis trailer2017: Game doesn't look like they showed in the trailer.Never make promises that you can't keep.
76561198097582194,Recommended,236370,7853599,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Wolfmire,"So I'm rewriting this review for a few reasons.1: people are giving this game WAY to hard of a time. I've really only found maybe 2 comments that really explain the game well enough to players. The rest seem like snotty remarks that people have been waiting to say2: I want to re-edit my opinion. The game is not perfect. Needless to say for those who really gave something about this game they would state that this game is not bad. The A.I (though still in beta) has been better than what I see on other games. Shining a light at them actually alerts them instead of them just sitting there. The game has two interesting co-op missions that lay out what they plan on making in the long run. But saddly due to devolpment hell it's been stalled for them. The fact though that an update is finally coming out though shows that the guys that are still there are trying to not lett this dream die. Now am I going to say BUY IT... no, I can understand hesitation and such. But the game has made strides since I last played and better ones at that too. Again, I'm not going to be every CoD kid and praise the game as if it isn't flawed. But I will not deny that they still want this dream to happen. Hell, it's friday and I've saw more people then what there was a while ago.In the end I feel that this game has yet another Milestone to enter before getting back on it's feet. Let alone the company is pushing hard for a publisher (which in my opinion shows that they want it to live). By all means, if you don't want to support it don't. But it is worth a try to see what this game can be with support"
,Recommended,236370,30727887,Posted: 25 March,all,Veljex,This is an amazing game mechanical wise. It's exactly how I hope Star Citizens FPS will work. Only negative thing I can say about this game is there is a virtually non-existed playerbase.
,Recommended,236370,12211809,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,lovethegames97,For whoever disliked this game they are obviously cod fans. This game has so much potential and the team is working hard! Buy it to show them how much you want to see them prevail!Pros--Great combat-Changing environments-Looks greatCons--No sharks yet
76561198031492716,Not Recommended,236370,20108678,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nursultan Talyakbay,This game has been early access for so long it is a disgrace.  Waste of money.
,Recommended,236370,8503053,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,YE WANKERS,"This game took FPS into a whole new level. When I first bought the ""Spearhead Edition"" I thought.. Was it worth it? It was more than worth it! The feeling of playing this game is super great. The mutltiplayer is great and it's community is great too! The players are all willing to help you if you are facing problems. Over all the game is really great and worth trying."
76561198117542925,Recommended,236370,15154844,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,IncendiaryLemon,"This game has great tactical fps gameplay. Clever usage of the silencers and the flashlight is a must. Though in early access, the game still feels pretty complete, packing in some replayable single player missions, co-op, and a unique multiplayer experience. The environments are well done, and change often, forcing you to adapt in order to survive. The Colony map even changes shape in between and during rounds, Maze Runner style. More awesomness is sure to come with future updates. If you like tactical fps games, I highly recommend this one.P.S. The game can be quite challenging in pvp or on higher difficulties. Be prepared for a licking until you get the hang of things."
76561198031494189,Recommended,236370,28744640,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,black-mist3000,"So far so good, takes a while to get into but once you hit wargames you realize, this games got potential, best played with a friend so they can revive you... I look forward to the future... support this game, support the dev, support games made for gamers with gamers in mind (before money), they're a rarity to find and should be supported... it's simple like that. :'DRemember; more money = more development = more content = more polished... and for an independant dev = making something awesomer! ... than it already is. :DP.S. If it wasn't for wargames I wouldn't have recommended this. BUY NOW while sale is on.. :)"
76561198109511471,Not Recommended,236370,30150589,Posted: 24 February,all,NoMoTraps,Its dead
,Not Recommended,236370,32509943,Posted: 17 June,all,VapeGot,"Sadly noone plays it anymore, and no future updates coming..Don't buy."
76561198053169798,Recommended,236370,21855480,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Morne,"Its stable and playable in its current state, theres only 3 weapons and 2 types of enemies but I cant really complain for what i paid for it. I have only played 2 missions but i have enjoyed playing it so far.  Dev has funding issues which he has been open and honest about so dont expect it to be finished anytime soon, if at all. Game has lots of potential and i hope they manage to finish it.  For what it costs its worth it."
76561197973632498,Recommended,236370,21064286,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MikDawg,"I recommend this game, as I think for the current price of £6.99 you get adequate amount of fun out of it. Sure, the advertised landsharks are still to make the appearance after all this time :( . But I have had fun playing the couple of co-op maps and the amazingly atmospheric pvp swamp map. Hell week gamemode was a pure frustration for me though and eventually made me uninstall this game.So recommended but barely."
76561198004258540,Recommended,236370,16927158,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Firecracker048,"This game has been in development for well over 5 years now, and while progress is slow, the team is open and dedicated to make this game a reality."
,Recommended,236370,18783271,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hubris Wizard,"There may not be a whole lot for the game yet, but there is a lot of fun to be had. Turn up your speakers, turn the difficulty to realistic, and play with friends for an amazing tense experience. The test-bots are pretty intimidating as they are, I can only imagine what aliens or monsters they will be adding for the final product."
76561198041112447,Recommended,236370,14477061,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,AviatorFox,"Interstellar Marines is a tactical FPS in which two teams of marines are pitted against each other in an underground simulated environment.  Some very unique features of this game include the almost immediate death and the weather mechanics.  This is a game in which the old run n' gun technique will almost always get you killed.  Often the best strategy involves using a suppressor and sneaking around until you can ambush your enemies.Some subjective and personal positive aspects to the game I have noticed are:Losing your HUD once you take a certain amount of damage.In this game's multiplayer it is nearly impossible to tell friendly soldiers from your enemies without the use of your HUD.  The feature which temporarily removes use of your HUD makes being wounded even more frantic because when you turn to run you need to look twice to make sure the marine behind you is friendly.A feature which closely accompanies the loss of your HUD is the ability to open your helmet.  By pressing ""H"" you are able to completely disengage your display and open your helmet.  This comes in handy when it is raining because the rain will obstruct your vision by sticking to your visor.Operable doors.Most FPS these days have decided to remove the idea of operable doors in their multiplayer modes.  I beleive that it is a strong suite for this game they have not decided to do that as well.  When opening a door on a map such as Dynacore you can't tell if some one is hiding on the other side.  Doors are also very useful as cover from enemy fire.  It also adds a degree of realism and dynamic gameplay.Weather/Day night system.This game has fully dynamic shadows and a weather system which has been expertly fleshed out.  You have different weather conditions from rain to snow to high winds.  The rain will greatly obstruct your vision while your helmet is down. The snow reduces visibility in general and plays tricks with your mind because of the movement. The winds add slightly more chaos to the area however are likely the least influential of the three.The day and night rotations are incredibly important in any game of Interstellar Marines.  In the day time you have only a very small chance of successfully hiding.  In the dusk and at night you will have a much easier time at remaining concealed.  You will also learn that the use of a flashlight is unadvisable to say the least.  The dynamic changes in weather and time force players to change their strategies whenever the map decides that it got bored.Lastly, the dynamic motions of elements in the maps.Many of the multiplayer maps have different structures of elements within the maps themselves which will periodically move.  This will force players to change their routes and hiding spots as hallways are cut off and buildings rise into the air and sink into the ground.Now for what I dislike about the game in its current state.  Please be advised everything listed below is subject to change.  Alpha = AlphaThe game has very few weapons at the moment.I am personally very happy learning to use two different weapons proficiantly.  But for those of us who want more variation you may have a hard time excepting the lack of variety in your choice of weapons.  On top of this there is only a few small differences in the way the two current weapons handle.  The Rifle has more accuracy over the SMG but it quickly loses that with sustained fire.  The SMG has an additional 10 rounds over the Rifle bringing it to a total of 30.  It also has iron sights with a much lower magnification that allows it to be used in close quarters combat, as opposed to the 4x scope on the Rifle.  However besides these small differences the guns are essentially identical.Movement system.Although perfect in almost all situations, the movement system has its flaws.  The devs have nerfed sprinting and jumping by forcing you to start panting after a certain amount of either running or hopping about.  My concerns with this mechanic in its current state are as follows; Jumping rarely allows you to overcome an obstacle the first try.  After your second or third attempt you begin panting for as long as 20 seconds afterwards.  In multiplayer it can also get tiresome when you are trying to catch up with your team on the map Evacuation and you start to pant, then you encounter and enemy and your crosshair is bouncing all over the screen.Early Access.The game is currently in development.  Listen to me when I say that this game is in EARLY ACCESS.  That means when you buy it you are admitting that this is the product you want in its CURRENT STATE.  Although I think this game deserves all the support it needs to have a successful launch, you must understand that there is no guarantee it will ever be released, and there is no guarentee there will ever be another update.  If you decide to spend your money on this game, I would say its worth every cent.  But at the same time you must make certain you want this game and not the Interstellar Marines that you are thinking about 5 years down the line.Please remember this is a preliminary review of an early access game which is subject to change.  Before perchasing you should look at other reviews and perhaps some video coverage of it online.Thank you,AviatorFox"
76561198042290753,Recommended,236370,29707000,Posted: 4 February,all,SwampFox,Overall a great game what people don't understand is the updates may come a little slow and they don't have any money. I beleive that is the only reason this game is getting bad reveiws and it hasn't blown up.The combat is realistic for a futuristic shooter and offers a completely diffrent style of gameplay than any other game I have played. The game is opmimized and I was able to sit at a stable fps most of the time even a crap computer can run.
,Recommended,236370,29338221,Posted: 18 January,all,Chicago Ted,"♥♥♥♥.----------------------PROS-----------------------Gunplay. Weapon handling is fantastic. Feels very nice. All the guns feel as they should, though they are few in number. Hit markers point out exactly where you hit on the enemy (more on this in the hud section.) Realistic-ish wounds make them feel as powerful as they should be. Fast paced, react or die mechanics are very enticing.-Hud. The hud is everything you want it to be: good checkpoint markers, fantastic hitmarkers, good scoring module, and fitting colors. It feels very immersive as it gets taken away the second you take off your helmet.-Atmosphere. It's not perfect, but it is certainly a plus. Massive lack of light forces you to rely on your flashlight, surroundings, and mopre importantly, your foes' flashlights. Fantastic scenery immerses you in dark dead space stations and militeristic complexes.-Character design. You are the fist of humanity, crushing aliens, robots, and even other humans that stand in your way. Think of beefed up SWAT in space.-Immersion. Like I said before, this game is very immersive. All your gear is cleverly made to hide the fact that it's a game. The HUD is entirely linked to your futuristic helmet, guns are attached to you via magnetic holsters on your legs and backpack, even the map will be implemented on a wrist-mounted pda. The radio is also pretty darn realistic sounding too.-Promise. The game itself has a bright future, IF it is finished. Mor on this in cons, friends.----------------------CONS-----------------------Development. It's slow. Crawling speed slow. There is only one active dev, though he's incredibly dedicated. Updates take months to come out, and the game itself is struggling to get the needed funding. I pray it's finished.-Content. Yes, it is an early access, but the game is lacking replay value. Two coop missions, some survival, and PVP matches. I really can't wait to see those landsharks in action. Yes sharks with legs, look it up. They cool as flip.-Players. They are nice, but they are few. Very few players make matchmaking a nightmare. Speaking of which...-Servers. There is no hosting a server. Just a warning, as playing with randos will happen. If you're lucky, that is.----------------------TLDR----------------------Fantastic concept and a beautifull future if it gets there. PLEASE just help it get there, friends. Zero Point NEEDS you to help.FOR THE LOVE OF THE GAME."
76561198259139551,Recommended,236370,28413851,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,rgregory,pretty good so far.  keep it up...
,Not Recommended,236370,34067399,Posted: 6 August,all,Dave Yogpod,"This game had potential, but dropped into the abyss that is early access hell, and never came out of it again. this is not worth buying anymore, just like the hookers on the streets."
,Not Recommended,236370,25056890,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Cobb,"I bought a 4 pack a couple years ago when it was on sale because it looked like it would turn into a pretty cool co-op game. I don't think they've added any new content to the game with the exception of being able to reskin your marine.Deffinetly not worth it, I don't think there's anyone activley working on the game anymore, which is a shame."
76561198057120432,Recommended,236370,23515124,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The General,"Even though a lot of people are giving this game negative reviews because of the long wait time for this game, I do recommend this game.For an Early access game it is pretty decent in terms of solid mechanics Atmosphere and nice graphic for an early access, the potential for a great sci-fi FPS is there.Despite the long wait I still believe in this game."
76561198109742387,Not Recommended,236370,23616203,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Douchebag,"Great story, but why did they ♥♥♥♥ up the gameplay!"
,Recommended,236370,14130728,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,og_Hypnos,"Such an awesome game! Seriously! Give it a try. I have been following this game since it was on the internet as a unity engine web game. Even than it had amazing graphics and sound! This game has a horror side to it as well as a pure combat side. I would rate it 9/10 easy. The co-op is fun, the AI is extremely smart, the weapons feel good, and the graphics.. well the graphics are AAA quality... They are phenominal...... on a side note this game gets extremely scary when you're alone in a building and you can hear the robots stomping extremely hard on the floor above you with you knowing full well that they are hunting you. And oh why do the robots hiss? Its terrifying, especially when they are melee ones and they sprint at you."
,Not Recommended,236370,22807207,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,GhostRobbie 2,"The road to [development] hell is paved with good intentions.I've seen my fair share of early access cash grabs, and this game had some of the most exciting and enticing broken promises of them all. To me it doesn't really matter whether the devs meant to disappoint us, they promised a game and we gave them money for it, and now the project is out of funds and dead in the water. Color me an optimist for not getting a refund, but I would not recommend this purchase for anyone but the extremely bored, or those who feel like they just have too much money lying around."
76561198030560022,Recommended,236370,22225283,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ricardo,"Think Aliens, crossed with Arma.Now I know it's been in development for a long time, but it has been developing - albiet not as fast as some users according to several reviews on here.. But that has to be the only negative for the game though.The gun play is excellent, even with only a few weapons in the game, they're well done and work well in their respective uses. The lore of the game so far is that you're in a training facility under the Nevada desert, so there doesn't yet need to be many kinds of rifle or whatever else. The use of either Pistol, AR or SMG is enough for the current lore of the game.And that HUD! I've yet to see a better implemented HUD; properly a part of your helmet's visor - with the option of raising the visor on your helmet to maybe see better in the rain or fog, at the cost of losing your HUD altogether. Such immersion, I haven't seen this done so well before.PVP is great too, in my hours of playing; tactics and positioning are everything.Teamplay and moving from position to position, hugging the walls, keeping in the shadows makes the difference between winning or losing.Sprinting about trying to run and gun will only get you so far, usually not very far at all!The multiplayer maps range from cramped storage facilities with ledges and corridors (reminds me of laser quest as a child) to large assault maps with water, fog, thick undergrowth and hiding places galore..The simulated sunny/rainy/day/sunset/night cycling of the 'training environment' that the matches are held in constantly changes adding new elements to your fight as you play.So I do recommend; no it might not fill several hundreds of hours just yet (though some have got thousands of hours on their profiles) all the same for the small price tag and the huge potential, it has to be a win.It's less than the price of a couple of pints these days. How can you possibly go wrong.The only sad part of it is that it's been so long and so stuck in development that the population who play regularly is thin on the ground. But with more support this game could, hopefully, be a really good co-op alien killer.Stay frosty people."
76561198044501104,Not Recommended,236370,21002724,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lord Seander,"This game is the reason why I don't like the Idea of early access.The whole point of Early access is so that you can support the game you want while its in development.  When in development the goal is usually to make a rough wireframe of the game.  As everyone knows, you can't edit and refine what doesn't exist.However, this team doesn't know this.  They have forgotten what their goals were for this game.  They have been making small updates forside content which is (usually) suppose to be second to the main content.  They seem to want to appease players with small updates so that they can forever have a stream of money, with no effort involved.This game will most likely not ever be completed, and having bought the game I am severely dissappointed in them.  What they have made so far has nothing to do with anything they had promised me when I purchased.Years will pass by and almost no progress will be made.It will most likely be dropped into the abyss called canceled project, if they haven't quit already.In a few years this game will be forgotten, and nobody will miss it."
76561198101885980,Not Recommended,236370,24814914,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Skev,"I bought this when I was 14, I am now 18. I was young and naive and supported games in early access because I wanted to support indie devs. This game ruined that."
76561197965220958,Not Recommended,236370,31781360,Posted: 15 May,all,Tachanka_27,"Absolutely boring. Same thing over and over again. Multiplayer does not work for me. Ai on the map but only about 1-3, takes about 3-5 mins for new to spawn/arrive. Recoil system is insane hard to control. Graphics are good, no fps drops. Don't see the point in the game, what is the objective, what are you trying to obtain/achieve. Has cool features (1) putting on and taking off the mask.Don't buy it it's really not worth the time playing."
76561197962760990,Not Recommended,236370,18564937,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Khemorex,"I got this game since 2013 , ive played it like 30 min as u can see , really i had high hopes for this game.It looked very promising at the start.But after nothing meaningfull was added in 2 years (except that minimalistic improvements ), i didnt even bother with touching this game ever again."
,Recommended,236370,9652847,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Commissar Batley,hey you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s buy this okay?
,Not Recommended,236370,34536629,Posted: 27 August,all,Mercer,"Early access forever game. Don't waste your money on it, it's been in early access forever, and it doesn't look like it will be releasing anytime soon. Last news on website - 2015, last news here - december 2016."
,Not Recommended,236370,27503367,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iamzeroedin,"Played this game a year ago. Enjoyed it but decided to move on until it was finished. A year later, it's abandoned and unfished. Why does steam allow developers to get away with this? It's not fair to consumers who decide to support the project but instead end up throwing away their money to a worthless project. I am done with early access projects. Should've learned my lesson with Day Z five years ago."
76561198109496878,Recommended,236370,21014652,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,IHaveNoMouthAndIMustMeme,"I don't get scared easily. The Shining - unfazed; Paranormal Activity - nothing; Friday the 13th - I forgot that was supossed to be scary. I can't think of any other way to tell you, I just don't get scared. Until this game. Assualt on Starcrown Aerospace had me crapping my pants in fear. And the Neurogen Incedint? I don't even want to hear those words anymore. This is the scariest thing I have ever experienced. And I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,236370,18478616,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ImCheeezed,If you are looking to play a realasitic FPS great game to play!
,Recommended,236370,31031369,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr. Wubbles,"Quite frankly, i dont know why many people have problems with this game. It runs well and i love the missions and gameplay. This gets a awesome rating. Most reviews ive seen have been not great, and i dont understand why people rate it that way."
,Recommended,236370,22244342,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,xAyamechanツ,The most immersive Sci-fi shooter you will play. This game is certainly worth the money.
76561198086485451,Not Recommended,236370,12079871,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gorramit,"The game certainly has potential, but the same can be said about a lot of titles that have not delivered what was promised.  While graphically pleasing, the game currently lacks what I consider to be any decent gameplay.  Multiplayer death matches are pretty much all you have to look forward to if you buy this game which is *not* worth the money in my opinion.  With these things in mind I will point out the pros and cons of this game as best as I see them.Pros:(The graphics are more than I expected and makes the game look quite believeable.(Weapon performance is surprsingly good, with the sounds and recoil reminding me of actual rifles I have fired.(The heads up display mixed with the toggle modes on the helmet makes me feel like my head is actually in the helmet, which reminds me somewhat of the metro series.  This is a great immersion modifier.(The dynamic weather system the have in the arena is very well done and they demonstrate that they can develope immersive environments within their game.Cons:(While the devs have multiple ""gamemodes"", all of them occur within an enclosed arena which, for me, gets dull really fast.  Again, the lack of gameplay variety just ruins this for me.(Next to no visible progress on this game.  I understand the time it takes to develope such things but their updates  are both irregular and sparse.  I see no indication that this game is going anywhere fast.(Lack of player customization leaves me feeling like a stormtrooper with no identity.  This breaks the immersion greatly in my mind.Overall I'd say that this game has the barebones framework that can be the foundation of something awesome, but sadly I don't believe it will be.  As I said, I see no noteworthy progress on the game and with that fact alone, I don't reccomend buying this game."
76561198080758365,Recommended,236370,14102589,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vietnam Flashback,"ok. I LOVE this game. now, don't let me make you think that it's a good game, it can only appeal to certain people.If you're a person like me, who loves immersion (mostly the fact that your helmet is ACTUALLY right there in front of you) mixed with action (shooting insane robots in the face) with a touch of survival horror (being afraid, because damage is realistic), then you'll love this game. HOWEVER, if you like cod's gameplay over what I listed, then you probably won't like this.Now, watch some trailers, gameplay, look at some images, do whatever you have to do, but in my opinion, this game is amazing.Now, I do not play this game a lot, I actually played it twice so far, and I don't usually play the robo missions, I play multiplayer versus. The robots are too damn spooky. Some people love the robots, and I do too, just I can't find what reason I like playing multiplayer versus more than robo missionsI guess it's because I don't like having to restart, but even then, I also don't like waiting to respawn (cuz revenge).the gameplay? awesomethe mechanics? awesomethe bugs? only a few, and sometimes it said ""press space to spawn"" presses space, jack♥♥♥♥♥♥happenskeep in mind, this review is posted while it is still in early access, however, there aren't really any gamebreaking bugsfinding a server? this is the one that I had semi- trouble with, because there was at least 100 servers, and there were literally 4 servers with pleople in it. FORGET about finding a specific map on a specific difficulty with people in it. that's almost impossible.fun? depends on youif you have any more questions about the game, comment on this reviewP.S. there are only 2 weps atm (at the moment)P.P.S.:♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants probably 7 times at this pointMy rating: 9 dead + 1 decapitated scary♥♥♥♥♥robots/10"
,Recommended,236370,14427343,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,XaXa,"The Lights tell me secretsShadows are your friendsThis game was a big suprise to me.First the looks, my god does this game look amazing. A constant 85-60fps.The guns are well guns, they kill pretty quickly almost like arma give or take a few bulletsThe Campaign is scary so far, always having to watch dark corners, hoping something won't get you. Almost like running to your fridge at 3am.The Multiplayer is great, keeps the ""realism"" from the campaign in terms of killing someone.Coop, grab a couple friends and have a fun time.In its current state i give it a 9/10 there is always time for improvments or additions"
,Recommended,236370,10464435,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Androidd,"Can't wait for this to drop. Lighting is awesome, gamep play rocks, and it's in beta! DROOOOOOL"
,Recommended,236370,10401420,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,mini,I believe with the proper funding that this will become an amazing game that I wont be able to understand how epic it will be. Really has an epic feel. I am not playing currently but soon. With more updates. THis will be something we will hear about a lot.
,Recommended,236370,9630511,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Romanus,"This game had a very rough and very early start, but fair warning was given to any who aimed to purchase the early alpha version. I do not regret the decision at all. This game has it in it to become a great singleplayer and multiplayer fps to rival any Call of Duty or Battlefield title. The graphics and engine run smoothly and work great, and new cool effects and features are added every update. They've come a long way, and buying this game early will both save you a lot of money when it comes out for real, and will also give the developers some extra cash to further improve the game."
76561197985161675,Recommended,236370,9670186,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,XandreUK,"What's to say? The game looks very good despite the low performance requirements. Currently, there's only one gun and a lot of the promised features aren't implimented yet but what IS there is astounding.Gameplay wise, It's extremely bare bones right now but what is there has formed an incredily solid foundation. The only thing I hope is that the RPG system won't break what is an otherwise very enjoyable experience, or make the game inacessible to new players. But given that the team is determined to release the best game possible, I think it's fair to say that if it breaks the game, it won't be present for long.The graphics and environmnents are extremely atmospheric and feel... I suppose right is the best way to describe it. There's a decent colour palette, lines are crisp and sharp even without the fancy boxes ticked and looks incredible for how low the requirements are, whilst the dynamic weather can transform a map in more ways than you could possibly imagine.I rarely review games, and even then it's after a few hours of gametime. But this game sold me in about forty-five minutes of  some of the most intense action I've played for a while. Even if you don't normally shooters, the devs have done an immense job so far and I look forward to any other titles they come up with.Even if you don't play FPS games, pick it up for someone who does - as a man who has played shooters from the Nintendo 64, through three generations of Playstation, two generations of xBox and clocked countless hours on every kind of shooter out there, I can say that there's someone you know who'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,236370,8496938,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Brocahuntus,This game is in early access and it's still amazing! BUY IT
76561198094981160,Recommended,236370,8675101,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,/TIA/ WertanPlayGames,"It is a very good game and to be early access it is beutifull, but I hope they add more weapons."
76561198107363247,Recommended,236370,8843878,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sam learning try hard,WHY IS THIS GAME SO F*CKING HARD!11/10
,Recommended,236370,14459630,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pyro42,"Awesome game feel, fast, dynamic and uiltra sensitive. They use the lights and shadders in an awesome way. During a multiplayer match the map changes its states : Sometimes you fight in the dark, using your lamp torch with moderation to not be spotted by the enemies, and some times you fight during a winter storm. It's awesome! OVER 9000!"
76561198143319064,Recommended,236370,14410071,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,techno101100,this game has great grafecks and ok lvl but in all it epic right  now and so on
76561198045464314,Recommended,236370,14379989,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,WOLFMAN,"So the first time I got into this game I did with my bro. And we started the first mission, now understand me and the bro play alot of games together. So there I was with bro in the hold of somekind of transport shuttle learning the basics crouch, flashlight, mic check... alright lets do this. Cover positions and open the door. Its dark, really dark, no sounds. *click. flashlights on all I see is a husk of some kind of training robot. Nothing, we proceed to alpha on our HUD. Nothing. It's quiet, that makes us very cautious; checking everything. What is our enemy that cleared out the all the people? We drop out of some kind of vent system. Nothing, ""Wait! I think I heard somthing."" squawks the mic... I stop and listen... I hear it too, some kind of groan or moan mechanical in nature. The noise is far off to our right. Slowly we move toward the noise cover to cover. As we get closer footsteps are heard and the sound of hydraulics powering the footsteps. And then I see it. The device appears to be the kind of robot I saw earlier, but fully functional. The source of the sound. It's not facing me it's not armed. I hestitate, IT SEES ME. The thing lets out a howl/moan hurting my ears as it runs into the darkness. I lost my cool and start spraying bullets after it. The sound of gunfire bouncing off the walls is replaced with ""click click click"" of my gun going dry. No auto reload... fear as start to try to get a new mag into my gun. At this point I remember my bro, he is fine, but he has to reload as well and is waiting on me to finnish. More clunking footsteps... our friend is coming back I see it over on the left. Too slow; a shot rang out into the darkness as the creature falls lifeless to the hard steel floor. My bros smug voice comes over the com, ""ya ya shut up, I would of got e'm."" And then footsteps, many many clunky footsteps..."
,Recommended,236370,6721696,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,trop tard,it is necessary to support.
76561198016376209,Recommended,236370,14415915,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Azure,"Been waiting for this so long, it is a good game so far with new weapons it can become even a better game, dont get me wrong the 2 weapons we have now is more than enough but you can always use a bigger selection. Overall gameplay is good it has the potential to be a good game."
76561198023576918,Recommended,236370,14456036,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,uni790,"Ok I didn't play much but definately recomended, there's not much to do ingame at the moment, but the multiplayer is working, and the single player is dark, and creepy.  It's more or less what the trailers are showing off, it is early access, and not working on everyone's mahines, but still worth a shot.  Will be buying myself shortly (as soon as funds allow), as I'm writing the review under the free week.ps: I haven't finnished neurogen yet, that robot in the dark chased me away, litterally."
,Recommended,236370,14471916,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Forest,"Very fun. This game is exciting and terrifying at times. The stealth system is very fun to utilize and it is very tactical. Some things could definetly be added though. Instead of jumping walls or fences, you should have the ability to vault over things just to make movements smoother and fluent. More weapons could absolutely be added, including additional co op and campaign missions. It gets difficult to play them over and over again. It would be nice if a co op gamemode with rounds of difficulty was added, so you have to hold out. ALso, when you pull up your mask the other player should be able to see it. A greater variety of robots would be interesting as well. A list of objectives would help when you become completely lost in a mission too."
,Recommended,236370,14266961,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jeff The Canadian,"Interstellar Marines. What can I say? Well, for one, CoD fans REALLY missed out on this one. Second, this review:Interstellar Marines is a sci-fi FPS that has AMAZING potential. I could see this being a revolutionary game in the near future. The devs are very involved with the community, it has a basic attatchment system, and the Co-op robots never seem to stop FREAKING ME THE HELL OUTOHMYGODPLEASEDONTKILLME!But, in all seriousness, this game is a very solid, immersive game, with the only thing that could add to the immersion is Oculus support. The Winter Holidays event is DM with the T-IM101: A christmas-light-filled, yelling, insanely stat-boosted Arnold Shwarzeneggar inside a spacesuit that possesses you when you touch a present. Yeah.The updates also never fail to bring new and interesting content, and you will be on the edge of your seat waiting for the next addition by Zero Pont Software.There aren't many weapons, but after you have the basic weapons (Assault Rifle, Pistol, SMG, Sniper Rifle, maybe a Grenade Launcher as a special pickup, etc.), they should focus on customization & attachments (If they aren't doing that already). The few weapons only adds to the balance and tactical-ness of the game.However, no system is without its... Kinks. Phone Guy said that, and it is very true, especially with Early Access games. The updates DO take a while to come out, so you'll be on the edge of your seat for a while. There is, however, no issue with crashing or glitching as far as I'm concerned.So, TL;DR, a very solid and immersive game with tight shooting, superb graphics, and updates and robots that never fail to impress and scare. Respectively.10/10"
,Recommended,236370,14372430,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Leviatus,For a Tactical FPS set in the future made by a staff of only 10-20 people... This is pretty damn good.
,Recommended,236370,14407776,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Count C.,great game
,Recommended,236370,14205906,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,れ丹爪モㄥモちち,"Wow, imagine this game as Dark Souls mixed with FPS Shooter games. Where darkness will get you, that you have to use flashlight to see, but remember they see you everytime you use flashlight or laser, they will hunt you down, Kill or be Killed. Would recommend this to friends."
76561198090042842,Recommended,236370,14305162,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,kakacaramel,"The game has a lot of potential, so get it while its cheap"
76561198028028720,Recommended,236370,14252792,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ArcticWarrior323,"Love this game! Got the spearhead edition, and it was worth every penny. Its come a long way, can't wait to see where it goes next!"
,Recommended,236370,9674229,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Nillz,I forgot i took my helmet off and♥♥♥♥♥♥4 friendley players10/10
76561198085205037,Recommended,236370,9644330,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Necromancer Zed,"This game has the potential to be something truly magnificent. Obviously this being in development means my main issue is the need for more content, but I am determined to remain patient. Apart from this, the game is visually delightful, the wonderful atmosphereic effects such as weather and lighting make it a pleasure to play, and once more mechanics such as skills and customisation are added, I predict many hours lost to this promising offering."
,Recommended,236370,9671022,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,robtilianhorror,Once I saw Area 51 I knew this game was going to be good.
76561198040674193,Recommended,236370,9676162,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Kinki Wankkinen,I die when i press k420/420
76561198009538563,Not Recommended,236370,31306752,Posted: 22 April,all,Grim Squeaker,"It took me quite a while to think of how to say this, as I rather love this game's concept and aims as they stood at the beginning. Sooooo......I climbed aboard the spacewagon early on n and plunged for the Spearhead package. The game as it was looked great, showed promise and the Devs seemed very enthusiastic and in touch with the fans. Yet, 4 years later there has been little serious progress in terms of content or having a full release in sight. This is why I can't recommend the game.The gameplay is good on the whole and the levels look good, though in need of polish, but the lack of progress worries me. I just hope this aint another case like DayZ standalone of years long development and never really living up to potential or promises.:-/I will update this if, in time, the Devs come up with a finished, or even just greatly improved, product."
,Not Recommended,236370,31493864,Posted: 1 May,all,constchar*,The atmosphere and overall presentation of this game is amazing but unfortunately updates are so infrequent and the updates themselves usually contain a trivial amount of new content. I wouldn't recommend this game until there is more content other than angry robots doing angry robot things in the dark.
,Not Recommended,236370,31914444,Posted: 23 May,all,Sevens,"Really wish this game would take off, I been a supporter of it for quite a while. Had an awesome concept and the multiplayer was awesome. But over time the developer of this game has been losing employees and has all but ceased development of this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,31911010,Posted: 22 May,all,Scrimmy Bingus,"I feel like this game is good and all, but its basically been in development hell forever. It will likely never be released. I honestly feel bad about that considering it was such an interesting idea."
76561197963935556,Not Recommended,236370,31549039,Posted: 4 May,all,Ubapook2,"Honestly this game could have been so good but the devs have failed us terribly. Sure I could play more before I judge, but it was pretty obvious what I was dealing with. A great idea, with great tactical approaches to combat and weapons, but falls short in everything it attempts due to a lack of effort on the Dev's end. A real shame."
76561198014675323,Not Recommended,236370,32705065,Posted: 23 June,all,specter,DO NOT BUY... DEAD GAME
76561198089429544,Not Recommended,236370,32706718,Posted: 23 June,all,Triceracops,Had so much potential. Unfortunately it seems dead. I can't reccomend buying it until it has more content released.
76561198097025712,Not Recommended,236370,32745933,Posted: 24 June,all,SS_Thanksforit,"It is a dead game, when I see more updates I'll happily play it"
76561198058433290,Not Recommended,236370,32744051,Posted: 24 June,all,Xuvin,Promises of an amazing game from a down in the dumps dev team made me pitty them enough to buy. Now with them still doing summer sales for a game that will never come out its clear this is a money grab plane and simple.
76561197960888767,Not Recommended,236370,21922289,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Namessar,"When I bought this game, it did have a 40 something dollars price tag and was nothing more than a fancy tech demo for unity. Was a fresh new release in the steam market.I knew it was early access, I knew the risks and I was totally ok with them.When I did support the early access, what I did expect was to get a tactical fps, like rogue spear/sw:republic Commandos, with a nice single player campaign, role playing elements, cooperative gameplay (if possible) and rogue spear (early ones) like tactical depth.  Multiplayer would be a bonus, increasing the playability even after beating the single player.I know all these would not be accomplished in an indie title so what I did expect was a clever way of implementing some of those, showing that a sequel may be very rewarding to bigger publishers.That is what you would expect when the developer claims that an eary access indie game will be like a AAA game.I did not have a negative opinion through the years when the gameplay mostly focused on multiplayer, thinking that it is just providing supporters something to spend time on, while also testing the developed concepts.I have only 2 hours something gameplay, because I wasn't a real fan of the multiplayer side, but still didn't see that as something negative.After so many months, it is very sad to see that a game so promising may not match the expectations. There is still hope though. I believe this game still has a great potential.While my review is thumbs down, I would give a neutral evaluation if I could. But steam only allows thumb down and thumb up, and in its current state it would be a lie to give it a thumbs up.It is not abandoned yet, so lets see what the outcome will be."
,Not Recommended,236370,33130881,Posted: 2 July,all,Thot Patrol,"bought this about 2 years ago , had some promising story ideas that any normal person would have assumed would have come out relativly soon , but 2 years later and whats different? a training level, wow, really useful, gotta train for those 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mission that are the entire game. (there are some other modes but they are just awful) another example of early access and why you should buy anthing that is early access, ♥♥♥♥ these devs"
,Not Recommended,236370,16707218,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TailGundham,"Soo, this was my Early Access experience. I haven't touched it in months and It hasn't improved much over the last 3 years.You tell me what else to say about this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,6413978,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,COLONEL FEUERBUSCH,"The Multiplayer features dynamic maps, which include: changing weather effects, complete darkness, platforms that rise or move from one place to another, if things would go out as intended the players would have to adapt to the different conditions, sadly none of these features have made it into the actual coop campaign levels which were the main reason why people actually bought the game in the first place.Maps often start in a huge open area but after the first 30% its corridor shooting from that point to the end and the AI enemies are the opposite of smart ,these often get stuck or look at other directions while heading to you, playing on higher difficultys increases the damage they do and their accuracy, however their old flaws remain, now they are just doing a 180 degree spin before shooting me straight into the head (even when they did not see me before).Now back to the Multiplayer part of the game, as expected from a game that is trying to stay close to realism your soldier dies within few shots, this combined with the dynamic maps would be the perfect opportunity to create a gamemode which would combine the strenghts of the dynamic map changes with teamwork, sadly there is no such game mode so far, instead we got teamdeathmatch, deathmatch, a mode which is a slight variant of teamdeathmatch and basically king of the hill, all these game modes are made for games which went into the direction of twitch shooters (heavily relying on reflexes instead of teamwork), especially because of gamemodes such as these it stands out that most of the effects like changing platforms or weather have barely to no impact on gameplay whatsover,especially since you are moving at a ridiculously slow pace through the giant maps (compared to the time you need to travel around key points of these maps) why should anyone leave their perfect camping spot if there are no risks in any sort of way for just staying there?The only effect that has impact is the daylight/night cycle which is leaving the map either in complete darkness making (new) players completely rely on their flashlights (if you are smart you wont use it since flying into the the twin towers draws less attention than doing that).This game has been in early access since 2013 and it still lags in content (singleplayer/coop and multiplayer wise), the game does not run very stable (its dropping from 100 frames per second to 25 sometimes aside from having hardware way above the recommended specs) and you can not open up your own lobbys if you want to play with your friends (if you want to play a specific coop map on your own server, too bad, you have to look for a server which is currently not full and then hope that people share your taste in maps; which isnt going to be that hard since the game is already dead)"
,Recommended,236370,10400581,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Saucy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G017cTVjyykits very heartbreaking to see this happen to such a great company that could most likely deliever if they had the right funding.
76561197982075647,Recommended,236370,9055979,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Wo_oT,Old Review:Not yet. I know its early access but this is pretty barebones they are just now adding things like jumping/crouching/running animations and sounds. This is a game to check back on in a year+New Review:I like where this game is going. The scavange mode and coop are good fun. Worth 10$
,Recommended,236370,14455993,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MeTT,"This game has a lot potential and is gratly supported, i had no doubt when buying it in early access even if i dont usually do."
76561198112219363,Recommended,236370,9211635,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,AzRespect,"Interstellar Marines is a fantastic sci-fi 1st person shooter. The developers show that they care by using tons of detail. The enviornments change, from day to night to rain to snow in just a short match. The player has so many decisions to make when this fantastic enviornment changes, you can use a flashlight attachment to your gun, have a laser sight, open and close your helmet visor. For example, in the night you can choose to use your flashlight to find people or you can creep around in the shadows (in the dark.) Another nice feature is you can walk around the maps by yourself and get to them before challenging others. This game is early access so you can imagine there are a few turn-off's as of right now, lag, the campaign has not been added yet, and sadly as far as I know there is only 1 or 2 guns in multiplayer. Overall though I would recommend it, if you are intrested I would purchase this game asap before it becomes to expensive because I think this game has a great future. It is a blast in my opinion similar to Halo and Call of Duty mixed with an amazing fighting enviornment. I would ABSOLUTELY recomend this game to anyone who likes 1st person shooter games."
,Recommended,236370,9060709,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,[tcc]`| Opiboble,"This is a fun, and smooth running even on my old system (6+ years), but still has a great look to it. In its current form since it is beta it is a great team PvP game."
76561198011479503,Recommended,236370,9282668,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TheeBeardedNoob,What an amazing game....and its only in Alpha. Ever evolving and adaptive. Love how the lighting is SOO realistic and the enviorment changes throughout the match changing the gameplay as it goes. Great buy for 15 bucks!!!!
76561198094889959,Recommended,236370,13346404,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,GamingHatchet,"Pros -I've gotta say that this game is awesome. Overall, the graphics are absolutely stunning, and the visual effects are extremely satisfying to look at.The gameplay itself is immensely realistic and enjoyable.The AI is good (and very scary too xD0Not only that, but the community is mature and very helpfulImmersive enviromentsPretty consistant updates :DConsOptimization - I get maximum 35 - 40 fps and it can very very occasionally drop down to 15 - 20A lot of servers are emptyThe Neurogen Incident is extremely laggy unfortunately since it is a gigantic map xDDoes need load-outs and more weapons :POverall score - 7.5/10 (but I reckon that when it is completed it will be atleast a 9.5/10 :P)Notes -I have a youtube channel - GamingHatchElite - it would be great if you could check it out!"
,Recommended,236370,9074701,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Xanderplayer,"This Game is in early alpha and its truly fantastic graphically and everything else. SUPPORT THIS GAME! there are Nine people working on it and they update frequently. This game needs as much support as possible. It is amazing what these few people are doing and I am super excited for the campaign and co-op campaign, and with more support, it can be finished faster. Whats more is that for right now, 15$ for the game forever is an amazing deal that is unregrettable. Anyone who is a Sci-Fi FPS (like halo and any other semi spacy short future stuff) fan would love this game. BUY IT. You read other comments saying bad things. But the more support this game gets the better it will become."
76561198065595602,Recommended,236370,9234075,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,StealthyManerism,This game is just pure multiplayer fun. I would highly recomend this game even though its still in alpha.
76561198096273774,Recommended,236370,9886480,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,EpicSlayer934,"Interstellar Marines is a very good first person shooter game. I am tempted to say it is one of the best I have played, but I have played many FPS games and so it would be  kinda hard to say it was one of the best. For an early access game though, it is amazing. The developers really seem to pay attention to every little detail to make the game immersive, tactical, and most of all playable. I say ""playable"" because some early access games may have alot of bugs/glitches, but Zero Point has done a great job of getting down to business and making the game very fun. I am looking forward to the future updates, and eventually the final release. this game is definately worth getting!"
,Recommended,236370,8496707,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Fernando [Sexual Lobster],This game is one of the best FPS i've ever played.It's playable (it's early acces )Just dont ask and buy it.Its the best Fps i played since BF3.
,Recommended,236370,14444595,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TR-8R [HIATUS FOREVER],"Awesome gameThe devs managed to combine the feel of a tactical FPS and the atmosphere of a Sci-Fi horror game. Multiplayer and co-op is frustrating yet fun. Has a campaign mission but only has 2 weapons currently.The ProblemThe ping is unstable and i managed to find a server glitch where the match is only 4 seconds long and then 'no winner is found', and it keeps repeatating. Respawn time is too long and it made lots of people rage quit (should be 60-70 sec instead of 100+).ConclusionInterstellar marines a good tactical FPS game in its own rights, it's spooky and challenging. I highly recommend this game for FPS/Sci-Fi horror fans and for those who seeks challenge and frustration."
76561198121175640,Recommended,236370,9538286,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,The_dark,This game is still in beta I think and let me tell you this is an awesome game. Plus theres a good community. Good work guys and keep the updates coming.
,Recommended,236370,8838092,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Arkness,"Great game so far, Can't wait for the Co-op mode to come out. Still could use some improvements."
,Recommended,236370,10009092,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,KaiserSalad,"The game is in and has been in early access for a long time. This may be due in part to the size of the development team and the scope of the game, but I'd consult some one else about that.For a pretty cheap early access game, IM offers a few multiplayer gamemodes and a few maps. It also boats a couple single-player challenges and two full-fledged missions.The game's has potential, but might be a while before it reaches it."
76561198031265092,Recommended,236370,16507950,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Harr0w,"shooting machanics are great leaning towards realistic damage (no bullet sponges to be seen). It is early access which is not to be forgotten, but for a small team zero point have a well rounded shooter on there hands.  the game modes ie single, coop and multiplayer give off and great impression of whats to come further down the development. Its an FPS to keep an eye on."
,Recommended,236370,14424791,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Akula,"Went to the Marines Academy hoping to kill robots (and some landsharks), then the lights go out and the robots kill me, with punches... 10/10 would die again____________________PS: When Binary Domain meets RAGEEDIT: HELL WEEK IS THE BEST MODE THERE IS! I live for co-ops but when said co-op turns out to be on survival mode it goes 1000x better! GG"
76561198063113184,Recommended,236370,14428786,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Atherium,"overall i find this game EXTREMELY immersive, good lighting, sound, combat. it made me feel like a real spec op marine, i would like to fight more than robots however in the campeign. in addition to the robots, one distinct problem i find is a lack of checkpoints in the game. i had a few occasions where i was at the last couple seconds of a mission, then i would die, only to see i had to start all over again. but  with the few levels in the game i suppose it is understandable, this does extend gameplay time, but not in a good way. if anything there should be a option to turn checkpoints on and off. i have had a chance to see what multyplayer had to offer and  i am VERY pleased with what they have done. but with all of its pro's and con's, i would rate this game a 7/10. it would take me to long to list and explain them all. this a game for all fps fans, i recomend grabbing your friends and playing this right now."
,Recommended,236370,14434226,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,ＦＲ０ＳＴ_(away from PC),"A simple yet, cool FPS game. Altough i recommend playing this game later on it's final stages since it's in early acess it's very limited in many ways and need some adjustments. Although it has potential. Was fun to play."
76561198090062093,Recommended,236370,8487010,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ManSpace,"Been playing this game for about three hours and it's very addicting. the constant shift in environments[multiplayer] forces you to adapt. also, tactics are vital in this game.[Example: When it's dark, try to use the flashlight as little as you can] The gameplay is smooth and the graphics are beautiful."
76561198072345997,Recommended,236370,10694899,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fight Doggo,"I absolutely love how immersive, realistic and expertly crafted this game is. If you don't own this game I URGE YOU to purchase it now. With the steam summer sale, it only costs around $11 (canadian). You get more then what you pay for with this game and you support a very caring and hardworking team of developers that are incredibly passionate for their creation. You got lots more then what you pay for from this game. I'm so excited for the future of this game.If any indie developer deserves some support, it would be Zero Point Software."
,Recommended,236370,13338943,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MLJESUS,"It may be empty right now but all it needs is time. Even at the state its in its still fun, scary and exiting. Give it a chance and you wont regret it"
,Recommended,236370,14419720,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,StickNik,"Oh my god. The intro level is so f***ing intense, and it's just some robots!"
76561198113268585,Recommended,236370,14431268,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Banditos Way,"I have only played the single player so far but from what i have played i am really liking this game. the main things that make this game fun for me  are:1. there is no mini map to show where the bad guys are2. there are no checkpoints so if you die , you start over on the mission3. i feel the aiming and handling of the weapons is super smooth and just feels really good4. these 3 things together make for a slow paced, very tactical shooter where you must move slow and constantly check the environment around you to not end up dead and back at the start.5. terminator robots, who don't like those?6. realistic mode is very challenging seeing as you will die from one hit from the robots, but very satisfying when your able to pick off the enemies and progress.7. the dark creepy environment where its best to leave the fllashlight off and only use it briefly to get a quick view of your surroundings. to me it keeps me on edge and my heart pounding.8. the devs are in the forums answering questions and making sure they stay civil and trying to keep the trolls and flamers outin conclusion i say give this game a shot it's free for the week so you have nothing to lose especially as it's only 1gb to download so like 2minutes of your time. i's not gonna be for everyone but if you like tactical games where you don't just run around like some movie hero who can't be hurt it might be for you. I'll add more once  i have tried co-op and mp. plus i know for $6 i will get my monies worth even if it takes the devs a while to finish it.edit: im thinking checkpoints on the easiest difficulty might be nice just so you can figure out how to complete a mission without dying after 2hrs not knowing if you were close to the escape or in the entirely wrong spot, but i hear they might be coming"
,Recommended,236370,13819454,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HazN,░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝﻿FOR A STEAM EARLY-ACCESS GAME!
,Recommended,236370,16276072,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Lorddis,While playing this game i found out that not only did the game make me belive i was on a space station but the intesity of the misssion was amazing. I would definedly recomend this game.8/10for the gameplay but it is missing some more missions and other emviroments
76561198006111830,Recommended,236370,14452227,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,"Ghee ""The Heater"" Buttersnaps",We need more games like this to save the FPS genre on PC. I'll take this any day instead of the bloated DLC console jockeys that dominate the console gaming market.
,Recommended,236370,12637024,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,I can raise my helmet's visor :D 10/10 <3
,Recommended,236370,14571654,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Black Glokage,"Short versionThis game is like finding a woman who cooks in 2015. It's rare and makes you happy, so you'll hold on to it for dear life.Full reviewhttp://youtu.be/GjDTwgZVdWg"
,Recommended,236370,14414448,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,St0l3n_ID,"A realistic FPS.You die in one or two shots. But can be revived by teammates if they are close.Please note that my review soley focuses on Multiplayer and does not include the story missions as i havent tried them.The game features rather fast, combat but asks the player to be sneaky. The good part: This actually works. You find yourself carefully going through each room, sprinting over open areas and crawling through bushes.The map design first struck me as cheap. Until i played 2 minutes and realized that the maps are constantly changing while you are in it. Every map does it differently. Most maps change daytime and weather conditions (pitchblack night to rainy day in 5 seconds). Other maps lock certain doors and activate different lights. Yet another map actually elevates/decends entire buildings a floor up/down.Now for the game and respawn mechanics, which after the maps is the best part.The goal  is to either clear the map from the enemy teams players (killlsssss) or having control over all the capture points. The respawn timer is 2 minutes. Yep. 2 MINUTES. But thats not bad at all, if your team is capable, because if someone captures a point, one teammate respawns, circuimventing the timer completly. Should someone end up being the last one alive and gets a kill, that will spawn one teammate back into the game as well.The order of respawn is first in first out (or rather first out first back?), so if you die first in the team, you will be the first one to be back in game as well.In many ways it reminds of Insurgency, but it has no lying down, no looking around the edges, plus its respawn/capture mechanic is pushing you torwads more aggressiv play. It feels more action packed then Insurgency in that matter, but has less depth. Yet its not inferior. Lets put it like this: If Insurgency was to slow for you this might be exactly your thing.As its early access, i'ld love to say this: Some more maps, another gamemode maybe, and at least some skins or whatev for your guy and guns when you level up. The game lacks any real progression, and i think new guns would hurt the gameplay more then they would help it. So focusing on skins would be better.If you mistrust Early Access, dont buy it. But otherwise its already very promising.'nuff said."
76561198081954112,Not Recommended,236370,16739754,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SquidWarderino,waste Of money I want my money back!!!!the trailer is awesome but its a lie to the game.the game sucks!
76561198149329138,Recommended,236370,17306518,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,calvincheng79,"intersellar marines is a tactical fps game its dark its beautiful and overall a great game, but the down side is not many peaple play it. Its a fun game that everyone should play"
,Recommended,236370,16729557,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,fucking furries,"Played during free weekend a while ago. It was fun and interesting, but my computer couldn't handle the graphics and there was no way to turn them down. Willing to give it a try now that it's more finished *wink*"
,Recommended,236370,10275662,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Baker,"This game even though it's still in it's early stages is really fun to play, there's a really good community and awesome developers who interact and care for the community as well as the game, i've been excited about this game since i first saw it a couple years ago, i've played it and it doesn't dissapoint, i really can't wait to see what the devs pull out of the bag next. I really recommend this game as it is going to continously improve from here."
,Not Recommended,236370,26481005,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Noildeb,Do not buy this game. This game will never make it out of early access. It's really a shame.
,Recommended,236370,22625304,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LaCryMoSa,Another great game that stuck in development HELL.But it is still quite fun with a while.
,Recommended,236370,9541733,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,It took at least two years to get the helmet visor fog effects JUST RIGHT! I can't WAIT to see what they impliment in 2024! Awesomely stupid prerelease.
,Recommended,236370,13074901,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[Protec] Knight,"Oh my god this game is so great. This game is only in the early stages and it is filled with so much and is so great with amazing immersion and cooperative works. Realism is so great and addiciton levels are through the roof with this science shooter!!! Get the game, it's so well polished, textured, programmed, and everything. Levels have bugs SOMETIMES since it is in it's early stagesd but besides that it's so freaking great!!!!!9/10"
,Not Recommended,236370,14422795,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tenshi,"Great game, but abandoned :'("
,Recommended,236370,14487234,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[PG]MajorMishap,"First impression: What a FPS should be. Having cut my game teeth on Wolfenstien,Doom and Quake in ID's shareware beginnings, I found this game to be a great step forward. It is not easy, but if it is easy it soon lacks fun and challenge. I am having a bit of control issues as it is more real in its physcis than the average game of today. Also I have just recently returned to using a mouse as opposed to a trackball and am still getting used to moving the mouse around. The A.I. of the N.P.C. 's (currently robots) is excellent and random in nature, much like hunting humans.  I only have played a few hours so far, but expect to spend a good deal more time in the future. An odd note on server selection is though I reside in the intermountain west the best ping times are to the EU servers, far better times than the US West or East servers. The learning curve is quick and simple with only 2 weapons , however unlike most current shooters there is no auto reload when the guns go empty. Also there is a limit to sprint and jump functions so there is no hopping to avoid fire(yeah) and sprint is soon exhausted (just like for real).  In summary it is well worth watching this one , It should prove to be interesting to see where it goes and hope it does not fall apart as BulletRun did (i really liked that one). at this early stage I would say {7 of 10}. Enjoy."
76561197964356244,Recommended,236370,30377131,Posted: 7 March,all,Arkady SK,"It lags alot, even though I meet recommended requirementsBut I will support the devs ..."
,Recommended,236370,30159358,Posted: 24 February,all,Silv3rshadow,"I thumbed up yes, why?It is good fun with others for a few hours on the hardest difficulty and at lan partys.The game doesnt have much for it unfortunately, im not sure what the games future holds besides the space sharks that hasnt been released over 2 years now.It has some objective based missions with panels you select spread across the map that you walk back and forth to activate. like i said, the game dont have much, but it is definitaly worth giving a go, a few jump scares here and there, its great with headphones to immerse yourself, the game has some potential, but i just cant see much progress at all in development. the game is ok, but that is all."
,Recommended,236370,14468787,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Total Coaster,"This game is very addicting and has endless gameplay, get this game!"
,Recommended,236370,3516226,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,chomsky dreamcoat,"this will eventually be a great game..buy it now and save money, but don't play it until its completely finished otherwise you will be horrendously disappointed."
76561198035610915,Not Recommended,236370,22587884,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,-Dom-,"Such a great game ruined by laziness or ineffectiveness of the devs, really could've been a top notch game but it's basically dead now, updates once a year and no one plays it anymore... Idk how hard it has to be to add a leaning function, prone function and so many more simple features that could be added but the developer(s) are either incapable or lazy"
76561198134828484,Recommended,236370,21485113,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[bluestreak] NOVA,fun but needs more guns and vehicles
,Recommended,236370,9670627,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GG.Azazel` ♬,Great Game ;) Waiting for the sharks thing :3!
76561198126212912,Recommended,236370,9670939,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GazOG,weapon sway is to much. apart from that its ok. need more weapons and a co-op mission
,Recommended,236370,17248479,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"They just updated to Unity 5 and it looks amazing.  It's running 150FPS on my 120hz monitor, it looks SICK.  The sound FX are insane too."
,Not Recommended,236370,9656527,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,dc,"Rating 1/10Another decent and hopeful title, gone with the winds of time. One day, the dev may get another team and continue where he left off, but in the interim I can't recommend this to anyone for purchase. Thank you for the memories ZPS."
76561198073619693,Recommended,236370,8764818,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sigma,What happened to the role-play top secret mission part..  I like the game but I don't see any man shark things.
,Recommended,236370,12481508,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ＰａｐａＳａｍ,"This is one great indie game, but need improvment.The game looks like those Ubisoft fancy trailers with the actors talking.I think this game can have a good future he just need a little bit more players playing and people sharing their experiences, i know this game is not beign update for a almost a year, but, its a great game, trust me"
,Recommended,236370,13242892,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Brassdragon,Overall a great game! Yet it does lack incontent (which it being added). I give it an B+ only becasue of lack of content.
76561197999771476,Recommended,236370,13580972,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nonamebadass,A very fun game. Best plyed with others in coop
,Recommended,236370,35144795,Posted: 22 September,all,Lily,"This game is really beautiful, worked in a beautiful way and surely has the best ambiance i've ever ssen in a shooter. People are saying the game is dead, well, it's not. I mean, you wont find any multiplayer games but that's because the is being worked on in a slow pace. Even so, the things that have already been created are enough for the price they are charging, I mean, for real. If you are someone who likes realistic shooters help support this game, ITS STILL BEING WORKED ON! (I bought it at around 2013  and didnt regret a bit)."
,Recommended,236370,35157091,Posted: 23 September,all,Suikervrij Konijn,The Developer of this game has so much passion for his game that he works a full time job now and work on the game besides that. I ve never seen such a passionate person and the game could really turn into a awesome experience in the future when more content is avaible. As of now the game is really amazing only its a shame not much people play it anymore.
,Recommended,236370,35141307,Posted: 22 September,all,Rebel,"If you're interested in funding a game that has potential, here's your chance. It has a lot of traction but is in need of more horsepower to get it moving at a steady pace. If you're interested in programming, and lending a generous hand, I'm sure the dev wouldn't mind a bit of assistance."
76561198123009650,Not Recommended,236370,14431848,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,✪ SPEC1AL,"I would recommend this game before . But since I have waited more new features for a long time , I totally disappointed about this game . The updates are too slow ."
76561198117289619,Not Recommended,236370,33740985,Posted: 23 July,all,Gaming Nun,"sad to say, but the game is dead...could have been something good. the 2 missions are still fun to replay over and over."
76561197963588013,Not Recommended,236370,32431381,Posted: 15 June,all,Ushiri Arrowhell coop,"Goal was SWAT 4 with sci-fi weapons in a campaign in co-op, but has so far ended up with  Counterstrike with sci-fi weapons."
76561198026606076,Recommended,236370,14449699,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Piggy saBinring,Realistic enough that I wanted to wipe the gunk off the goggles so that I could see better :P
76561198018216976,Not Recommended,236370,26162897,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Baul Part,"This game looked promising but it's dead. There haven't been any major updates since release. The devs have left with the money. Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I regret spending my money on this pile of junk and I honestly think steam should refund those who got ripped of, or at least remove the product from steam."
76561198059371085,Recommended,236370,14507889,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SnootleBoop,"10/10 a 'demo' with great potentialI'll make this brief and simple and to the point, okay?OkayInterstellar Marines is a game that I found, upon playing it, has a wonderful amount of charm and potential.Yes, the weapons are currently limmited to the standard SMG and the Assault Rifle, and yes, there's not a whole ton of REAL missions in the singleplayer (by REAL I mean The NeuroGen Incident and the Starcrown Assault), which brings me to my main point of the game.It's not finished...When I look at this game, I think of it as more of a Singleplayer/Muliplayer/Co-Op, tactical, space, first person shooter demo.So if you want to buy this game, I say 'Go for it'.Just keep in mind that this game is unfinished, and that I cannot be held responsible should anything go to crap, okay?OkayP.S. If you've made it all the way down here, I appreciate it, and will let you know that you can find both Valve and 20th Century Fox references within the NeuroGen Incident. Simply listen closely to the station's announcement system, and you'll find them :3"
,Recommended,236370,9652348,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Purple_storm,"Alright, quick review after a couple of matches.The concept, I love it, it focuses around team-work, covering eachother and completing objectives (far as I know there's only a domaination gamemode), not only that it focuses on tactics but your ability to score headshots as bodyshots are practically and as far as I've seen, is the only way to take another player out.With that said, the difficulty is increased futher the only gun your given (a SMG) is suprisingly unweildy with a ""tough but fair"" recoil, it seems to be designed around the players skill, like for instance:It was quite possible for me to perch myself at a vantage point and take headshots from somewhere between medium and long range, it can be, by no means be a makeshift sniper rifle but the reason it's possible for me to pull it off is only because the first shot is percise and the sight is clean and simple.One thing I also must point out is that the weapon your given has 2 accessory's, a flashlight and a laser sight:The flashlight is useful for dark area's and spotting enemy's as they don't have any indicator or name-tag appear but doing so might give away your position so sometimes it's better to keep it off and hide in the dark (choice is yours).Now one thing that took me a while to notice is that there is no crosshair, none (mostly because I don't play games with one where there's alturnatives) you've only got your ironsight for percise aiming but obviously iron sight's impractical if in closer quaters which is what the laser sight is for, it allows you to aim percisely from the him but this also comes with the drawback as enemies will also be able to see your laser beam and can track it right to your position, so both are quite useful but  thourght and caution is needed before using them.There are a few design choices that I like and dislike but both are by no means should be used for judgement on wether should be considered positives or negatives as they are my own personal prefrences:Positvies (+):+ Real emphisis around teamwork, skill and tactics+ As matches goes on, the level's change conditions (from light to dark, from clear to foggy, from thick updrafts to rain)+ Gun add-on's gives extra flavor to combat .Negatives (-)- Obviously the game is not finished so you will be stuck with the same gun and gamemode but there's some variation of maps that I found quite sufficiant and intresting as well, especially how the level's morph and make full use of the landscape.- Not as many players as I would of liked to see playing the game- When you get hit it disables your hud which also means your teammate's indicators resaulting in possibly you accidently killing your teammate.Overall, a very promising game and worthy of consideration."
76561198131422078,Recommended,236370,9684722,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,peik joonatan,"it truly is just a demo now... but im hoping them to patiently create it forwards and make it awesome and smoother :)the ability to change weapons and upgrade them would be great and also would be fun to use grenades and gadgets. still waiting to see and fight with the landsharks on the field :D There sure is a looong wayt to go, but the game feels promising."
,Recommended,236370,9649567,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Jadeia,"First impressions are very good. The game is already smooth and plays nicely. Environments are rich, the maps are interesting with some dynamic twists. Definately happy with my purchase."
76561198043088792,Recommended,236370,9652778,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DeAthKeY,"Interstellar Marines is a game that reches for the stars. With a creative new way of making a fps simulation of future warfare in a multiplayer game. Even in its early stages it shows effects and gameplay elements that rival with half life and other great shooters that have come out over the years. Anamation may not be finished and ai still to be seen, but what it has so far is done with polish and has great stile. Its the game that just keeps getting better and i give it a 8/10 and expect it to get a 10/10 in the future."
,Recommended,236370,9694258,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Uncle Gubsy,"It's pretty good as it is; a barebones shooter, not many bugs. But it could be so much more. Hopefully they add lots of new content in the future. I have high hopes."
,Recommended,236370,9648349,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,The New Cashell,"All I say is that the future looks bright, certainly has a lot of potential with all of its special mechanics that most common FPS shooters don't have, of course the game does feel nice to control and the enviroments look great, it's still in beta, but that doesn't mean a thing in terms of quality, this game will do great!"
,Recommended,236370,12004758,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Wydamn,"Still in very early stages and with somewhat limited content, but very beautiful and very promising. A good tactical shooter with a very strong emphasis on visuals and environment. The maps are beautiful and interesting, offering different tactical challenges and opportunities. Still some performance optimizations planned apparently, although it works excellent on my NVIDIA GTX 760 card running under Linux, and for an Early Access game it seems to be relatively bug free.The biggest thing that sets this apart from other shooters is the use of the changing lighting and weather effects to create quickly changing scenarios; and it's so satisfying to just flip on your flashlight and open fire on an unsuspecting enemy in the dark."
,Recommended,236370,8983200,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Scourgy,"Okay the reasons I would recommend this game: The graphics look excellent in every map, I cannot say i have ever felt this immerced in an FPS In all my life and that is down to the lighting and dynamic changes in the setting. For example Alarms going off and the only light you see is comming from the rotating caution lights. Its Super creepy playing online and I noticed my heart beat racing from time to time with the sheer jumpy-ness.Highly recommend for what this game could be and from the looks of the video one that might in future support the occulus rift! I for one might like to take a trip to the Christmas Map next december and go on a killing spree whilst wearing the rift. Ultimate Shopping Stress Relief! (USSR for short ;)"
,Recommended,236370,12269857,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,User,"I remember when I first got this game.  It's come a very long way, and has become the most reliable early access game I've ever had the pleasure of buying."
,Recommended,236370,9663947,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RevOcelot,"Great value (especially during sales) - even in its current stage, it's worth its money.But you don't really buy this game for what it is now - You can see and feel these guys are creating this game out of pure ideology. The fact that this game has been made by a very, very small teams of devs blows your mind because it seems so dedicatedly polished (there are some rough edges here and there, but you still feel the polish).It's constantly evolving, and I can't wait for the new updates. Especially for new weapons. Will definitely keep checking the game out every now and then.Graphically speaking, it's doing well - especially the artstyle (quite sterile) fits the game perfectly.If you like Rainbow Six, this is for you."
,Recommended,236370,12257508,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,arnzzz,"Today they released the first of the CO-OP/single player missions and I have to say its a fantastic first installment.VERY atmospheric, VERY scary at times, the first enemy I encountered i nearly wet myself in panic lol :)I was a little disapointed in how long it was taking Zero Point to add a campaign mode as im not a huge multi player shooter player, and up until now thats all that was really available, but after my intial play through of this update my confidence with these guys is through the roof :)They have a solid, though small team of guys over there who clearly have a solid vision for what they think a modern take on an ""old school"" scifi shooter should be, and I think they have it spot on.IF YOU HAVENT BOUGHT THIS GAME YET, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY IT TODAY !!!!!!!!im so excited for future content now :)"
76561198007260191,Recommended,236370,8965409,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,BREADcatFACE,"Everyone who is alive and cares about the revival of a TRUE FPS must purchase this game and deliver these people as much money as possible. Right now, it's a wonderful hardcore shooter that needs to be upgraded. These devs understand what gamers want in a space FPS and seem to be very inspired by good shooters (HL2, System Shock 2) and good space movies (Alien, Old Star Trek). They know what they're doing and every idea they've thought of so far I want to see in this game!"
76561198066896489,Recommended,236370,13433989,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Chur Bum,This game CREEPS me out!... the robots... the darkness... 10/10
76561198064822988,Recommended,236370,9212722,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The Law,"This game, ambititous, but within good reason. Even at this stage, it has more enjoyability than most other FPS games. ZPS is always hard at work on this game and it is very much a worthy cause. Just reading the description of the game led me to buy it a while back when i could barely run it. IM is very much early access but enjoyable to me nonetheless. I highly recommend this game to anyone because the concept and gameplay are anything but finished, yet the product is functioning at something more fun than other shooters currently. If you feel the need, support the game and devs because this is one of my most anticipated games of the coming years."
76561197972543007,Recommended,236370,14417750,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,GunnerGraham,Just play it.
,Not Recommended,236370,25580109,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,(SxP) FozzyOgoody,♥♥♥♥ this game i got it the day it came out for early access and they havent done anything to it in 2 years except add these stupid robot missions
76561198065476552,Recommended,236370,12281843,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Brug,Co-Op is out now so we all need to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥right now. HAVE YOU SEEN THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING REALISM?
76561198064345406,Not Recommended,236370,25193770,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[ULG] Mr.Keh,"I saw this game online on a game website years ago and made an account and played the free training course and target shooting the game offered. I always wanted this game after I saw it and would always be checking on updates and what the devs were doing, the concept and idea of the game was amazing and sounded like a new amazing co-op and maybe horror game with an optional PVP mode but the soul of the game would be the amazing story and co-op/single player gameplay. Then back to 2013, I saw the game finally went on to steam early acces and was excited and instantly bought the spearhead edition and gave the free key to a friend. We played and checked it out, it was only pvp on like 2 or 3 maps but I didn't care, it was early access and just released so I still had hope and faith in this game. Then came some time after early access release, more PVP updates...still nothing for co-op, even more time, they finally released something..a small concept of co-op is what it seemed like, it was fun for the first run through of it but then it still seemed bland and not much. Still more time goes by and a new PVP mode and a few updates to co-op and singleplayer, just basically the co-op but a lone. I still had a little bit of hope in this game for a while but right now, three years and nothing to show for and very few to no promises made, I'm starting to struggle even thinking this game will get anywhere, I can't even touch the game anymore, theres nothing. I just comepletely forgot about this game and the company and so did the whole community. The community is lost in their hopes for an amazing co-op and singleplayer game that just probably will never happen. Many of the people who bought this were long fans of the game and thought we were finally going to get what we have been waiting years for. I can't recommend this game to anyone, just not now and the sad truth probably never. It's just an idea left in hiatus. So, don't buy this game. It shouldn't be on steam and its not going anywhere, we never got the co-op or singleplayer we were promised. Just so many PVP updates, it took so long for the first co-op to come in and it was just fighting robots and pressing E on things. Do not get this game, maybe sometime in the future we'll have the game we were promissed and hoped for, but probably not for a long time.If you want this game for PVP it's dead. Completely dead, no one plays anything but around 7 play PVP."
76561198040879733,Recommended,236370,12253646,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,painsaw911,"one of my favorite FPS, just as great or better than Battlefield and counter strike.The flog limits the range of fights making it crucial you watch your back, dark environments make you use flashlights, sound is so suttle you have to listen carefully, dying is truly punishing which makes you play as if your doing airsoft.  The game is so emersive and intresting.The some maps have an arcade theme, others feel like a swamp, and some feel normal.Recoil is hard to understand at first, but basically you have to tap fire.  New rifle makes it easier for long range fights, while the standard weapon shoots like a close range SMG."
,Recommended,236370,14408851,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Target Practice®,"5/10, could use more Loki"
,Not Recommended,236370,32725197,Posted: 24 June,all,Lonewolf,Lies and deceit. This game is not complete. DO NOT BUY THIS!This game has run out of funds and the developers are no longer working on it.
,Recommended,236370,12664281,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Starfishman12,"I found interstellar marines to be a great game. I really enjoyed the game. I like the little additions like being able to open your helmet (as it removes hud). Though it only has 2 firearms currently impletmented its still in Alpha so i forgive it. And they are slowly adding more and more content to the game, I love personally playing the NeuroGen Incident co-op. Though i still cant wait till they add the LANDSHARKS! I personally recommend this game to those who are patient and enjoy a game with a nice story and realism mixed in with interesting ideas."
76561197993362089,Recommended,236370,12575944,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Juunro,"Amazing game. If this is what Colonial Marines had been like, it'd have gotten GOTY instantly."
,Recommended,236370,12454716,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Elerosse,"With the most recent update and the first addition of coop, the neurogen incident is a certainly fun and atmospheric operation, keeping the hairs standing up on the back of your neck with every corner."
76561197982599083,Recommended,236370,11177568,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,kcanale1,"Hi,Really wihed I had not bought this game although I do believe its my puter. I have a Gateway laptop 2.4 gig dual core intel cpu running at 800 MHZ. Only have 512 of video but do have 4 gigs of ram. Running Ubuntu 14.04 ( trusty ). Frame rate so slow I can't even play the game although it does start.  Very, very memory intensive. Wish I had known as I am older and on disability, guess I shouldn't be spending my money on games with my limited income, but it's better than hanging at the community center with all the other old farts. Guess I'll just hold off on these type of graphic intensive games until I can afford a more powerful computer. I just couldn't resist tyrying the game after seeing the trailer."
,Recommended,236370,12253947,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[MegaTred],needs more sharks!
,Recommended,236370,12005924,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"This is a truly good game.  This is an alpah review as of 09/06/2014 so things will change.It feels, and I dare say this, like a futuristic cs:source.The weapons take presicion to handle and it doesn't take more than a couple of well placed rounds to take you out.  The respawn time is punishing, it varies based on how well your team is doing and sometimes you might just have to wait out the round.The graphics aren't anything crazy, but they look pretty good.  The weather, rain and wind, are amazing!  So are the sounds!  The darkness of the levels is really fun too.  It teaches you to pay attention to where you move.This game is good.  I hope that it does leave alpha stage and makes some good money because it has so many cool ideas that haven't really been done before."
,Recommended,236370,3041328,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,nikeon,So much potential allready.If the Dev`s keep it up this could be something in the future.
,Recommended,236370,7794648,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Malemann,Is Best Game. 10/10. Would Bang In Space. Or The Space Craft. Or The Developers' Cubicle. Office Building. Even On The Shark Lizard Hybrid. Everywhere. Anywhere.
,Not Recommended,236370,30240396,Posted: 28 February,all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,"I bought the game in 2014 and based of what I've played since the first time I opened it, they've added a gun and a couple mission."
,Recommended,236370,14479711,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,{[SLO]}TheSabre66,I was looking for a game like this for a long time! A tactital game wich is lots of fun!
,Not Recommended,236370,24736392,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,W O W S O N,"I baught this game as a freshman in highschool (Like a week after it was avalabe). Really had high hopes for what the game would become. I love horror games and was hopefull that this would fill the gap that Metro left unfinished.  I'm now about to leave for college, and the only thing they have added to this game are robots to play agains. This game is a broken promise and an offence to the people who actually apriciate video games.-0/10 ""The only thing we can brag about is our vizor mechanic""- Zero Point Software"
,Recommended,236370,9766709,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Germ,"Great game if you like stealth mixed with FPS. I really enjoy the game's layout. Although it may have a few bugs, they're not that big of a deal.I'd recommend this to anybody I know."
,Recommended,236370,24184868,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tim,"Try F2P with cosmetic items devs, It may bring the game back. People eat that♥♥♥♥♥♥up for some reason."
,Recommended,236370,8355578,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Spleashmicannon,"This is a great game. I'll admit, it's a bit of a rip-off now (they've increase the price by $2 after adding three story missions, 2 new guns, a bunch of other missions and a few new maps) but with the freatures their promising they're basically giving it to you for free. You all have a SMG, Assualt Rifle and Pistol (that looks like some sort of sub-rifle?) with a reflex sight, laser and torch so everything is fairly balanced. The devs are doing really well they have a great community full of people that can help you and make your expeirience as fun as possible although they are very, very, very, very... slow. The single player/co-op that they've added needs some work aswell, it's very shallow and simple. The missions are basically, go to place, kill robots, go to place, kill robots etc. . Some are literally elmination with just robots for you to kill and if your serious about playing this game (as in CSGO mindset serious) they'd be good for practicing on but they're kinda boring. The mulitplayer is whats worth playing. Since there isn't that many people if your not on at peak times you don't play at all and if you have a bad computer/internet you are stuffed. Peak times include: 8:00am -> 12:00am and midnight in Australian time. This is just from my experience and people tend to play more on weekends aswell. Another thing is that I noticed people raged about how defensive the devs are and while I'm guessing their right in my experience (which isn't a terrible amount) the devs have been great. Honestly some of the best indie/early access devs I've worked with excluding big companies (e.g. valve). Hope this updated review is more helpful.This video is what they were up to at the beginning of 2015 i believe:http://steamcommunity.com/app/236370/discussions/0/864978109704524930/P.S. Since when does an Australian get a ping of 40 on Euorpean servers and 300 on Australian servers?"
,Recommended,236370,8402717,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Avici,"Fun game, great visuals, and if you have a low spec PC its some what easy to run. For the amount of time I have played this, I have had a great time!"
,Recommended,236370,27266060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ben The I.T. Guy,"Very basic stages of a ""game"" but better than some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you can find on steam. This game caught my interest before it made it thought steam and i was one of the origional backers (check the end game logs for ""gnodabisme"") but this was a few years ago, so far its got a little bit of coop , it took like 6 years for them to bring out a coop mission type. I recon another 10 years and we might have the sexy shark creatures featrued in the graphical test chamber."
76561197964094171,Not Recommended,236370,30107536,Posted: 22 February,all,SuchACard,"Can't play the game.The fire button on the mouse doesn't work if there is a gamepad connected.  I use combination of mouse and gamepad when playing.  What good is an FPS can if you can't fire.  Developer has known about this game breaking bug for almost a year now and it has not been fixed.I've played hundreds of games on Steam using combination of mouse and gamepad.  Strange or not, this is how I play games and it's impossible to play the game this way because the game is disabling the mouse when a gamepad is detected (even when I select the option in the game to ignore the gamepad).Given that this game was released for early access back in the July 2013, the game is an epic fail in my mind.  You would have thought that a bug that makes you unable to fire would have gotten more attention from the developer."
76561198000358794,Recommended,236370,13774959,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zero,"Just excellent. Ever been bothered by predictable A.I, or games that are 'set in their ways?' Up to now, there has been little predictability in this game, which makes it the most interesting shooter I have ever played. Camping means countermeasures by very intelligent A.I.'s, which work together constantly to close in on their target: You! Which means you must do everything you can to convince them you are not there. If one cannot learn to work as a team and understand how much communication, routine, persistance, adaptation and covering each other is needed, well, the adversary does! And that is just part one of this still developing game, which is promising indeed. Up 'till now, I have only played against the Combat Robots. You will fear them. You will grow to hate them. Their sound, look and zombie-like behaviour. That's ok, they really seem to hate organic intelligence too. You will thoroughly enjoy gunning down each and every one of them, which is another thing you have in common with them. In fact, it doesn't feel right to leave one standing. Even though you are a badass marine, somehow you will understand and appreciate a certain BeeGee's -song. You will scream, you will run, and you will cry, which is why this game is best played with friends in CO-OP. After all, aren't friends the people you share laughter, despair and your vulnerabilities with? And just to be clear, this game is not for people who believe in 'health-bars', cool guns vs. effective guns, or fair game. You're the game. Fair enough. This will make you experience the future of shooter games. Because that is exactly what it is. That, and the end of noobism."
,Recommended,236370,9298631,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Nationside,"This game, even though it is in a very early alpha state, shows crazy amount of potential. Being both a PVP Multiplayer game, and a horror co-op game, I can see this game going very far. Buggy: Yes, but that's beside the point. It's worth the $15. Please buy this."
,Recommended,236370,13799291,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[VI] fanboy,"The very first thing this game does, before you even see the main menu, is make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.10/10 Pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.[The atmosphere is perfect.  There is so much that they have already gotten right that it is well worth buying at/near full price.]"
,Recommended,236370,13603376,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ignis0000000000000000000000,It's a pretty neat concept and still needs a LOT of work. It's fun but don't expect too much... yet.
,Recommended,236370,13682402,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,n woef,"Heart attack simulator, best played with friends."
76561198087229598,Recommended,236370,9355678,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,SilentBanshee424,One of the best alphas I've ever played.  It's gonna go places.
,Recommended,236370,14061480,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,YEAH BOI,awesome
,Recommended,236370,13558306,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,EctoSha,"I like one-kill headshots, so long-range is good. Pretty good so far."
76561198035608063,Recommended,236370,14422040,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[WS]TheHarrynator,"I only had to play this game for a very short time to know that it has solid foundations to become a great game, the elements of the game which are already in play are very well done, and does well to become quite immersive. Yes it's early access so it could certainly do with work, such as more content and such, but I feel given time, this game can become something I will be playing long into the future."
,Recommended,236370,8355658,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,InfinityEmperor,this game is awsome and i cant wait for the full version to be finalized
,Recommended,236370,8527064,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KnightofHavoc,"Amazing! I know the game in unfinished and still buggy but it has so much potential! The helmet/hud mechanic is so immersive and the weather/environement is some of the best ive ever seen, if the finished product lives up to its potential it will be a great blend of tactical shooter and fps. Keep up the great work!!"
76561198090607761,Recommended,236370,8510495,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BLACK MAMBA™,I go way pass all of the system requirements and the game is gives me really bad laggy gameplay. So I don't know if its just the game but it needs a big fix.
,Not Recommended,236370,18688751,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Viper691,good promise if it gets completed....really suprised it has been in EA for 2yrs and still so rough.
76561197963326166,Recommended,236370,12893146,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tigrid,"10/10 - and I expect it will only get better.These guys are going to make a superb game. Viscerally immersive, I have to take frequent breaks, scared my heart will beat itself to death. Am desperate to get the lads over to see which one of us freaks first.In terms of immersion, would love to see TrackIR support for independent head movement  (á la Arma series) and am looking forward to the ""RTVP"" voice comms that, on paper, is going to be an industry leading, gold-star feature.Please buy this and get excited about what it will become."
76561197961795651,Recommended,236370,12608475,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Raysel,"This game is GOOD, even in its early stage you can see its tactical action. Unfortunately since the Co-op has been implemented the ""teamkillers"" started to arose, i hope they add the option to start a vote kick or else or at least turn off friendly fire because these guys can really ruin your experience."
76561198050394690,Recommended,236370,12811063,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Captain McCloud,"Intersteller Marines shows a lot of promise, though need a lot of work still.Multiplayer works well enough, but I haven't played it much since I seem to die every minute. The singleplayer/co-op mission that was released not too long ago is pretty good, considering it was the first one available on Steam (Though I've only played singleplayer version). However the AIs are stupid and sometimes run right past you.My favorite feature of this game is the lighting effects, which are some of the best I've seen in a video game: very dark or very bright all in the right places, and synthetic lights flicker and die when you shoot them.The helmet effects are also really well done, with water drops in the rain, smooth transition when it's rained or lowered, and vision seems to be a little cearer when its up, though all hud-elements disappear (which is a nice, realistic touch). Also it's nice how when you're crouching, you peak over cover while aiming down-sight.The game's nowhere near finished, but what they have is great, and I look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,236370,13563286,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SumSumGuy,"Now you might be thinking to yourself, how can you give this game a positive review already?For many reasons- I had always kept myself on check looking around EVERY corner that i passed.- Had to actually stay with other squad mates to finish the objectives.- Great intro to the game, it just throws you in for your first life. (It is a lot better than it sounds)- Great Co-op experience.- Also, what AAA developers are missing way too much of, seeing your own feet- Sounds are great, but a bit more ambience to levels would be niceThere are a few things that i want added to the game, few of which I am pretty sure that are going to be added to the first place.- Leaning- More weapons and possibly loadout menu- Melee attack of some sort- An actual tutorial (right now it only takes you to a youtube playlist)- More control customizations (Non-Toggle Sprint, one click ADS on/off, hold down click ADS on/off instead of bieng both on at once)- PVP Multiplayer ( I know this is Co-Op but this would be a nice addon to the game, i can see it compete against Insurgency's Multiplayer)- More graphics options- A larger penalty for players for team killingAlthough at the current state (Beta 1.6) this game seems more promising than DAYZ right now. And for this being a Unity game, this looks and feels really nice! I am looking forward towards seeing what else this developing company has to offer!"
,Recommended,236370,13320886,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Hatler,Even in Alpha beats CoD 100 to 1.
,Recommended,236370,8497173,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Breezeeh,"This is a good game, but beware it is EARLY ACCESS. This is why it doesn't have many features at the moment but it is very promising for the future.The gameplay mechanics are very interesting. The guns are rather reckless when you fire them so you really have to master how to use them; 1 hit kill to the head, 5 to the body.Although there is currently only one weapon, I rather like it. This is because there are no classes that can be unbalanced, meaning it is raw skill that makes you win the game.In the future I would love it if the developers could add melee and crouching. This is because it would eliminate awkward moments where both players are standing right in front of one another without being able to defend themselves whilst they are both reloadingTL;DR: Good game. Know what you are purchasing."
76561198037330774,Not Recommended,236370,31329159,Posted: 23 April,all,Yellow Sn0w,Vaporware
76561198075051066,Not Recommended,236370,32230508,Posted: 6 June,all,Col.Clitoris,"When I first saw this game I thought it looked great. It seemed like it had a lot of potential, but I quickly found it to be a broken mess that never got updated. Over all I would say this game is very lacking and it will unfotunetly never recieve the attention the devs should have gave it to make it something great."
,Recommended,236370,9281302,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dez,"A great new take on the FPS MP genre. With morphing environments you'll have to adapt to, and adjust you tactics to win."
,Recommended,236370,18047243,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,I'm Your DADDY...,"This game was a fantastic game while i could play it, but for an early access game it is overpriced, to get more people involved and to buy this game you need to underprice it, trust me i have done this before with one of my own games and it worked like a charm!!!!"
76561198030968906,Recommended,236370,14460071,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Marc Orion,"Tried out the game on the free weekend, have the following thoughts:Someone was complaining in a negative review that the free weekend was the stupidest marking decision they could have made. That is just complete and utter garbage. Especially for early access games there should always be a free weekend if for nothing else but to simply let people try the game in the current state.But in addition to that, and regarding the comment about it being the stupidest decision, all I can say is that steam seems to promote some games and burry others. The fact that this one got a whole free week was a great boost for them I am sure. Hopefully this boost will push the development to the next level, and hopefully the devs can add some critical features to the game and address some of the issues which I will outline below.After playing the game for most of the free week I have the following observations in no particular order:Character Control– overall as good as can be expected with the exception of jumping. Your player just feels weighted down. Maybe this is intended, but I found myself frustrated with the lack of fluidity and height in the jump. I would like to see it be where you can jump over some of the cover items in the game such as the concrete barriers and such. And do this in the heat of combat. As it is now, it’s just not very natural feeling and cumbersome. Because of this I rarely even use jump in the game.Gameplay– A nice variety of mission types with some interesting features. First time I played on a level where the entire area had parts that would raise and lower opening new paths and blocking pervious paths it gave me pause and I had to stop for a minute to marvel at it. Makes for some very tough tactical situations. I like the elimination missions in coop the most, but once you play them a few times it gets stale as you learn where many of the bots spawn from and quickly develop a strategy to beating them, alone or as a team. Not much else in the game at the moment other than bots and not sure if this is by design or because it’s simply not implemented yet but you have infinite ammo. Still have to reload, but you never run out. Still looking for the role play and rainbow-6 tactical elements, but maybe it’s too early for that stuff. The stealth element seems to work well for the most part. Stay low and in the shadows and the bots seem to overlook you. Fire your weapon without a silencer and they will come running to your position. The bots also can home in on you by spotting your flashlight and laser pointer, so you need to know when to use them and when not to.Coop– This is the area that I would really like to see improved the most. I have two major complaints here. 1) absolutely no recourse for griefers and during the time I have played there have been many, many little sh!ts that have nothing better to do than to f-up your game. That and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want to come in and hijack the server you are playing on. I know they said this is coming but come on, at least give us a group kick vote option or something in the meantime. 2) coop needs more elements to encourage team work. As of now, you get no points for reviving a teammate and communication is terrible. The few people who I have heard using a mic it was terrible, and chat totally blows. Why would you make your chat screen have to be opened with a key press and then cover the entire field of view? The chat interface needs a complete overhaul and we need team quick commands. That would be a good start to making it more tactical. If they want to do something original, give us hand signal animations that we can map to the number keys or something. That would really make stealth tactical. I would also like to see a post-game summary. As of now, when the mission is done, you don't get to see anything.Levels- Some people complained about how dark some of the levels are. Yes it’s dark and in some cases I think they take it to the extreme, but it definitely makes the levels interesting and challenging in some cases. I hope the light balancing will be tweaked to be more fun and less frustrating in some cases, but over all its not terrible. The bots don’t like it either; it makes it harder to see you!Content– Aside from the static décor and the bots there’s really nothing else in the game yet. There are interactive doors, some power switches you need to turn on for some missions and lights that you can shoot out. I hope things are added such as ammo, first aid items, of course different weapons, and the typical things you would expect in a shooter. Oh and there is also some background chatter on the intercom, as well as a female voice that gives you some mission instructions from time to time. Interesting to note, it seems like some of the intercom chatter might be alluding to events we might actually see in the finished game. That would be cool.Weapons– As many people have already said, the weapons that are in the game are pretty good, handle well and cover long range and CQB combat. Nothing special here.All in all the game has potential. I have heard that it has been in development for a long time, something like 2 years, so it seems to be going slow. I hope the pace picks up. I do recommend the game if you like the genre and the setting, but I’m not gonna go full fantard and try to convince you that they have all these fabulous features planned all you have to do is wait for it. I really don’t know what’s going to come of this game, but while it’s on sale, why not. I am sure I, as well as you, have wasted more on less so give it a shot… maybe the extra cash will help them realize the potential of this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,25805014,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Capital_G,I bought this in 2013 for christ sake. Thought it had potential. Multiplayer was riveting and always had me on my toes (figuratevely). NO real progress has been made since then. thats 3 ♥♥♥♥in years. I want a refund. DONT GET THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,236370,28992997,Posted: 3 January,all,Freight Train,played coop with me friends was lost in the dark for for 30min got to a couple of objectives and killed a couple really easy bots. Got bored and killed the only guy who wasnt my friend.
,Recommended,236370,9666721,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ZeroS4™,ITS SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME :D :D :D :D its till early acces and not many levels but its so cool cant wait till next update
,Recommended,236370,9034947,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Retagin,"Hi buddy *PowBzzz* Not stunned yet? *PowBzzzz* Oh hey, your buddies! *PowPowPowBBZZzzz*While it is still rather in its Alpha stage, The content that ZPS has produced has been no less that great. With the new Assault rifle, game mode, and map, the game is shaping up quickly. Better yet, the community is astounding, and the updates to the game arrive faster and faster."
76561198014164479,Not Recommended,236370,33918655,Posted: 30 July,all,ermitaum,Forever in early access...
,Not Recommended,236370,34448911,Posted: 23 August,all,Wula,"I bought this 4 years ago with high hopes of supporting something great. But now all this product has done is made me loose faith in supporting other early access games. As I realize now that you could be waiting forever or never even get the ""promised"" product that was orignally advertised. All I can say is if you are okay with some small scenerios that showcase what this game could have been feel free to try it out. As for multiplayer is non exsistant at this point and the only way you could have fun in PVP is if you can convince a group of friends to all pick it up. If this game ever gets completed I will change my review. But as it stands. Buyers beware."
,Not Recommended,236370,31831731,Posted: 18 May,all,Blyat McGopnik,"Here we go. Another game that I had high hopes for, that I dished out money for (bought the ♥♥♥♥ing spearhead edition) and another ♥♥♥♥ing let down. I've been waiting for progress for 4 years now. ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the developer."
76561197996890855,Not Recommended,236370,31853897,Posted: 19 May,all,RackRabbit,"Coming up on 4 years and it looks like this will never be finsihed. Too bad - it had a solid premise, but now I wish I hadn't backed it."
,Not Recommended,236370,33941214,Posted: 31 July,all,Fosty,"YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!Oh well, at least we can look forward  to Ready or Not."
76561198041765957,Recommended,236370,26522377,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Good Effect On Target,"I am really sad to see this game dead. If it was properly released at the time, it would kill and wipe out other team-based shooters. And I am pretty sure I have much more than 3.8 hours as it currently displays, not sure why it shows so little."
76561198132452904,Recommended,236370,21211240,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Star Guardian Ahri,"Its an awesome combination of strategy, fps and sci-fi. I love it why not try it out for yourself."
76561198023483453,Not Recommended,236370,33405143,Posted: 9 July,all,Xtra-Kyun,It is like the restaurants in Kitchen NightmaresTasteless bland horrible and no one cares.
76561197980972238,Not Recommended,236370,25920852,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jay7235,Did not deliver on what was promised. Spearhead talking here. Look at other reviews and they will tell you how long it's been since it was first advertised and how the game has never came to fruition.
76561198052597134,Recommended,236370,29497519,Posted: 26 January,all,Kuro,"Personally, I see a good future for this game. Everytime I come back it only gets better. 10/10 when they finally add the shark hybrids! :D"
,Recommended,236370,9689298,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Piedude128,"A pretty good basic FPS shooter right now. However, with all the upcoming updates, the game shows extremely high potential as an excellent game."
,Recommended,236370,12139368,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Radium,"This game is ridicuously awesome. With it's amazing cover, unlike snap-to, it is awesome. Although, I do hope the sounds of the guns firing while scoped are place holders, because it sounds like the gun is firing from far away, it might be my sound driver but I doubt. This has features and is constantly updated by a friendly developer team. I would love to see a pistol though, and a shotgun.  Is campaign coming soon?I vote this 10/10, and I even bought spearhead to show my support! Good job on making a terrific game, devs!"
76561198073305668,Recommended,236370,9657656,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Fate,Pretty legit
,Recommended,236370,35431900,Posted: 2 October,all,evadregnad,"It still has potential. Id play it if there was more content and player to game with but until then, it will remain hidden in my library :("
76561198079574272,Recommended,236370,26451060,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The A-Lister,"Like Dark Souls in space. Imorrally and blasphemously difficult but in the end, I had fun!7/10Get when on sale."
,Recommended,236370,8496463,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FishTank,Getting a kill in this game is the most rewarding experience of my life.
,Not Recommended,236370,28570048,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,iX,"I hate to have to put this Review as Negative, But as much as I see potential in the game and I personally enjoy it. It has to be set as negative for this one simple reason...There's two servers for each region currently for the co-op game, so no matter how cheap the game goes during a sale, no matter how many of your friends want to play it. There is absolutely no guarantee you'll be able to play it. Since you're literally in a queue refreshing the server browser waiting for people to finish their session and go offline.Game is fun, I enjoy it, It sucks there's only one developer currently working on the game. But as much as I feel sorry for the project and the creators of the game, it sucks that there's no way of hosting lobbies yet."
76561198070929591,Recommended,236370,8241659,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,~Atlas~The~One~And~The~Only~,Interstellar Marines is a early access game which only has limited multiplayer modes and maps. But it presents what they have in a way that makes it fantastic. The game is going to add a co-op campaign which is bringing inspiration from System Shock. The multiplayer is extremely different to Call of Duty and Battlefield which makes it already a great game. There is lots of recoil and cool tiny things like ligting up your masks for no reason at all. The developers have made it so you can see the outline of the mask over your face. Tiny things like this make the game realistic and makes you feel like you are a marine. There is only one gun which is a assult gun which you can play with at this current time of writing. I hope they add new guns soon to add to the experience. The graphics look amazing for an indie title. Sun glair reflects on your visor aadding to the experience. I would also like to note that Interstellar Marines is harder then it looks. It is extremely hard to kill people and there is a lot of recoil. I would recommend this game to anyone which wants a challenge or is a sci-fi fan such as myself (reminds my of aliens).7.5/10
,Recommended,236370,8491533,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,sawmario,"There may not be a lot of stuff yet, but is is going in the right direction, and i can imagine its better in the futer than every other fps to date."
,Recommended,236370,8527196,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Arc08,"Great game, I enjoy it, I truly think it can only get better, and the devs have great plans for this game"
76561198042095561,Recommended,236370,8606388,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Eviloot666,its a game that looks like it will be great when it gets finished please remember this is an indie dev they need money to finish so skip going to tacobell/burger king ect. for 2 days and support this game  $15 will get you the whole game and all dlc when they come out.
,Recommended,236370,14439467,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[rD]Psygnosis!,"Interstellar Marines IS what Skill Based FPS should be. No random spray and pray or full burst of entire magazines like in Buggerfield or Call of Copypaste, where even blind noobs can frag.If you can't control recoil and know how to shoot / aim, you will never frag anyone even at 1m of distance.Netcode and Hitboxes are great, 1 shot 1 kill if you go for the headshot, damage similar to other games like Insurgency or Red Orchestra.Dynamics maps ( with fog, pitch black, sun, rain, emergency alarms only and much more weather stuff ) , stealth and tactical gameplay, no crosshair, minimal Hud with the essential you need, Marines Suits that can let you without sound or hud / no team mates indicator if you get hit harder in critical points, co-op and single player and more to come !This game is Higly reccomended to Hardcore gamers / players that love those kind of games, casuals can use the exit door right there and go back to cod or other sellout crap games with bad netcode, balances and stuff.You can♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants too when Pitch Black turns in !Would♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants again !10 / 10"
,Not Recommended,236370,31431101,Posted: 28 April,all,YokozowneR,this game iz ded
76561197986359646,Not Recommended,236370,31442680,Posted: 29 April,all,Cornelius,"I got this game as a gift four years ago and it's still in development. A great reminder why ""Early Access"" is a horrible idea. Don't pre-purchase, don't buy into Early Access, don't buy ♥♥♥♥ing season passes. Then and only then the industry will change. It's not ""greedy publishers/developers"" that are to blame. It is us, who reward their behaviour by throwing money at them. There are so many games out there. Skipping a few won't hurt."
76561198019768020,Recommended,236370,8155754,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MTX,Very nice looking game. Happy to support this one :)
76561198054124411,Recommended,236370,8411895,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jstan,"This game turned out to be more exciting than I expected.  The instant you inter a match, you will find out that the visuals seen through the helmet make the game more interesting.  For an early access game, you will feel accomplished knowing you bought a cheap game that in its beta phase, and is already intriguing.  Every update will just be more exciting.  It is a face passed shooter but does require skill.  COD fans will have a hard time adjusting."
,Recommended,236370,7774505,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Xazid,"A great game, even in its Alpha state. The game so far has fairly few mechanics like the basic shooting but it feels so smooth that I can believe that the future mechanics will be smooth and fun aswell. Fairly good graphics pretty great gameplay so far which is basically the only thing that matters. 8.5/10 in its alpha state."
,Recommended,236370,3587078,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,StinkySQL,"Technically, it runs really well and the multiplayer can get downright creepy at night in a map where there is only one other player.I know it is a  work in progress. But the steam marketing really should say that it might be a solo playable game some day in the future. That tag that says ""Single Player"" means you'll just sit there. Or walk around. There won't be anything to do. Very disappointed in this aspect, although  rewatching the video I should have heard this caveate perhaps.Promising. Definitely not done."
,Recommended,236370,8414276,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BrotherClotten,"I`ve never written a review about... well anything until now that is, Well what can I say.The word WOW comes to mind to be perfectly honest. I bought this EARLY ACCESS game as I can see the potential that oozes from it and why the community that is building around the foundations of this game are fanatical (like me).Admittedly I did accuse a fellow member by the name of ""TEX"" of cheating at one point but that was because I was a noob and was to busy looking at the way the game worked (eg different in game ""cycles"" which add alot of tension in some arena`s, the way your helmet operates which if coupled with oculus would be absolutely awesome and the way the gun makes you feel like your carrying a real gun.... no auto reload when empty and it kicks and bucks when you pull and hold the trigger. I mean for an early access game I was finding myself reluctant to go hunting for enemies by myself and being cautious when entering and exiting buildings.Thats going to do it for my review for now as to be honest if your reading this and expecting more well you`d do better to go buy the game and experience it for yourself.REMEMBER: the game is in its early stages so please dont play it for 5 - 15 minutes then judge it."
,Recommended,236370,8493012,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gino Digianantonio,"This has the potential to be a very good game. In the state this game is currently it is unsuitable for play. If you would like to buy for the potential of a campaign and other features in the future, go ahead and buy it. But, if you are expecting a full game you will be sorely dissapointed."
76561197998353001,Recommended,236370,8545115,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,synnronline,"This game is awesome. It takes the FPS genre and adds elements that, after playing with, the mainstream games look like kiddie games."
,Recommended,236370,8576305,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,♒NonMorto♒,This game....this game This game is by far one of the best games I have played on steam so far. Its in pre-alpha and is still an amazing game! NO BODY IS OP!!!!! 15 dollers that is worth it! I cant wait till co-op comes out because it lookes awesome! Im glad I am partisipating in this pre-alpha game!
,Recommended,236370,8628031,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,L i n k k k,"ok so the first few times i couldnt even get into a server, every single one full. I was patient and finally got to play tonight. I am extremely happy with the enviromental effects, the sun rising and setting. Night and day. Adds an entirely new aspect to a first person shooter, that I very much enjoyed. Also, I do hope more weapons will come, but please keep a game mode with all assault rifles :D It's fun when every player is exactly matched with weapons and armor. A few more detailes, such as textures, would be nice, but i am already very happy to have tried this game out! keep up the good work!and pleeeeeease, at least one game mode with assault rifles only! XD"
76561197972099664,Recommended,236370,8494918,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,»TA«Señor Shotty,"There are a lot of people complaining about this game lacking certain features and polish, i guess they missed the early access part.  Yes, this game has a ways to go, but it is pre - beta, so all that to be expected. Just in the few months that I have been playing it, it has improved greatly. Also, the core multiplayer gameplay is quite good, and I am always looking forward to the next patch.So far, this is a fun game, and it deserves your support, especially at the discounted price!"
,Recommended,236370,7812101,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sentinel,really well made so far for a very early game has a lot of potential (if thats how you spell it)
76561198060171209,Recommended,236370,18805773,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kyle,Hella Hella Awesome! Really starting to come into form!
76561198129218861,Recommended,236370,16653851,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DirtySprite,I Love This Game so much its better than gta 5!
,Not Recommended,236370,18831300,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,halloweenkid9,This game is cool and fun but it has no people playing multiplayer so if you want multiplayer games get your friends because there is literally no one playing multiplayer on this game! Ecept for the ocassional one full game.
76561198108512484,Not Recommended,236370,25671285,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,stormati,"This's one of the cr@ppiest paid game that I own. it's been years now and always early access I find nothing positive about this garbage, waste of my money and my time. I reckon people who paid for this should get their cash refunded. I hope that steam able to listen to it's customers. Do not buy this."
,Recommended,236370,12855909,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Scout,"(Be aware this game is early alpha, and thus I'm reviewing my impressions on the game as of November 8, 2014.)Interstellar Marines is a Co-Op Tactical FPS. It pits you and 3 other teammates who are, you guess it, interstellar marines, against defective robots in a battle to survive to the end by means of elimination, escaping, or simply surviving. Or, you can also go against other players in a control point-style battle.This game actually has a good amount of realism and atmosphere which blend very well for a game like this. The game has a real dark atmosphere to it, feels genuinely creepy and lonely with only your friends by your side. The maps, for the most part, are like an abandoned and broken facility. Very dark, and your main light source would be flickering lights or your own flashlight. It really brings immersion into the game, which is very helpful. The animations of the marines too are very well done, especially in first person. You actually see your arms move as you look around, see your own feet, and so on. Small detail, but very welcome.Speaking of realism, that's one of the best parts of the game. Whenever you take damage, your hearing is impaired (which is important in this game), your HUD disappears until you heal, and team damage/killing is also real. The guns aren't all that powerful either, but that's a good thing. The robots you face are very powerful, and can down you in seconds. You only have two guns: One for short range, and one for long range. Neither have that much ammo in it's clip (Probably enough for 3-4 robots if you're accurate), or have amazing accuracy, so you need to be precise and careful; Spraying and gunning your way through just won't succeed.Teamwork is heavily emphasized here. It's only four of you, and because the robots are so powerful, you're likely to go down. The only way you can survive is if your teammates revive you in your 15 seconds of last breaths. The aforementioned guns are weak with only one person, so if hoards of robots come, you all need to use your ammo and shoot tactically.There's currently 5 game modes as of this review, and they all have nice variety to the game. Elimination is killing all the robots in the area, Escape is moving to the top of the facility while surviving from the bots, Survivial is activiating several objectives and then escaping (with robots.), and Stronghold is the PvP game mode, 2 teams trying to capture all points in the area. The other mode is a campaign mission, titled The Neurogen Incident. It appears to be story oriented, but I cannot currently play it as it crashes my game.All in all, Marines is an incredible team based tactical shooter, especially for being early access! And I would really recommend this to anybody who wants some good times with their friends, using teamwork to achieve the goal in a dark and desolate enviornment."
,Recommended,236370,30632981,Posted: 20 March,all,The Epic Dark Lord,this game is great I know there is no multiplayer so why not make a group and organise playing times
,Recommended,236370,28708325,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Larcorba,"Interstellar Marines is WORTH the money.The gameplay is fantastic and despite from not being a finished game it feels super polished. Bugs? Well let's just say it's exactly the opposite of Day-Z Standalone.Graphics look modern and the game runs like a beast on my GTX970.It does has it's flaws. I really miss an easy way to stop random people from dropping in my Co-op games and a co-op hosted game would be A-MA-ZING.Lack of maps and missions is another point. It's early access ofcourse, but I'm reviewing the game ""as is"".Although I see A LOT of potential in this game, it is my understanding that the game currently only has one developer and some volunteers... For the price I say BUY IT. It's unfinished but nevertheless amazing to play!"
76561198012404850,Not Recommended,236370,18898790,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,imatarget,Do not buy this until its finished or more people start playing on a constant basis. The game is fun and all but servers are dead.
76561198123566433,Not Recommended,236370,24783246,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,HDStandarDefinition,after all the updates and waiting it somehow got worse
76561197996791417,Recommended,236370,14334332,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,OwlaKazam,"Graphics are good.  The gunplay and movement feel solid to me.   The enviromental and lighting changes are fun -- I am excited to see more in the future.  It is a slow-paced, team-based FPS that feels pretty realistic -- low health with high weapon recoil.  The gameplay suits my style of play more than the proned, camping games with claymores/mines and all that other boring stuff.    It needs some new weapons, and I would like to see even more enviromental changes/phenomona to set it apart from the other shooters with similar play style.  I still am waiting for the shark-dogs pictured in some of the shots for a co-op campaign.This game (when you find a server with people -- that is the drawback) can be fairly earie/intense.  But, since every early access game I buy comes and goes in player base, I am not going to dock it a favorable review since it is somewhat expected."
,Recommended,236370,28501248,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sub357 @ temp hideout,"I really enjoyed playing this game, especially the coop mode. But right now Interstellar Marines doesnt have enough features to be taken seriously. The problem is that it doesnt receive updates often enough, some people consider it dead. I feel like this game has a great foundation but not much things above it. It needs everything: levels, weapons, npcs, opportunities and interactions.This is an unfinished product and most of the players really hope it will receive decent updates. All we do is wait and hope.Don't buy it unless you really want to play this alpha."
,Not Recommended,236370,31568476,Posted: 5 May,all,Old Snake,Bought this 3.5 years ago and it's still in Early Access...
,Recommended,236370,7561838,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,tehOMGfather,"Surprisingly Good. Albeit a bit simple at the present moment only offering TDM/Domination type maps, it still offers a bit of mindless fun. The more players there are then the chances of this actually taking off might be good."
,Not Recommended,236370,25848644,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Bozworth,wait until the game is finished before giving them money
,Not Recommended,236370,24767469,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kobra Kommander,Turning into vaporware.Havent seen an update in ages.
76561198105666994,Not Recommended,236370,32754916,Posted: 24 June,all,Raven_Shadow_44,"I bought this pathetic excuse for a ""work in progress"" actually thinking (what has it been? 4 years now?) that I would receive a finished product. The first and only game I'll ever buy before completion. It's dead, we will never see a campaign or probably anything else for that matter short of a reskin of the main menu every 6 months. The best part was logging in to see if anything had actually changed over all this time and seeing that all my progress had been purged and I was starting at square one again. Steam needs to take trash like this down."
76561198052624176,Not Recommended,236370,26683235,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Stockholmes,"From the looks of the trailer, I thought I was getting into this grand experience of playing with friends and murdering land sharks, nope! Instead I got a crappy, badly-developed game in which most maps make it a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to see, much less kill someone."
,Not Recommended,236370,26763647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yij,"Nearly half a year and no updates nor announcements from the developers.Yup, I got conned again by Early Access with only myself to blame.Content wise, there is very limited fun to be had and more of a tech demo than anything else. Not worth a purchase."
76561198035676839,Not Recommended,236370,33213562,Posted: 3 July,all,MalodorousMonkey,"The game is not finished, despite having been in development for a very long time. I remember it being one of the first games I saw on Steam's suggestion queue system. Thought it looked good then, but it has changed little since."
76561198153431565,Not Recommended,236370,35096539,Posted: 20 September,all,Oh long johnson,"I really hope this game will be successful because it's a lot of fun to play. However, it RARELY gets updated and has all but been forgotten.  Hopefully someday soon the content will start getting shelled out and we can start seeing a finished game!"
76561198011766963,Not Recommended,236370,26136364,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,nAtOeD,"I bought this game 2 years ago, there have been virtually NO real updates to the content of the game at all in that time. I bought the 4 pack of the game and really, I've been ripped off royally.Not only has the development died, the studio has also flat out lied in it's early marketing promising new additions that have never come. If you are expecting to be a Space Marine, breaching and clearing ships or stations, don't expect that at all. You will be fighting underground in a training facility against a dead player base or robots.Do not spend your money on this scam, if not a scam then a massive mismanagement of time and resources that have lead to literally no real content updates in 2 years.0/10BTW SOMEBODY ELSE WROTE THIS REVIEW CAUSE I'M A L.A.Z.Y.C.U.N.T. LIKE THE DEV'S TOO"
76561198145147217,Recommended,236370,28398848,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,THUNDERCOUGERFACLONBIRD,i love this game and its awsome to play i only wish i got the credit it deserves especially for being an early access gamesolid 8 of 10
,Recommended,236370,28421785,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Owl,Finally an update after almost 1 year.
76561197960423082,Not Recommended,236370,28145485,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Adriatik,"Because of a game like this, I will no longer purchase early access titles. It's getting rediculas that I cannot get anything for the money I paid (NOTHING!!!!) but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t update here and there. This model is starting to shy me away from indie developers. if you pay attention to the 1.7 hrs on record for this game its because it literally never had enough content to keep me interested for more than 5 minutes an update. The graphics are already dated and the lighting was impressive at first... but guess what! you guys missed the train."
76561198118524092,Not Recommended,236370,28357853,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CaptainMilton,Great fun and it does scare you. That said it's pretty much dead in terms of development so there are better places to spend your money. One of the examples of early access that doesn't quite come off.
,Recommended,236370,35324264,Posted: 29 September,all,BlaineB,"Everyone! This game is not dead, the developers are now working on it again, and working on many strategies to make this game come to fruition, it's the lack of funding that's in their way right now, but hopefully it will be taken care of soon."
,Recommended,236370,35328051,Posted: 30 September,all,Squirrel Man,"Great game, amazing story premise, there is nearly bundles of potential that has yet to be seen. the gameplay is solid and responsive, frames are smooth on my PC, Audio can create the greatest ambience and emotional reactions to contact and stealth I have ever felt in a game. Words cannot describe how I feel about this game.I'm going to wait and see this flower bloom."
,Recommended,236370,31712157,Posted: 12 May,all,Platypus csgotower.com,"Amazing game, with a dying amount of people who play."
,Recommended,236370,10331195,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Proud Blackman,this is a good game if you like bad games
,Not Recommended,236370,24805779,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Hoplite,"As much as I love this game, stop. Don't even think about buying it. Do not waste your money on this. NOBODY plays it and development has been put on hold until the developers can find a publisher, which may take a while."
,Not Recommended,236370,23389058,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Xenocidebot,"It's got all the markings of a tactical FPS classic, like sloppy lighting effects, survival horror themes, and enemies shooting through and bugging out on the level geometry."
,Recommended,236370,8495154,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,VestingTrash,"The game is fun to play right now, but there is a lot of work to be done before it's completed. The idea of the game is good, with the changing enviroment. When the game is done, it's definitely going to be a great multiplayer game, with a lot of active players. I bought it in the Steam sale and it's definitely worth it. Don't know if I would pay the full price though, not yet. But the game looks good and it's really promising!"
,Recommended,236370,12751647,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,flack,3spooky5me
76561198046789624,Recommended,236370,8507659,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,eyeball salad,"The game is nowhere near finished but that doesn't stop it being alot of fun. The levels are well designed and the models look good. There is a solid multiplayer experience already where you have to to capture and hold points on the map. The environmental effects really change the gameplay. Sometimes the level goes dark and you will need your flashlight to see properly, but you may not want to because that could expose your position to enemies. Similarly your gun has a laser that you can turn on and off, which helps you improve your aim but also can give away your position, as the laser is also visible to enemies. Had a blast playing this so far and I can't wait for more weapons and features to arrive. Funner than Counter-Strike (and i like counter-strike)For all you potential Australian buyers: yes there is a healthy Australian server. And of course servers in the US and EU."
,Recommended,236370,8506485,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brady,"Christopher Nolan made this game!No, wait.. That's the movie!"
,Recommended,236370,8505771,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[LG] Cube -=TcG=-,"Currently early access beta, Interstellar Marines is a tactical FPS that is beautiful, balanced, screaming potential, squirting loads of fun, innovative, a catching story, and waiting hundreds of hours of gameplay. With it being in beta it has many surprises to come. I.M. is something that will tickle your fancy if you were ever into the Halo: Combat Evolved and/or Counter-Strike scene. The multiplayer gameplay is dynamic, fast paced, fun, and strongly teamwork oriented. While playing not only are you presented with hostile forces like sharks walking on land lunging at you, but you have to adapt to environmental conditions, as well. While it is raining water will bead up on your helmet's visor hindering your sight some, you can open your helmet like the bill of a ball cap to improve your vision. Opening your visor will also help improve vision while taking damage, however, your visor will display information. There may be other uses for the visor to come as the updates are released like enviornmental hazards. Know your situation and prepare! It's a fantastic game and I'd like to see more people playing!"
,Recommended,236370,8502208,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hideaki Chuuni,"I decided to buy this game when I saw it on flash sales and I am not disappointed :) Game is in really early version, but it's fun to play at least for me :) I see great potential in this game, and I am waiting for next updates, that will make this game more awesome :) I recommend this game, it's nice to see how everything develops during the time"
76561197961123154,Recommended,236370,31474272,Posted: 30 April,all,SGT_Saunders,The game looks good and feels good.  Most of the reviews here are very negative mostly due to the slow updating process of the game.I think the devs should be a little more in contact with the players.  They are however running a small team and this is the kind of game that takes time.my only warning is that it is buggy(like any alpha) and it is updating very slow.  Now I could complain about a slow production time but I wont because I am a Star Citizen backer and that started development around the same time and they have been growing their team.  This team is still much smaller.The old days game development took a long while for even big developers like EA.  We wouldn't hear about the games they were making till they were about to finish the beta testing then.  So we never had a real picture for the development cycle of a game. But some took 3 -5 years depending on the game and engine.If you want to back the game feel free to buy it.  If you dont like waiting and are unsure of what to expect then dont buy it.  A lot of us have bought this game when it is on sale and that actually gives the dev less money per purchase but hopefully the sale sees more backers and compensates in a quantity sale.
,Recommended,236370,23919122,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sullivas,So much fun to play! More people should it is great!
,Recommended,236370,32889908,Posted: 27 June,all,Doak,"Great potential, But don't expect to be shooting the famous landsharks used in the adverts and concept art till sometime in the late 2040's."
76561198045321757,Not Recommended,236370,18894352,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ShivInYourBack,Can I have my money back? Servers are empty. All the servers. I'm asking pretty seriosly - CAN U RETURN MY MONEY?
,Recommended,236370,11240524,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Bladekill,Good game even though its in early access (beta) it should become better because I have alot of ideas for this game
76561198005923003,Not Recommended,236370,23196567,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,The Stig,Game might as well be abandoned now for how much has actually changed since I bought the damn thing. Two years of development time has resulted in what? Some weapon skins and a couple of lazily thrown-together game-modes?It's utterly amazing how little progress this dev team have managed to make on this game.
,Not Recommended,236370,10390446,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,razoleg,"A game that encourages memes to promote itself. Truly, you can't sink any lower than this. I did support it in the beginning before they started using these marketing methods though. Maybe we'll see half of what's promised in 2022. Just so you know the updates are far inbetween and don't bring much.But keep the faith. What they promised looks great, and if this comes through my name will be in the credits.I give it:""My Retirement"" out of 14.Essentially it's a tech demo as of now, no gameplay to really speak of.Three years later - still nothing. Abandonware."
76561198049014327,Recommended,236370,26163905,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Professor,This is a great game ... ( and it needs better reviews).Ideas:I would like to see this game completed.
,Recommended,236370,18784425,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,doublea500,"0_0 Interstellar Marines is intense!!! the first mission which is just a training mission basically where you learn controls and what not, sets up the story and puts you right into the action... If you want to call it that. The action is very subtle and when it happens it is scary intense. The causing factors are the anticipation, the ambiance, the narrator, the enemies intelligence, even the training mission captures all these!!Along the way to the first mission, the narrator gives you simple instructions and it is your job to get it done. What makes it scary is certain warnings she might give about the enemies and trust her, the robots will sneak up on you and kill you in game, but also in real life by giving you a heart attack!!Only having played the training and part of level two single player, I can tell this will be a perfect unintentional-horror, stealth, puzzle, first person shooter game when it is finished. Puzzle? you may ask. for each objective, there are many ways to achive this. Go stealthy or guns blazing, but don't forget to relode or you will die!! What a must have video game!!"
,Recommended,236370,14110713,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nessy,So far It is looking great...yeah my hours don't seem that much but i come on to updates time to time try them out and wait..It is worth the wait the looks of it because i really do enjoy the current missions they have implaced i'm so excited i can't wait to see the release version because the game is getting the atmosphere right and tense action of inflitrating the base even if they only just robots i love the level design so far i'm really impressed with the inflitrating the complex and fighting your way through to get keycards and such.Overall the game is feeling more polished with updates and i can't wait as i said before but saying that this is really looking positive. It's great to see the progress going somewhere in this game. All i can say is if you thinking about it you won't regret it.. just get your friends to join you in it i'm sure you'll enjoy it and be ready for what the finished game will throw at you..it is promising
,Recommended,236370,6223681,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,darthhappy,work in progressbut great tdm gives day night cycle rain aspects of a night battle with lightning being your ally to find the enemieswill soon have more guns.and eventually a epic co-op i will sayi recomend this o much i find it amazing
76561198054379077,Recommended,236370,8525729,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Delmare,"I got the spearhead (I think that's what it's called) when the game was on sale some time ago. I played it for a little bit just to see what it was like. It wasn't bad and I knew I was basically putting my money (while not a lot of it) into the game as an investment basically. I would have like to see more stuff added to the game in the time I bought it to when I played it again a few days ago but I have not really noticed anything new. I hope the game gets up and running. I would really like to see this game get off the ground.As a note. I am going to recommend this game but at your own risk. It is an early access game so there will always be the potential, like with any other early access that it might not take off. Let's all hope it does."
,Recommended,236370,28690817,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gamesare2fun,"Is it done? no. Does it develope quickly? no. Apparently there's only one guy still actively developing it. But that doesnt matter. Look, right now its on sale for FIVE DOLLARS. Otherwise, it's only TEN. The game, finished or not, has more than enough gameplay in it already to justify the cost in the state that it is in now. Unfinished means nothing, it's just people whining in the review section. Value means something, not some superficial status. And this game has more than five dollars of value. Anything added is a bonus in my eyes. The game is incredibly atmospheric, terrifying at times when its you and one or two of your friends in a dimly lit spaceshit or station as you hear the loud metallic footsteps of unseen enemies, creep around the corners slowly and carefully, just to catch a bullet to the side of the face and jump out of your skin. this is a game for people who like atmosphere, plain and simple. if you want some epic action packed space marine game, dont bother, its not for you. its not intended for you. you wont enjoy."
,Not Recommended,236370,30494166,Posted: 13 March,all,Alex,"I bought this game a long while ago and there is zero progess in gameplay since then. No new missions, no new enemys and overall no new content."
76561198085042889,Not Recommended,236370,26615814,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,(SC) King Valas,They lied about everything with this game.
76561198101109565,Recommended,236370,12628183,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ez,the time it takes to respawn is a pain and needs to be lowered and there are a few bugs in the campaign but other than that this is a pretty fun game and i cant wait to see what else they do with this highly recommend
76561198088714949,Not Recommended,236370,32237796,Posted: 7 June,all,GODSPELL hellcase.com,Game's Dead
76561197988529637,Recommended,236370,29548974,Posted: 28 January,all,Jokhah SuperiorServers.co,"Good game, still waiting on it to get out of the robots and onto the actual coop play vs aliens.  The robots were basically just fast things that hit you and you die.  Sometimes they have guns, which I find a touch easier to survive somehow.  Loads of potential, just need to get the ball rolling.  When that happens, I'll shout from the rooftops for all to join.Even with the slow development, this game is still leaps and bounds ahead of most the ""alpha"" messes that go full (*cough* Starforge ""never came out of alpha"").  Keep dem chins up, you're gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥on by gamers till you finish.  Internet makes them feel like bad asses.  Keep up the work."
,Recommended,236370,9656447,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Intellectual Wanderer,"The game is hard to start with, especially with the pitch black change to the map; which makes it virtually impossible to see anyone without turning your flashlight on resultin to death because the enemy sees you. I think the game overall is amazing and that you should not find any bugs in the game. The game is also fair as everyone has the same gun, Buy it now!!"
,Not Recommended,236370,28397603,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bungd-up,"So many broken promises... I bought this game about 2 or 3 years ago, when it was brand new out of Steam EA.In that time, as you can see, I've played a total 2 hours... And yes, actually experienced pretty much everything it has to offer.If you're looking for a fun, functioning, albeit simple team MP arena, this is an alright game. If you're looking for an eerie, unforgivingly tough set of singleplayer missions, this is an alright game.If you're looking for a game that's likely to ever be finished however, avoid this.If you're looking for a game where the developers make good on the features they initially advertised instead of changing the store page description to only reflect the current abandonware, avoid this.If you're looking for a game that won't lose your interest in a few days/weeks at most, avoid this."
76561198104397974,Not Recommended,236370,26012755,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,❀Syco,don't buy this
,Recommended,236370,16379344,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DURANDAL-1707,"This is the only game I've ever known that makes you an ultra-advanced Sci-Fi equivalent of the SAS/Rangers/whatever, packing you full of infinitely-loaded guns, regenerating health, and heavy armour......and still makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks when you crawl around a dark space, just you, alone with your guns, waiting for something to pop up and murder you."
,Recommended,236370,14136620,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sacobite,"A brilliant blend of Tactical FPS with team based gameplay and a jumpscare every now and then(damn bots)Pros+tactical team based gameplay+lots of maps+singleplayer+multiplayer+jumpscare happy robotsCons-jumpscare happy robots-only two guns that I know of-little to no customization of weapons and characters-no grenades-no ingame tutorials-no variety in enemies-few singleplayer missions-very little storyover all, a 9/10, if more weapons and customization is implemented then I would give it a 10/10, though I gotta know, why the hell does it say ""tazer"" on the HUD just below your ammo count"
76561198165330544,Recommended,236370,30995287,Posted: 7 April,all,Suros,Reccomend it is super fun with the space marine fps game physics in it
76561197972310566,Not Recommended,236370,23126441,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lono,"I picked up this game early on in it's release. I was sold by the (seeming) progress that had been made when it went EA, The compelling dev interviews, the pretty strong stylised aesthetic and the promise of Rainbow 6/System Shock in space. It did not seem like a tall order at all. The concepts were there and the game already had a lot of cool ideas implemented. Put in the ideas, polish the rough edges and we would have had a winner. A few months later and it then seemed the devs wanted to turn it into a strong multi player focused game which was not what I wanted, but the devs said that they would build up the player base and use the MP to balance the game and tweak single player. Ok, sure.  The audience wanted to help the devs achieve that premise through feedback and support. This game generated a lot of hype and people trying to build a community they imagined would exist and grow like the Arma and Rainbow 6 crowds. Fanart and groups were created.A year later and I am fighting stupid cannon fodder super accurate robots with the same weak feeling weapons and it feels like a multi-player game with a tacked on single player rather than this amazing single player campaign we had been sold. Incredibly shoddy AI and zero noticable improvement. It was pure lip service paid to the original premise on which the game was pitched.Here we are another year later and it looks like the game is going to be dropped. There is practically no hope for a fraction of what was promised and the worst part was that it was not an insurmountable task. They had a neat framework to hang some great original gameplay and ideas and they did not even come close to trying to be as innovative as they originally seemed to intend. The game will go on that long list of black listed steam games that are remembered not for even being failures, but for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ behaviour and cowardice of the dev team. They did not fail because they never really tried. If it wasn't for games like Prison Architect, Satellite Reign and Nuclear Throne, I would never bother with EA.The only reason this game is still in my library is the fact the devs are teaming up with a publisher. In a year's time this review may be completely wrong and I get to eat my words with a big spoon. I doubt it, but I hope so.Edit: I just checked back in to see if there was any progress with the game. (There is not)I noticed that the price is about half what I paid. Now the general idea of some early access games is you pay less now so the devs have the capital to make the game. This rule is by no means applied across the board.But it's a kick to the teeth when when you paid twice as much for an early access game than people jumping on board now, knowing it's dead in the water. But then again, thats EA and half of nothing is still nothing. This game is dead. The devs should have the decency to announce it and bury it."
,Not Recommended,236370,17619992,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Counter-Chicken,"In 10 years of development, the game has:- Bad performance- Only 3 guns that are inaccurate no matter how you use them- ~10 maps, most of which are grey and drab and use the same assets- Broken game modes- PvE against robots with horrible AI that just run at you even though we were promised shark/tiger hybrid monsters years ago- Bugs galoreNot to mention the lies, false advertising, and censoring of the community by the developer and community managers.Most definitely not worth your money."
76561198055205101,Not Recommended,236370,18919506,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NarrowSpider,"This game is like silent hill, looks nice but it's ♥♥♥♥ing empty!Two years in early access and nothing to show for it, all the content available now you can get in the first build for most early access games."
,Not Recommended,236370,8403790,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,Worst Game EUW :Adolf:
76561197976729832,Not Recommended,236370,26737982,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Rotten Jamppa,"I really waited this one, but seems that once again I was butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard deep in the♥♥♥♥♥without a lubricant! Zero Point Software is something to avoid in the future!"
,Not Recommended,236370,25008273,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TheSilentPanda,"The game had potential, but the devs went dark about 3 months ago, and haven't posted anything."
76561198002550252,Not Recommended,236370,33460078,Posted: 11 July,all,Dash Rendar,"Steam should delete this game ASAP, on its state its a scam/fraud! Dont take the very rare few positiv review for serious because they are FAKE! this game is since 2007 in development...PLS STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEAD GAME!"
76561198063935267,Recommended,236370,33375929,Posted: 8 July,all,Dundoo,"Progress is slow, it IS a one man band though so i understand. It may be slow, but it is happening and the results are good. the game very slowly gets better and better. The attention to detail is amazing, the dev has made efforts here that other games just overlook as unimportant, but these finer details are what makes it such an immersive experience. It has taken a long time to get where it is and will continue to do so, I look forward to further updates."
,Not Recommended,236370,16986767,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DasMaddi,"Lack of a playerbase limits you to singleplayer. The optimization needs work, even for an early access title, as I get frequent FPS drops that go right back to normal a few seconds later.The game has a solid base gameplay foundation but there's not enough content or features to warrant purchasing it yet. Updates are few and often far between. I would wait a while."
,Not Recommended,236370,8809660,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,SharkDouble07,"Unless this game is going somewhere, I wouldn't recommend it. Im glad i got it when i was on sale. But so far what it has it got quite boring fast. This game is in a very basic stage. Even for a early access. I thought it was something new to try out but so far I can't play it yet."
,Not Recommended,236370,16535669,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jaskλr,"The original trailers, concepts, and promises of Interstellar Marines were a significantly better alternative to viagra for gamers who love realism and tactics. This alone made it a dream game, and the fact that it was paired with an interesting and unique setting with an emphasis on Co-op rather than deathmatch made it all the better.Unfortunately, after following this game for a very long time, most of those orignal promises have faded away. The only content that seems to be dropping pertains to multiplayer. I'll admit that Hell week is actually pretty fun, and that I don't mind it, but it's not what was originally promised for a game like this.Basically, purchasing the base game isn't a bad idea if your interest is piqued after researching the game, but hold off on Spearhead until your confident that it's a worthy investment."
76561198065563331,Not Recommended,236370,17779581,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Sergeant P. Bear,"This Game Has Taken Many Years Just To Get Into Early Access And There's Really No Strategy Involved yet such as PvP I could be In cover and shoot a guy but a guy could just run up to me and shoot me in the face as if it was cod, and The Servers Are Empty Except for like one or two"
76561198120465028,Recommended,236370,18230358,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pro Pengu,"Want to sneak through dark buildings and shoot down armies of trigger happy (not to mention creepy) training robots? Join a handful of interstellar marines as they skirmish in intense fire fights against their own comrads? Or even travel across beautiful underground landscapes in search of loot, waiting to engage a fellow wandering marine around every corner? Sir, you have come to the right game.Interstellar Marines is one of the most emersive shooters you will find, anywhere. Sporting some outstanding gun mechanics, dynamic enviorments (by dynamic, I mean that sections of the maps actually shift and move), and a hunger game-like game mode... Underground! AS AN INTSTELLAR MARINE!!! Seriously, who doesn't want to be a special ops solder from the future!? Anyway, this is pretty much the only game I play now, and I highly suggest it. Double thumbs up."
76561198023703995,Not Recommended,236370,17493134,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,GRUB,Looked ok but regret buying it. Who wants to spend a lot of time in total darkness and use a torch that gives away your position?
,Recommended,236370,31229299,Posted: 18 April,all,BloodshotGamer525,"I found the game to be fun, wish you could kick players from a server though. I also hope that they add more horror based maps sometime, since the game actually did co-op horror well in my opinion. Add dark claustrophobic maps, with horror aspects please dev team."
,Not Recommended,236370,17480726,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Charming_Prism,"Horrible, what a waste of money and time. Devs will never deliver."
76561198022029591,Not Recommended,236370,23016424,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,GHosT,"A game with potential, but EXTREM slow development...Wait until it is released before u buy."
,Not Recommended,236370,17259140,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Generator,I would really like to like this game but the training missions were boring to me and I wanted to jump right into multiplayer but there were 4 people playing total and every other server was empty.
,Not Recommended,236370,25031752,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,papapishu!,"It's like DayZ, your grandchildren will get to play the final release."
76561198053367886,Not Recommended,236370,34073228,Posted: 6 August,all,Serrano,Got ripped off.
76561198117361152,Not Recommended,236370,25089029,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sej,"This game will be great if they ever finish it. Great layout, amazing ground work all set up. We just want some content! <3"
,Not Recommended,236370,34697843,Posted: 2 September,all,Cuddles,"The concept, engine, sounds, gunhandling, movement, its all there to make a great game. But sadly its been left to roft, forever in early access. I really wish someone would pick this up, the semi realistic/scifi setting gives a lot of room to add horror and scary monsters. We've all seen those sharkmonster concepts..."
76561198024217768,Recommended,236370,28109587,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,boblish,"i keep coming back to this game. i cant play it....but itsgreat..why.?it is ffin tough to play, you think your good, try this out, only the best survive....im going to try again..and die..!!!"
76561198008113285,Not Recommended,236370,17819698,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,LordHH |LMC|,DO NOT BUY. This game has not made any progess in almost a year now. Do not give them your money at this point it is a scam.
,Not Recommended,236370,11684098,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Sharif,"first off the idea of this game was amazing .But at the end of the day, your looking at a game that will stay in early access to the end of days, or be cut down in to a ok multiplayer fps . There budget seems to small to do what they want . the game itsself (at the time of typing this)has only two weapons which are similar , a  auto high range futuristic rifle and a close range one. there are bots but they have an impossable difficulty level. the server selction list is small but not that many people play on them so you dont need to worry about not geting in to a game, the server list has multiple u.s ,eruo and australian servers but mostly you will be playing on the eruo servers becasue the others are empty. i dont want to talk about the other aspects of the game, becasue its still early access. but i feel like the developers have abused early access to fund the game they want to make.I dont think they have the people or knowledge to create the game they want."
76561198074602603,Recommended,236370,31496403,Posted: 1 May,all,Henrimagne,"I have totally come to love Interstellar Marines.  In fact, I'm hopelessly addicted (but don't phone rehab just yet) and wouldn't want it any other way.It's a true first-person shooter and deserves more credit than it seems to be getting.  No, I'm not going to bad mouth this game.  There's too much of that and unnecessarily so in my opinion.  Yes, there are some bugs but nothing that makes it unplayable for the most part.  Yes, it's still ""early access"" after all this time and it needs more content, but just play it for what it is.  It's great fun, whether in solo or co-op or multiplayer modes.  Team up with friends and blast those bots to hell!  Wargames mode is also a great addition - team up with or compete against other marines online criss-crossing varied terrain.  Use stealth or go in guns blazing, whatever suits your gaming style.Contrary to popular belief It's not that hard to find others online to play with at all.  And I've met loads of Steam friends through this game already.  Make up your own mind; don't simply believe those who aren't up to the challenge.Let's keep playing and make this game even greater."
,Not Recommended,236370,34838283,Posted: 9 September,all,Tdekas Kovna,"One of the games that helped me to realise I should never buy into early access. Sure, there are good examples of successful Early Access, however this is not one of them. Lesson is don't risk it. It has been very long in development and still not much has been done. Sure, it can look pretty, but that's it. Spend YOUR money on something else,  don't do what I did and buy this thinking it could be awesome."
76561198064937532,Recommended,236370,9999293,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Kudagra,"Game brings nice new formula to FPS. If you're sick of the washed out genre, drop some money on this game. Not only will you be getting a cool game, but you'll be supporting the smaller guy. So big ups!"
,Recommended,236370,10929113,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Italianmagik,Game is awesome I can't wait till it comes out good job very balanced.
,Recommended,236370,11782962,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Ankasammy,"As an early acces this game is very promising. I've played since update 10 and it was already then one of the best fps games I've ever played. It is a great feeling playing, it is hard to describe. The company making the game - ZPS - have also made a very good impression on me, especially with their customer support.Short story: Interstellar Marines is a really good sci-fi fps game currently, with an upcoming co-op storyline and much more feature in the near future it will get even better. I strongly recommend that you get it and try it out."
,Recommended,236370,12430265,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,LogicalPancake,"7/10The game is good, but it has some flaws. First off the graphics are amazing! But, the multiplayer is not finished (I know the game is W.I.P) but the multiplayer only gives you the two starting guns.The voice over sounds like they used Siri....."
,Not Recommended,236370,15482662,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Metal Fiesta,My bad review was removed for this game because i said how bad it was. No explanation needed.
,Recommended,236370,18139615,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Clay,The Robots give me the heebie-jeebies
,Recommended,236370,10925659,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,midnightman,this game is fun if you like helping with game development and tactical shooters you may get a bit frustrated from gameplay and a hint stealth all the way bro.
,Recommended,236370,11920953,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,King ✞,"Really fun, cool game. But it updates really slowly and i wish it wasn't as much move and shoot combat going on."
,Recommended,236370,12271035,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Nicarp,"Has alot of potentialDevelopers are doing a great job at the moment new update is good theintro is amazing not a completed product yet (it is in alpha) personally I think they should of waited a little longer, is a little buggy with the singleplayer part  keeps crashing i'm going to wait a few months before I play again.If you are going to buy this game just remember that it is early access and you may have to wait sometime before you feel satisfied.It will be a top notch game."
,Recommended,236370,12019742,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Envirion,"ok im ""recomending"" this game because it has so much potential but what does not these days unfortunatly. we need to see this game go big or go home this cant be played safe as of now with the amount of content i have seen and the amount of players on the multiplayer servers i feel that almost 20 dollars is abit steep but again has so much potential they now need to focus on the singleplayer and co-op. multiplayer is great but a full game it does not make. as of now i feel i wasted 20 dollars but if they kick it into high gear and give it the compelling story they say they want to i will be very happy"
76561198006215745,Recommended,236370,26406934,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cpl. Dutch,"The core gameplay is fantastic! I have never seen a movement system as fluid as this! If you like coop, you get a lot of playtime out of it, but otherwise, it is pretty lacking on singleplayer stuff. For $9.99, it is an incredibly fun and somewhat short experience, and I definitely got my money's worth out of it."
,Recommended,236370,13351728,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,KÆZ,Great game. It has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see it progress.
,Recommended,236370,14151102,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PixelatedDonkey,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this ♥♥♥♥ing game.Graphics and Audio are excellent.A.I. can be improved on as sometimes they are blind to you.There is something wrong with the jump action. It just feels weird. Seems like you can only jump a couple of inches of the ground, however jumping on objects does not seem to be a problem.As a solo player I really enjoyed the SP mission. Even though I had to redo it 5 times to complete.Very surprised at two things. The small download and how little attention this game is getting."
76561198060853269,Recommended,236370,14408805,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,AngryUkrainian,"I love this game, even though the devs are having a hard time with money and down on staff, they show that they actually care for this game, do not listen to reviews from people who only played for 6 hours, listen to the people that actually want this game to succeed. When the devs get the money they need, the content will be outstanding, just give this game a chance."
76561198107565111,Recommended,236370,14422927,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Maus,so i got this game going ok its fps so what then i palyed it and ended up saying to everyone i know to get this game you guys should be paying me for the product placement here .enyway this game is trully amazing
,Not Recommended,236370,3985501,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,MroTralisk,"I absolutly loved Interstellar Marines before the Early Access Update #2 arrived.  Everything about the game was perfect!  Now, the game is in Update #8 and I don't like it anymore.  Most if not all the things I loved about the game have changed.  The game mechanics need a lot of work, (Aiming, gun shot recoil, taking damage).  The developers are too focused on aesthetics like being able to take off your mask or how the screen bobbles up and down as you walk or run.  I've experienced the game when it was fantastic, (before update #2) and when it wasn't so great, (after update #2).  The original gameplay of Interstellar Marines is what keeps me looking back at this game.  If it never becomes what it once was, I will not be playing this when it is released.  I will recommend this game (only if) the developers get it together and work on the basics. It was 5/5 stars but now it's 2/5 stars in my book.  I WANT MY INTERSTELLAR MARINES BACK :'(Now to change course a little bit, I do recommend going herehttp://www.interstellarmarines.com/to see what the developers have in mind for the final stage of the game. This link will take you to their home page where you can play the game in a more accurate setting.  These games are web-browser based."
76561198041349827,Recommended,236370,24240019,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Red,"Nice game, needs more players"
,Recommended,236370,12270349,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Arbiter,"Now that they've added Co-op this game is a great buy, and I recomend anyone who enjoys tactical FPSes to get it."
,Recommended,236370,12280894,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kyuuri sergal,for a game that is in eairly access holy mother ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good
,Recommended,236370,3365733,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,gruwnik,Sofar that what i saw impressed me! I think the game have a great potencial and big (definately big) future. I glad that i one of the first player chek that out! So far it very cutting content and gameplay but im shure its gonna be cool! I'm realy looking forward to play this in coop mode!!!
,Recommended,236370,24283666,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MyLittleNooby,bots lag my game but great game
76561198042287075,Recommended,236370,9243781,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mishe,more like interstellar no one plays
76561198140116114,Recommended,236370,12270590,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Gladvicci,-- PROS --Tense gameplayFun co-op and multiplayerFun SoloGood Graphics (Not amazing but just fine)-- CONS --Uhhh...................ya...
,Not Recommended,236370,17591166,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MumblingPipes,"Been in early access forever, and and developer has destroyed any hope I had gfor this game.It had great potential, I could see past the bugs and horribles glitches and sometimes terrible gameplay and see the good this game had. but no longer. This game is destroyed before it was ever finished, and investing money in this is a waste of money going to a horrible dev."
76561198041696110,Recommended,236370,8497326,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Milisim,I bought this game today in the Sale. Seems like it will be decent when it comes out in FULL. There is no single players that I could find but MP is up and running.I hope they release a SP map with those Sharks etc soon!
,Recommended,236370,12245168,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Spoblin,"UPDATE: 26/10/14This game now has single player and coop, and holy crap is it good. The multiplayer is good, but this just hit a whole new level of awesome.This game is great. It really is. It has some great ideas and it is very fun to play. The maps are exciting and the constantly changing lighting of the simulation-like levels keep the map changing. BRILLIANT!"
,Recommended,236370,14445695,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ReD,Entered tutorial levelFell through map into a never ending abyss of darkness10/10Would drop again!
76561198066061855,Recommended,236370,13423854,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,YOUR A COMEDUMPSTER,superb game!!!!  more guns please :)
76561198065771913,Recommended,236370,14408884,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Day,"very nice, very gud."
76561198100666899,Recommended,236370,9645477,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,THE GODSON,Its not alot but just you wait and itll be a good game.
76561198189992142,Recommended,236370,29372584,Posted: 20 January,all,Jihadi John-_-,GooD game enjoyd playing w/friends :D
76561198044136590,Recommended,236370,31324277,Posted: 23 April,all,Shade,"I don't know why so many people have been hating on this game. I believe it's a great game and I'll just put some negetive reviews down and explain why I think they're wrong.Negetive review 1: Development is slow.Well, of course it is! It's an indie game with very realistic mechanics, and it's a very pretty game. Can you expect them to be rushing out updates every week? We need to give them time. Rating the game negetively and causing less people to buy it might make the devs abandon it, and nobody wants that.Negetive review 2: The game is crap.I've seen this review on someone with 0.3 hours in game. The game is getting updated, new gamemodes are coming, you can play with difficulty, you can play with friends, all kinds of things! The game has aspects of horror, aspects of hungergames-like things (Wargames), I don't know why someone with 0.3 hours would have nothing left to do in this game. At least explain why you think the game is crap.Note: I will most likely update this as I see more types of negetive reviews."
,Recommended,236370,200902,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Kruez,Keep on eye out on this one. Support the devs and pay the $15 - these guys have been working on it for a long time now and I think there passion will get them over the line. This game is nowhere near finished just be warned - it is buggy and laggy as hell but I do see good promise in this game. I don't usually write reviews like this but I've had my eye on this game for a while now.
76561198027756990,Recommended,236370,11156372,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Agent_b187,"Finally a first person shooter that is both atmospheric and challanging. Interstellar Marines may be unfinished but it is a lot more fun, a whole lot more tactical and a lot more atmospheric than any Call of Aimbots/ Modern Warfarce something. I´m personally extremely disappointed by the latest development in the AAA FPS gaming. I hope they keep up the good work and deliver a new generation of tactical shooter. I think that Interstellar Marines has the potential to become a new Counter Strike."
,Recommended,236370,11120302,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Pizza Lane,Loving the game so far. Can't wait for more updates!
76561198059457833,Recommended,236370,11207970,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,acoustichero,Definitely has some great potential. Overall really fun and pretty hard core.
76561198262932685,Recommended,236370,32366434,Posted: 12 June,all,Battleyn,This game is great but it needs for things added to it also MUTIPLAYER im just not going to go their
76561198065963628,Not Recommended,236370,32303407,Posted: 9 June,all,Lucas319315,This game was one i had hope for but it died
76561197993153181,Recommended,236370,14427759,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Toughest of Bullies,This game is glorious.But it would be far more glorious with horrifying aliens that wanted to tear my face off and dirty my undergarments.
76561198099466864,Recommended,236370,8580065,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Honey---Boo--Boo,"Very fun and promising, although dont purchase now thinking that you wil be able to play a campaign yet, all that is available at this date is multiplayer. But if you think that this looks promising it is a good investment as it is only going to get more expensive in the future.Also a game does take longer than one year to mak so please ignore the negetive reviews saying this game is never coming out because it has only been on steam for 6 months."
,Recommended,236370,8686444,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SimplyPanda,"The game is fun, of course its still in progress, but if you can get headshots you are good to go"
,Recommended,236370,13443742,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Wong Tong Silva,"Gives me a very strong Rainbow 6 terrorist hunt vibe, and that is sweet sweet euphoria..."
76561198092466733,Recommended,236370,8861486,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,TheDirtySuit,Great game so far
,Recommended,236370,7857111,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Orpheus,Excellent. Not much more to be said.
76561198120741345,Recommended,236370,8625357,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,foushbag,"how do i start a mission like in the video there is a very short clip of a new gun and it says lvl 5 - submachine gun and ect.can you tell me how to start a mission and use new guns becuase im vl 4 and i have not recived a new gun.Please respond back as soon as possible,  sincerly pfoushee"
76561197989227049,Recommended,236370,8800955,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Matthew1280,"Great game for being a prototype ,cant wait for it to be finished."
,Recommended,236370,7872171,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mr. Nick,"It is a really great game, Just needs some minor patches & fixes, Like In multiplayer, everyone just runs around & shoots each other, Needs a stealth mechanic, The multiplayer reminds me to much of COD, I hope to see it upgraded in the future :D"
76561198068727217,Recommended,236370,8582995,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ellopudding,"Has a ways to go, but it is a cool game. :3"
,Recommended,236370,8599382,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,handholdless virgin,Expensive but good
,Recommended,236370,8599719,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The Helicopter Guy,It needs Allot of work but I have hope in this game. I think its still pre-alpha but it looks very good for a pre-alpha. I would buy it to help these guys out to make a good game.
,Recommended,236370,8684540,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ammytates,"It's obvious that this game still needs a lot of work, however I trust that these guys will deliver a phenominal product to us when it's finished."
,Recommended,236370,8713873,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,AnonFriction,"Still an early build, but it's solid which is nice, Maybe not a ton of current features but the ones it does have feel nice and are done well.  I'm really looking forward to what they can do with it as they progress and can't wait for oculus support ! :D"
76561198035289430,Recommended,236370,8613111,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,NoSympathy,"great game so far, cant wait to see more"
,Recommended,236370,8174809,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dung30n,For the love of the game. Because only love can make you a player.
76561197995453232,Recommended,236370,9966979,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,<GSq>Radar.com,"I like this game, and am still looking forward to playing it. I really hope that happens before armageddon."
,Not Recommended,236370,9957196,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[-ARX-] Kr3m1in,"The game attempts to play like a sci-fi Rainbow Six. Only problem is, it doesn't. The game doesn't discourage tactics that you would never use in Rainbow Six, much less real combat, in fear of getting bullet stuffed. The result? People just walking around indiscriminately shooting with no fear of death or major wounds because the game not only doesn't take measures to discourage it, the game actively encourages it."
,Not Recommended,236370,31953326,Posted: 25 May,all,Onigo,"Do not buy it right now, read the other reviews."
,Not Recommended,236370,16744925,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MegaBadger24,"The cooperative tactical gameplay is pretty cool, can't wait to see the System Shock role-playing and half life story-driven elements that the developer claims that this game has. I also can't wait for reasons to keep coming back to this game (outside of re-recording footage over codec problems):https://youtu.be/s2aXn0fPK4w"
,Not Recommended,236370,10352063,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Amory,"****Update****Do NOT get this game.  This game is why i don't buy early access any more.****Update****This game sounded like it was going to be awesome, so I got it when it was on sale.So far there is little to no community and nothing fun you can do in single player.Wait until it is released to see if you should buy it.  It does have a TON of potential, it's just not there yet."
76561198021679338,Recommended,236370,13576212,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LGND,"****THIS IS NOT MY REVIEW****My review in its entirety was a page too long to be submitted to the steam review forums.But if you would like to know EXACTLY what Interstellar Marines is, what kind of experience you'll recieve, and may be interested in purchasing yourself a copy, I strongly urge you to give my review a look, which can be found by clicking onthis link here. I've tried to give an unbiased, yet insightful and respectful review of what I feel could possibly be the most serious and spectacular benchmark in the Tactical FPS genre. This is not a game; This is a simulator.Please leave any comments or ratings of my review on this Steam review."
,Not Recommended,236370,31755862,Posted: 14 May,all,M.Drip,haven't updated in nearly healf a year. Consider it dead
76561198162261757,Recommended,236370,22180614,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cappuccino,"The idea is good but co op is not the best option,s game and there are a decent amount to improve in this game. Overall this game would be good if more work was put into it to make it better :D"
,Not Recommended,236370,30026132,Posted: 18 February,all,Calebc789c,"This could have been a great game, but the devs were too ambitious and now it's basicaly dead. RIP"
76561198196906414,Recommended,236370,22109979,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,~ v i b e s ~ Squash,Looks like a really fun game but laggu as crap
,Recommended,236370,22116895,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Oof-Meister,"It's still early access, but the game itself is good. It's kinda laggy for me, and I have a really good PC, so I'm trying to find a good way to make it run better. Still a really good idea."
76561198094394143,Recommended,236370,10339714,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,R3con_338,"Lots of fun. Feels like Counter-Strike in space. Tatically challenging fun. Death is fast and you have to be on your toes. The map design is interiesting, fresh, and beautiful. I would reccomed this game to anyone looking for a fun shooter that feels fresh and innovative. There are updates released regually and they all feel relevant and add to the overall experience.Buy it."
76561197995747362,Recommended,236370,10357711,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Harambe,its a great team player game that shouldent be misted
,Recommended,236370,10373863,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ＢＬＯＯ,Very good game.Can't wait til it gets more updated.
,Recommended,236370,10305874,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Phoenix OG,"At Time of Writing(May 2014)Obvioulsy there are going to be bugs, since it is an Early Access game, however, on consideration of the bugs, and lack of updates, It is an amazing game with amazing concepts.  One Thing it does need, is more Weapon Developments(there are only 2), as well as Character Customization.  There should also be more choices for the graphics, for obvious reasons, and The Maps are very highly detailed.  The actual Shooting needs to be improved, sometimes its very buggy, and its damage caused to opponents seems a bit random and unreliable (You get random one hit kills).  With it being Early Access, you don't lose out at all, and get to see the game develop, and reach its end product."
,Not Recommended,236370,27732287,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AND I'M FREEEEEE,"Abandoned, but what do you expect from a game that took over a year to implement crouching in a tactical shooter?"
,Not Recommended,236370,26258153,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[lljk]ChillyPheesesteak,"I want to believe.But bought this in 2014, and a couple years later it seems like there's been little noticeable progress since.Was such a good premise, but eh. Save your money and get something else."
76561198008592785,Recommended,236370,14475392,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Fire of Nazi Jesus,Good game with new ideas and must have for any combat lover
,Recommended,236370,30644860,Posted: 20 March,all,spddl.de,still believe
,Recommended,236370,11000884,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Gatecrasher,"Interstellar Marines may be an indie game but i have high hopes for this game when i first looked at it. It feels like a Sci-fi action moive sometimes, my favorite expirence of this game so far is when day turns to night and you can go hunting or be hunted. Going in without a flashlight is not as hard as it looks, just shoot at the lights :D"
76561197991869595,Not Recommended,236370,33068776,Posted: 30 June,all,Iridionprime,"I bought this game way back when early access first became a thing and I had high hopes for it. But like others, I was royally shafted by developers who never had any serious plans to finish their work. Just goes to show the dangers of early access. If anything this was a learning experience for me and I never support early access because by and large, early access equates to a game that never releases and is merely coddled with pathetic updates that fix stupid little glitches along the way. Don't waste even a dollar on this piece of garbage. Shame on the developers, no integrity whatsoever."
76561198071702749,Recommended,236370,8106321,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Adjuster,"Ok this is a re-do since the game has some changes one being customization; These can be aquired by completing pve missions, winning a pvp match(or just participating I don't play pvp much), and participating in the Hell Week Event. PVE is still weak due to a small map variety and mission types. PVP got some love but still playing the same five or six maps gets repetative but it's more skill based and promotes aiming more since no one has shields and a head shot is your best chance at getting a quick kill. Now weapon choice in this game is laughably small with there being a pistol, sub-machine gun, and assault rifle ready for use. Hopefully the developers get the money and backers to further develope the game"
,Recommended,236370,8064965,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BigDunks,Excellent start. The lag makes gameplay frusturating however all issues seem minor. I would like to see a crouch function. A better aim function and HUD display. Look forward to attempting the single player.
,Recommended,236370,8128270,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,lomhow1234 | skinhub.com,"Pretty cool, basically Halo Beta for PC/Mac, only difference is characters are more realistic. No blood from being shot which is weird, but still in beginning phases.  I like it and can see it going far. Only things it needs is BOTS, a Campaign, melee damage and blood from bullet wounds. Oh and more guns :/ only the SMG so far. But the game is still in its beginning and gets updated with new stuff a lot. Just needs more players and more stuff I guess :/, otherwise its good."
76561198070177578,Recommended,236370,8008253,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,𓃣 Cmdr. Bill [HMS Basilisk] 𓃣,"So far this game seems to be getting along quite well, however it is on extremely early access which is apparent with things such as a lack of crouching, or lowering of the weapon whilst sprinting etc. (I Imagine leaning will also add more to the game) means that the game feels relatively fast paced at this moment in time compared to how it will be later.Because of the early access nature of the game, it is quite possible that something may go wrong in future development. However, the initial game, or at least what we can see of it is fairly well developed, with immersion factors in the recent update 7 adding quite a lot too the game. For starters, it brings about a reconcilliation between standard ""Game"" factors, and immersion breakers. IE: Most games will use hit detection via a little ""X"" over the crosshair. Marines however, does this by placing a small square over the enemy bodypart that you hit and only appears if your HUD is active. (Your HUD is controlled by your helmet being up or down and armour health/HP. Too much damage will disable it). Which is not only a unique feature, but really makes you feel like its an immersive futuristic experience.In fact, I'd say one of the parts they've really nailed on this game is the immersive experience, the fact that when it rains and my visor is up, I get rain drops splatter onto my helmet, or the fact that I have to use my laser sight to hipfire efficiently. It just feels good, and for someone who is a lover of Milsim it makes the game far more valuable and memorable too me.This game so far has amazing potential, and I look forward to seeing how it gets along. That being said, I recommend you wait a short while before buying, what we have now is brilliant, but it is quite barebones and so the later product can change in a multitude of ways. However if the devs keep it up the way they are, then I whole heartedly recommend the purchase and if you feel like you have cash to splurge, and want to try it now then don't let me stop you! The devs have been active, and I have no reason to doubt them, its obvious they are working hard! Truthfully its been awhile since I've seen such a polished game in early access!"
76561198072549859,Recommended,236370,8194353,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SCO_508,Game is Sick Kinda a Halo / PS2 kinda game !Can only get better from Here !!!!4 Stars !!!With the Possibillty of a 5 Star when things are said and Done !!!!
,Recommended,236370,8424488,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OceanSoul95,It is a great game with a lot of potential and has come an incredibly long way from when it was first playable. Buy it now before it is released and becomes more expensive!
,Recommended,236370,8454117,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FESTY_666,"This game is a really refreshing take on the FPS scene. Super immersive, evolving environments along with amazing lighting and sound makes this game just great fun to play."
,Recommended,236370,8296410,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SupahFly™,Great start. Get it ready soon!!
76561198069471676,Recommended,236370,8421677,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Arabic Bread,"If you like some old style games then this is it. The aiming is almost unneeded and you hav unlimited ammo. It's pretty much an old school shooter with great graphics. Also on that note theres only 1 active server that Ive experienced. It's good fun, but it needs a more active community or at least bring a group of friends with you and you will have a lot of fun."
76561197982807380,Recommended,236370,8496120,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,mediamick,"this game is just walk around views of bad gaming environs. I had this game since its release NO progress no actual gameing involved. I have purchased 3 early release games.....NO gaming just art work and minor maps to just walk in and there is nothing redeaming in any of them.The store intros are just visions of what the game should be!Regards MediaMick,p.s I have been gaming since PONG, but i fear our beloved PC gaming is slowly going away giving way to cons........Hell i cant even say it,LONG LIVE PC GAMING I will miss waiting for the next great card and discussing which card is best with my sons....♥♥♥♥♥ consoles."
,Recommended,236370,8419572,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Garrett Of Rivia,"Very fun even with only a few players on, and in the early stage that its in, definitly deserves more people playing it and supporting it"
,Recommended,236370,8655305,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,sombray,"Very barebones yet is suprisingly the best corridor shooter I have played. Just buy it, it is very worth it."
76561198101272939,Recommended,236370,9006995,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,WarriorSoul,the raw element in this game is great. i recomend to anyone who likes FPS
,Recommended,236370,7489587,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,moonunit42,This game looks really promising and is a lot of fun
,Recommended,236370,13999798,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ReachStacker,Just a perfect combination between Horror and Team-work
,Recommended,236370,14007951,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rithm,"This game has come a LONG way, and has progressed from when I first bought the title.1. They fixed the gunplay, so now it's hitscan, which improves the game SO MUCH.2. Updates are coming in, slowly but surely.3. SILENCERS.4. Still only two guns in the game. At least you can switch between both on the fly, which is much appreciated.Overall, the game has crawled out of development hell, and actually has a visible future. Buy the game, support the devs, and hope for the best."
76561198057001973,Recommended,236370,14436482,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,bidiBuzz,This is the stressed multiplayer game i ever play. So ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
,Recommended,236370,8304248,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ethiixx,"Space Sharks with Legs, That is all."
,Recommended,236370,8200113,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,F3ARCATZ,This game is really fun and its in beta but when it gets out the price is going to rise
,Recommended,236370,19071559,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Thermal E-Rocker,"Really solid game, fun, but be warned that your FPS might drop a bit if your machine isn't very powerful.The most important note: Right now, there is essentially no one playing. If you don't have friends to play this with (thankfully i do have friends who own this game) then DO NOT BUY INTERSTELLAR MARINES.Servers are dead, which kinda sucks because it limits you to only being able to play with your friends, seeing as no one else is around."
,Recommended,236370,13570277,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pr1mus3,"The map loads as my visor slides down over my face and I attach a silencer to my sub-machine gun, and then my rifle as the gates to hell unfold. I willingly step through them and am thrust into a dark enviornment with lethal robots. Fast foward 5 minutes, and I've killed 10 out of seemingly countless robots, although there are only 40. Enter Interstellar Marines, an amazingly intense shooter. These past few updates have made the game worth playing, because, beforehand, the multiplayer was often empty. But now, the single player levels are awesome to play. I highly recommend buying the four pack, as playing alone, nobody can hear you scream."
,Recommended,236370,12835843,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GwamRepentia,"for a game that is in early Alpha, the gameplay feels extremely polished and fluid. The fundamentals for an amazing game are there. There is of course. bugs and glithces, as to be expected, but as the game stands, it is alot of fun and definately worth the price."
76561198013001520,Recommended,236370,12713093,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Big Doink$,This has to be one of the most immersive games i have ever played. Graphics are beautiful a great coop game to play with friends and some of the best sound design i have ever heard. 10/10
,Recommended,236370,30731142,Posted: 25 March,all,Gnarly Gnome,"I love this game I really do, but nobody plays it. If the dev(s) would make it F2P I feel like it would really take off again."
76561198197317306,Not Recommended,236370,24072682,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AamazingGiantMan,"Do not buy! Its incredibley laggy and the fps is like 4. I maneged to get a refund but i do not recommend.Thats just my opinyon, though."
,Recommended,236370,12747061,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Emperor President,"Give these people money!I was super disappointed about the game when I first got it a year ago, but I held out since the game is still in Alpha.I decided to update the game this morning, and I was instantly hit by the awesome train.Super excited for more single player. GIVE ME MORE!"
,Not Recommended,236370,20070641,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,intox,"The game is good; the development cycle is not. Updates are lackluster and next to contentless, and are not going in the direction of a finished game. Wait untill the devs get off of their lazy asses and do something, then, and only then, will it be a game worth purchasing unless you want to play the game for a few hours, burn out, and then never touch it again due to no content being added since the last time you've played."
,Not Recommended,236370,19774508,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Fish,"Almost 3 years in early access, still no Single Player story, just multiplayer updates. Wish I got my refund sooner"
,Not Recommended,236370,28023355,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TacticalBlobfish,"Backed this game before it was on steam. It was the first game I was truly excited for. But the focus on multiplayer has caused the decs to stray away from their original plans, which was a tactical and strategic singleplayer sci-fi shooter. don't get me wrong, multiplayer is a good thing, but if the primary focus was a singleplayer experience, the focus should not have been on multiplayer so much. Yes it's nice to have something to play, but more should have been turned towards the fundamentals of the game. The couple of missions available are a great teaser to see what this game could have been like, but after a couple playthroughs, they get old quick. I hope they find a publisher or an investor and make the game they wanted, but until then, there is not much point to playing this game. I wish I could say otherwise. I am truly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,236370,29188758,Posted: 11 January,all,JaffaRebellion,"While I am really impressed with the idea of Interstellar Marines, I just can't recommend it in its current state.  There's not enough content right now to be worth it.  But definitely keep an eye on this one.  It may just surprise us.  Put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,236370,31606641,Posted: 7 May,all,normmstein,"This game is amazing! The mechanics and overall feel of movement is by far one of the best I have every played. I am a huge fan of ArmA 2 and 3 and have logged hundreds of hours in each. I have also played all of the Rainbow Six series and currently have over 200 hours in Insurgency. This game is well on par with those in my opinion as far as feel and immersion. Unfortunately they have been having some developer problems, but with what they have available now and the dedication of the remaining team, I think this is a worthwhile purchase. I would highly reccommend supporting this developer and give them the opportunity to realize their full dream and the potential of what is already an awesome experience."
,Recommended,236370,10411259,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,God Dammit Nanako,"This game looks, plays, and will be great. But Dayum the dev process is slow so prepare for a wait."
76561197988511187,Recommended,236370,28858790,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HermisFTW,"game has great potential, and is constantly updated. great gfx and multiplayer capability."
76561198160271533,Recommended,236370,18944876,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,UnrelatedPopcornFire,"Cool concept and game mechanics, but Id recommend waiting for the full version. At the moment it isnt enough to be $17.99. Solid game though"
76561198058132397,Recommended,236370,24548492,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dr. Chris (Leader of Wumbology),"This game is beautiful. There is nothing more to say.The animations are smooth and the maps are good. The CTR's are terrifying and during a playthrough of escape I found a easter egg landshark which if it were running at me I wouldve♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in terror.The reviews that are negative cite lack of content. This is true, there is not a whole lot here, hence it being early access. If you have a friend to play coop with thats perfect.That leads me to my only complaint about this game. The playerbase. Literally 16 people online last time I logged in.The devs are looking for a publisher to try and get this game out there more. This would hopefully lead to a full story."
,Recommended,236370,16732366,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MarurabaATX,"a decent game stuck in open development hell for a while but it has pulled out of itif you enjoy watching a game as if it were a car go from a rear-view mirror (circa 2012) to a full fledged f1 car (present time) then pick this up.it feature realistic shooting and coop gameplay in muliple game modes players and even npcs nowadays.some of roleplaying elements for added realism and great level design, ever wanted to be on a moving platform map?if your not into military shooters then avoid intersteller marines."
76561198059782377,Recommended,236370,24367763,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ArcticSpartan117,This game has been in development for a long time. But I think they are headed down the right road. I can't wait to see the final product!
,Recommended,236370,14487442,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,dave-_-_,Great FPS which is really focused on strategy and tactical Co-op. Graphics are great even for dinky computers.
76561198039271135,Not Recommended,236370,14629468,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,calkhi,"Ok, first off, you die WAY too fast. Second off, people are idiots and never revive you. Third off, the tutorial is literally worthless.Movement seems incredibly clunky and stealth is a worthless mechanic in this game. Don't use it.Yeah, I've only played about an hour of the game, but if I can't move past one hour because of these glaring issues, we're going to need to have a heart to heart, you know?So, there's literally no explination to how the mechanics work. In every other FPS it's either so simple only an idiot wouldn't understand it, or there is an extentive, scaling campain which teaches you how to play the game.No no, in this game I have no idea how to do half the crap in it, and the missions are worthless wastes of time.Did I mention the control layout?Press shift to switch between 'jog' and 'walk' and hold shift to run. F is for flash light, which is understandable. G is for the laser, which is OK because there are no grenades.Did I mention there's also no mele? Yep, you have to spray n' pray at close range. Oh yeah, there's no reticle to help in that regard, either.Oh yeah, and there's no surround sound. Someone can be on the right of you, but the noise is coming out of both speakers. So have fun trying to pinpoint where people are based on sound.I understand this is a small dev team, but there needs to be some serious work put into this game before it's even worthy to be mentioned anywhere but here. On steam.I'll try to mention anything gamebreaking that I come across, but that seems to be the high point of this game....There are no bugs. For an early access game, this is practically bugless.My advice to the dev team? Bring this game over to Bethesda and have them produce the bulk content. Then you guys can make it bugless. It would literally be a perfect game with no issues that everyone would love no matter why they play the game.So, here's the TL;DR: It will need a lot of work in the gameplay, audio, and content department. This is a given for an early access game, and I'm not telling you to forget this game forever. I'm telling you to wait a while to see what happens.All in all? It feels like it's trying to imulate Payday 2 type stealth, but without any real knowldge how.On the ""This game has the potential to be awesome"" scale: 9/10On the ""Current rating of the game"" scale: 2/10INVEST WITH CARE."
,Recommended,236370,14658503,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Basekiller,"This game has developed so far from the begginings when there was only 1 gun and jumping was not even added and there was only 2 or 3 maps. I bought this game in 2012 or 2013 i can't remmember more likly 2013 tho and ive watched it develop and in the biggining the multiplayer was buggy low frams and it was hard to play becuase of the charecter movment well now we've got co-op for that well edleast the big map co-op missions the smaller maps are fine but more optimization would be nice. What drew me to this game and is still one if not greatest feature is its weather machanics where your in a huge dome areana training and the weather will change. It differ greatly between maps such as some maps will give you a blizzard some will give you pitch black darkness and fire sirens with flashing red lights. But the guns and the movement are still very limited and you will find you charecter sounding  like hes dieing if you run to much like e and my freinds are sure he has asma, the gun play and charecter movment has improved there jumping and suppresers and such but still you will struggle to move around fast some times and player can and will block you in hallways bye accident of not. And the missions i have played, like the Neurogen Incident were great and i haven't played threw everything. What i hope to see in the future for this game is better move ment better guns and better optimized for mac and pc users, oh and linux if it supports linux not sure. Over all its been a couple years tho move ment has been slow on this and i hope it will speed up a bit as we go becuase i remmember when patches would rarly happen but i would 100% buy this game unless you would like to wait and see how it pans out. My over all score so far is a solid 7.5/10. would be a nine but again the movment and the guns and the frams and its not just me."
76561198105250990,Recommended,236370,15660411,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SexualJohnMadden,"I saw this game a couple of months ago and said ""hey this looks pretty cool"" so I bought a four pack and got into a coop match with my friends. I was aware that the game was supposed to be scary, but I said to myself ""You've played Aliens Isolation ,you're a big boy"". I was feeling pretty confident. We spawned in and began walking to the objective, guns at the ready. We felt pretty badass, and whatever the enemy was was going to get one legenday♥♥♥♥♥kicking, or so we thought. We walk down a corridor, through a building, and activate anobjective. Then we hear slow, heavy footsteps. We held our breath, as if the enemy could hear us, then the stomps turned into a sprint, louder, louder.....and then silence. Slowly we opened the door and crept out, scanning nervously. Then all of a sudden we are under fire from nearly 9, terrifying robots, all from different directions. My friends broke formation and scrambled to cover, isolating me and each other . After nearly 2 minutes of being pelted by automatic fire, we regain our senses and start franctically calling out targets""UP ON THE ROOF!"" ""RIGHT BEHIND US"" &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ THEY'RE EVERYWHERE!"" I saw a door a couple of meters away, and called it out. We all sprinted into the building and closed the door. Then I realized that this was our objective! What luck! Hot damn I said this game is ♥♥♥♥ing easy! We flipped the objective switch, and then the power went out, I yelled for my buddies to hit their flashlights, and they obliged, their flashlights casting erie shadows across our room. Then we hear the heavy, sprinting footsteps of what sounds like a thousand enemies. We actually sat in the corner for nearly 5 minutes, terrified, doing absolutely nothing but staring into the inky darkness that our ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flashlights failed to pierce. My hearbeat sounded like a machinegun at this point. Thats about when our room was stormed by nearly 22 melee robots.11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again"
,Recommended,236370,14924696,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Bob Bibblin' Bob Bibbiddy,This has so much potential and for an early access it's already really great.  Can't wait for more great things
,Recommended,236370,17106813,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zelren,"Well it's certainly different from most FPS and it has a good concept. It's pretty simple yet complicated depending how you feel like going about missions. The missions are always different, always fun. What you probably saw in the trailers and stuff is, super cool alien land sharks! yeah, awesome am i right? surprise. no land sharks for you. Have only 2 different types of robot enemies.Yuk."
76561198019441212,Not Recommended,236370,17586104,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,The Shotgun God,"So disappointed with this game. I gave my money and I get a cool feeling/♥♥♥♥♥♥ muliplayer game with robots..boring ones at that. the cool sharks...the story, the co-op...nope.Why even show us that♥♥♥♥♥♥if we are going to get none of it. Pathetic.REFUND!"
76561197989992743,Recommended,236370,15214300,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Atumal,this game is in a early acess faze but is awsome if you like fps games and tatical combat this game is for you
,Recommended,236370,16626977,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Valkyrie,Hell week is the battle royal we've all been waiting for.
,Not Recommended,236370,16512907,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[FkN]silentr0ck',"Well I've always liked the concept of this game, but seriously it's merely advertising.The devs haven't delivered most of what they are promising and the game is far from being fun, I can't play more than 15 minutes, I just can't bear how buggy and unstable it is.Firstly, I found there's a lack of servers, or people playing the game at all, so it makes it hard to achieve a decent enough multiplayer experiencia.The game lacks to provide any highlights as of why it'd be any different from the wide variety of FPS out there, for me it's just the same because the devs haven't added up half of what they have promised over the years.Maybe wait a couple years to purchase..."
76561198062139190,Not Recommended,236370,17512865,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,IronGiant,"Sucks... I made the mistate of forgetting I have 4 hours allready from it's trial. And buying it to test it again only to notice I can't get a refound. But that's my fault. Basicly you have a game that trys to mimmic battlefeild in reguards to lighting. Grey,grey,white,grey,white. As battlefeild did blue and orange. It's the most BOREING game ever...You play 1 mission... You play it all. Coop is basicly broken unless you do LAN. It's not internet it just crashes unless I hook up lan. I don't know if thats my fault or not. It's not compedative. You can get lucky here or there in shooting people. It's whoever shoots first."
,Not Recommended,236370,23377471,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Madmonkeypie,Dont play this game until its finished
76561198086070956,Not Recommended,236370,18348526,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Maniacle,i want my money back this game is going nowhere
,Recommended,236370,15112513,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Feeling Feynman,"I have high hopes for this game and I feel some ampathy for the developpers who had unfortunately gone bankrupt (if I am right) and had to restart this all over again from the unreal engine to the unity engine.Graphically, the game looks incredible (light effects always get me). But I haven't seen any update for about 2 months now ( since I bought the game), and I really wish they made one, to release some new guns or new missions. Or maybe they are working on a huge one right now to release a lot, but until then we might have to wait some long time. I will also buy the spearhead edition to support the devs and have already talked to most of my friends to get them to buy the game, so hopefully it will be worth it!"
76561198081313134,Recommended,236370,24312921,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,pansku,the development is stuck. this is an unfinished game. buy it only if you have money to spare
76561198066484961,Recommended,236370,24766508,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Titus,"This game is an extremely unique FPS experience. It needs more support, so go check it out!"
,Not Recommended,236370,31318059,Posted: 23 April,all,wheen,this game is the reason i stopped buying early access. should have bought a pizza instead
76561198074871992,Recommended,236370,29969070,Posted: 16 February,all,BattleWolfAlpha,"Interstellar Marines is the best FPS game i've seen in the few FPS games i've played and I recommend and love it because of all it has to offer such as modes and fighting mechanism plus the maps.Half the game is fighting very well done bots. then the other half is against players.All very good in the end, unfortunatly they can't fix glitches or add more maps ect because of the lack of money they have to develope Interstellar Marines.Since it is small at the moment I'm meeting lots of good people and getting into servers very easy.This game does need more players."
76561198036811632,Not Recommended,236370,31574286,Posted: 5 May,all,captkirk_43,this game has been in earlly for way to long and should be banned from buying or what ever. do not buy. lazy incompetent dev's .loose the gant people. boycot!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,236370,24006603,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Blazeris The Cat,"This game would be good if it didnt had empty servers very unactive players. This game has had alot of promises and i can sense a future update. But from what I see. But I can't see it happening. I actually did like this game, I really did. But when not much people play it and servers are down. No point in buying it :c"
,Not Recommended,236370,26274396,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,o|-} Patches,Bought the Spearhead edition almost three years ago. Haven't happened much since then. Do not under any circumstances buy; devs will never finish this mess.
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,236370,25021066,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,"It was originaly a single player game with land sharks, scifi, and a spooky setting. Right now we have a boring shoot robots co-op game. The enemys all look the same and gameplay is just so boring. It's probably never going to be finished and even if they do it will never be the interesting game promised to most people who own it."
76561197993605316,Not Recommended,236370,26304304,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aedwynn,"The game is in pretty much the same ""early access"" state it was 3 years ago. But it was first announced back in 2010, 6 (almost 7) years ago.Broken promises, no game delivered despite enormous money community spent on this game. It is dead. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,236370,24979056,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mattias Bloodskull,Robot shooting simulator.
76561198085726155,Recommended,236370,14685490,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Rosewood,Played Colony map and got gang banged by 1/2 a dozen slap bots!10/10 would get gang banged again.
,Not Recommended,236370,19102932,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ty 4 ez win,the gameplay is smooth and fun but there is only about 8 people on at a time
,Not Recommended,236370,23407970,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,VaeVictus,"Not enough content in it... Don't buy, not yet."
,Recommended,236370,12737992,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Fonzius ^v^,Wow everything that you are told in the trailer of this phenomenal game is utterly true
76561198015747080,Recommended,236370,12768736,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Maniac Medic,"So far, it's un-friggin-forgiving. Even the lowly droids can kill you without a problem. It's still in an early stage, but don't let that stop you from getting it. It looks amazing, and has quite a lot of potential!"
76561198074521047,Recommended,236370,12675069,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Asmodeus,"Difficult and Fun. Has a tendency to make you rage quit after you die for the  thirty-first time in the NeuroGen Incident.Terrifying, even though no landsharks yet."
,Not Recommended,236370,20370335,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lagarto,"This game is a let down and noone should care about it, funny thing is the devs keep saying it will be perfected ore even released i see this joke since 2014"
,Recommended,236370,9170420,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,boog,what the hell is this game
76561197999423205,Recommended,236370,31990456,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,Fun to play with friends. Would install again.
76561198066422617,Not Recommended,236370,22909422,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Psycho,The devs took our money and ran stay away.
,Recommended,236370,21445973,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kronos,"This game is getting a lot of sucky rep because of a lack of fast updates, etc. It's absolutely stupid and I'm going to explain why.This is an early access game made by a few guys at their house. You cannot expect it to be a Triple-A game immediately and rate it as if it is one. Not only that, recently they LOST BOTH THEIR MAIN DEVELOPERS due to a lack of money! These guys are doing my best and leaving bad reviews is only hurting, not helping. This is an absolutely amazing tactile shooter for what it is, and the fact that people are leaving bad reviews because it is not being updated after they lost their main developers brings a tear to my eye."
,Not Recommended,236370,24495547,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,someone 69 someone,"I am running OSX 10.9.5, Core 2 Duo 2.26, GeForce 9400M, 4GB Ram, and i got 3 FPS!!!WTF"
76561198043723795,Recommended,236370,34753757,Posted: 5 September,all,Carim Knight,"Despite the fact that game is still in deveploment hell. I think this game has a lot of potential to be great. Right now the current games view you almost immortal what comes on battle. Very fast and extremely lethal.This game puts you in to boots of a soldier who is sent alone in to two different missions. It will be stressful and your instincts, tactical knowledge, constant awareness of your surroundings and cunning are put in to greatest test. You only have your SMG, AR and Pistol. Opposite of you stands some bots armed with guns or not. They are not going to be merciful. Will you break under the pressure and stress? Or will conquer your challenge and come back to your command with the objectives completed. There is nothing more satisfying than completing a challenge or a mission in realistic mode in this game. Alone.Yes there are bugs but those can be fixed. All is needed that slightly bigger game company takes a notice of the game and is willing to work with the person who is making this game. Sure you can make argument that if you want another combat simulation game like Interstellar Marines just take ARMA but ARMA doesn't have what Interstellar Marines has. Scifi theme and actual story at least what I have heard. If you have played CS games this is a game you have to try at least couple times.I hope the developer will find a company that is going to get interested in to game."
76561198006720180,Not Recommended,236370,27370344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stephan Paddock,As it stand with little activity from the Dev's I gotta give up on this game. The are other titles out that come close to what this was aiming for and are far more completed
76561198019219800,Not Recommended,236370,25085911,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SUPER AIDS  ツ,"I have to admit I had some great memories playing this game with friends and I'll always cherish those adventures, but the game is not good, it's basically abandoned as well. Sorry devs"
,Not Recommended,236370,25437036,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Vodka Slam,"*sigh*... When i first saw this game. It was an interesting idea. It was going to be a hardcor, survival coop shooter but instead of facing the generic zombies...you face Shark Lion Hybrids. An the animation and short videos on them were terrifying.here are a few photos of this creature...http://gamingbolt.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/interstellar-marines.jpghttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/615022620957779120/A71661F7DE4D39900AB658446618FD15148B6646/But ever since its reveal, they havent done anything with adding content or info about the shark hybrids. All we got are robots because its ""simple and easy"". There turn around from doing something unique and interesting. Just went to another generic semi-realistic shooter.But no lie, i bought the game all because there trying to make a realistic coop shooter with added survival elements by adding Land Shark Hybrids. It is a very scary creature to come across....but we have to deal with ""generic robots"" for now.Until they release content with the sharks and add real survival elements like they were going for...i wouldn't recommend it at this state. Especially its September and these guys havent updated since May."
,Not Recommended,236370,31825785,Posted: 18 May,all,JonRahhhhhhh,"I think they bit off more than they could chew.The idea itself is great, I loved the environments changing during a firefight. One second you see an enemy and are shooting him, the next it gets dark and it's a game of stealth, then it rains and I feel like Predator stalking players/bots. I liked the gun sounds, graphics were great, kills felt satisfying because of the ragdoll physics and it wasn't a bullet sponge game. Over all it was heading in the right direction.But it's basically dead unless they have a major patch coming up that adds years worth of cool stuff.Really hoping they pull through, this game was fun."
,Not Recommended,236370,32519926,Posted: 17 June,all,ihatecheez,i love early access
,Not Recommended,236370,33628404,Posted: 18 July,all,S4R1N,The f***ers abandoned it.I hope they suffer for it.
,Not Recommended,236370,26973577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ping|Archimaede,"It had so much potential, but the devs screwed up and now it's dead. RIP."
76561198113977304,Not Recommended,236370,29714688,Posted: 5 February,all,Quiet Kid,"what a garbage game. it looks neat and the controls are nice, but f me it's like it was designed by someone who doesn't even play games. in addition to nobody ever playing because it's not anything special, there are only 2 or 3 missions that i've seen, and the level design is just as bad. you have to open a door every .75 seconds by clicking a small button, the ai tries to shoot you through the floor, and in other times walk right past you, and there are dozens of pointless rooms to go in and get nothing from. no items, not hiding places, just pointless areas to get lost in, oh and there is often no direction where to go, and if you're in a fight and not paying attention to what the cliche'd robotic woman voice guide says, you're sol just wandering around doing nothing.this is why common sense is necessary for game and level design. and character design... look at those idiotic looking soldiers, supposedly the most advanced space marines of the universe."
,Not Recommended,236370,33745242,Posted: 23 July,all,LoliBox™,"I bought this for me and friend quite a while ago, this game had alot of potential, i even upgraded myself to spearhead, but now, the Updates has just went *poof* , maybe they are preparing for a massive update? Or has the developers left this game ages ago? For now, i do not reccomend this game, this reminded me not to trust early access games anymore."
76561198034687534,Not Recommended,236370,33790177,Posted: 25 July,all,Steven Seagull,"It´s dead, so much wasted potential :("
76561198118736977,Not Recommended,236370,34184063,Posted: 11 August,all,Sir Territory,"Stay away. Stay far, far away."
76561198069845213,Not Recommended,236370,30195306,Posted: 26 February,all,Tomoko,"All I can say is glad I didn't buy the spearhead back when this hit EA.Was terrible then, forgot it was even a game, looks like nothing changed judging by everyone else."
,Not Recommended,236370,33690774,Posted: 21 July,all,do not touch borf,A B A N D O N W A R E
76561198046407118,Recommended,236370,9648512,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,True Patriot,"BUY BUY BUY!!! This game, even in  the pre-alpha, is great. There is virtually no custmization, though the weapon, HUD, maps, enviroments, etc. are amazing. The game runs very smoothly and has awesome mechanics. A few shots to the body and you're done, or 1-2 (mainly 1) shots to the head, and you're out. The devs said the campaign and co-op aspects should be out later this year, and getting this game in pre-alpha is a must! You will get all updates, and more importantly, all DLC for the low low price of FREE! When this game is finished, I beleive it could be the #1 FPS on PC. If thats not incentive enough, I don't know what is."
76561198022564731,Recommended,236370,19459930,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JamesMitchell451,"It is exactly what is advertised: a mix between halo and rainbow six. It plays like a AAA product in the best possible ways. You get some offline training simulations, But it begs to have a full campaign mode, but seeing as it is a work in progress  I don't know if I can fault them for that."
76561198025571627,Not Recommended,236370,19684402,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Wolftavien,If this game was to ever update i would fully recommend it. I love the consept and wish what they what hey promised when i got the game. If they ever acctualy add the content than this would be a fantastic game
,Recommended,236370,14439562,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Spauldz,"A few downfalls of this game:1. I don't really enjoy waiting to respawn for 105 seconds, kinda sucks.2. A lot of the controls are ♥♥♥♥y, for example jumping.3. A lack of gun variety (only 2 guns in total)4. Sometimes when you join a server it just seems to be broken entirely and nobody can spawn in at all.Because this game is in early access, I don't really mind the bugs that much and I am 99% sure that the develepors will fix most in the next update. The develepors have been working their asses off on this game and will continue to do so. I recommend this game, I myself am going to buy it after already putting a few hours into the free version that is available for a limited time. At the price it's going for you should grab it now before everyone else has it and you're the odd one out."
76561198039564023,Not Recommended,236370,19686059,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CocaineCowboy,Message to devs:  Just because you made a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of money with early alpha doesn't mean that you should stop working on your game.
,Recommended,236370,20728353,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Alek,"Awesome! We need more games like this on the market, stands out fresh with whole new level of realism and coop experience. Totally freaked out!"
,Recommended,236370,17192159,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,NFiNiTi but with a low res pic,"Fantastic Graphics (Makes My ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Computer Lag), Great Gameplay, Tactical, And More About Survival Than Combat, Choose To Play Tactical, Or Choose To Take The Shot At The Enemy, What Will You Choose?"
76561198274470054,Recommended,236370,31200907,Posted: 17 April,all,spheredmist,"It's an amazing game, it has good graphics, fun game play, and could be the best game ever, but needs funding. I would recommend this game to"
,Not Recommended,236370,31164115,Posted: 15 April,all,NUTZ_ONYUH_CHIN,Insanely promising.... too bad devs drop updates once a year. Don't buy until they've decided to put their full efforts into it.
,Not Recommended,236370,26203490,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,D R U,"For the price I bought the spearhead edition 4+ years ago, I think I deserve either some monetary compensation for loaning them money or my money back completely. Basically this game went early release a very, very, very long time ago and hasn't even begin to break out of Beta. This is pretty much like someone being like ""Hey could you loan me $50, I'll pay you back in a year"" and then calling you 7 years later to ask to meet up just so they can completely a$$fuc|< you & spit in your face.I've seen pretty much 0 progress in 5 years. I think I should get a refund."
,Recommended,236370,9658524,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,[PG]Xapeck,The most evolving indie FPS game currently in Steam :)
,Recommended,236370,9653548,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,The Critic (Trading),"I love this game so far! It is quite fun but rather hard at the start, with some polishing up this could be better than CoD or battle field.  The only thing so far that I would love is a profanity filter for say the chat."
,Recommended,236370,12282103,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Jeebus Kraist,I love this game.  The NeuroGen Incident is absolutely horrifying in a genuine way.  The thrills are endless and the atmosphere is great.  The mechanics are smooth and I can't wait until more updates are released.
76561197968560421,Recommended,236370,9748757,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Awesome game with a dedicated team of devs. The game itself is as good as it can be, but i was a little dissapointed when i realized it was powered by the unity engine. Out of all the other game engines out there i find unity to be stiff, rough around the edges, visually bland, non-fluid, and just all over the place in terms of performance.  The only game i have ever seen able to make the unity engine feel smooth is dead trigger 2 for the ios."
,Recommended,236370,9648696,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,[RS] Dan Greene,"i really like this games a lot, i've been watching it since it first appaired on GreenLight and just bought it today (thanks to that sale). this game reminds me a lot of Crysis 2, but with a hint of CS:GO, which is an awesome combo may i add. only problem for me though is my computer (at this moment) isn't exactly strong enough to run it to it's fullest.so buy it and play now."
,Not Recommended,236370,25371523,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[EOA] Lemon,It will probably be out of Early Access within the next century. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,236370,25904994,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,trxus,you get the feeling that the game it is based on multiplayer gameplay and not single-player so my suggestion is just to delete single playerdont have single player campaign when you're clearly so lazy and just putting ind robots and saying it is a single player campaign when you have a awesome idea as you had in the started with having sharks as enemy and not robots!the missions are get boring by the robots it feels so lazy and old!!I know that good stuffI like what you did with the multiplayer aspect of the game by implementing new modes and new update!!and yes I know the game is in Early Access but it has been in Early Access for three years so you can't use that as a bad excuse!!07-10-16 day of the review
,Not Recommended,236370,26346719,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,zkluhman,it took them over a year to add crouch.
76561198011252982,Recommended,236370,14457634,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jack Boot,"This is a fantastic early access game. Well worth the price and an essential purchase if you see it discounted.The game really shines when working with teammates over VOIP. We played it for hours and had a blast.Pros - Good atmosphere- No grenades- Excellent lighting dynamic. This especially keeps things interesting and dynamic.- Nice map design- Excellent respawn dynamic, get a kill or capture a capture point to respawn a dead team mate.Cons - Current joining onto the same team of your friends can be a bit difficult, You can only switch teams at the end of each match even if teams are uneven.- Limited content for single or solo (no VOIP buddies) players.- Spawn points can be camped. Something needs to be done about this.I recommend grab it and support the developers."
,Not Recommended,236370,11575833,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ShaggyBuffalo,"I bought this game a while ago, and at the time It was the first or at least one of the first early access games I've bought. At the time it seemed like a good deal. Now that I have more experience with early access, I feel that this game is on the lower end of the early access experience. The concept is great, and the game looks good on a graphical level, yet there are things that I feel make this game not a good game to buy just yet:- When I was looking at buying this game, the previews on the store page showed more than the game offered. I feel like I was cheated out of my money a bit because I pretty much paid 15$ for a tech demo when the previews showed a decent alpha/beta game.- Updates are slow, which isn't a problem for me usually, but the fact that the only time I hear from the developers is when an update is released makes me a bit frustrated. If updates are maybe 2-3 months apart and those are the only times I see news from the developers, It makes me think that they are giving up on the game, or just don't feel that the players are worth spending time on to write a little news about what they are doing or planning.- Playing only two gamemodes for months until the next gamemode comes out isn't exactly my kind of multiplayer game. I feel that the choice to release a FPS multiplayer game with only two gamemodes was a bad choice.I don't hate the game, I actually think that this can be a really cool game later on during its development. However, the game isn't what I expected. The thing that bothered me the most was the sort of false advertising on the store page. Again, the game isn't too bad, but I would wait to buy it."
76561198053979503,Not Recommended,236370,22984825,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mr. Hoover,I remember there were going to be land sharks.  Game was good for EA.  It hasn't gotten any better over the years.  Looks like the developers area giving up on it.  I doubt a finished game will never come.  Save you money for something better IMO.
,Recommended,236370,8603067,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Bandonker®™,"To start off this game is not for everyone, if your one of those people who care what there K/D is all the time and you can't handle dying well sorry but this it not the game for you but, if you dont care about anything and your just playing to have fun with friends that involves a first person shooter, well this game is right up your alley. Although this game is still in alpha stage i believe that is has some great potiental not only becasue the ideas that i have seen are already great but also that the community is growing so qucikly. I recommend this game because most of us are sick of the same old COD game that is worst every year but, in intersteller marines its al changes with the implementation of being good actually meaning something."
,Recommended,236370,31927716,Posted: 23 May,all,PoliteEnclaveSergeant,"Right now, my expectations for this game were huge and it never changed. I love the design of the game and it looks awesome. Some people hate it because simply the devs take a lot of time to update and some people just hate being patient. I'm ok with it however despite new content being released. Titanfall 2 takes a while to update because the updates are massive and eventually their worth it. Instellar Marines' update could be a month-long but they MIGHT be worth it. Hell if I know they'll actually be worth it. I'm fine on how the game actually is. Immersive and realistic combat, challenging and its fun. I just hope I get to see a land shark someday. And to see that Mech in operation. It might be negatively bad because some people aren't willing to wait long enough. Some people can even wait a year and who knows, this game might be good. Maybe the devs are busy with something else or maybe their designing new things to add. So we just gotta wait. Sometimes waiting brings something we knew it was worth waiting for. Even though I have Halo and Titanfall 2, I'll still come back to this game . No matter how badly it might be reviewed, I'll remember it to be a helluva time."
76561198059171343,Recommended,236370,7873428,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Last Zaku,"This Alpha stage game is certainly headed in the right direction. Despite the lack of content available so far, I was incredibly suprised by how much i've enjoyed playing. Immersion seems to be the focus as lighting and weather change mid-game requiring players to adjust their approach or fall prey to other marines. This IP is certainly being made with organized team play in mind. Running and gunning will bring failure more often than success. I highly encourage anyone who is looking for something new and immersive in an FPS to check this game out. Oh, and the devs have promised landsharks."
,Recommended,236370,8304639,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brim Of Obscurity,"In its early stages, but the core looks like it will shape up to be a fun game when it is complete."
,Recommended,236370,31823757,Posted: 18 May,all,The Lonely Airghost,"The game is 10 dollars, it's worth the price, don't expect much it is still in early access. There is only one developer and 3 interns or volunteers working on the game as far as i know. I've enjoyed it (as you can tell by the hours i've put into this game) play the game for a few hours get a few achievements and unlock some skins. It's 10 dollars I got my moneys worth don't just put in 0.2 hours into the game and than leave a horrible raging review about this game being incomplete, it's your responsibility to know what you're spending YOUR money on. Buy it, it's a fun game support this team. :D"
,Not Recommended,236370,8021585,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Turtle,"Don't waste your money on this. The idea of it is great, but it is still in like super alpha stages and there is literally no single player content besides running around on maps/sandbox(ish) maps. I've owned this almost since the original sale on steam and I've seen almost nothing change besides a function to open the helmet, an added laser, some hud functions, and polish work on the, so far, crappy multiplayer. I would recommend you don't buy this, at least until they come out with some actual content that is worth exploring."
76561198045754322,Not Recommended,236370,18703494,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Nolefty,install gentoo
76561198135376922,Not Recommended,236370,28197000,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Squidsaur,"Great idea, fun gameplay, but... still in developement. There's 2-3 main missions (I can't quite remember) and wargames. wargames is fun until you have to wait for everything to respawn. I haven't played much, but what I did was fun. For short bursts. There's a lack of weapons, enemies, and customizations. If they could finish the game, add more enemies, maybe add human enemies, then I could reccomnd it. It just needs more."
,Not Recommended,236370,28172781,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ThatGuy95,"eh, its a good game but its never updated there used to be only two guns but now there are three...Thats about it, it seems more like a cash grab by its devs then somthing that could actually be complete."
,Not Recommended,236370,23560682,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ali GG,I can't believe I bought this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,236370,25805540,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Abattoir Erotica,This is not the product that was promised on their Kickstarter.
76561197973473748,Recommended,236370,15877497,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mythic,"I love it. Tactics and good eyesight are needed, which I think makes this game great. Can't wait for the full game."
,Recommended,236370,14360223,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kuzkula,Getting punched to death by robots never looked so good or atmospheric.
,Not Recommended,236370,34685688,Posted: 2 September,all,OpenAI (easy bot),game seems to have been abandoned
,Recommended,236370,17556708,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mar(k)ie,Darkness. WUB. CLANK CLANK. HEADSHOT. Start level over again. 10/10 would not win again.
76561198058880984,Recommended,236370,19186586,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ForbiddenDoom,"This game is one I am hoping will one day see the light of day and get the recognition it deserves. It has a new Scifi feel to it and from what they have planned for the direction they will take this game in, it will be a must buy. However, there are not a lot of features in it now as it is still in very early alpha. (There is a load more features than when I bought it but someone new might not think so). What I am trying to say is, this small team of indie developers needs all the support and credit they deserve. And when people say that this game has been in development for 6 years, they are wrong. This game was originally supposed to come out in 2008 (I believe.) for console but sadly ZPS went bankrupt and were forced to cancel the game. This is a reboot of that franchise on an entirely new engine (That looks amazing graphics wise) and has only been in development for maybe 2 years. But considering that this is only an 8 or so person team, I am thoroughly impressed.If you are looking for a good scifi simulation shooter to pass the time then look no further. And imagine how happy you'll be when this game finshes? That way when the time comes you can say: ""Look at this game. I supported it. Great job ZPS!""In all honesty, I play it at least 3 times a week. I say it is very good for an early alpha game and the direction they are heading is going to make it a lot better. They have a few singleplayer missions which you can play coop on, multiplayer TDM (which not many people play for some reason, but I digress) and Hell week which is essentially if you mixed The Hunger Games with guns and robots. Its an awesome PVP/PVE experience."
76561198047054769,Recommended,236370,25840622,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,[L²:RP] CMR99,"This game is fun. I'll just put that out there to start off. From a personal standpoint, I love the entire concept of it. A real gritty, tactical FPS. But before I go off on a tangeant like that, I'll sum up the pros and cons real quick:PROS:• Excellent gunplayLike, seriously. The weaponry is so satisfying. I got this game way back, back when there was just one weapon - the SMG. Even then, it was awesome. Now they have added two new weapons; an Assault Rifle, and a Pistol.. Thing. Either way, there's just something very satisfying about managing to headshot someone down a corridor, all sneaky beaky like.• EnvironmentsFrom the few maps there are, already it's clear a lot of time and effort is put into things. The attention to detail really shows, with some of the more lush/open maps (such as one that randomly changes setting every now and then) being extremely well done. The layout is also rather cool, as communicating with a squad and moving through a building feels very, very satisfying.• The Suit/UIFrom passive noises, to the dynamic of the HUD projected onto a proper model of the visor, the in-game UI feels very realistic, and looks badass. After being hit several times, the suit HUD even reacts, malfunctioning. This gives you a sound muffling effect as well, as if all electronics just shut down. And it pays off, resulting in a really immersive experience. The best part though? There's a key that lets you raise and lower the helmet visor - meaning if you wanna play without a HUD, you can.• AICombat AI is rather reactive; it could do with being better, but as it stands, it is still rather formidable and entertaining to play against. Even alone, they can be challenging. Countless times I've gotten to the end of a section, with only two combat training droids to go, only to be flanked by them at the last second. Not fun, but a testament to how much you have to pay attention in this game to noise, as well as visuals.CONS:• Not much contentAt the time of writing this review (03/10/2016), the only real missions are; a handful of ""Search and Destroy"" style levels where you have to shoot and destroy all combat training droids in a map, A few missions where you have to trigger switches while avoiding combat droids, and two story missions - one being where you have to break into a secure compound and extract information, the other where you have to extract information from a science lab station. While both are cool, the game does get stale after a while, however multiplayer PvP is definitely fun (although I suck at that).• Slow development timeFrom what I've heard, the game only has one full time developer due to financial issues. While that is rather.. Well, disappointing, it does testify as to how good this guy is. It's gonna take a lot of time for new content to be worked on (and at this rate, the game to be finished), but over the past couple of years there has been a few new additions - a couple of maps (rather large ones), and two new weapons. This definitely isn't a game to play if you want it right away, right now.• PlayerbaseThere tends to not be as many players nowadays, most likely due to the slow development time. This game isn't going to be finished any time soon. This does mean that there is only one or two full matches on at a time, if you are lucky, and they tend to be PvP. If you want to play on Co-op, then let your friends know; you are highly unlikely to find anyone online.• Server HostingWhile most servers tend to be really, really good, there are a few issues. The way server hosting works is, instead of having the ability to host your own server, you join an empty server and claim it as your own. This means you can change settings (such as password and player limit) and then you basically are happy as Larry. While that system works, it (used to be) very, very frustrating if you just wanted to play co-op with friends, and ended up with three other random people joining. And then your friends end up hosting their own, and the same goes on and on.SummaryThis game is good as it is, but it isn't exactly a full game. At the current price, I would recommend it. However, if you are after a game that is going to be done soon, or prefer not to be patient and see the development process through, I suggest looking elsewhere. This game has a lot of potential ahead of it, and while a lot of setbacks have overcome the developers, I am sure that given time they will make something very playabe, very decent, and very fun.That and the helmet feature is f***in awesome."
,Not Recommended,236370,21308896,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MJxo,Dead
,Recommended,236370,20279998,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Frothy Splooge,Still early accessbut the devs know what's up. Updates constant and incredible. This game has come along immensely since the original launch on steam. Congrats.
76561198087634668,Recommended,236370,17223189,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Marasume,This game has possibly the best atmosphere I have ever seen in a game. The attention to detail is dauntingly amazing. If you care about the little things in a shooter this is the one for you.
76561198134293129,Recommended,236370,18272139,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,NekkoEcho,"This game is hyper realistic, one shot to the head and your done. It's very tactical and honestly I wish more people played this game, the pvp is fantastic."
76561197977620112,Not Recommended,236370,34868856,Posted: 10 September,all,M4nn3,No updates in over half year. I guess this won't reach final release ever.
76561198041863573,Recommended,236370,20389869,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Pteroborne,"Tell you what, if you want a taste of that sci fi co-op experience you've always dreamed about, this is it.Interstellar Marines really capitalizes on immersion, making you feel like you're a legit space marine training to be the doggone best unit this side of the Milky Way. I've spent hours running through Neurogen incedent with my bros and friends, every second worth it.Now, with all that said, it's a taste, still far from a full meal, so if you wanna get excited hit that buy button, heck hit the 4 pack button (that's what makes it most enjoyable), yeah it'll taste great but you're gonna be starving for more for a long time and nothing else will satisfy that hunger."
,Recommended,236370,22501239,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,The Ape of God,"This game's pretty good. Nice spooky atmosphere and solid gun feel. Y'all who are mad about it still being in Early Access should probably rethink buying games that say they'll be in Early Access for ""a long friggin time."""
,Not Recommended,236370,17904185,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,F051,"Bought months ago the ""Spearhead Edition"" what a WASTE of money, this game looked nice but I don't understand WHY THIS TAKE SO LONG TO MAKE THE GAME ONLY HAVE MORE GUNS? I'm really angry. I don't wanna know anything about this failed game anymore."
,Recommended,236370,19599219,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,mihbud21,"Игра классная, разрабы постарались на славу. Молодцы. Так держать. Надеюсь вы добавите еще что нибудь)"
,Recommended,236370,22732736,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cowkimon,"Not sure why people are so critical of the game. I love, love, love the immersive graphics. The single-player is a little scary to play, in a good way; alone in training and missions with AI robots who take their first chance to beep and sprint at you.Where they are with multiplayer is great right now. Currently there are the standard single map team deathmatch, KOTH etc. servers that are really fun to play because of the immersive environment. When it rains you want to take the helmet off, gaining better sight but losing the HUD. It can also get really, really dark (zero visibility) so do you pop your flashlight on to see objects and walk around but then people will spot you or do you hide in the dark and wait for others to run around, hoping you can catch their sillouettes in the lightning flashes? Sound is really important as well, as it becomes the dominant sense to pick out people nearby in zero visibility. Really entertaining way of playing, making no two shootouts the same.Also tried out the new scavenge mode today. Super-duper huge maps, really well designed, same as rest of game, where you start with a basic gun and a few bullets and you have to build up your armoury and points over time against the robot sentries and other players who are scattered around. The team play is great here, or you can lone-wolf and kick some shiny metal butt.Agreed they initially advertised something different with the hype years back but they have come a long way and have a AAA quality game that now has a multiplayer aspect that keeps you coming back for more fun of a type I cannot find from any other game right now."
76561198026256775,Recommended,236370,22733351,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ShrumeDoktor,"I tried this game when it was on its free week well over a year ago.  I played for about 90 minutes before deciding it was absolutely worth buying (on sale at the time for $6.49).   Having played it quite a bit more, it's easily worth the $10 they're asking.Pros:Unparalleled map dynamics (lighting, rain, fog, sounds)Fast-paced, high intensity combatRealistic-feeling recoil dynamics and gunplayHigh level of difficultyLooks greatFriendly community of regularsWargames and deadlock PvP gamemodesTough, tactical Co-op vs bots missionsCool looking new player and weapon skinsCons:Not enough weaponsNo 'nadesHitscan bulletsNo real story modeSlow development (give them money!)All-in-all, I think that with a few new guns, some grenades, and an economy system, this game could be like an improved CS:GO.  Way cooler maps; much more interesting, dynamic environments; better, more realistic gunplay (though I wish projectiles had ballistics).  An awesome platform for competitive team tactical play. It wouldn't even really need a story.  It's just great FPS."
,Not Recommended,236370,21602615,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dagi,"When I saw it the first time it looked great and was full of promises and potential, but thats like over 3 years ago..."
76561197991851751,Not Recommended,236370,11323794,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Emdot,"Its been taking too damn long. I mean c'mon, i bought this crap a longtime ago and  i still can't get my money's worth yet. This is my first and last early access game. Zero point software is failing miserably. For now i don't reccommend this game, but maybe the final product will be good."
76561198072368679,Not Recommended,236370,10343116,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Phazer,Game is far from finished (Alpha) but seems to be dead already. Just went online to find only one person playing. I doubt this game will be ever leave Alpha stage.
,Not Recommended,236370,20232115,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hellen,"It's been a little over ten years since this game has been conceived and I've played this since it was a free, fancy mini-game  calledBullseyethat you can still find on the official site (account required). Still is not anywhere near finished and has no worthwhile content, you might as well play the web based mini-game and have the same experience, except you can't move. Developers add some content for a very lackluster multiplayer and coop is only fun for one play through.I haven't played much PvP multiplayer, it isn't why I play Interstellar Marines, but it has nothing worth noting.The coop is very straight forward--begin, do objectives, don't die, leave. It's pretty linear and doesn't give any incentive for a replay.There are also maps that you can walk around that shows off its technical capabilities and assets that cannot be found or interacted with ingame (Landsharks, mechs, etc.). There's great potential to be found, but it's ultimately wasted at this rate of development.Overall, I'm disappointed at the current state of this game and I'm not optimistic on 2016 for Interstellar Marines. If Zero Point Software were to turn around and add much more later on, that would be great, but I won't be waiting around for it any longer.I cannot recommend a purchase for this product."
76561198082640923,Recommended,236370,22183466,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Paul196UK,Good solid FPS.  Gameplay and controls are smooth. Graphics and physics are excellent. Seems very polished for early access. Could say its complete. MUlti player is very quiet but when you do find a few playing its great fun. Single player is cool. Bots are very intelligent and hard to kill. LUckily you respawn LOL.  I give this 10/10
,Not Recommended,236370,18403974,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tire Marks,"While the concept of this game is great I really can't bring myself to exactly reccomend it to anyone. The game has been in early access for two years now and from what I can see, still has much work to be done. I know this has a small development team, and I know it's still early access, but this game has been in early access for TWO WHOLE YEARS and still only has three weapons, one of which has a placeholder model.The game's attempt to make spooky survival horror missions is pretty bad too. Could they have the enemy's model be ANYTHING OTHER THAN A TEST DUMMY? Have them be aliens or something, seriously, it's just cringy.All of the gamemode are named ""simulations"" or ""practice."" This is ok because the marines are training and stuff, but why is there nothing that you're actually training for? Like real enemies and stuff?This game's developers have no excuse for a game to be in early access for two years straight, this game is nowhere near finished."
,Recommended,236370,17224953,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,neorist,So hard XD but its good game if you play online while voice chat too!
,Not Recommended,236370,17389502,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LeqendMG,Interstellar marines reviewPROS+Fps+Nice atmosphereCons- Quite boring- sometimes hard to find objective5/10
,Not Recommended,236370,11052298,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LolipopBomber,"Very hard to play on Linux, gameplay is very limited, even if it has a good potential IMO. At this stage it should be free."
76561197963327201,Not Recommended,236370,24138081,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jhyrok,Released before refund policy...Would refund.... Development is non existant.
,Not Recommended,236370,18006906,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,VanityTT,My Refund Better Run Quick.
76561198025097858,Not Recommended,236370,34686575,Posted: 2 September,all,hoboflea,V A P O R W A R E
,Recommended,236370,19182816,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Apex_xepA,It is so far pretty cool but it could definitely be better! Could you make it so in singleplayer you could play with friendly marine Ai and or against enemy marine Ai
76561198048572532,Recommended,236370,19276410,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Farty Weasel,"Great realistic game with multiplayer, co-op, and single player. It is indie, so bear with me. Three weapons, an SMG, high recoil high damaging AR type rifle, and a pistol thing. It has around 8 maps, although I don't remember exactly. It has great shooter mechanics, sound effects, and some things that other indie shooters don't have, like the ability to take off your helmet and therefore turn off your HUD, and also the more you sprint or move in general the harder you breathe and the more your sight picture sways around. The only problem is the multiplayer, and it is just because not many play. Sometimes there will only be four people overall playing multiplayer (This does not include co-op). I highly reccomend, although I think it may be a tad overpriced."
76561198127315539,Not Recommended,236370,30132148,Posted: 23 February,all,dosahero | TTG,HA♥♥♥♥♥♥NPC WAY TO HARD TO KILLNO ONE IS PLAYING ON ITTEAM KILL IS ON OWMAPE LOOK REALLY SAMEDCRZY BORINGFEW WEPONSEARLY ASSESS MY ASSS I NEEDED TO PAY TO PLAY AND THR NO UPDATA ON THIS GAMETHE GAME WAS OUT WAY TOO LONG AND IT STILL ON BETA NOTHING CHANGED AND THE BUGE IS NOT FIXPLAYED IT FOR 1H AND I REGRATE PAYING FOR THIS GAME
76561198076396065,Not Recommended,236370,23917004,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tonesims,"Got this game last year for $5. Didn't like it then, but gave it another shot this week...no real changes since I bought it.  Seriously, if the developers don't care or communicate with the community (especially in early access) then why would I want to play it?Edit: I realized my steam time says 0.0 hours, but all of my time with this game was offline when I was on a trip and had no internet."
76561198020010068,Recommended,236370,20282849,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,T-Painal,The only thing I can say right now is I can never find a pvp match anymore. Its like a barren wasteland.But the gameplay is really good.
76561198088482375,Recommended,236370,21822638,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mustardseedliving,this is a great game with a good dev team who are working very hard to make the game better with every update
,Not Recommended,236370,9114505,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,rhoms,Interstellar Wait for Release.
,Recommended,236370,20365819,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Shirks Domenta,♥♥♥♥♥ good graphis epic gameplay is difficult just the way i like it ^^
,Recommended,236370,2381441,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Ripper,"Great game! Missing some features but I know the devs are hard at work on adding them. Definitely check it out if you like some FPS with  a tactical edge. TDM only right now, but more modes coming later."
,Recommended,236370,14026207,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PyRhUz,Insergency but in space10 Scary♥♥♥♥♥robots/10
,Recommended,236370,15495031,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Shamen,"really interesting project,i hope it`s gonna be something more than an early acces game :)"
,Not Recommended,236370,19138071,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,king salmon,abandoned/10
,Not Recommended,236370,22506741,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gonaho,"If i had to describe Interstellar Marines in short, i would say that it's a ""stellar"" example of wasted potential. Perhaps even outright vaporware. The game certainly has the roots and makings to be a good game, but if and when it is ever going to reach that point is anybody's guess. I bought in early on, periodically checking if maybe the game had finally come to something resembling a playable product, but now as three years of EA are closing up (with several before that outside of Steam) and no tangible developments made i'm starting to give up.As one looks at the description, videos and screenshots, you might think that ""this looks awesome, fighting aliens in dark corridors? oh hells yeah, this is the Aliens game i've wanted."" Except, there are no aliens. The gunplay is good, the design is in the right direction.. but there is nothing to do. There are a few of short missions where you fight incredibly boring robot AI opponents, and then a handful of PvP maps. That's it. If you're hungry for a co-op experience, it isn't here. The PvP is not bad, but nothing truly special or something you haven't seen before. Certainly not worth the price alone. There are plenty of actually finished games with the deadly low-hit-threshold gameplay angle.In sum, even with the affordable price there is no value in any direction. And we're now well past the point where one could buy in with the early access ""this has future potential"" -creed. The future came and went, the speed of development is simply not there. And it is truly a damned shame, because personally i'm always willing to give small teams with a vision a fair shot, but at some point you just have to accept that nothing is ever going to come of it."
76561198001345675,Not Recommended,236370,21399163,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BanditX,"I read developer ran out of money, and/or this game was never properly funded. I rolled the dice and I lost. I won't be buying unfinished games again thanks to this game. Price has dropped since I purchased it, I was led the believe the price would go up and I would get all the DLC. Again, don't waste your money. This won't be going anywhere."
,Not Recommended,236370,20118183,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Able,"This game has been in production a long time. it had good potential.I have this game almost since the start, it look good. But now i am losing fate, i have played the game for 2.6 hours. that is not alot but it is enough time to see the progress. i logged in once in a while to see what has changed wich was almost none. we know game development takes a long time, and i think this game wil take even a longer time.My geus is that this game wil be finished in about 10 years from now. therefore i cannot recommend it.It is sad really, good potential, just to slow in progressing. either the devs step up and hire extra help or lose the project. Because at this rate the game will be old when it is released."
76561198111357295,Recommended,236370,18717168,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gater,"Dont take the reviews about how long the development takes too serious, its only a small team wich are making nice content. Its a good first person expirience, anyone who likes scifi should give it a try."
,Not Recommended,236370,19191821,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,naajzzz,Bought it in 2012 for gigglesIt's 2015 and still no progress
,Not Recommended,236370,23861796,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,cart,this game just never got off the ground.been in early access for 2 years (or longer?)online gameplay generally ahs 4-5 ppl playing regardless of server/game mode anythingit's a failed game and they are unlikely going to finish.after 2 years of 0 dev progress. time to uninstall.
,Recommended,236370,17100162,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,PunisherLex,Overall I'm at least 70% certain that development on this is either dead or at a standstill....However it's still enjoyable as a tactical shooter.
76561198043552025,Not Recommended,236370,15453164,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,John Dakor of New Eden,"As far as this game is concerned its amazing,no real issues there with one single exeption, NO CONTENT UPDATES.it's like they just stopped working on it. I just don't understand, there is NO excuse for the lack of updates. hey if you're reading this zero point software do us all a favor and SAY SOMETHING! I am trying despreatly to hope for this game but each day of silence makes it harder. heck if you want to say some thing like ""well this an early access game so it makes it harder to keep up, I would like to point at Space engineers. the last update here.feb 9 there apr 17 BIG difference, and I just want to make this VERY CLEAR this game has SOOOOOO much potential. the problem is that the team behind it seems poorly motivated to realize THEIR DREAM! I just want a bit more variety   more than robots with guns...if I gave this game a number rating it would be very unfair to the game itself. because the game itself is great. but the team behind it needs to get back into the swing of things. or atleast tell us WHY their on  strike... I guess a good fair score is something like a 5-6/10 why so high? the game is VERY fun it just needs more veriety. and gets old fast. I am not going to say I recomend it. but I must say its a good concept."
76561197996868729,Not Recommended,236370,18362589,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dynomyte,"THIS god dam game. 2 years in the making and i've remembered one patch, when they added some crap about a rifle and something to do with your mask. it's just boring, and the devs suck."
,Not Recommended,236370,20061085,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MahtXL,Hope they give us our money back when they abandon this. Probly not. oh well. Another early access game bites the dust. Serves me right.
,Recommended,236370,27518703,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🌚Spookyghini📲,"I put a super shotgun down my throat and pulled the trigger before the tutorial even started, i then proceded to murder my entire family. 420/911"
,Not Recommended,236370,25428478,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dr-Spacetime,Unfinished Garbage
76561197998609864,Not Recommended,236370,21438307,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,AngelFire,"This games just lame, AI can see you through walls, can shoot you dead on from ungodly distances, and the fact that theres only like 7-9 players on should be a good indicator of why you should not bye this game."
,Recommended,236370,32460550,Posted: 15 June,all,jv_bh,"Great game! Would recommend, and I am actively posting videos on it on my youtube channel. Here's a video I posted about Wargames, and there's other videos about IM as well:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5CD_Bd0JxUI am loving it, but here is my honest opinions of the game below.Pros:Very addicting Wargames multiplayer modeSmooth gameplayGood looking graphicsActually feels tactical and realistic (Saw shadows of an enemy sneaking up on me in wargames and he took one to the dome for his trouble)Can play various multiplayer modes that are all very funCan play the game campaigns coopBeautiful aesthetics and atmosphereGood sound design, map design, and model designBadass ability to lift up your helmet faceplateInteresting story/concept & gameplayWeather changes randomly (Can be sunny, then rainy, pitch black dark night, stormy, etc.)Laser, flashlight, and suppressor/silencer for each individual weapon (when changing weapons, and the next weapon you choose doesn't have a flashlight or laser or suppressor applied to the weapon, you will have to manually apply it. Having these on will not  affect other weapons. Also, supressor cannot be applied to pistol)Weapon firing modes (Change from auto, burst, and semi-auto for all weapons excluding the pistol, which is permanantly semi-auto)Lastly, I want to personally thank the devs at ZPS for the atmospheric robot sounds (Especially the freaky clomping footsteps they make! Scary as hell at night by yourself or when your not expecting it!)Cons:Small community3 weapons, the SMG, Assault Rifle, and pistol (Pistol has an uncompleted model that looks like a stripped down SMG)Lack of enemy types other than robots with an SMG or AR, occasionally having the flashlight and/or laser on (I don't remember if the robots use suppressors or not)Currently the single player campaigns are not being updated and there are no new campaigns to playMost player activity is on Wargames multiplayer mode (although it is fun & keeps you on your toes!)Game is still very buggy in some ways (One thing I've encountered many times was the fact that you could easily fall through elevators at the start of wargames in the starting chamber and also in the game maps)Lastly, and unfortunately, the devs haven't been able to get an publisher for the game, and the game seems to be dying even after all this time being in development. My condolences to ZPS. I sincerely hope this game pulls through, it seems like a very good game in most ways, and I hope to see it be finished.Final honest rating for the game: 8/10 (Still has some work to be done, but I understand it being slow since it is just ONE guy working on it right now)"
,Recommended,236370,20339635,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bonzi Buddy,"This game handles like a tight russian woman, your character runs like a tall baby, and you kill Robo Rent a Cop's"
76561198154204888,Recommended,236370,20499560,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Terrabites,GREAT! I LOVED THE FREE PART!!!!!
,Recommended,236370,20502583,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,$IT HER DOWN,devs what u doin i had hopes for this
,Recommended,236370,20464065,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,harry escapeness,this game needs to be finished but in the mean time befor its done its looking like a really good game and concpts deffinetlly worth a shot if you have a couple bucks  or if you really want to donate to the game desiners pay full price..
,Recommended,236370,22706331,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WonderMolone,This is a amazing game its only in Alpha the developers are amazing they listen to the community and work to fix problems and add content worth a buy in a current state and worth the wait to the full release!
76561198009761843,Recommended,236370,22635778,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Commander ♠ Jasina,"Interstellar Marines really has a huge amount of potential in it. I know some people get susires the moment they say words ""Early Access"". I can agree on that. IM has been in EA for over 3 years now. I know what some of you may think (""DayZ Standalone syndrome""). Truth is that Devs just have a real hard financial situation. Let's be honest - if they had the moeny the game would be out by now.IM is an oldschool FPS. What do I mean by that? It's hard. One or two bullets can end you, or your enemy. Try to think of R6: Raven Shield but in Sci-fi setting.We can only hope that devs will get by and actually have a chance of finishing the game."
,Recommended,236370,23440333,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Iseloom,32 minutes of Hell week event daily and 8 hours of paranoia :)
76561198083732004,Recommended,236370,23450637,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Spaghetti Man,I know everyone is saying this is a bad game because it lacks so much but there is so much potential. I really like this game and if anyone wants it to get better then we need to start investing. I enjoy going back to the same levels and playing on a harder difficulty but it has so much potential
76561198059344938,Not Recommended,236370,8632117,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mitsevo[NoR],"The game is good, the multiplayer is fun, but I really regret buying the game, especially spearhead edition seeing as how little progress is actually made on the game. There is only one weapon, and you already have everything for the gun, flashlight, laser, the whole pack. I realize it's in an early stage, but ♥♥♥♥, looking at how long this game has been worked on (I know I heard about it in 2011, for sure) it's suprising how little different it is. Like I mentioned, there is only one gun, and there is also only one character model, and if you check the dates on all the concept art pictures, you would expect at least SOMETHING to have happened with it so far. They've given us a lot to wait for, but it's really taking way too long. I know it's an indie team, and all, but seriously, the textures and models for for example the shark aliens and other guns are done, I don't see why we haven't gotten to see them in the game yet.Considering how slow the game is developing, I have a feeling it's going to be released when it's all forgotten, and no longer fits in - in the generation we will be in.However, if we start seeing updates, I will no doubt change my opinion because like I said, the game is great, it's just that I'm seriously losing hope in it."
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,236370,9179517,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"STOP! DO NOT BUY THIS -this game has been in development for so long and still i wouldnt even say it qualifies as a demo, there is nothing to do! so far from finished and everytime I see it on steam I want to smack my head off my desk! AVOID AT ALL COSTSPros- future potentialCons-Nothing to do unless you enjoying waling around a map with the odd guy to shoot, with no different guns to choose, no single player, really you get a whole lot of nothing for 14.99.I have yet to be compelled to finish one multiplayer match I started...no point. What a waste!save your money and hold off!"
76561198122427331,Not Recommended,236370,11298015,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Eddy Wong,Most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever
,Recommended,236370,17326455,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,✪ REKR,butter
,Not Recommended,236370,10192020,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Richard McRich,"Even with the recent updates, this game doesn't exactly run smoothly, as in it lags horribly online... even with primitive graphics.  I don't recomend getting this game until all the issues are worked out."
,Not Recommended,236370,21700960,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,MAD_FROGZ,Another early acess game that had promise early on but will be perpetually caught in early acess hell. I bought this game when it first when it was released on steam in 2013 and the developers have barely added anything since.
,Not Recommended,236370,11153231,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[AOSN] h3X,"As of now, game doesn't support my native resolution of 1280x768, and I get a black screen when trying to play it. The developer's dedication to quality is interesting, but don't get too eager too early."
76561197970912956,Not Recommended,236370,11211718,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Curaca,"Just an alpha, even if it#s on sale since a year. devs seem to be doing not much. GFX and basics are good, but there is no improvement. dont buy until it's final."
76561198089071950,Not Recommended,236370,11865246,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,SPL00GE,"i really love the idea and everything this game is going to become, but its just not their yet so dont buy it now."
76561198136297202,Recommended,236370,13678713,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TopHat,Change the Bots sound its just weird.
76561198140569984,Not Recommended,236370,11593655,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,golden3lite,"I wish I could say more, but the playerbase is tiny. The experience isn't all that better than any other fps. 6/10 Kind of wish I got my 20$ back"
76561198065443439,Not Recommended,236370,18435873,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,HorchataMatata,Developers are really slow to add major content updates so in retrospect when they make a CAMPAIGN like they promised and MAKE more variety in weapons and enemies this game will be worth its price
,Not Recommended,236370,11754177,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,^Two Marshmallows,"As of right now... There is little to no people in the game. 2/10.There are many glitches in the game. When I change a graphics setting, the game crashes, which didn't happen in an earlier version.Needs more guns and customizability.Make a larger community. It's empty. i really regret buying this in early alpha. I really wish I had my money back."
76561198044805415,Not Recommended,236370,10632479,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GreenH,"Don't buy this.In its current state its only a lackluster multiplayer with a few gimmicks which added up together aren't really substantial enough to recommend it. Add to that that there are still no sharks, mechs, aliens, more then 2 guns, any coop mode, it has a long way to go to before it can make any dent into its promises list. Also for the last year all of the effort seems to have gone into the multiplayer, which is just guys running around shooting each other with 2 different machine guns. I know it is early access but there seems to be little progress made within the year it came out on steam.sleep tight sweet landshark prince."
,Recommended,236370,30778144,Posted: 27 March,all,HashtagDown,"I gotta say for an early access game this is really great!I played a bit and its already awesome for me.The challenges with the Robots on normal is pretty good because of their sometimes not too smart AI, short the challenges with bots are hard but not to hard and also a lot of fun.Something i dont really like is that its sometimes too easy to hear the robots comming towards you but thats ok."
,Recommended,236370,17334971,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Interstellar Marines, is a old school, advanced, tactical FPS, co-op and multiplayer arena game where you fight team agens team, or AI's, to complete heavy task under fire.The game is active, and getting great updates. The game it self is stunning looking, and gives a interesting future marine atmosphere in the maps. Every map is designed with thought and offers different gamemodes to fight Ai's or IRL players. There is plenty of spots to cover your self, and before we move on, it's important to say, that it's not a typical fps game. You have to think and move carefully or else it's game over.The singleplayer part throws you into a torturial right away, so you can learn the basics. Each mission will be mapped, and you have to survive and do the task.The sad thing about this game is, that the servers are often empty. Overall interface and design, the game is beautiful. I would wish there were more players to play this. So for the end, if you are looking for a future, advanced, marine, robot mix of FPS game, the game is for you.Here is a demo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi-rT-UFnQU&index=1&list=PLxDx_O1l8oBtrObxRwB0ZGa2IgCr04omP"
,Recommended,236370,8465695,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Doob,"Played five minutes of it in the hanger. Eh felt average, then I noticed controls in the top left. My life was complete."
76561197973291812,Recommended,236370,7946848,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,tiepae.ygt,Let's hope these words help. Have you ever gotten tierd of shootm up game's were no one clearly try' to play tactical they just split up and go their seperate way's? This isnt that game it rely's on the very exsistance of it. This will be one of the best coopertive FPS games i have ever played. THE BUY BUTTON IS YOUR CHOICE THESE WORDS ARE MINE TO SHARE
76561198096197292,Not Recommended,236370,18252606,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,BoNo,If this game gets updated il change my rewiewit has been in early accsess for  2 years now.PLZ UPDATE IT LAZY ♥♥♥♥S
,Recommended,236370,12532392,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Frog Who Ate Ponion,"Even tho this game is not finished, it's the best shooter I've ever played. And I played lot's of shooters in every platform. I sadly could't try the new coop yet, but you can see other recommendations too. Great atmosphere, the changing environment, day/night cicle, emergency lights, etc it's an awesome game.When it's finished it will truly be the best shooter ever."
76561197998514411,Not Recommended,236370,14805746,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Starcucks,"I bought this game when it first came to the steam greenlight program. It was the first and only game I ever felt like backing on Greenlight. I watched the video, and was instantly enthralled with what the Dev team wanted Interstellar Marines to become. So I took out my wallet. Got my card, and proceeded to give them 15 dollars.....or was it 30....w/e. I rushed to my computer whenever a new update was announced on twitter. Testing out each new function. (dat crouch) Playing the multiplayer and talking about the game with the community was a great experience. Then my computer took a dump and I was computerless for about 7 months. When I bought a new computer Intersteller Marines was the first game I re-downloaded from my library. I couldn't wait to see the new changes, as they are on udate 17 (my computer died around update 6).I was not very impressed. I was expecting the game to be more complete. Instead it feels hollow, even after 11 more updates.I Don't know how much the greenlight program has earned them and I know they are doing all they can to make the game they not only want to make, but prommised. I just feel like whatever money they are puting toward Interstellar Marines is bound to dry up soon. They are a small team with families and bills. A lot of games end up not being finished, and I feel like this game even after all the work and struggle the dev team has commited to this IP will end up being one of them. If you want to take a chance on this studio then by all means go for it. However given that there is no obligation to actually finish a game once it's on greenlight, I would highly advise caution. For that I cannot recommend Interstellar Marines. </3"
76561198029955428,Not Recommended,236370,16573267,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mr.Bean,"Do not buy this game!I got this game ages ago, and they do nothing but up the graphics maybe? IDK? The combat in this game is pure trash.They game just simply lacks the combat intensity that it looks like it should have. It's hard to describe why it is not fun after 5 ours of playing it."
76561197989632114,Not Recommended,236370,17610089,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,lee,"7fps @ 640x480 with the lowest graphics settings...  Do I really need to say how horrible this is?  Zero Point Software, did you give up on this game?  Why does Steam show this as 7/10?  There is no way."
,Recommended,236370,18255166,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,kraybot,Very awesome first person shooter if you can find a sever with people in it...
76561198039861249,Recommended,236370,22543454,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Arkenbrien,"Despite it's small team and admittingly tiny number of players online at any given moment, Interstellar Marines is still the most unique FPS on the market today. Taken as it is, it an excellent blending of the horror and tactical FPS genres. My hope is that eventual the ideals behind the original conception of this game would eventually be released as a full fledged masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,236370,16290366,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bonehead,"Well, that was unfortunate...Bought the game, played one mission, the other 3 people I could find online were just running around by themselves and dying, at which point they would leave the server and rejoin to get a free respawn. I was only able to play the one round on one map because the game was absolutely dead."
,Recommended,236370,17103319,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Devilncarnate,The game is fun. With freinds its like insurgency but in the future! But there is only one kind of enemy. 3 guns and NO ALIENS. I would fully recomend this if there were aliens. If u have a spare 20 bucks buy it
,Not Recommended,236370,17670216,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Biggest_BOiiiiiiiiii,This game is boring.
76561198008226948,Not Recommended,236370,22929186,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tronstar2005,i feel that this game should be pulled from the steam store and refunded to all that bought it.right now sofar nothing not even a word from the dev's.  some one said if you like that game it is best to wait untill that game is finished being made that person is right .
76561198044758145,Not Recommended,236370,22918858,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Don Cheeto,"Dont Come Near This Game, Its Garbage."
76561198086505175,Not Recommended,236370,23122095,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overal rating for Interstellar Marines: 50/100Disclaimer: This review contains only singleplayer experience. Multiplayer will be updated after reasonable amount of time.This game looked very promising, but after a desperate amount of time, it still looks promising. But that is all. Few new implementations, boring gameplay and super-sniping enemy robots are what destroys this action sci-fi shooter focused mainly on co-op. Lets see in a detail, what went so wrong and where Interstellar Marines (IM) scored. I understand, that the game should be focused mainly on co-op, but in case of singleplayer available, it should be balanced and attractive, which is currently not.GAMEPLAY+ Interesting HUD+ Atmosphereo Weapons do pretty much the same- OP enemies?- no save system, ridiculous checkpoint systemTutorial was a piece of cake. It prepared me for something not existing. Actual missions are a horrific experience and gameplay is very frustrating. There is some quest indicator, but basically you end up wandering through halls, fighting randomly spawning enemies, and sooner or later getting killed. After that the game becomes repetetive and boring.Furthermore, combat robots are OP even on easiest difficulty. That with no save system causes, that you may end up with restarted mission even after a very promising progress. There are some checkpoints here, but they are set up so ridiculously, as they would not even exist. Save system absents completely, though wwas promised by the developers.VISUALS- Clunky graphics- Unreasonably high requirementsDefinitely one of the longest staying games in the Early Access here on Steam. Still it does not excuses graphics, that resembles games from early 2000's. Also with this type of graphic my computer runs this game  at low details (Intel i5 2,7 GHz, 16 GB nVidia graphics, 2 GB video card). That adds even more difficulty and frustration to the gameplay.SOUNDTRACK+ Nicely composedOne of the best parts of the game, sweet bonus for buying the Spearhead edition. But that does not save the rest, what is broken, even that the developers are not able to get the game for full release and implement all the features.SUMMARYDevelopers are working on this game. Updates are doing some repairs, but mostly it looks like  that ""something happens around the game"". This sci-fi action shooter remains then as another version of Counter-Strike, Team Fortress and similar games. What is a huge waste of potential.So far the game is not recommended. Wait for full release and implementation of designed features. At this point I am really considering a refund, though Steam does not allow this for games like that.I will change this review as soon as the situation gets better."
76561198063247442,Recommended,236370,17767873,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jordanecus,"This game certainly has potential. It seriosly could be a creepy game if they got rid of the stupid robots and made aliens or zombies (i know, real original) but honestly i think this game would do better playing off an over done gimmick like alien zombies than builing up all the suspense and then it just out of control robots. I like the game play a lot actually, very straight forward shooter, nice handling on the guns. Now just add some blood smeared on the walls, floor, ceiling and you would have yourself a bad♥♥♥♥♥FPS ""horror"" shooter for single player/ co-op!"
,Not Recommended,236370,14493105,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,a20,Confusing as hell in multiplayer.
,Recommended,236370,22311639,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,DIVIDE-FROZONE,Good Graphics :D
76561197992772401,Recommended,236370,19570877,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,vindicatethis,"Has great potential.I hope it'll be released someday, somehow."
76561197972252663,Recommended,236370,19635718,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,[G]Manlove,"One of the most rewarding and immersive shooters out there. This count only for realistic difficulty, you shouldnt play anything else. Playing solo and completing maps is really rewarding. Also its like a horror game when you are sneaking around in the dark and hear the screaming and charging robot enemies searching for you. It's also quite refreshing in this day and age to find a fps game where you take things slowly, charging ahead guns blazing will only get you killed.Yeah the game has been in early access for a long time but that doesnt mean its dead. Content is coming although somewhat slowly, but hey thats normal in game developing. It also has a fair share of bugs, but thats normal in early access. Some achievements dont work properly and things like that. But still like it a lot and recommend it for other people. If you happen to buy it, savour it slowly and dont bash it the second some irritating bug happens. Then if its too much for you, check back on the game after couple months, the main thing at the moment is bug fixing.There are couple of diffirent game modes and different maps to play around. More content is coming in the future. What I'd really like would be that the ranks(levels) you get in the game would give something significant, might change in the future, havent really checked on that. Hopefully I'll see more happy people playing around in co-op or pvp modes.So.. so far 7.5/10, with all the bugs and problems, will update in the future, but still a solid fun game."
,Recommended,236370,19313395,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,T H E  P E R P E T U A L  N U T,An immersive slick tactical shooter that will make you (and your friends) royally♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks. It's also rather pretty for a Unity game.
76561198043028011,Recommended,236370,26765869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561197960656556,Not Recommended,236370,29821276,Posted: 10 February,all,CaptainCrunch,"They said, it will have elements of Half-life, thats how they got me. Now this game is dead, it didn't really develope in the past years. Yes they added some stuff, but its basically like it was 2 years ago. It's a shame, because it had potential."
76561198006704542,Not Recommended,236370,31803913,Posted: 17 May,all,Murdoc the Great,"Game is stuck in development hell, do not buy until release"
,Recommended,236370,33897145,Posted: 29 July,all,⸂SMOKE「⌬」SC☈EEN⸃,"The game is dead as of now but provides some fun in single and more in multiplayer, its a go to when you have nothing to play."
,Recommended,236370,16406375,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SylverWulf,Amazing game! there is so much potential here and I can't wait to see the finished project
76561197999243021,Recommended,236370,21273865,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Archangel,"Great co-op survival shooter in my opinion.Not sure why so many bad reviews, the game is complete enough to have fun with friends.I think there are better games for the deathmatch mode, but the bots here are the most scary and smart thing I ever fought in a FPS."
,Recommended,236370,22073488,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,✪ Plankton,"Honestly. It's a very great game. There are still some cons, yet alot of pros. It's a whole new face of First person shooter games. This game is constantly growing a nd becoming better every update. I recommend this to anyone who loves sci-fi and FPS Games."
76561198069211535,Recommended,236370,22687199,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,﴾Kn☻x﴿,Great
76561197982217801,Recommended,236370,16484388,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wicked12B,Good game!  it`s Fun looks and sounds great and its alaph ;P
,Recommended,236370,16486402,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,◇Lamb,Great game! Most advanced AI I have seen in a while. A bit buggy for Linux users (it freezes and you have to reboot).
,Recommended,236370,23246192,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,El Tigre,"This is a very good game, but for me it keeps crashing at the same spot, but it's probably just my computer."
,Not Recommended,236370,25352327,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Newikovfefe,Dead game. I got it shortly after it has been released for early access. The development has been extremely poor. This game feels like another DayZ.Will update my review if this game ever gets released/content.
,Not Recommended,236370,18214148,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mikehobbit,nope dont recommend it.
,Not Recommended,236370,9657071,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Sage Leon,"I am truly sad to write a review like this about a game that has or had so much potential. I bought three spearhead edition upgrades for me and my friends, about year ago I can't exactly remember and one founders club for myself. When I first played the game I found a polished alpha stage game, that offered exciting halo-like FPS. I was looking forward to the add on that will come.However, they never have specifically the co-op, the guns, the simulation, the RPG, the meat of the game. After a few days I simply stopped playing. I can say that it is because of this game I am hesitant to buy an early access game. It is not so much the early access it's the failure to deliver while they make the money on the product. I am in the IT industry a computer engineer  I know time crunches. Unexpected bugs, results of code going wrong delays to development teams or issues with agile and the scrum Master. I get it, yet that's not an excuse, further more you are almost lying to the public about the things you wish to bring. When frankly after almost a year of owning it and periodic checking I have never seen the updates that I would expect to see this far in the product life cycle. It's almost fraudulent, I am not saying they are I am saying its close,  that's at the very worse but it does feel like false advertising.What this game does have going for it is intense multiplayer and I'm sure its improved however the co-op it promises is simply not there. This is an incomplete game and should be its in alpha stage however it will forever remain there. I hope i am wrong but i doubt it. Just as a company be honest about it and don't  mislead people. Let's face it you do not have a time frame for beta and final stage release or not one you would be willing to admit to.Ultimately, what I feel like is I was mislead this  game has amazing potential and I eagerly await their arrival however i doubt they ever will. Furthermore, to steam I hope that you adjust your early access to force providers to give timelines definitive goals to ending of alpha stage and ending of beta or provide a warning system. Some sort of requirement they are holding approximately 80 plus dollars me and my friends will not play or at this point ever have an intention of playing. Simply wrong.Thank you and yes I only have four hrs in the game i was not getting it for strictly multiplayer fps halo style fighting I was getting it for the co-op action RPG and simulation it simply lacks and has no  foreseeable possibility of getting. Shame truly what could have been an amazing game."
76561198006740093,Not Recommended,236370,18207506,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Goodkat,This game has been in my library for years and is still so under developed it is not playable.
76561198025637921,Not Recommended,236370,21345538,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Starchild,"I loved all about this game, from its inception in 2013, it was my first early access game, I was so excited back then...I still am, but for the same reason... I want the game to be finished.And it will not, I feel scammed and I want my money back."
76561198055531472,Not Recommended,236370,20518922,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SugaRogue,"I acctually loved this game when I first got it. It acctually worked perfectlly besides for one mission had a bug that made it uncompleteable, that was overlookable though because of how fun it was to play with friends and it's in early access... however I recently came back not only was it released in 2013, it's 2016 now and still isn't done, that's not the biggest issue mind you. I tried to go play with my friends like before and we're ""banned"" by an admin?Edit: So it turns out that they did a ban sweep of people that killed other players... So they banned my friends for killing me and me for killing them. Not only was this not a rule when we were killing eachother back then, but noone had an issue with it. If it's just me and my friends and we feel like killing eachother every once in a while or so, if we don't have a problem with it they shouldn't. I'm not going to be scared of killing one of my friends or if my friend accidentally kills me. We'd rather laugh it off or something, friends kill eachother sometimes, reduce points to the killer or something if you want conciquences for it, don't just ban us all, like seriously? Why don't you use that appeal email as a reporting email so we can tell you when we have problems instead of you telling us we have problems when we're just having fun playing your game, jeez."
,Recommended,236370,20407403,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,hermeneze,This game is amazing and underrated.
76561198115053006,Not Recommended,236370,14427023,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ŠznaBoi,"I bought the 4 pack, one of biggest mistakes"
76561198013014730,Not Recommended,236370,9675632,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Rentasmile,"OMG just a waste of money, its slow, you cant do anything, cant run/crouch, you have one weapon... and thats why it gets borring... so dont... really... no!! dont buy it..."
76561197980298034,Recommended,236370,19739440,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Trubinator,"Take the old school shooting mechanics of Rainbow Six and stick them in the movie ALIENS. That's basically what this game is. The core gameplay in Interstellar Marines is very solid, and the future for the game in terms of what the developers have planned looks solid. However, it's worth noting that in its current state, the game is somewhat barebones. And even by Early Access standards, the devs have been slow to update content. Should you buy this game? Qualified yes. But buy on discount."
,Recommended,236370,11386166,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Stünkindonuts,"Even before it is complete, I can tell Interstellar Marines is going to be a game unlike any other. The game feels, and looks, fantastic, and you can see how the developers worked hard and perfected everything in the game so far. Unfortunately, it's multiplayer servers are not highly populated (yet!), but it is still fun to play. It is my opinion that once the multiplayer is more advanced, it will become far more popular. Like I said, with the high attention to detail from the developers, I just know that the multiplayer and campaign will be outstanding when finished. Lastly, I also love the believable sci-fi setting. I don't think I am the only one who likes sci-fi with a more realistic side. Overall, Interstellar Marines is an awesome, fun game like no other, and I think it will turn out to be amazing when it is complete."
,Not Recommended,236370,25210769,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Brandon,I tried to use the refund system but was denied. I guess I'm stuck with it.
,Not Recommended,236370,10380091,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Shas'O Swoll,"Advertised as a great singleplayer / Co-op sci fi FPS RPG this game seems too good to be true. So far, it is, all that exists is a barebones multiplayer and updates only serve to add minor graphical fixes. There is no game here besides this endless deathmatch; campaign is still a long way off. Would stay away until the actual part of the game comes out.---IF YOURE CHARGING MONEY, CRITISISM IS VALID---"
,Recommended,236370,11169753,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jsshinoda,"This game is slowly growing to become beautifully amazing, yes it won't be enticing yet, it's still growing in the right direction. In no time, sooner or later it will become amazing. I would suggest buying the game anyways because it might be cheaper now than later, it would be supporting the developers, and it's interesting to watch this game grow and become something other games can't do. All in all, can't wait for the future of this game."
,Recommended,236370,17201929,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,"This game have the best potential I ever seen before but the game developer are really slow but the game is playable already and this game is already good for the small content I can't wait to see the campaign and all the other stuff to come.But I am a little scared too, because this developer team have take a really good jingle ""For the love of video game"" this is a really nice thing and I hope they're just not have take this name to make money and after that, good bye and we will never finish it because i am waiting this game for a long time now 7 years and I hope they gonna work more on this game, they have potentials but what is gonna happen only the future can tell us.(Don't be shy to correct me my main language is french so I still need to learn.)"
,Recommended,236370,15193472,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sad Boi Sennett,Sometimes you have to listen to the ai in order to understand where to go but overall this is game is 10/10
,Recommended,236370,15196676,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,KRITTUR,"Great game, exciting gameplay. Many ways to play one level. One thing that needs to be added is gamepad joystick control."
76561198011296233,Recommended,236370,15194741,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ManaTheory,"I dig indie games, and I like this idea these guys are trying to put out. The game is still in development. But knowing that going in, makes it all the better. The modes they have a pretty fun by yourself, but a whole lot better with friends. the online mulitplayers is good and the CO OP missions are very imerssive. I'm looking forward to seeing this game finished"
76561198158570305,Recommended,236370,15199339,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheBigLebowski,the dudes sorta abides on this one it is great game great concept been waiting on hellgames the hungergames in this for awhile . After playing some of the online deathmach must say you need Grenades please of some sort maybe grenade luancher really hope u guys make it so the dude fully abides u really sold me with update 17. also some chat option like microphone chat would be nice
,Recommended,236370,17039411,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Netkraco,Good game but more people should play it :)
,Recommended,236370,11407074,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Burpingtaco,i dare say that this game is better than battlefield or cod because of the pure fact that there is no microphone for a squeeker to scream in.
,Recommended,236370,17239369,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,igrodol228,Was able to fight tiger sharks....now they are gone...1/10 would commit suicide
,Not Recommended,236370,16973119,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TR-8R,"Make the optimization, and i will rate it positively. 10fps out of 10"
,Recommended,236370,11971176,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Nicszew,i got this game in its 5 update i thought it sucked but its get alot better and i love alot
,Not Recommended,236370,26401475,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Church,"We all deserve a refund, worthless devs stole our money."
,Not Recommended,236370,26366133,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Palor0,"At this time this game is simply not worth your money, not eve  a penny.  This is quite possibly the worst thing I have put money into besides that one Aliens game."
,Not Recommended,236370,14913915,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,Interesting concept and the imersion ideas but gun play and actual combat it terrible not to mention the game is pretty much vaporware. Would be nice if everything comes together but I highly doubt it will.
,Recommended,236370,15280995,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Syroop,"I love this game. It is really fun and I'm really happy the devs are supporting it. Though there are a few issues. 1) finding a game to play. It has an old school style look for a server instead of matchmaking, it's not bad but it's also not confident since there are no filters for this and you have to scroll all the way through the list of servers to find a game with reasonable ping. Next optimization. It is not very good, I duel booted my Mac to run windows and OS X and on both. Not that great performance. I can run games other games at a smooth 60fps from medium to high settings 1920x1200, whereas this game low settings 900p and barley 60fps and sometimes drops. But don't get me wrong it just needs more content, better optimization, and better matchmaking and it will be amazing. This game has a lot of potential. And I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,236370,22468239,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,yama_raion,"Great Co-Op game. not terribly active, but if you bring your buddies, it's a jolly good time."
,Recommended,236370,19152282,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,[LCpl] Azure Blaze,"If you're thinking about supporting this game and not lobbing your wads of hard earned cash at their heads right now, you're wrong. If you're still reading this and not buying the game you are autistic."
,Recommended,236370,21187809,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Harp,It's Rainbow Six in space. With robots. The game just rocks.
,Recommended,236370,14940327,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pestilence,"This game has a lot of potential to be a great FPS. The missions can get a little tedious after playing them over and over but the game is still fun. Co-op needs some work cause there are still bugs out there, it can get pretty damn laggy, and voice communication sucks as of right now. The graphics are pretty good, the sounds are decent, and the level designs are pretty cool, but nothing we haven't seen before in other FPS games. As of right now, I would give this game a 3.5 out of 5 cause there is still more work that needs to be done. But like I said before, this game has a lot of potential and I look forward to seeing what becomes of it in the future."
76561198046265098,Recommended,236370,17216480,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,The Merciful Reaper,"This game is really fun. The graphics are pretty phenominal. Yes it needs more content added, but when I played it when it was free I had a blast. I'll be on my way tomorrow morning to buy the spearhead edition. Can't wait to see how great it turns out in the future!Here's the run down:FPS kinda like counter strike just more bulky in a good way.Don't through the graphics setting to high if your computer can't handle the power.Very smooth and easy to handle.HUD on helmet pretty easy to understand.More fun with friends, but singleplayer was pretty satisfyingOnly bad thing like I said before not enough content. Sure playing coop and multiplayer is fun, but it gets repititve, Other than that you'll have a blast. One of my favorite games on steam right now!"
,Recommended,236370,24504702,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"This game is honestly really fun. The controls are responsive and the only reason that it has mixed reviews are because a lot of people are playing the game on potato PC's. The optimization is completely fine, but if you run it on a Mac of course it will run like complete crap!"
,Recommended,236370,25156371,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Allah Gold,"This game is brilliant, if it looks like something you would enjoy and don't mind waiting a while then I'd really recommend it. if you look through the reviews the only reason they are negative is due to the slow development, but what they are trying to achieve and have so far is worth it, deeply immersive, tactical gameplay. These people that complain about the development time renforce why you should buy it, they can't wait for it to be completed.To the people who are complaining, this is a small team and remember, you complaining like this is making it more likely for them to abandon the project than continue it. It's an invesment, be patient and if it looks promising and has gotten somewhere, it's probably going to be worth it in the future, so just wait."
,Recommended,236370,14487910,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nipple Commander,"Really good game, better to play with friends but fun on solo too.It has its scary moments"
76561198081205397,Recommended,236370,14492406,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Totally Normal,Robots have never been scarier.
76561198170876159,Recommended,236370,14670193,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tibble Tobble,Interstellar Marines has alot of potential and good ideas. A good game that is very tactical and relies heavily on team work. I personally can not wait to see what this game will hold for us in the future.
76561198091834554,Recommended,236370,14833479,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Presumptive,I LOVED HOW THIS GAME TURNED INTO A HORROR IN A DARK SHIP..... oh yeah and MASS MURDERING ROBOTS AROUND EVERY CORNER THAT COME OUTTA NO WHERE AND MAKE YOU JUMP IN FEAR!!
,Recommended,236370,15002921,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,OneKillQuota | Mixer.com,"This game has made some major leaps in it's content and feel. Very, VERY impressed with where it's at right now, and I can't wait to see where it's going."
76561198084470038,Recommended,236370,14502028,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,High lord st. ronnicus palicius,i played the free week now i can't buy it it just says play now
76561198071996480,Recommended,236370,16679581,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[T1L]Rarity,"Played with a few friends and somebody hit K and said ohh shoot DONT HIT K, what dose everybody in the game do... Hit K died and lost! Best game 2015! 10/10No but in all seriousness This game is great but has alot to improve on  in PVP 2shots and you die. Seems a little overpowered. Not much instruction on some of the co-op missions, and there is only 2 guns. Best sides all that the game is great! had alot of fun and cant wait for it to be compleat!all in all i would give it a 8/10"
76561198013539800,Recommended,236370,19154235,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,SpacePants,"Buzz... Buzz is that you??               PLAY WITH HEADPHONES!!!!!This isn't Call of Duty. (Cod fish lol) This game is bananas. It makes you feel so immersed, makes you develop team strategy (When playing with your friends on voice chat) Great visuals, audio, everything. The game is a must play/own. Reminds me of the old rainbow six's in a way. Every update they do makes the game so much cooler. Though I have to say, expect many bugs especially when using an elevator (Keep jumping or you will fall through) and the square markers on the floor at the end of the levels. (They usually never sensor that you are standing on them).You will feel so focused that you won't even feel the keyboard or mouse anymore. (No BS)"
,Recommended,236370,19183705,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,~Yuki~,"Beautufully sculpted game, stuning graphics, lighting, and other fantastic things.My thumb could not be more up than it is right now."
76561198026472023,Not Recommended,236370,19868730,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Janusz Korwin-Mikke,As with every other review in this section an amazing concept drawing inspiration from the likes of Raven Shield and System Shock 2 but ultimately dead in the water. The game Interstellar Marines that was promised to me when I originally backed this project DOES NOT EXIST. I did my part in supporting the development of this title but the Devs have gone down the wrong path entirely. If your still interested in buying this title then know what it is that your buying first because it sure isn't what was sold to us early backers.
,Recommended,236370,20760845,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,The Muffin Man,"This game shows great potential, and is already fun for the listed price. The community is currently small, but I have confidence that it will grow as the game does."
,Recommended,236370,21455447,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Minalear,"I feel like I should write a review to help counterract the overzealous and impatient negative reviewers.  Yes, the game isn't done, hence the Early Access warning.  Will it be done?  Maybe.  I think this game has amazing potential and the game gets a steady, though small, amount of updates.  Don't buy this game if you want instant gratification.  Don't buy this game if you expect a full product in the forseeable future.  Buy this product if you want to support a small team making a cool game that may or may not happen.  I don't regret buying it, though doesn't mean you won't.  Just wait and see if it goes anywhere."
,Recommended,236370,21935406,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Coco Mugg,"actually pretty fun for it's current state! It's a bit laggy, but I'm running it on the minimum set up. it does get a little boaring since there aren't many gamemodes or features. Can't wait for the full game.Rating: 6/10 in its current state"
76561198060936552,Recommended,236370,16975650,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HunterBot,"The game is truly the most fun sci-fi FPS I have played. It looks great for early access, and it plays really well.Despite there being a few bugs I can see right now ( Which will most likely be fixed later on) It generally has a lot of detail put into it. In the first campaign mission, I saw you could shoot through cracks in the floor when you first meet the CTRs.Although the experience is kind of halfed when not playing with friends or other people, it gives you a chance to challenge yourself and see if you can successfully beat the StarCrown AreoSpace mission without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself in fear and clicking out of the game.On the subject of multiplayer, there are several guides to show you how to play the game to peak efficiency if you want to go the serious route (Like I and my firends do, shouting ""Hostile spotted!"" and "" Hosilte eliminated, stack up on the door."").I get the feeling of actually being a soldier in this game, who is being trained to be one of the most badass soldiers in all of history. It is really fun, and I expect A LOT of great things to come from the game in the future."
,Recommended,236370,16936797,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,HaloChicken,"This is quite an amazing game, the only problem I have with it, is that there isn't much to do in it, yet... I still have great expectations for this game, but I think it will be a great game anyway!"
,Recommended,236370,14973648,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,An ordinary Japanese bush,"No aliens yet, but those ♥♥♥♥ing training bots are one of the biggest pains ever. It's fantastic in the realism and crazy emersive, play in the dark alone with headphones."
,Recommended,236370,9673351,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Beastii,nice game bet has a good gun u cant change thats awesome
76561198046947867,Not Recommended,236370,19667910,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Gamecritic101,very fun at first but there is nobody in multiplayer anymore.
76561198042418889,Recommended,236370,19538080,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,technodude458,Ok look everyone who is hating on the game I understand and sympathize with your complaints but you need to realize that the devs are ACTUALLY still working on it unlike other EA games which when theyve taken this long have become stagnant never gotten any updates and were later canceled does this have a long way to go yes but does it deserve all this flak no
,Not Recommended,236370,19561439,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NanoPirate,"this game is totally full of bugs, you fall through floors and elevators, and there are bugs/simple logical failures that break the campaignDONT BUY THIS GAMEexcept from that its quite the nice game though, good atmosphere and the AI are scary, it definitely has potential if the devs were updating it"
76561198009950686,Not Recommended,236370,33288842,Posted: 5 July,all,Shark,Ded game.
,Not Recommended,236370,33298635,Posted: 5 July,all,Cis scum (﻿ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),dead as the ♥♥♥♥
76561198096844323,Recommended,236370,29701116,Posted: 4 February,all,Zhe Ulrik,"bring a friend.nobody is really playing, but if you have some friends, this game is good stuff."
76561198098323193,Recommended,236370,29714853,Posted: 5 February,all,artreyu91,This game would be awesome if Dice entertainment helped with funding this game.
76561198005817365,Not Recommended,236370,26545096,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bear Cop,its dead and a waste of money.
76561197977236575,Not Recommended,236370,30944110,Posted: 4 April,all,bitmap,This game really looked promising - but in the 3 years since it was released on steam nothing much has eveloped. I thought things would develop - instead it's just at the same stage.I think there is potential her - but definitely not right now. I cannot recommend.
76561198079075616,Not Recommended,236370,29430445,Posted: 22 January,all,Teddy Pootis ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,2017...... still in beta. ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ
76561198097642263,Recommended,236370,14555552,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DankestofYodas,this was a really enjoyable game and a good compotion against others. you may hate the game when you first play it on multiplayer because you might suck but it takes time and i was the worst at this game but i played it whenever i could and i got better and started getting kills i definetly recomend this game
,Not Recommended,236370,13298827,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SS-Oberschützefeels,0 updates thats all i can tell...
,Not Recommended,236370,11125283,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheTunez,"*** PAY ATTENTION TO THE DATE AND CONTENT OF THE REVIEW BEFORE BEING LIKE DALTON (The guy commenting on this review, just scroll down and you'll see who he is) AND TRYING TO START A FIRE BEFORE YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT IS BEING SAID HERE.***UPDATE - It seems co-op multiplayer and single player have been implemented as of September 18, but I have yet to play it further for me to change my position about it all.Let me be clear about something first: I actually DO recommend this game. Ever since I saw it for the first time, full of promises, back in 2010. My eyes shone bright at that time. THIS was the game that I've been waiting for my whole life. Problem was that, until it reached Steam, there was absolutely no way I could back the devs up with my money. Let's face it: Sci-fi + FPS + ""Alien""-like atmosphere + RPG + Realism + Rich Storyline + Shark-slash-dog-ish creatures from outer space= MEGA PROFIT! ... Or at least that is what it seemed, at first glance.So, here we are, in 2014. I bought the game, 2 years ago. At that time, it was still a very promising game, except it only offered some kind of playground where you used to shoot down some AI robots and some random target practice. Still, it gave an enormous peek on what was waiting for me, just around the corner... and, once again, that is only what it seemed to be. Today, 2 years later, I'm yet to see the storyline + Sci-fi ambience + Alien-like atmosphere + RPG + whatever else the devs have promised. All I see is another Multiplayer FPS that got hold of my money with some promises that were real eye candies for me, back in those days. But the real experience is nothing of what I expected, because all there is to it is some ""CoD meets Rainbow Six-like"" multiplayer game. No storyline. No RPG. No shark-ish monsters and whatnot. Nothing of that which was promised to me and many other players, back in 2010, except for the multiplayer which, honestly, is not so different from other games.Once again, I actually DO recommend it. Support the devs, because they've been at this for more than 4 years and, as a game designer-to-be myself, I really understand the struggle is real. The game is beautiful, it is solid and all, but after more than 4 years in the making, I've only seen some pointless multiplayer with nothing of the other promises. That, gents at Zero Point Software, is a bit of a disappointment. I wish you the best of luck through the path and I hope you can achieve the dream I've been seeing you guys run after since 2010 (or is it earlier?). But at least give us an itsy bitsy tiny hint about when we are going to see the other co-op features and the so promised storyline, please! This could be one of the greatest indie titles ever, it has everything to be such... except this ""everything"" is missing. I really hope I am honestly mistaken and this isn't just another multiplayer arena shooter. And I really hope to be playing this awesome title to its fullest in a near future."
76561197993995170,Not Recommended,236370,10943733,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,supernova.ws,"I feel violated. I was promised an SciFi FPS shooter with cinematic scenes, rich story and beliveable SciFi beyound thisNothing from above is here! No single play (Dumb hunting for dumb bot as single-play? Are you SERIOURS?!). No cinematic scenes. No story - nothing to say about ""rich"". SciFi without narrative, story and single play?I didn't buy it! But I already bought it... Dumb me!Remark for myself: NEVER buy games in Early Access. What the heck it's means by the way? ""It's too Early to Access the game""?!Okay. Lesson learned.OLD REVIEW on 29 June, 2014Too slowWhen a project was greenlighted I hope to new story-reach single-player experience. But in time it becomes just another multiplayer shooter - just in sci-fi universe. It's passed almost year after I purchase this game  - and there is no single-player even in near perspective!If developers wanted to make a multiplayer game - they should state it clearly. And looks like I was fooled."
76561198071434888,Not Recommended,236370,10909758,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DaBikeGuy,"While I do like the idea ,the bones of this game are still showing. In it's current state It's a clunky game with some odd movement controls that don't really add anything to the game aside from being different, and only 2 different weapons. So far it is only playable in vs mode but there are a couple of game types for that now, but the promised single/co-op play has yet to materialize, along with the shark mutant bad guys. Overall I would say this game has promise, but I don't think it is worth an early access purchase."
76561198059063844,Not Recommended,236370,10926003,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GreenThunder01,Not my cup of tea
76561198075199001,Recommended,236370,14411533,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Malachi De Lucifage,"So I decided to give this one a trial run considering that it's free to play rite now for the next 5 days. All I can realistically say about it is that it is one that I will be adding to my game collection. Anyone that enjoys the classic FPS Style Game this one is for you. This games graphics, lighting, and shadow are superb. All of the fires burning in the actual Mission Simulation is better than anything that I've seen yet considering that this game isn't a RAM, CPU, Graphics Card, or HDD Heavy Hog. This game is superb and brilliantly put together from the little that I have already played of it for free. Thanks Zero Point Software."
76561198078582252,Recommended,236370,23330879,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Baggy,"Note that updates to this title is a slow burn. But what I've played, Ive fully enjoyed. Never thought AI Robots would freak me out but they do. Great shooter, no run and gun stuff, nice co-op action. Ai can be on the easy side on normal, overall you need friends to play this! Although ok in single player. Complains about development progress is valid but when we do get an update its solid and welldone."
76561198013131299,Recommended,236370,26167617,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Badandy-119,"I bought this game back in '13.  I had an older computer and it didn't run very well so it got uninstalled after 8 minutes.  Now it is October of 2016 and I rediscovered this lurking in my library and decided to give it a try.  I have a much newer gaming computer so I though it would run a little better.  Not only did it run better, but I noticed a TON of new content.  After the first training mission, I was hooked.  I even tried a couple of Combat Scenarios.  I was playing them late at night with the lights off, which turned out to be the best conditions because the experience was suspensful, terrifying, and fun at the same time.  This is a great game and I can't wait to see what's coming from the developers."
,Recommended,236370,16512280,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,mogidingding,"Good game, new updates regularly. Not the pretiest but definately not the ugliest. Graphics seem a little washed out and grey saturated. But fun."
76561197970103344,Recommended,236370,23482090,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DAD HAMMER,"The core gameplay is good, the graphics are nice and the mission structure is well layed out, just, where is the rest of the content ?"
76561198102931030,Recommended,236370,17221917,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,captain cucumber,good
,Recommended,236370,10381564,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,TheBeaves,"First of you have to understand, it is an EARLY ACCESS game. That means, that there isn't much to offer right off the bat. And as usual, updating is kinda slow. BUT what they do have is quite fun. Their gameplay is spot on with an immersive indie feel. The hit reg is actually pretty good with only dying from a B*llsh*t firefight maybe once a game.It is early access like I said so there is only two guns right now. They are fun as h*ll though. For $15 it's good fun for an hour here and there. The game, I feel, has a lot of potential and I'm looking forward to it very much."
76561198070708827,Recommended,236370,6621655,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,RaveKitsune,"This game doesnt seem like a big whoop, but its truly an innovation of realism and fps put into a really kick♥♥♥♥♥simulation. Its early alpha right now, but my god the sound, the graphics, the looks, the gameplay is all stable and astounding.Please do try it out."
,Not Recommended,236370,10077677,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ProMuppetSlayer,"I liked the concept for this game, however the updates are very few and far apart with little to no content. This lead me to lose interest in Interstellar Marines."
,Recommended,236370,14415545,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SpongeBob,It Will Be Amazing in the future and don't have constant refresh for multiplayer i goto clikc and aussie server then refreshes and makes me join a eu or us server
,Recommended,236370,15028092,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,John Halo,"It's Dark...It's quiet...I can only hear the sounds of my breath and lights flickering on and off from the malfunctioning power. I turn to my right and open the ship's hatch to let myself out. I cringe as it loudly hisses and pushes open to leave a ramp for me to walk down. I turn left, then right and make my way to a staircase and activate a fuse box at the bottom as lights come to life and the vents unlock for me to open them. I crouch and crawl through the narrow maze to find myself an opening leading into a very large room, the darkness making it seem like an endless void beyond my field of view. I drop down and hear some mechanical being whir to life...my heart sinks...that sinking feeling as if things are about to go very wrong. I pick up the audio log under some shelves as it emits a bright yellow light. I listen and hear the robots sounds coming increasingly louder...and faster. I equip my silencer and turn to the door way behind me. Knealing down as I wait, I hear some sort of intense sound come from this robot with it's footsteps growing heavier as it bursts through the doorway. I unload my mag on the damned thing as it drops to the floor, my HUD revealing a skull above it's head with multiple indicators of where I damaged it. I waited for my heart rate to slow down as I gathered myself. Once calmed, I made my way into the ventilation system again and found myself in a room with shelves lining the walls and fences sectioning the different areas off from each other. I heard the footsteps of multiple entities and assumed that they were to be like the last synthetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I ran into. I crouched down and made my way into a room, walking backwards to check if anything were following me...this was a mistake. I backed into another robot and heard it's mechanical yell as I whipped around and unloaded my SMG's whole clip into him as I panicked. The other's respond to this cry and I heard them all scream to life as heavy footsteps grew louder...faster...stronger. I reloaded quickly and hauled it into the next room only to alert more of these beasts. I had awoken the hive and wasn't ready to go down without a fight. I steadied my aim and fired bursts at the machines' heads. Left...right...left...right...they were dropping like flies. My mag ran out and I quickly switched to my assault rifle and activated it's laser due to the fact that it's scope was too long range for this situation. I aimed carefully and fired more shots through their metallic brains one by one. Thus I had been victorious against the horde of synthetic zombies.Sci-Fi Horror is back ladies and gents and others.Damn this♥♥♥♥♥♥is scary10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves again."
76561198059826572,Recommended,236370,15052900,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Jarhead,"This game has a great potential for a early release game. While the game can be laggy and glitchy at times; when it runs smoothly you will have a great tactical experience. Your never sure when a hostile is right around the corner, or where the sound of footsteps is coming from, so you'll always be on edge every time you and your team mates storm a room or make the decision to go down the open hallway instead of navigating a maze of smaller hallways where danger is everywhere. A must have for tactical fps lovers everywhere."
76561198023177531,Recommended,236370,20080665,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,elikatz16,would be nice to have the gps display so that you could find where the enemies are
76561198090917417,Recommended,236370,20065013,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[Blitz]unfixingprawn,Lots of Fun :3 cant wait to play more
,Recommended,236370,15025158,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Hisoka,"u wot m8, dank gaem 10/10 would play again, plz giff new missions an'swag very nicebest interracial marines game out there"
,Not Recommended,236370,4440332,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Lever Man,"After owning this game for a few months and watching the development progress (if it can be called such), I can only say I am disappointed.This is not to say there has been no progress. You can crouch now! There is even a new map!However, progress is far to slow to justify the current state (and price) of the game. I hope one day it will pick up, and become the game it is advertised to be.-----For $15 you can get this game in it's current form, as well as the completed product.At the time of this writing, that gets you a handful of tech demo maps, and a fairly strong (but somewhat lacking) multiplayer. Not to mention a vauge promise of cake later on."
76561198073534623,Not Recommended,236370,20534437,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Buy Monero,Don't buy this. The gameplay is great but the devs never update it. I do not know how they expect people to want to play this at the speed they are working at.
76561198100033379,Not Recommended,236370,26036608,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RoboticPlague,Had high hopes for this but this is just another example of why early access needs to stop.
76561198089345814,Recommended,236370,12947499,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,February Dugong (Trading),Pretty Sick Game
,Not Recommended,236370,9385219,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Gamma CSGOHunt.com,This game was Alot of fun when i could find a game. Not many people play it and the servers are buggy. that is of course to be expected from an early access game. I believe it is worth buying but not until it is finished
,Not Recommended,236370,1078167,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Duke,"2013:At this moment the game has nothing to do with half life or system shock in ANY form. With everything turned down the framerate suffers beyong believe and only MP is available which is very bad. The weapon system seems randon and only 2 are for testing there. There is neither physics nor blood. PLEASE improve this game! ATM it looks like a bad F2P game.30.03.14 :Not much changes here. Game is still unplayable: Same few maps, same bad effects with new UI.1 weapon , ridiculous hit detection and more make this game a bad decision at this moment.31.03.15Well, some changes were made. A new 5min ""tutorial"" was added which has you - again no story or lifely design of any kind - fighing against badly ripped of terminator-enemies. The fire effects look very good, the rest is like a PS2 / early PS3 era game.The multiplayer mode has some more weapons (2 ? ) which randomly stop working midgame, sometimes hit detection stops working and you cant kill an enemy at all.The light-system in this game is also horrible. Everywhere are blackouts and the enviroment looks like an early HALO build without ANY decal or ornaments.There is neither blood nor horror like promised back in 2012, the game has taken a very lighthearted approach to very bad comedy level.The characters are lifeless, there is not much ego/POV animation like hitting switches or anything of that kind."
,Not Recommended,236370,9647224,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Tubby,"I reccomend that you do not buy this game, yet. Believe me I want you to buy it but it will not be worth your money for quite some time. The physics of the combat is spectacular and the graphics are great but there hardly any content to the game other than a few maps and very basic experience and lvl system. I know for sure that this game holds much promise as it is in early access still. 55/100"
,Not Recommended,236370,9664475,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Gh st,"Unfortunately, when I got this game during xmas, almost none of the interesting selling points (open world sci-fi rpg) that were described in text or in the trailer had been implemented. Then I found out through forums that the game has been in essentially the same PvP arena state for years already.This experience has convinced me of one thing, that this will be the last time I bother getting into a game pre-release. Either put up when it's ready or it's not worth wasting my time, energy, and money to bother. I wish I could filter all alpha games out of steam advertising."
76561198006578968,Not Recommended,236370,10394170,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Castyel,WARNING No Co Op in game yet............Only Multi Player PvPThey have a tone of work to do and found out this game has been in developement since before 2011.If u want to take a gamble and support a game that may or may not end up being a true co op fun game sure give it a go but don't expect to be play co op any time soon.Yes they warn you the game is in development but they also state it is being developed from teh ground up as 4 player Co Op (Yeah not so true)
76561198027253047,Not Recommended,236370,10852450,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,shadowbot,"For a game that has a great feel and what would be nice gunplay, it certainly forces you away from gunplay, and into hiding and  staring into blackness. Add on a 2 minute timer when you die, and you mostly have a camping in the dark waiting game, instead of strategic shooting. No thanks, I'd take a refund if I could."
76561197972499865,Recommended,236370,12565191,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,I want his to be a great co-op game.
,Recommended,236370,12882282,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,First Mate Morin,"This game is kick***, 10/10."
76561197960407527,Not Recommended,236370,10381925,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,MattyMac86,"Wait until it's full release, very basic mechanics so far"
76561198101413511,Recommended,236370,10244025,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,James,loving it so far ceep the amzing work up :D !!!!
,Not Recommended,236370,21759992,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Al Gong-Quin,"As a solo player I tried and tried again. The AI suicide squads don't help when you have slow reloads, no automatic reloads upon an empty magazine, and the sneaking is easily ruined by super robot tele-vision. I really wanted to love this game because it's great but I can't do anything solo and if this is a co-op only then it isn't my fault and telling me ""A group to cover more ground"" really helps, I'll go look at the other 4 online players (actual amount before I wrote the review).It's great for co-op, play easy and pray it's easier than normal."
,Not Recommended,236370,10376507,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Paskal,"I purchased this nearly 1 year ago. Not much has changed since then.  Devs seem to be concentrating on environment rather than gameplay. Still just 1 gun after 11 months of development and quite frankly, nobody plays this game. You can get free copies if you scourge the internet so the 20~$ price tag is definitely not justified. Quite frankly this is turning out to be a huge disapointment. Sure, they added new game modes and maps... to shoot your only gun vs the 2-3 people on the server. I know they're a small team but when comparing to other indie teams they're as slow as molasses. If you want a decent FPS other than CS:GO look at Insurgency because you might die before this game gets released / becomes any fun to play.  4/10 -  No wonder their Kickstarter failed miserably."
,Recommended,236370,14494886,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,☭Sp/\rksioh ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Even though its still in alpha, one can get a sense of what the finished product will be likethe 18 player deathmatch is quite fun and the 4 player missions are well made and make you feel like, well, an interstellar marine"
,Not Recommended,236370,9675108,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,!3eleiÐiger,"Interstellar Marines..Hmmmmhow can i say it. Its quite a nice Game but it has to go a looooong way! To be Fair this Game is Early Access but the Content is growing more slowly with each Up-Date they recently just Added standard Content like Crouching, Covering and Stuff. In the current State is is just some Multi-player Match up with only 1 Weapon!Pros:The Graphics are very good Lighting and Shaders working fine and the Animations are good!The changing environment with Day Night circle is pretty awesome!But the Maps in some States are so dark that you have to use your Flashlight but most of the Players sitting in the dark and waiting for someone who takes that mistake!The Sound would be good too but sometimes i have some issues and Sound-bugs!The Maps are well designed and give you many possibility to attack!The Covering System here is no big Deal but it works fine for me!Contras:Like i said there is not much Content and a couple of different maps(with 3 Game-Modes) with only one Assault-riffle to Attack!The Hit-boxes and/or the Weapon-spray feels ridicules wrong atm and wy is there less recoil if you use the Laser-pointer in Iron-sight?There is no Indication how good/bad your Connection it!THE BIGGEST PROBLEM a.t.m. in my opinion are sadly the Hackers there are so many Impossible shots that kills you that there is no way to blame the Connection/Hit-box/or Spray! Some Players just 1 Shot you what ever you trying to do and no matter how far the distance is!The Dev's are on it and suggesting Screen-shotting and Reporting them but that seems not to work!At all this Game could be absolutely awesome and i would love to have the Issues Fixed to become a 24/7 Player in this Awesome Universe but at this Point i cant recommend Buying it cause in lack of Content and the obviously Hackers!I will rework my Recommendation in the Future if i recognize Major Changes!Sry Defs and pls keep working!"
,Recommended,236370,9327074,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,キングWeeb Trash,great
,Not Recommended,236370,25226275,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Walkman,"I want to beleive, i really do. After all these years, i'm starting to lose hope."
,Recommended,236370,17198951,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,reinhart1030,FUN
76561198028069297,Recommended,236370,18070251,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ripper007,Greate Game.  Going in a game with a partner in a Coop is alot of fun.I also enjoyed the Single player Training corsesHope the development for this games keeps going.
,Recommended,236370,13582606,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Doxiic,Overall great game for Alpha
76561198011483539,Recommended,236370,17651721,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"Highly enjoyable shooter but, no community"
,Not Recommended,236370,14476503,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr. Lonely,my lights are black and idk what to do
76561198012276314,Recommended,236370,14486117,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Pixel Paintbrush,"Classic FPS ala Unreal or ORIGINAL Call of duty....NO powerups, NO kill streaks, NO stupid♥♥♥♥♥powerups and weird guns...it's perfect! Highly reccomend it"
76561198079650775,Recommended,236370,14473410,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ッ shde,If you like action movies and first person shooters get this game if you like getting punched in the face by robots GET THIS GAME NOW but really this game is one of the most atmospheric game i have seen in a while
76561198151212174,Recommended,236370,14473849,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LordNomolos,"Bloody amazing game, get it now while it is cheap, seriously"
,Recommended,236370,14473996,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SpeedKiller,"Survival mode is alot of fun!im sure when this game will be fully developed it will be a masterpiece(campaing[hopefully coop],more weapons,more enviormental effects,meele?,more stances[positions for your character])"
,Recommended,236370,15620443,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr_Psycho_Pass,wow Awesome game. buy it now
76561197975405073,Recommended,236370,13630049,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gu5tAv,Best atmosphere in an indie title I've experienced. Atmosphere comparable to that of the Triple A.
76561198044674350,Recommended,236370,12719883,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Maniac,Its a very fun game to play.. Co-Op is very fun with friends
,Recommended,236370,12737507,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wicked Zombie T,PvE=Five Nights At Freddy's+Halo=Interstellar PvEPvP=CoD+Halo+couple other awesome things=Interstellar PvPP.S.Things to add/fix:RevivePrivate matchesCustomizable marine(don't go crazy with the idea of paying for stuff)More guns(from what I've seen there is only 2)A deep story(audio recordings are not enough)Lag. Fix it. Please.
76561198040508218,Recommended,236370,12746809,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Doctor Nagel,imagine if terminators and the robots from irobot got into a war on a space ship and you put 1-4 space marines in it.its as cayotic as you could think
,Recommended,236370,2991183,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,N457Y,Ehy ischör so is early axis aba jez schon foll gaiel wirt eh noch bessah
,Recommended,236370,8178927,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pibulous,THIS IS AMAZING GET IT LOLOLOLOL
,Recommended,236370,9931401,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Wavio_csgobounty.com,"It's still in beta so this a really rough review.I really like the idea of this Sci-fi tactical futuristic FPS, being close to called an ""indie"" game and can't wait for the Co-oP and the SinglePlayer to play through with my buddies.I think if you're thinking of buying this game, it's a total Yes! but you are going to wait your♥♥♥♥♥off for the full thing to come out, still, keep in mind that this game is coming from  Zero Point, a very talented group of people and is worth the wait.Graphics are average, sort of like L4D2 or Portal 2.Beta multiplayer is fun... for a little bit, but since it's still in-development, it might see brighter days.The thing everyone is hyped about this game is acctually co-op game that sets you and 3 more people in a survival gamemode fighting against....... MONSTER SHARKS OF DOOM AND CHAOS AND DOOM, and i'm guessing it will resemble the L4D2 Survival mod where it records your best times surviving on that map. so.... it is a Yes, from me."
,Recommended,236370,10022415,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,beef,needs graphics option then i will consider actually playing it
76561198060870604,Not Recommended,236370,19739891,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The Periwinkle Baron,"you see the thing is i really really like this game...or at least i did. the thing is i'm disappointed to say the least and im not dis appointed in the game but the devs. they started making the game and were making head way like adding new guns and a slide feature and fine tuning the big and little things. then by the time hell week came out it all went downhill. they started to focus on the multiplayer more and more, now don't get me wrong thats all good and well bet thats what they've been doing for the past 6 months or so and we still have the same solo missions and the same guns ect. over all i really want to like this game i really do but it's just repetative. the graphics and ideas are brilliant but they're not doing anything with the devs are turning this thing into a C.O.Desk shooter and it makes me really sad to see. so if your going to get this game think twice or at least wait until they do something with the potential of this game."
76561198054944117,Recommended,236370,14452587,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Clerf,"Fun and exciting, i look foward to future updates!"
,Not Recommended,236370,21907087,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,|LSRL| Rock,"Bought this years ago..... And still nothing is done due to the story.... That sucks.Thumbs down. I will change my opinion if the story is out. (There is still hope, not planty, but a litte bit)"
76561198023933103,Not Recommended,236370,11164547,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,PleaBargain69,Dont buy this until it gets released.
,Recommended,236370,19711863,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rose The Unbreakable,I find it a lot of fun at stages
76561198030605324,Not Recommended,236370,21110092,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shape Doctor,Just release some actual co-op content for god's sake.
76561197995724484,Recommended,236370,9668730,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,glamspam10,"This is an excellent FPS with a great deal of promise--I just upgraded to the Spearhead edition to support their work.The environments look good and are varied (from a paint-ball like warehouse/base with different levels, varied lighting conditions, and changing cover to a snow-covered base that reminds me of BF 2142.  The heads-up display is useful, showing live teammates and just-killed enemy/teammates, which allows you to keep track of where contact is taking place.   Floating team identifiers are usually clear enough to prevent killing teammates.  The closed environments help teammates cooperate if they want to in the sense that you can provide cover for others and vice versa if so moved because you are often moving around in the same environment.Reloading your weapon is quick, and ammo seems unlimited (unrealistic, but one less thing to worry about--""power-ups"" aren't any more realistic..).  The  aiming is not unrealistically rock-steady, but not not too jumpy to frustrate (me, anyway).  The contained evnvironment allows enough room to creep around, but not so much you have trouble finding where contact is happening.  Even in nighttime environments the lighting is adequate to spot enemies if you're careful.  Firepower with the single weapon you have (auto rifle, basically), doesn't seem under or over-powered to me--seems to take two carefully placed short bursts to kill someone from 20-30 feet away.  You can crouch but not go prone.  You can run and jump.  Accessories are limited: laser sights (I don't see the advantage, and it reveals your location) and a flashlight.It lacks:- Single player.  Fortunately, I haven't had any problems finding and playing online games to play.  The player numbers seem about right.- Coherent backstory.  Identifying them as ""intersteller"" marines seems unnecessary, since they are  fighting on earth against seeming other marines, and their craft which show up as props (which cannot be entered and are non-operable) look suitable for space shuttle use, but not interplanetary travel, and as for ""intersteller,"" that's kind of silly.  Also, why have interplanetary marines with no identified threats?  However, I'm happy if they concentrate on combat gameplay and features and add backstory later.- Different weapons and weapon capabilities are missing.  No single-burst-full auto choice, although you can control your fire rate to mimic them.  Quick on-off flashlight on the weapon would be a good addition.  No heavy weapons (maybe this is better in the enclosed environments).- No permanent wounding and no healing--not sure but it appears that you recover health if you get out of wounding fire for a brief while.  Good for quick gameplay, tho.  Also means no healing needed--some like a first aid feature and some don't.- Nothing I could notice as a reason to try to advance in rank.  No upgrades of anything, no badges, etc.- No team system yet, unless I'm missing something.The ""vision"" goals sound good.  I wish them luck in this."
,Recommended,236370,10989873,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Donald Trump's Hair,this game is pretty cool! this is the third time i have rewritten my review because of game breaking problems that i fixed.this game is fun and i cannt wait for the full release. LAND SHARKS
76561198050861839,Recommended,236370,11485536,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,i0rek,"amazing game, mutliplayer experience is invigorating"
76561198024089347,Recommended,236370,10964397,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mogie,"Great fps, that shows a lot of promise. Personally I had a lot of fun playing this game, and still do. I don't get on it as much because I feel that some things in this game got old to me, but after updates it got even better! I'd suggest anyone who likes a good sifi fps to take a shot at this!"
,Recommended,236370,10968330,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheKOOK,good
,Recommended,236370,12084637,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,xsinick,I don't know if the DEVs care about feedback but I must say. This game is very nice. The only let down is no joystick support to date. I know they want the game to feel different and  'real' but  motion models like the one COD has just  work for this type of game.Good work always round. :)
,Not Recommended,236370,16103642,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,KR0SSED0UT,"(update 18)I have tried and tried to like this game. I've had it in my steam library for over a year. When I first got it, I launched it (I can't remember what version it was) and it felt clunky, slow, and unplayable. FPS drops were wide and varied, and I found myself getting as low as 15fps. (The game had already been out for around a year at that point.)SInce I got it a year ago, I went from a Sapphire 7870 2GB to a EVGA 970 4GB. I've been reinstalling games to see how they run and also to see which ones I should keep and which ones I should leave uninstalled.I downloaded this, launched it again, and found - the exact same game. 'Updates' be damned, I hit 28fps with all the settings down at the lowest resolution. Framerates varied wildly (just like last time) and changing settings had no effect (just like last time.) I went up to 150fps in hallways, and, the second I walked into a big area, I'd go to 35fps.Now, I get it, I understand Early Access. But if my rig (quite capable) can't run this game at the lowest settings playably, how the ♥♥♥♥ are 90% of PC gamers with equal -> lesser rigs than me supposed to play this? At all?AND, even if I could ignore the broken (or nonexistent) hardware optimizations, the game is also clunky and bad. If you don't believe me, try running up stairs.TL:DR; buy this game in 3 years when it's on, oh, I don't know, update 109. Maybe then it'll be viable."
76561198111466202,Recommended,236370,11300624,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Space cowboy,"good game but almost no player, can you please ad co op mode and ad more guns"
,Recommended,236370,11048456,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,willemvanhulle,FPS is too low in comparison to other games i played on my hardware. Even if every graphical option is deactivated. I wouldn t have paid for it if i knew this
76561198032682002,Recommended,236370,11075922,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,george,"Linux Mint Platform.I have played many gmes on Linux Mint and I do realize this game is still in ""early release"".After installing from Steam I started the game and it starts up with 640x480 screen mode.  I finally figured out that the menu buttons did not line up with where they appeared on the screen and was able to change to window mode for a fix.I played multiplayer for over an hour as had no points.  I felt like crewman #6 wear a red shirt.  I gave the game a break for an hour and came back in to get 2 kills.  Leveled up.This is your clasic PVP; run around and kill everything and stay out of their firing range.  I have to admit there are times that I do not see anyone around and get sniped.SIngle player mode is great.  You can run around empty maps with nothing more to do.  Single player needs a little bit more added to be of any entertainment value.  At this time I can only recommend this game if you love PVP.  I am looking for a well balanced game and hope this one finishes out the rest of the non-pvp content.  I like the old quake style of mobs of monsters lurking around the corner to attack you.  I am looking forward to that part being developed."
,Recommended,236370,11005117,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,z|Blazeface|z,Very Good game but they still need to add more content! Hope they can get it to be an great original game!
76561198144288874,Recommended,236370,14585313,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Obito,"Intersellar marines is a fps in first class, the only downsides of this is that you cant do a own server in the session but that you need to find an avaible server which can take some time, the other downside is its lack of content, but otherwise its a really good game"
,Recommended,236370,10955964,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,oGRIM/Speeddemon0,"This game is pretty decent as a tatical FPS.It is pretty fin but the servers are dead at the moment.So I would not buy it just yet.But I can't wait to see what this game brings us in the near future. 8/10EDIT:Update 15: When I first bought it, I played around Update 10/11 and I kinda regret buying. Now I did a review on this during summertime but the way I see it now amuses me. I tried out the campaign map Nueronv2 and boy does it have a horror feel to it, I got scared about the robots and suddenly 3 robots come in different directions which freaks me out. It made me feel paranoid too due to the atmospheric sounds put into the game! The multiplayer is ok but I wish there are more players than dead servers. I recommend this at its current state, its very promising."
76561198026710685,Recommended,236370,10820771,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Thighgina,"Great Game :) Games overall pace is a little slow and really it needs more players to fill the servers, but that can be forgiven."
,Recommended,236370,10946991,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,simpiou,"/!\ alpha review+ the game looks great, handling pretty good, maps evolve.- lack of weapon8/10"
,Recommended,236370,11310708,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,✪ Achilles,"Defenitely an early access game. Don't buy it if you're looking for a full release. I personally have fun with it, and it's one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. The gameplay is generally slow paced, but it still feels tense. It's kind of like playing a role in a horror movie at times when you have no idea where the enemy is, and you have no where to hide. At the time of this writing, only the multiplayer is available, but you can test the mission maps in single player. I look forward to further updates, and eventually the full release."
76561198108498332,Recommended,236370,13698862,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Noodlez (ジョセフ·キラー,"Before i start my revew i would like to poiint out i played this game when it was in BetaInterstellar Space Marines was the full name of the game but i guess we shall call it ""Interstellar Marines""Interstellar marines has been a great experience and a great use of my moneyi never regreted once buying the game and i never had problems as a Mac and windows playerThe game revolves around Strategy and good use of materials, also mixing lighting,flare and mask Problems to the GameplayInterstellar has stuning graphics and by suprise, it looks and plays better than most 60$ FPS that are out thereand the game indeed deserves the money it costs, maybe even more.Interstellar has one od the best strategy mechanics you can find in games and greatly deserves to be bought.A con that i found that breaks the only singleplayer part of the game is that the enemies blindly stare at you for seconds and don't shoot, also sometimes they bugg out, but could esaly be fixed with later patches of the game.In conclusion:Interstellar Marines is a must own gameI am verry picky with games and i give it a 9/10almost Perfect but the single player AI for the bots is wonky and does not challenge any players as it stands blindlyso go get this game it's a great use of you money-Josephkiller21"
76561198045007489,Recommended,236370,14585318,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Captain_Kitteh,Like Skyrim with guns 10/10 ign
76561198038255647,Recommended,236370,12381867,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,WolfTrap,"I bought this game out of curiousity and burn out from my other previous games. This is also around the time coop dropped. Though it is not a finished product, the direction this game is going is one I can follow. This is a Tactical big boy pants shooter set in a sci fi universe. It is dark, and immersive. The one thing that drew me in was the attention to detail, lighting and pacing. Weapons feel like they have weights and the coop map sets a proper tone for a chilling experience. If you are looking for a CoD, or BF experience, this may not be the game for you. I predict this will be a difficult game to play in general even in coop when more content is added. This can be good or bad depending on what kind of gamer you are. My feelings are positive and I have no regrets investing in this title. Support the cause, participate in the forums, and have fun."
76561197984055267,Recommended,236370,12384292,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Mr. Brewski,"...the atmosphere, OMG...much wow. The Neurogen Incident single player/co-op mission is insanely good. IM still has a long way to go but oozes promise, I'm very keen to see where it ends up."
,Recommended,236370,12342347,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Nyan Cat,Great game idea and amazing graphics. I recommend buying this but just be wary it is in early development and bugs/glitches will occur. I think the final product will be worth it.
76561198023684265,Recommended,236370,12291484,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Snugs,Even though this game is not done yet it is still very fun to play when you can find a server with people which is becoming easier.
76561198041459211,Recommended,236370,12847407,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Captain Extravagant,"To begin with the game didn't really have much to it, and to be honest it still doesn't. But you sort of lose sense of that when you get into a game, stare down a dark corridor and get lost in the atmosphere. Everybody I know that plays this game agrees when I say it's one of the scariest games on the market, and it's because of how the game feels.Seriously, scroll up and buy this game, it's totally worth it."
76561198044602900,Recommended,236370,10968285,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Scrubbyj,This game is a blast. the graphics are amazing and the gameplay is rewarding and fun. i recommend this game to anyone
,Recommended,236370,10875280,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[Heest]G-ranium,This game may be early access but it is so freaking fun it isn't even funny
,Recommended,236370,11413827,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,EverRight,"Looking for a challenging game? This is it except that if u live in the U.S.A. like me, chances are that you will get 300-400 Ping on all servers. Dont get me wrong u can still play but lag and FPS will totally ruin your experience. I hope this game makes servers in America otherwise hold off till it becomes an official game.( i recently played this game after about a year or two after purchase. No joke when i say this but dammmmmmmmmmmmm there was 13 players afk on a global scale. Extremely LOW AF game population.)"
,Recommended,236370,11602499,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PREÐA†ØЯ,"Not a huge fan of Early Access games due to the fact it's highly possible the developer will just take the money and never end up doing anything with the game. However, if the developer actually comes out with a finished product and not just beta versions.. I might feel a bit more satisfied paying for this now year long wait.. Your message of blood sweat and tears doesn't stop me from rating! I am a fan of zero point software, so my hopes were fairly high. The game seems to be visually appealing, smooth, and managing controls are fairly easy, even in E.A. I just hope that this game is actually released."
,Recommended,236370,12030058,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kelionus,"Welcome to battlefield 2.0 were Si-Fi meets fps, one of the best Games by far."
76561198036861269,Recommended,236370,12315268,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,mmaawwss,"this game is great fun, especially if you play with friends. It is the best co-op experience I've ever had."
76561198029815043,Recommended,236370,11699864,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,raxza2k,"Hell yeah interstellar marines, I belive in you!!"
76561198085780388,Recommended,236370,11380658,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,<CRG> Mista Wallop,"First off this game is not yet fully developed but beautiful interesting and quite polished, the only glitch i encountered while playing this game was the Get Killed By Bots when i spawned inside of one of those rage inducing terminators, my highscore is still two in one life, not bad. Now what i wish to see possibly voice commands or better yet hand signals, when looking at another neutral hit the hand signal ""go"" and on the side of the screen the players name and command will appear. A melee system would be nice, you dont know how many countless times i have snuck up behind someone and tried to melee them. custom loadouts as well, instead of running around like a crazed gunman with you submachine gun, try sniping people out with the new rifle, then you hear someone running behind you and whip out a pistol and thats all she wrote. You could carry medkit, gernade, or whatever else you want. and finally some customization, changing emblems, secondary colors, laser sight color, gun sight color, gun color, and a bunch of stuff i cant even think of right now. but to sum this game up, you run around with two guns, Get Killed By Bots in a minigame, and pretty much get wrecked by some guy from the U.K, or is that just me? Anyways even if you dont like what the game currently has to offer, just buy it to support the devs, or even to jump aboard something that could really evolve into something great. So should you buy this game? Only if you like gunning people down on some beautifully imagined world with a super awesome futuristic SMG!"
,Recommended,236370,12507193,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cheski,"The NeuroGen Incident Survival Co-op Update - gives you a taste of what this game is going to be capable of. I played it solo and it is terrifying! You start to learn limits of your enemies, but the environment is very immersive and stacks against you."
,Recommended,236370,12529359,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nate Wardawg,This is a game I've been following almost since the very beginning of the project and (probably due to being able to afford enough developers) am glad to see it progressing at a good devlopement pace now.
,Recommended,236370,4671425,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,vap_taiwan#1,"You should totaly invest your money in this game! It's still work in progress, but already making fun! This game has a good future!! lol"
76561198004234109,Recommended,236370,10896958,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,=ZzB=Cranky,"i like it   the shadows oh the shadows heaps of fun for a early access game,still a long way to go its a good change from your standard PC fps ."
,Recommended,236370,10993962,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ghost,I like what this game is doing and I fully support its progress. This os going to be an amazing game and I want others to help support it too.
,Recommended,236370,11252846,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,The Evil Man-Ray,"Incredibly good, I find it very realistic to what a marines would face in combat. Luv it"
,Recommended,236370,13442946,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nicrotics,It was laggy on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mac but the graphics are stunningly beautiful! 11/10 would play again on a pc
76561198073399809,Recommended,236370,8912209,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,IronKeith,"I've player arpund twp hours of this game, and I've noticed a few good and bad things about the game.Pros=The lighting, graphics, and sound are all very well done, even in the game's pre-release stage. The team size (5v5 or 8v8) has been well fitted to the maps that have been released to us. I really like how the map itself changes mid game to throw in some variety to the players as they're trying to play the objectives.Cons= There are no hitmarkers yet, so unless you are right in the face of your oppenent you're firing at, it's hard to tell if you have hit him. (This will probably be fixed pretty quickly.) And I don't know about the rest of you, but my flashlight does not work, and that sucks, because most maps will switch to a darkened state sometime during the match.Overall, the game is absolutley worth its 15$ price tag, and i'm really looking forward to future updates additions to the game."
76561198026722739,Recommended,236370,12466656,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,schillong,"The potential is there for this game to be great, but it is taking a very long time. I love the helmet/visor system and the night/day cycle. One day it'll release hopefully and I'm going to enjoy it. If you don't feel like investing yet I would put this on your wishlist at the very least."
,Recommended,236370,10192406,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,enki,thank you guys! been looking forward to update 11
,Recommended,236370,12457264,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,One Peench Man,"The game updates once every century or so, and when it does, (barring performance increases) it's usually only adding a new map or tweaking the jump mechanics. The weapon choice is still limited to two guns, with no loadout options to speak of (or melee, for that matter).That said, map design is brilliant, and the changing weather/time/map layout patterns add a lot more than you would think to strategy. Co-op mode map so far manages to be far creepier than I was expecting. Running footstep sounds, even from my teammates, make me tense, and my friend and I have literally been frightened by our own shadows. The atmosphere of all maps is all-around fantastic.While hardly close to finished, I'm really looking forward to whatever the end product will be."
76561198046787869,Recommended,236370,12476625,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ReapingZero,The first time I played this game was when it first came out and then it was mostly team death match this game has come a long way since then. The DEV team in my opinion has put a lot of effort in to this game since then and I am most definitely looking forward to future content and game play.
76561198314617603,Recommended,236370,30048665,Posted: 19 February,all,The Ronin,great game for an in development stage has a huge amount of promise for future installments.
,Recommended,236370,25943111,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cladri,"This game is awesome.Lacks some gamemodes,guns,maps,but the mechanics sound efects,and preatty much other than that this game is awesome.Can't wait for it to exit beta,so more people can come and play."
76561198037882972,Recommended,236370,25972400,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,NobleSeigi,"It has potential. It just sucks when you join a coop, sometime players will randomly kill you. Graphic is good, aspect of the game overall is good. Only reason why its a mixed review is because the developer is not updating fast enough. Budgets...if I had money, i would support them. Give it a chance and play with some friends. I hope this game will come back alive."
,Recommended,236370,26011081,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,-Hyperion-(KIAN),it alright
,Recommended,236370,14483274,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ThePlebyPleb,"This game is pretty good. It has a few glitches that can exploited. But overall it's scary, fun and simple. You'll love it."
,Recommended,236370,5674721,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Glocknade Clipazine,"makes me feel like alian in space. is good buy. do not buy. do buy, though because is good pc. the gorden freeman is not good in this game however i must point uot. u will be able to play this game if u buy from app store"
,Recommended,236370,9993112,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Killermanwest,good game cant wait for some fixes to make it even better
,Recommended,236370,14435445,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fight Aaaaaah,"48 hours.  Played.  When people keep calling it ""vaporware"".  Folks, you keep using that words.  I do not think... nay, I *know* it does not mean what you think it means.Yes, they're slow.  Yes, they're small and have lofty ambitions.  Maybe you're just jealous that you don't?  That you keep doing your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job instead of daring to dream big?Or maybe you're just sad sacks.  Trolls.  Or worse.And stop calling this vaporware."
76561198071458065,Not Recommended,236370,16178139,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Six of Wolves,No.
,Not Recommended,236370,16190406,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Maranzintosh,"This game is still incomplete after very much time, and where the f**k are the landsharks??"
,Recommended,236370,10466762,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Kaxey,"Disclaimer: This review is written during Early Access, at Update 12, and I may or may not update the review as development progreses.So thus far, this game seems like the most promising title on Steam Early Access. The graphics, even now, are astonishingly pretty, and the game may only have two guns but the combat is still intense and thrilling. Dynamic map conditions (lighting, weather, wind, the map itself changing) combined with brilliant sound design. It could use some more ambient sound. I hope for a map editior and Workshop integration."
,Recommended,236370,31427283,Posted: 28 April,all,Arawn,"This game is really cool and involves alot of team work but i have one huge problem, i cant see the game menu. I dont know if it is only my problem or a general problem. (If the Game Devs read this please help me, i want to keep playing this game)."
76561198014386377,Recommended,236370,15839193,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,yham den frække',god game
,Not Recommended,236370,15621467,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Raven,"They've already laid off people on their teamThe updates are getting slower and slower as well as increasingly blandAnd most of the community seems to be in denile claiming it's still the best game in the ♥♥♥♥ing universe.But of course I'll change my review if that changes, I used to have a lot of hope for this game, I don't want it to fail obviously, I really wish the best for their team, but as of right now it feels dead, and that's quite a shame."
,Not Recommended,236370,21616867,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RyRice,"This game is too hard and confusing. The controls are stupid and the gameplay isn't good. In the first mission you are told to press ""C"" to crouch behind cover and you're to tall to duck away from the robots bullets. This game is S***."
76561198223217664,Not Recommended,236370,29661169,Posted: 2 February,all,raider45_1,"the game is ok. there are bugs, glitches, and other issues, but if you get passed them its kinda ok."
76561197987199439,Not Recommended,236370,30362437,Posted: 6 March,all,Narmy,"It looked promising and had enough content to seem like it was going somewhere when I first bought in a long while back, but after checking in on it every year or so and seeing no interesting changes or progress even during the span when it had funding, it doesn't seem like this game is going anywhere."
,Not Recommended,236370,30251240,Posted: 28 February,all,RelicRed,"Bought this game for a friend and myself years ago when it was first released into early access. It had a very small player base back then with only a few active lobbies for multiplayer. Now in 2017 the game is pretty much dead, hardly ever any updates and the updates that do happen are very small and do not add much to the game. there is no playerbase in the multiplayer.back when it first hit the early access scene the game had great potentionl, great cover mechanics and the shooting felt good when you weren't lagging."
76561198059624089,Recommended,236370,10296896,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,-Wojtek-,i love it
76561198142851327,Recommended,236370,14847577,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Supreme_Gentleman,Buy it if its under $5
,Not Recommended,236370,28021209,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ditzy Doo,"When I first came across this game in 2014 on sale, it seemed like it was going to shape up to be a game tailored exactly to my bizarre tastes. Unfortunately, with too much time being devoted to polishing existing assets, and a unity engine update that rendered much of the coding unusable, the game landed itself in development hell. Now it seems quite obvious that the game would have benefited with another year or two in development before hitting the storefront. Now the budget has been expended and the project is dead in the water.The game is deeply unfinished even if what is there is well polished, I would sooner look into making donations to the develoment team and hoping for a ""free"" copy than cash out the pitance they're asking for now that they've lost the player base."
76561198093719353,Not Recommended,236370,27757991,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,iansarmy1,"This game has become the stereotypical Early Access story, devs with an ambitious vision take in a lot of money via crowdfounding and Steam EA, then proceeed to move at a snail's pace with development while mismanaging their money. The game was sold on the promise of an immersive sci-fi tactical shooter campaign. Instead the devs blew all of their time and money creating a derivative multiplayer expirience no one wanted. Very little of what was promised actually materialized. This wasn't really malacious on the part of the devs, more a case of incompetence.  Now the game is for all itents and purposes, dead. The devs ran out of money, most of the staff has been laid off and they head dev is franticly trying to find a publisher to dump even more money into this black hole of a project."
76561198035808269,Recommended,236370,12742481,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Olympian,"This game is still in ""early access"" but it already features great atmosphere and very nice coop gameplay."
,Not Recommended,236370,21821964,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Seth lol,"How to make this game:Steal the ""A"" from Titanfall"
,Recommended,236370,14475900,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Doomsday Orange,"Alright, first off, well done devs! This game is fun, intense, scary, and realistic.  But it can get better: As of now, the only enemies in coop are robots. Yes they do give me jumpscares, but there should be more enemies. There could be aliens, and maybe even rouge human enemies.  When someone joins a coop game, they should span near their teammates, not at the very begining. And im not sure if this is the art style of the game, but some of the textures are too flat. Unless if this the art style, add more details to the textures. Oh and probably improve the pixelation of the shadows.Overral, great game. Once I get the money, I am buying this."
76561198057450105,Recommended,236370,15630105,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,✠ MALIK ✠,"the game is pretty good and atmospheric, just needs more modes and more guns."
76561198148485459,Recommended,236370,17183381,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Widfire,"This Game Is A Great Idea But It Needs Mod Support,More Weapons,New Outfits and A Better Single-Player But I Love This Game Even Though Some May Say It Dosen't Have Potential I Say Add Those Things And You'll Be Golden."
76561198089614158,Recommended,236370,17527775,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Storm,Great Sci-Fi FPS with amazing detail and emmersive sound. Updates are always coming out and adding great content and features!
76561198055833252,Recommended,236370,14549681,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,★Sтλттrλk™λngryPλndλ,this is a realy awsome game i realy enjoyed it for when it was free for 2 days and now i might get it for money like i know its a lot off money $14 for a horror shooting game u would say ''its not worth it'' trust me it is i loved that game i abseloutly enjoyed it ohhh yeah for those who like multiplayer or co-op or campaing this is a game for u
76561198130566514,Recommended,236370,14886551,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Heatmizer,"I really, realy love this game. My friend saw it and got obbsessed over it. He told me about and then I couldnt resist. Bought the game for $20. Worth every penny. I am probable gonna upgrade to spearhead for $25 some time because this game is awesome. I'm on a ASUS laptop thats around $700 and it runs epicly. Buttery smooth gmeplay and graphics, great enemy AI, and I can runonmedium shadow settings with virtually no FPS drop. Also, they're still updating it. Its already amazing and they're adding MORE. If you like games like rainbow six and counter strike, amazing sci-fi, some small jumpscares (the robots in the dark scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me), and a game that constantly is upgraded, then this is the game for you.I rate 9.5/10. Only issue is that its not complete yet."
76561198035777858,Recommended,236370,14962976,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Felonious Monk,"Solid idea with a few errors. Difficult to learn due to it's tactics based combat opposed to ""run at eachother and shoot"" strategies like Call of Duty or other games of that genre."
,Recommended,236370,14985692,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DakiniBrave,"A pretty good game, I did end up getting a refund a while back as then i was playing on a potato and couldn't really get into the game, other than that, I remember the multiplayer being really balanced though at times it was hard to see people outside.Multiplayer was active last time i played, though that could have changed.7/10"
,Recommended,236370,15996456,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Alaskan_Assassin,this game is one of the most realistic simulators i have ever played and good job on the graphics however some animations are still slightly blocky. if you like simulators and realistic first person shooters and kickin butt with friends then this game is for u
76561198050823170,Not Recommended,236370,20592149,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Neill Kiggers,Hasn't been updated in a really long time
76561198027857896,Recommended,236370,12752709,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ghost | Tongue-Tied,"This game is early access and you can't expect the size of a Red Orchestra or an ArmA III, but still this game gives you a great tactical experience. Robot running at you? You're dead unless you keep your nerves and shoot it in the Head. See an enemy Player frontally? You're dead. One bullet and it's over. A nice feature is, that if you take too much damage, your HUD will die out and all sounds will be muffled. Now you need to raise your visor, so you hear normal, but you have to play without HUD for a time. Currently there are 2 weapons, one for Long to Mid-Range combat and an SMG, both deal decent damage but are ineffective against more than one, maximum 2 enemies. There are a flashlight and a Laser Pointer, both make you an easy target but greatly increase your accuracy and the flashlight can help you, if the lights go out. The lights go out? Yes, there are dynamic weather and lighting effects and the maps can randomly shift their shape. Also, robots scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me."
,Recommended,236370,25633962,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,aLPha_tONic,IM is a good tactical FPS and i wish and hope that it doesn't die but right now it doesn't look good.ZPS is looking for a publisher. My fear is that a publisher will ruin the amazing game that it is right now.They don't need to change a thing only add content to it (guns/enemies/maps/etc.) and give us the server files and a level editor.I recommend it because if you play it in COOP it is good fun ... just not for a long time. If you play it solo it can be really scary.I got around 15 hours out of it which is a good enough value for me.
,Recommended,236370,9366739,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kez,"It's a great game, really fun to play it's just not optimised too well sadly."
76561198109099305,Recommended,236370,27196654,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Runesoldiero,"Great fun game. Almost no one plays it which is a major downside, and Ive heard there is only one dev working on it, But really fun and interesting. Worth the price.*Update*I see tons of people who have not even 2 hours experience saying this game is a waste of money and its dead, It is by no means a waste of money, especially for its very low $10 price tag. Also struggling isn't the same as dead.Yes there is only one dev working on it and funds have basically dried up, but he is working as much as he can to improve the game, he released an update not to long ago by himself. I have met the dev and he is fun to be around. I know of multiple and am participating in multiple tournaments on the game that i hope will bring more popularity to it again. Just think if this game boosts in popularity again the dev can hire more people furthering and speeding up the development of this amazing game.I encourage everyone to take a look at this game, even in early access it is still an amazing game and worth the price tag. If it were finished i would have no problem paying even $60 for this game because i know it would be so amazing."
,Recommended,236370,14451909,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tory,is good. my pentium dual core lags though... ='[
,Recommended,236370,32380191,Posted: 12 June,all,JusTpAy420,"I really like this game, it is so well done but took too long and the populaton died. Still great for the price.I play the coop regularly so Ill see you on there if you buy it, set on the hardest setting this game is hella fun!"
,Not Recommended,236370,12338397,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,explosivedeer,"Alright, to be honest the game impressed me with its handling of mechanics, visuals, and the story felt pretty interesting. It was fun to fight these killer robots in the little campaign scenarios they released, especially in full dark environments, but the lack of actual progress being made on the game's story, and over all development is a huge thorn in my side, and has been for the past 3 years. At this point I'd rather try and just get my money back and get something else worth my time.If the dev's put their time and effort into this at full throtal, the game could be somewhere by now, hell it could be a milestone game for sci-fi space tactical shooters, but at this point I don't see it happening with the lack of attention.Word of Advice: Stop making Early Access games, it gives the devs a reason to just stop working on the game when they receive money."
,Recommended,236370,16092228,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Whistleblower,-meets all minimum requirements-all minimum graphical settings-10 fpsggEDIT: nope i was wrong they don'tignore mechanging this to recommended if you have the right specs
,Recommended,236370,19260002,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Seoson,Promising tactical FPS!
,Recommended,236370,16542249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wavefunction,"While it's true that the development of this game has been slow (I believe I bought it back in 2013 but didn't play it much until recently), it has finally crossed the threshold wherein there is enough content and enough things to do to warrant the price tag of $20 (give or take). If you like multiplayer tactical FPS and care about innovative gameplay, then this is for you.Pros+ Core gameplay is very refined; it's obvious that they mastered this first then built the game around it+ Great first person movement/shooting mechanics (you have an actual body!)+ Innovative / original mechanics like a dynamic weather system, helmet-based HUD and so on+ Co-op missions are promising+ Hell Week is really well designed as a ""Battle Royale"" or Hunger Games inspired game mode - the size and diversity of the playing area blew me away+ Unique sci-fi setting, definitely a cut above the brown, military themed shooters that dominate this genreCons- Lacking in content: only a few weapons, Co-op mode is barebones, no variety for armour and loadouts (everyone looks the same and has the same kit) etc- Not very optimized, doesn't even hit max fps on powerful GPUs- No campaign yet, everything seems centred around trainingAll in all, if this is your kind of thing there is definitely enough of game here for you to enjoy. I can also vouch for the developers as I am %100 certain they will keep working on this for the months and years to come!"
76561198101250762,Recommended,236370,28339411,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Conga,"Im not going to lie, this is a great game. Fun gameplay and great comat. But no one plays online. this game would be so much better if i had people i coukd play with or against. I recommend this game to everyone considering buying it so that the online community will build back uo."
76561198068998015,Recommended,236370,26225342,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ryougi Shiki,I want to believe
,Recommended,236370,10548362,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Matt,"This game is an incredible exprience when it works the way it's supposed to. Various graphical bugs pop up occasionally, but they are annoyances rather than glaring errors.My greatest wish would be to see native triple monitor support for linux.I am very excited to see what the future holds for Interstellar Marines."
,Not Recommended,236370,7465631,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,"Interstellar Marines has met the deadline, gg."
,Recommended,236370,35134473,Posted: 22 September,all,BLoody®,"Still like it, very good community, and cool game mechanics. The Progress is slow, but Im still looking foward to the Updates.Im sure this game can make it!"
,Not Recommended,236370,28314180,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Gorgontulus,Started nicely - ended in boredom.I felt like something new in 2013 when I bought it. Today it seems old fashioned and dated. Levels are getting boring quickly. Gameplay and grpahics in todays games is better.
76561198141984426,Not Recommended,236370,35003562,Posted: 16 September,all,Lil Waffles,"Great game with great potential, the devs abandoned it and it hasn't been updated in over a year, if they just worked on it some more it would be a fantastic game. Unfortunately, there is only enough content for a few hours of fun gameplay."
,Recommended,236370,32226476,Posted: 6 June,all,ClassyGentleman,"Interstellar Marines is a game that I feel will have great potential, it just needs people to back it and get it through the development hell that it is going through right now.People say bullsh*t lies that it isnt playable, unpolished or just a mess, dont believe them. This game in its state right now is super polished and ready to play. Has multiplayer and Co-Op playability. The AI in this is super amazing, smart, not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI that the goal is just to seek the player and destroy the actor.Their is stealth, AI can walk right past you if the lights are off and not notice you. plus many many more additions.After playing 11.8 Hrs I can stand behind my decision and thoughts to say that this game is GREAT, has a great potential, no other games have ever done a game to this extent reguarding content and the role of this game. The main problem is that the developer need to have money to back this game, games cant be made for free, takes a team of people to make, and I am sure that nobody will work for free with knoledge of game design, as a game developer myself and working alone as an indie dev I can say that if I was to work for a company I would expect to be paid.In conclusion, This game has potential, has a vision that is amazing, and needs some love! So please dont follow some guy or girl who posted a review that the game is un playable and buggy as hell, just because they are buthurt they got owned by other players in PvP or AI in Co-Op. its pretty sad seeing people play the game for literly 0.8 Hrs and post a review that the game is horriable, obvioulsy they havent played the game enough the gain a review that is not biased and just jumping on a bandwagon of disliking the game because somone didnt like it.... pretty sad.~Stay Classy"
76561198035362883,Not Recommended,236370,25776275,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DeeBee Exists!,"Bought it, held on for a while when it got boring. They never added anything.I'd like my 15 bucks back, but too bad I've played more than two hours."
76561198023020777,Recommended,236370,15342450,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,THE CAKE MAKER,"It is worth the money,far betters than most AAA FPS games out there."
76561198043475713,Recommended,236370,14443796,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,FREE PALESTINE 9/11,Shot a robot in the ding-dong.30000000000000/10
76561198150565830,Not Recommended,236370,14441608,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Xtreme_Gaming,no
,Recommended,236370,13919449,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,🍁 ♣ B.C.Gamer ♣ 🍁,"Please help this developer out, this game has amazing potential and the team has been reduced to one dude. He's still trying hard to work on this game, so hopefully we can blow some air into the ashes and keep it going."
,Not Recommended,236370,15647376,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,マー、いい,my mum says this game is why i didnt get into uni
76561197977922337,Not Recommended,236370,14751131,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Attila,so i like the game and its quite a bit of fun. its very atmospheric and the gameplay is solid. the sound it nice as well but the sound effects for the guns is a bit boring.now i would give this game a better review (considering as you can see i quite like it) however whenever i play the game after about a minute in any mission the game lags down to a scrinching halt. im talking severly fluctuating fps and its almost impossible to play when this happens which is all the time. my machine has an i7 with a gtx 780ti so this should not be happening. the tutorial works but hey.so when its fixed ill re-review
,Not Recommended,236370,13209513,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Moostar,I no longer can't recommand this game. this was a title i was waiting for so long to get the update it needs. but with the game development  running out of funds and the last update that was over half a year ago. you are better off saving your money for games such as insurgency. its way cheaper and has combat quite like interstellar marines.
76561198062407955,Recommended,236370,30153856,Posted: 24 February,all,O-J-K-FORREST,i gotta say this game is very fun. i could evn play it alone.pros:-graphics are good-gameplay good-comunity not yet tainted-very fun-the physics are great-the mechanics of this is good to-the ai is really goodcons:-small comunity-underfunded-things sometimes dont match up (i.e. when you open your mask it dosent open on your character)-3 guns-1 enemy-no storyi think if it were to get more funds and more people supporting it it wuld deffinatly become something good and absolutley amazing to play... tell your friends about it... support this game... it is worth it
76561198063245160,Recommended,236370,29665831,Posted: 3 February,all,illPosedProblem,"More than enough game for $10.Yes, the game ran out of money, yes there is only 1 developer left.But. The game is really good. Most games in this situation would shamelessly 'release' with half the polish and content and ask for $30.So, what does the game have?Very polished mechanics (gunplay, stealth). And they feel very good and natural.Multiple game modes: single, co-op, multiplayer, wargames, missions, challenges, multiple difficulty modes. Plenty for some ~15 hours of single player, much more multiplayer.What does it still lack? There are some bugs left, and more content (esp. maps) would also be good. There is also a lack of visual variety - a single kind of environment, and a single look for enemies."
,Recommended,236370,34517213,Posted: 26 August,all,McShooty,"its was so fun when it was alive, GG :("
76561197989027490,Recommended,236370,21634451,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Reaper,This is a game with massive potential. The FPS combat feels smooth and I really like the feel of the hud. If only they added the land sharks that would be amazing. Especially if they made the focus on 2-4 man coop.Either way I hope this game continues on towards greatness-
76561198151187661,Recommended,236370,21655925,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tarthor,"if you want a fun shooter, get this while on sale. if you want a game thats true to its fans, and moves from early access to actuall game, avoid this game."
,Recommended,236370,26531703,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,King Coel 666,Good game if ever finished
76561198064112317,Recommended,236370,16406705,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HandsomeJack,"Awesome graphics just kind of cpu intensive. (very)Gives a survival horror experience at some times, and a shooter at others. I reccomend this game 8/10"
76561197971482266,Not Recommended,236370,14942222,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,GoreBringer,no control for mouse sensitivity
,Recommended,236370,10049552,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[Wiskie],make this like f.e.a.r online that be dope. WHERE THE SHOTGUNS AT ?!!?!??!
,Recommended,236370,16143669,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,d4kocan,"Nice games, horror survival :3"
,Not Recommended,236370,14174183,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Frosted Flakes Ph.D™,dead game
,Not Recommended,236370,35487200,Posted: 4 October,all,ActionCactus,"I'm still waiting to see where this game goes, but as of today I unfortunately cannot recommend this.Unfortunate negatives:The game's development team has dwindled down as this project has lost its funding over the years and I fear the existing team is misguided with what they're focusing efforts on currently.  The last major content update I remember the game getting was something called Wargames- it's a scheduled event that occurs a couple times a week and is effectively a battle royale. That's the only real multiplayer this has outside of co-op missions (which are polished but very barebones and, frankly, boring) and I've never been able to play due to how it's scheduled and not on-demand.  This was a horrible return on investment if you ask me.If you look at the Trello page the developers currently seem to be working on nothing other than performance and graphics improvements, bug fixes, and...character skins?   A recent dev post mentions how they're working on a Unity 5.6 upgrade making things ""prettier""...these are things that should be done towards the end of a game's development cycle, not when the game is barely clinging to life by the efforts of a handful of devs including volunteers.  Where is the additional content?  Where are the enemies, weapons, and game modes?  Where is the equipment?  Where are the *features*?Positives:I will say that what little content is here is in pristine condition.  In the 12 hours I've played in the past couple years I never once encountered a bug between myself and my friends (making the current dev priorities even more perplexing...) and every single feature felt well-implemented.  Guns have good feedback, sound effects are incredible across the board, visuals are great, player HUD is well-implemented and immersive, difficulty is good, netcode is reliable, etc.  The game is of high quality.Conclusion:The game desperately needs content and it seems the devs are prioritizing the wrong things, but when Zero Point develops a feature they do it right and I have to credit them for emphasizing quality.This guy covers a lot of my points:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTKMzaGhPKI"
,Recommended,236370,25802478,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Flakk Gun,"This is already one of my favorite FPS and has the potential to become one of the best.It has a quick and unforgving Time to Kill, headshots drop in a single hit on NPCs, a sensable cover mechanic, sneaking, running that can be toggled and an ADS that is a Toggle/press-and-hold all in one key. No ""Unlocking"" items you should already have (like a supressor) and no idiot drawbacks to those items that make no sense in the pathetic name of balance (looking at you Planetside 2)."
,Recommended,236370,24451533,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Imperial Jenga ✠,"Want to fight robots?Want to fight zombie-like robots in dark corridors?Want to find dead land sharks?Want robots to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you?Want to become afraid of loud noises?Want to be as stealthy as a rock rolling in a glass hall?Want to become terrified of anything that moves?Do you have easily triggered anxiety?Then this game is for you.This game needs all the support it can get, I very much enjoy this game and I would pay every penny I had to make this happy (I'm broke as hell)"
76561198050030782,Not Recommended,236370,20898457,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,jokerjinxing,I bought this game when at 39.99 and i am gravely disappointed in the fact that this game has moved no where in development for over 2 years now this is a complete waste of money if i wanted to by a tech demo i would have sure a♥♥♥♥♥♥brought a better one then this save your time and money do no buy into the story they showing they are just out to get peoples money this is practically a scam in my opinion and for the record this game has been in development since 2005 ... its 2016 now and this is all that has been accomplished let that sink in
,Recommended,236370,17546787,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Transcended Dick,"Absolutely amazing. Robots with infinite accuracy hiding in advanced darkness. They scream wubstep as they sprint full speed torward you to introduce themselves. As an action FPS, I wouldn't recommend this too much, but as a horror game... This game will have you crapping yourself a brick house to hide in, but that won't stop the bass dropping robots from finding you and mapping your face on the back of their hand. Death is not optional in this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,8770840,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,mills,"There is no reason to be playing this at it's current stage. You cannot crouch. There is only one weapon.It's a bland ""futuristic"" FPS with barely anybody playing it, you may as well spend your time and money in a better game."
,Not Recommended,236370,26736561,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ＪＵＳＴ,Just no. Don't bother...
76561197994686358,Not Recommended,236370,11042039,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cymdai,"I've only got like 15 minutes logged on this game via this account, but that's for good reason.Since when I bought it over 15 months ago, I've never seen *anyone* else online, ever. So, while I've seen progress on the visuals and new menus and stuff... I've seen 0 people playing for 15 months. Hard to know if a game is any good when you can't play it ever."
,Not Recommended,236370,23939799,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,sniper_at,"Complete rip off. Purchased as early access on 8/29/2013. It's still ""early access"". Do NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,236370,17344500,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Penguin Pants,"Note: This is a pre-release review, as of August 2015.TL;DR: This game sucks.  It's still pre-release, but after 2 years of waiting for it to show any noteworthy signs of improvement, I'm skeptical that it's ever going to be truly playable.  Don't spend more that $5 on it until after it's fully released and gets some good reviews (that aren't obvious plants by the developers).I bought this game in 2013--just after it was released--because the description, videos, and screenshots indicated that it was going to be a rewarding single-player and multi-player experience. I paid more for it than some FPS games that I've gotten over 200 hours of fun out of, because it looked like it would turn into a fun, peudo-realistic FPS, both online and offline.Sadly, 2 years later, the graphics still look shoddy, the multiplayer is still one-dimensional, and the single player campaign is basically unplayable. For example, you can't save during the single-player campaign, so if you die, you get booted back to the beginning of the mission, and missions can be quite long, since a lot of stealth is involved. Stealth doesn't work like it should, either. If you shoot a bad guy in the head with a silencer, and nobody is around to see/hear it, sometimes, the alarm goes off. When that happens, bad guys don't come through the gates, get airdropped, walk on from the edge of the map, or any other sensible thing; they just spawn in silently in random places and come after you. So, now that walkway you spent 5 minutes clearing so you'd be able to scout around has enemies on it, even though you had a clear view of all the ways they could have gotten onto it from.Linux support is one reason why I bought this game. However, 2 years later, it still doesn't work in a playable fashion. (The other paragraphs of this review pertains to the Windows version, which I've been playing on my other hard drive.) If you put the game fullscreen and start a mission (online or single-player), you can only look up, and when you move the mouse, it immediately reverts your view to a lovely panorama of a completely uninteresting sky or ceiling. This is a known bug having to do with the supposedly cross-platorm engine, Unity...and has been for quite some time. You can edit an obscure config file by hand to make it work in windowed mode, but who wants to play an FPS in a window?Physics and movement are STILL screwed-up. I could sort-of understand jumping and crouching not being implemented for the first year of public play(although...why?), but even now, you can only sometimes jump over low railing, rocks, etc. that come up to your character's knees. Also, when you shoot a bad guy, sometimes he goes flying off into the sky, because, obviously, that's how people go down when shot. Sometimes, when you're crouching between two obstacles with ~3 feet of empty space in front of you, bullet holes will appear in the wall-that-doesn't-exist in front of you when you're shooting or being shot at.The one positive thing I have to say about this game, so far, is that your character's body exists and moves realistically. Shooting recoils realistically, and reloading looks like what you'd see in a YouTube video of a skilled weapons instructor--not too fast, and not too slow, with bumps and clicks in all the right places. There are still only three guns, none of which are actually FUN to shoot (they don't make a satisfying/realistic ""bang"", don't have realistic smoke, make electric ""sizzles"" instead of bullet holes, etc.), but they do have some nice options on them, such as attachable suppressors, toggles for fire speed, light, laser, and so on.I get that the devs are spending a LOT of time and energy trying to make it realistic (as much as an enjoyable video game can be), but I think that they're focusing on the details to the complete exclusion of the sorts of things that make a first-person shooter fun to play. It's obvious that the developers love the game they're making enough to be totally meticulous about the stuff they think is cool--and that's great--but in order for everyone else to have a ""love of the game"", they need to ignore some of those figurative trees and get around to planting the rest of the forest.I've used a LOT of beta software, and played a LOT of early pre-release games; and few, if any, have been this bad after two years of public release--and NONE have been this bad for so long after the point when they started to actually charge money for them.  $5 for this level of quality I could understand, but $15?  It's still not a lot, but that price point means they're competing with the likes of Killing Floor and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, which are vastly better games than Interstellar Marines.  Honestly, if it were free-to-play, it probably wouldn't be played, as it is, now.  If this game starts to become worth playing before I entirely give up on it, I'll change this review, accordingly."
76561198048150340,Recommended,236370,20384361,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tony™,Great game! Awesome tacitcal gameplay. COOP is also fun!
76561198029086111,Not Recommended,236370,20938979,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cinder-chan,"This game could be good, but like everyone else, I check in on it every now and then. It's going nowhere. I expected sci-fi Insurgency, I got the DayZ standalone of First Person Shooters. Save your money."
76561198026805968,Not Recommended,236370,18094154,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Porn4Khorne,"I was very excited for this game two years ago, I remember when it was simple and uninteresting. But now you can jump! You can crouch! There is a tazer on your only weapon choice! Who the ♥♥♥♥ am I kidding? A mentally handicapped amputee with no arms could develop a game faster than this with his toes. It is taking the developers ages to add simple content, it took them almost six months to add a jump mechanic. The combat is boring, there is only one gun, two years into early access. You feel like you are floating across the floor rather than walking. There isn't a lean mechanic yet, oh, and there is no campaign mode yet, which if I recall correctly the developers boasted that they were going to have the best, most immersive co-op campaign in a scifi game ever. When you make a promise like that it is best to make good on it, because the community remembers♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, we expected delivery, not Digiorno. I have given up on this game, I'll probably die before they release the full version. Would it kill them to add ragdoll, and make the environment physically interactive rather than everything being glued in place? This is 2k15 people, we don't want our games to be like CoD 4 MW anymore. This game should be renamed, ""Development Simulator,"" but I guess that would require some actual progress wouldn't it? 10/10 Save your money boys and girls, Fallout 4 looks good."
,Not Recommended,236370,23330607,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Terran,"I can no longer connect to any of the servers on this game, after coming back to it when two or so years have passed. There seems to be no player-base and nobody playing it, ever, so my purchase is completely worthless. I cannot even enjoy it in single-player as it doesn\'t have anything remotely related. I also cannot request a purchase despite having below two hours on the game, since I had bought it in ~2014 or so. Extremely disappointed, I would -highly- suggest that you don\'t get this game. It has been \""Early Access\"" for far, far too long."
76561197999882861,Not Recommended,236370,26039960,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nightchills,"Been in development for 3 years now. Last time I played there where so many people wall hacking I simpley quit and uninstalled it. From what I have seen in the fourms there is only one dev left working on the game, This is another one of those early access titles that just failed. Its sad it happens but thats that."
,Recommended,236370,12571869,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Colonel H Sanders,"This game deserves to be released after all the hard work that's been put into it by the developers. Good A.I, co-op, gameplay, etc.Those robots though know how to make you scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the first time you're playing."
76561197979961681,Recommended,236370,22785314,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HexeR,"*sigh* 3 Years in Early Access, but still being updated.  Very limited amount of content, but the only tactical shooter that takes place in a genuine sci-fi setting.  It's hard to decide whether this game is actually recommendable because with how long it's been in Early Access, and how far the team still needs to go to meet the idea's they had when they originally showed footage of what they were aiming for, one has to wonder if they'll ever meet that dream or abandon it altogether.I don't regret my purchase, because it wasn't all that much to begin with, but I would say that it offers enough replay value to warrant the price-tag."
,Not Recommended,236370,20941545,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,XxUndeadStonerxX,"When this game was an infant it had huge potential as an amazing STORY driven as well as Co Op and more fresh and interesting takes on an old and now boring genere that is FPS these days where it is all online multiplayer and every player a ten year old or elitist or worse a ten year old elitist, now over five year later it has gone almost no where.  the idea of it not having CoD influnces or as little as possible was a great start. But the story that we were promised is not even absent it is ""There"" yet any player I know of has even been against the shark dog beasts that we have been give previews in the first year of devlopement. If Zero Point realizes this game needs the story we were promised and kicks their butts into high gear on it this game can be save yet in it's current state it is in dire need of devlopers to start caring about the game ESPECIALLY SINCE Zero Point Softwar's motto is ""For the love of the game""current rating from 3/10what this game is capable if given what was promised 8-9/10can it be saved? Yes it can and they can start by addingt more story I could care less about skins which is at the time of this reveiw is what they are worried about, what needs to happen is content that is not VS mulitiplayer hell even a more varied enemy type in survival mode would be nice"
,Recommended,236370,23686380,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JJ Stevens,"If you are looking a Run n'Gun shooter, move along - this much more tactical and while there are a few issues to be resolved it is worth the investment - SP/COOP is where it shines."
,Not Recommended,236370,29350203,Posted: 18 January,all,Corruptmagician,"Broken Promises, Dead development  and loss of interest. This game was promising at first, but over time it became clear that the devs changed their minds on what to focus on and as a result nothing that would have made this game unique and worth people's time, has made it into the game."
76561198013674031,Not Recommended,236370,10400600,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,|MW| DabFalken,"Why did I buy this game? Played it once, dont get it."
76561198054000081,Recommended,236370,15891759,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,tVå // Serafine,"If Unreal Tournament and Operation Flashpoint had a baby it would look something like this.I like the Multiplayer domination mode matches, especially the parts were you sneak around in pitch black darkness, flashing every 10 seconds with your flashlight so you don't bump into walls. This is not a game where you run around with guns blazing, it's a stealthy game were you sneak a lot, hide in the shadows (or bushes) and try to see the enemy before he 4sees you. If you get hit by anything you usually die instantly but that's actually great and makes the game very intense.Respawn timers are a bit high but it's still a lot of fun.Coop matches could be a bit more intense, they feel kinda lacking compared to the real multiplayer."
76561198100866163,Not Recommended,236370,16276716,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,tea,"I WANT A REFUNDDon't buy this game, I thought it was fun but it turns out to be a game that should be compared to grass simulatior! This game lacks content, if you want to play with the same two teams with the same two sides with the same two guns then go ahead. This is not worth $19 because of that and becuase its been released 6 years ago yet almost no one plays it. The playerbase has fallen faster then the twin towers.And devs, go make something useful.EDIT: Still not worth $10, but at least has 3 guns.....Oh and the trailer is not even close to the real game."
,Recommended,236370,22200986,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,pajeet,There isn't a whole lot in the game but what is there is perfectly polished and enjoyable
,Recommended,236370,271520,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Grim_2o0o,Tech demo: The game.I've yet to see a street shark.
,Not Recommended,236370,31205404,Posted: 17 April,all,mememachine,Thats 25 dollars I`ll never get back
76561198029076482,Not Recommended,236370,8052190,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Space Lettuce,"The trailers, and actual gameplay don't match up. The updates are very very slow, even for an early access game."
76561198053550931,Not Recommended,236370,8162904,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mr. RunningMan,"Never play this game, the develpers state in every update ""more imerse experience"" but the gameplay is terrible. I really like it when in games its pitch black and my flash lights does not help at all, I also like it when in a first person shooter I cant kill a single person on 1 of the 2 servers that have players on it (3 on each), the server are also laggy beyond belief. I cant belive that they are charging 15 dollers for a game that is this early in development."
,Recommended,236370,22073906,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Eric Harris,"I found this game purely by accident, and it's fair to say I'm happy with what I boughtFirst of all, lets get down to basics:You're some kind of super cool glactic marine guy who is like Rambo of the universe, so hey you get a fitting job (neato). you do some training and you do the usual press W to move forward, press Space to jump blah blah blah... so you think youre doing pretty swell and youre playing the campaign and it seems pretty co- BOOM LEFT TURN. you get thrown into an area where stealth is key. No stealth, no life.This ain't no Call of Duty bullmanure, it's all down to you. YOU have to reload, YOU have to put the suppressor on, YOU have the choice of what to do and how to do it.This is what makes the game worth it, It opens the box for you to decide what to doCurrently because its not well known theres like 15 players online at any given time, so the community is pretty smallIt is 100% woth the buy and if this gets more popular then we may see the game go in the right direction and get the light it deserves12/10 would recommend to toddlers"
,Recommended,236370,22152807,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,XxX_NanShanker420_XxX,its actually pretty lit69/69
,Not Recommended,236370,13844275,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Piruka,"Wait until it gets out of early access, why I'm doing this kind of review right now? Because players can't even host their own servers. I know the devs got concerns about security and hacks but come on this is just ridiculous, this kind of thing never stopped hackers from games ever, I can't even have a little fun with my friend on early access because all I can find are some♥♥♥♥♥♥easy difficulty official servers and no one with the campaign I'd like to play. Game has potential but a basic thing like hosting a server needs to be in the game as soon as possible, even in an early access game. How can we help the game progress if we can't play with out fellas on our own server?"
76561198076566364,Not Recommended,236370,6830709,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Little China,"I didn't play this game long , but from the 3 mins i played i can say this its a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥no one plays this game and when you do find someone and look for something to kill nothings there"
76561198016365082,Not Recommended,236370,8889312,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Demosthenes,"Bought this game at least 6 months ago, nothing has changed... 3 people playing online. Don't waste your time or money.."
76561197995949845,Not Recommended,236370,9049002,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Samhain,crrraaapp
76561197984296986,Not Recommended,236370,8515887,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tilt,"Don't buy, FOR A FPS THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST IN THE GAME. Worst controls, no ammo, no secondaries, only a primary assault rifle. No CROUCH --- I know this crappy game is in beta, BUT NO CROUCH IN A FPS?! That's like not having jump in a platformer. Please think before you make crappy games."
76561197983633906,Not Recommended,236370,13611839,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[SMB] DaRAGE,Well made for a very small team. Worth buying? Not unless you can wait 10 years for it to be finished. It now has singleplayer. Its crap. It now has multiplayer. No people online in the servers in my region (Australia). Graphics....Semi crap. Semi alright
,Recommended,236370,14475936,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,lowlifeR,like skyrim in space
,Not Recommended,236370,15463820,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Victor Charlie,Development is so slow that this game will never lift off from alpha phase.
,Recommended,236370,34326502,Posted: 18 August,all,TSP -Logitech G-,cool game even if no one plays it :)
,Not Recommended,236370,30496989,Posted: 13 March,all,Water,RIP
,Recommended,236370,24196569,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zeklandia,They've made an incredible amount of progress in the time that I have owned the game. It only gets better!
,Recommended,236370,34880345,Posted: 11 September,all,slant,good game
,Not Recommended,236370,19297011,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Krystal,"The game was great. I purchased during the EA phase and it looked astounding in terms of atmosphere, the combat element was well executed and it showed great promise. Nowdays I cannot find any players on the servers. The game is pretty much dead."
76561197991716817,Not Recommended,236370,19575997,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MassiveKillzone,game is lame
,Recommended,236370,19641776,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Francessco,"This game is very fun and has a ton of potential. However I'm not too sure what the devs are doing at the moment, may want to wait if your interested."
76561198128529331,Not Recommended,236370,19568641,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,8-Ball,I keep hitting holes in the map
,Recommended,236370,19628302,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,RaelkcoL ☆,Has potential to be a great sci-fi tactical shooter. Definitely still Alpha. :3 (needs jetpacks)
,Not Recommended,236370,21038402,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dejaime=D-Newbie,This game is actually not being developed.Will not be released.Do not buy.
,Recommended,236370,7905459,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,bryan_a_b3,"Game is still in development from when i played it, but rather innovative online shooter. Very interesting battlefield effects."
76561198125285003,Recommended,236370,12859867,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Caes | pvpro.com,Simply EPIC This is amazing game..But it would be nice to have new maps..Thank you I would recommend this to people who like call of duty and black ops and firstperson shooters...
,Recommended,236370,16375595,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jedimatt02,"Great tactical gameplay, great graphics, great level design. What more could you want from a tactical FPS?"
76561198161988018,Recommended,236370,20453383,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hiype,"Played first game, freaked out by bots.  First multiplayer game, went face to face with a enemy and flinched.The only game that gives me a cold sweat when the lights go out.10/10 freaked me out!"
,Not Recommended,236370,15208181,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,badwinkles,Na
76561198055877982,Not Recommended,236370,35480496,Posted: 4 October,all,Master Sergeant,Never ending early access
76561197972652755,Recommended,236370,17404248,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bazinga !!,"a very cool game that is being actively supported by the developers, just wish they would move faster!!!!!"
76561198093957990,Not Recommended,236370,19778404,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nova715,Not Worth it...
,Not Recommended,236370,14764069,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tentacles and Happiness,"This game has been in development since... forever. The situation doesn't look good. Do not buy, the price is not worth what you get right now and there are even doubts if this game is going to ever get finished.EDIT: Why is this still on steam? It's abandoned"
76561198013245692,Recommended,236370,8938368,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Caseyetf32,this game has the potenical to be amazing right know there is only little updates but i cant wait for the shark aliens so right know i would give this game 5/10
,Recommended,236370,15843219,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,If they make this two to four percent better I will play it like how I play counter strike. It's more like natural selection without aliens but the combat is clearly the focus.
,Recommended,236370,9810633,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Wolf of Ball Street,They have had major improvements it is a pretty scary game (It's not a horror game though) with great visuals I hope they keep adding content. It's propably now worth the money. You should get it if you like sci-fi or tactical shooters.
,Not Recommended,236370,18103538,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mrono,"The game is 'ok', doesn't seem to have much to it to keep someone playing.  I'm concerned that it still doesn't support the 21:9 aspect ration"
,Not Recommended,236370,10374503,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,bread.snake,"It's fun, and I like to play it, but for this game I really recommend you just buy it when it's more ""done""."
76561198069472033,Not Recommended,236370,20919419,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BrothaKurk,It's a big lie. Don't give them another penny!
,Not Recommended,236370,18332451,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[BLD] Wolfe,Latest patch made game unplayable. Would not recommend until problem is solved.
,Recommended,236370,17498205,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Crispin007,Great game but needs more weapons to expand.
,Recommended,236370,14438096,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,sneet,"It's like the movie ""Aliens"" but in space!"
,Not Recommended,236370,25347823,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Tapeshoe,"Had this for over a year, the updates though consistant don't add enough and I this point the player count is too low to stick too it in its current state."
,Recommended,236370,17920623,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Doctor Toboggan,Shotguns Plz....
76561198261176544,Not Recommended,236370,30385402,Posted: 7 March,all,okb,"omfg! bots is very ""smart"". 10 stupid robots of 10"
,Recommended,236370,17834585,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,theguywhostengu,"This game isnt just a FPS, it's also a slight horror game.  Trust me when you play some of the co-op missions or single player missions you'll find out. I love it though!!!"
,Not Recommended,236370,31179671,Posted: 16 April,all,The Rainman,cant input right and left arrows as strafe. cant input mouse scroll up for reload. Fix this.
76561197965013783,Not Recommended,236370,31595956,Posted: 6 May,all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,been going outside of steam for more than 4 years and needs to be taken of  steam biggest con evereven bigger con than no man sky do not waste youre money and steam take it of
,Not Recommended,236370,14883690,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Backy,"Updates come in every few months and change very little in the way of content.It's not worth the money in it's current stages, and it's very much looking as if this game will never be finished."
,Recommended,236370,30474738,Posted: 12 March,all,Kurtisone BadTrip,Give some love!
76561198118607823,Recommended,236370,18729443,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lavernius Tucker,I love this game I just wish more people played it. SO BUY IT PEOPLE!!!!!!
76561198097430457,Not Recommended,236370,9787674,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,[R] Warmir,NO !!! just wait....
76561198076317503,Recommended,236370,20063429,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,True life.,Okay. well iv hardly played this game its good fun if you have a good headset that has surround sound then this is a must buyi got this when it was on sale so ($8.49)--but full is like( 16 )there are no ppl online i dont think at least when i tryed there were not. but the singleplayer is really fun.--(you get a SMG and a pistol aswell as a AR) so you dont have many guns but they all work as ment to -- all expcet pistol can be use with a silencer useing Q keypick up this game on saleor if you like realistic shooters then just buy it outright.
,Not Recommended,236370,14894093,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Callsign DickButt,"WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY! You can only play the demo, there is no in-game menu, NOR any menu at all! Waste of my time and money and I WANT MY MONEY BACK!"
,Not Recommended,236370,34958197,Posted: 14 September,all,cujo515,Dead game
76561198042280243,Recommended,236370,23143552,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,General****Sparksy,Get this game i sware you will like italthogh the robots scare the crap out of me
76561198037080732,Recommended,236370,17223921,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Really good game, incredibly promising! 100% worth a try!"
,Recommended,236370,19433505,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,jarvisAI19,"Of what I played I really loved it, exactly what an FPS should be.will update when have played more"
76561198151722772,Not Recommended,236370,19597478,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,putis,there is absoltly no servers that have playes
76561198137988897,Not Recommended,236370,16331099,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ExecutionerM,"This game is full of new ideas obviously, but too new to enjoy any of this!"
76561197980865321,Not Recommended,236370,26600315,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Shotgun,"They stole money with this game...don't bother.  The game is nothing like what was initially promised, they spent more money on their advert video!"
76561198032289570,Not Recommended,236370,22032051,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Derp Dolphin,"No replayability to it.. finish all the crappy co-ops a couple times laugh at the ""Zombie"" drone AI. Crouch here stand here objective multiplayer.. then your done anyone could finish this game in half the time the average person gets tired of COD. Its been years this game will never leave Early access in aquallitypeice or at all.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author...They focused so much on little insignificant details in the name of ""immersion"" that they forgot to make a game with content.10-15-16Game is now dead avoid it like the plauge should have seen it cominglast real progress was made 5 months ago last progress update was 4 months ago. Do not waste money and expect it to finish."
,Recommended,236370,18211310,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,xeno_chamber,Love the terrifing AI and CO-OP
76561197999814419,Not Recommended,236370,8746176,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Immortan Jonny,"I wouldn't recommend this game solely on the fact that I bought it on sale under the idea that this was a single player shooter as advertised. I'm not a fan of multiplayer shooters, but single player, hell yeah. Yeah you can go into the levels in sandbox mode, but thats sandbox mode, there isn't anyone to shoot in the face. I even would have settled for the creepy little girls from the shining to be around the corner to wreck my day, but at least then I would have had something to shoot at. Granted this is an early access title so maybe in a few months my opinion will change, maybe some one will even read this and put the shining girls in and make/ wreck my day, but for now its a no."
76561197978283836,Not Recommended,236370,9651932,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Hugegay.exe,As much as I like this game and the concept I can't reccomended. I feel like it is being shown off as a finished product but there really is no reason to buy it now unless you wantto fund the development. It is hardly a game at this stage.I wish I had known what I was getting into when I bought it but at this point I'm pretty pleased with the progress shown and I am counting on a quality product in a year or two when development is closer to being finished.KNOW WHAT YOU ARE PAYING FOR BEFORE YOU BUY
76561197995735980,Not Recommended,236370,9655805,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,¤MonK¤ Werwolf,"DONT BUY THIS PEICE OF CRAP. I GOT SUCKERED IN, DONT BE LIKE ME."
76561198084012232,Recommended,236370,17745619,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Grumpy The Grimmy,"When i first got this game it looked cool so i downloaded it and whanted to see if it was worth the download, and it REALLY was! when i played wich has been a while it had some really cool gamemodes. one of them scared the crap out of me because of a robot that would run full speed at you on sight. but overall it is a really cool game, and i think you should check it out."
76561198066919836,Recommended,236370,22059905,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,PINAPS,"here is a list of the things i think can make this game better . i know that alot of this stuff is being worked on but this is my review on what needs to be done so far.-more customization, make the soldier and weapons completley customable.-unlocks (on everything) (within reason)-wide variety of weaopns-voices-genders-more of and objective on maps/modes-easier identifies on teamates-overlying story-vehicles?-emblems-more of an importance on tactics !-lockers (for unlocks and such) ( own menu)-lore-classes-a little bit of fast gameplay-easier coms-more to be added"
,Recommended,236370,23387152,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Big Daddy Krabs,Fun FPS! Recommend it for casual FPS players not hardcore
76561198069691963,Recommended,236370,23767500,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScarletVoid,"The game is well made for it being a indie title, but knowing that the amount of content is lacking a fair bit for both single player and multiplayer. One other issue that must be brought up is the player population that actually play the game, the number is very few and that maybe because the actual lack of content. Knowing all of that if your willing to put that aside the gameplay is well made and the enemy AI is the best I have ever fought against, they are smart and try to flank you when ever they can and if you use your flashlight or laser they could see it and than see you, as well as the surpressors actually are able to be heard if they are close enough. The plans they have for the future of this game seem promising but knowing that it may go up into flames. By no means do I hate this game if anything I love it but knowing that there are its issues that need to be adressed and I could recromend this game if your looking for a new experience or if your willing to support the game, for ten dollars US it may not have a large amount of content but would still be worth the price if you have money to spare sense I know how tight ones budget could be. If you don't purchase it still keep a eye on it for the future of its development."
,Not Recommended,236370,10385289,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Wesley,"Too few meaningful updates. The game also upped its pricing, despite any obvious improvement. The most they've added over the last several months is a spotty cover system and a few unfinished maps. These things should have taken under a month, with a two month insane maximum - but it took them around four or five months. So far, my problem isn't with what the game could be, it's with the fact the devs don't work efficiently enough (or work at all, I'm not sure) to ever reach the end goal."
,Not Recommended,236370,10394960,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Hazza reads playboy articles,its not a very good game with all thestuff its not true with what they say it a great idea but it needs a lot of work and money
,Recommended,236370,12494400,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ramona Flowers,Its a good game but it (for me at least) stoped working after the nuro gen update
,Not Recommended,236370,19758709,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DucreuxMeme,Pretty boring FPS.
,Not Recommended,236370,10642028,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,terra,♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,236370,12591901,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Cloudvoid,much scary very spook. 3spooky5me
76561198049112949,Not Recommended,236370,10373122,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Chaos,Bought this game for me and a friend several months ago and was unimpressed trailers showed coop and story elements but all it had was a very lousy deathmatch
76561197969299588,Not Recommended,236370,10095875,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,bdmann,"WARNING, WARNING, WARNING!!!  This is not a ""game.""  It's a set of environments that that developers have created with no interactions, AIs, objectives, etc.  You just walk around the environments.  For this I paid $15?I'm hope it will be a good game once it's a game and not a prototype."
,Not Recommended,236370,9869034,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Wiimustdie2014,Not worth the money yet at all
76561198103523466,Not Recommended,236370,10370153,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,not-Nasir,"This game has great potential and the plot is amazing but the developers are extremely lazy.It took them months just to add a new weapon.Every patch released barely brings anything new.The gameplay is ok and the graphics are good,but the game just gets stale after a while of just running around in the dark shooting.On the other hand,IM has great mechanics such as enviromental changes(mainly the pitch black change) which provide a new challenge.This game will be great but DO NOT buy it now as it will just sit in your library as it does in mine."
,Recommended,236370,12650232,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,❄Guitardude❄,This might be a new COD game!
76561198072793384,Recommended,236370,18238928,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Arlo the Big Island,This game is a return to old school science fiction FPS's with a more realistic ideas. It is not colorful it has a more bleak colors used and it has interesting lore and gun play. You have to use tactics and actually aim not just do a 100% point accuracy you have to know how much your running since it will control your aim. It is in early access and not many people play it but jump into the three servers being played or get some friends and play. I give it a 7.5/10.
76561198048965698,Recommended,236370,7630387,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,"Fun but, some updates would be nice."
,Not Recommended,236370,10009076,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Lave,If you like running around being killed alot by folk using hacks then this game is for you !
76561197999589024,Recommended,236370,18346048,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Eshir,it was lots of fun!
,Recommended,236370,11439735,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, it needs lots of work... but the foundation of this FPS is pretty solid... hoping to eventually see the singleplayer portion of the game come to life."
76561198012610173,Not Recommended,236370,20359825,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Genoscythe,"After so much time the game is still only barebones. Only the most basic weapons and it seems that they rather made a multiplayer-shooter instead of the coop-game with RPG-like progression they promised.Development takes way too long for this one, many promises and they delivered as good as nothing. I know quality takes its time but I own this game now for a lot of time and not much has changed.On the positive side they did not abandon it yet and it seems they are still working on it."
,Not Recommended,236370,16254927,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,QuitStalinAround,"Absolutely stunning design, and the gameplay is pretty decent. It's been Early Access for quite some time, and yet new content is rarely added. There are only two or three ""story missions"" and perhaps two multiplayer maps, but that doesn't matter all that much, because the game is dead. I got on right before i wrote this, and there wasn't a single person in any of the servers. There are less people ingame than STALKER Clear Skies. Also, get Stalker Clear Skies. It's a better, cheaper game, and it's much more fun."
76561197968661991,Not Recommended,236370,14477033,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TPD23,Complete garbage.
,Not Recommended,236370,5537109,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Golde,"Pointless waste of time and money, do nut buy.Project's been going on for over 5 years+ and made laughable progress. There're only 2 available guns, absoultely no progression other than ""Training Points"". Extremely resource intensive for a pathetic pile of code.Half the features promised in the trailers are mere concepts that won't even be ingame for the next few decades."
76561198091123994,Recommended,236370,11039480,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ma33r,This game is Awesome!!! It is one of my favourite games!
,Recommended,236370,12341130,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Tobiky,"This is remarkebly good, and as it's still in alpha I'm amaced by the graphics, lightning, physics, mechanics etc.As the singelplayer just came out, I love it even more. The worst part about it is playing singleplayer alone when you have nightmares about robotic dolls. Horrying. And that there isn't a saving feuture yet.Recomend it big-time though. Even if the steps are small in the development you get a huge enjoyment on every update!"
,Recommended,236370,9044603,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sepholophoid,The game has indeed undergone multiple changes.
,Recommended,236370,12467093,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kikokuma,"With the recent updates they are starting to add PvE content into the game finally which i have been looking forward to the most about this game. So far... it's really well done. But really the best part about this game is, it is freaking beautiful. Graphics wise it looks fantastic, but also the whole atmosphere and lighting is the best i have seen in...  well in any game i believe.The devs are an amazing bunch for this game and i deff seguest you give it a try.My only complaint is, lack of content so far, but it is a beta game and with every update they are expanding."
76561198045338459,Not Recommended,236370,15781122,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Logi,Wait when was the last update?
,Recommended,236370,17591177,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lucerne,Door simulator 2015Pros: You open lots of doorsCons: There's not enough doors
76561198149559691,Not Recommended,236370,20730486,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Legendary,Needs more players and stuff added to be good. Otherwise i would recommend.
,Not Recommended,236370,10244135,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shroomazon,"Great idea on paper but poorly implemented. Do not invest any time or money into this, early access crap. No updates to it since I originally purchased it a few months ago. Abandon it like it's developers."
,Recommended,236370,7125107,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Νικήτας,Классная игра.
,Recommended,236370,12295069,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Folly Corp,With the Recent update including A taste of co-op I can say the game is getting good. the atmosphere is superb and the gun handling is solid... unless you're online then its wonky. needs some work on latency I think. if its on sale for less than 10$ is a yes. any more and you ought to hold off on that purchase
,Not Recommended,236370,21694917,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cl0udy,This game should be free. No one plays it.
,Recommended,236370,17219295,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Capt'n flanders,I liek it
76561198208011968,Recommended,236370,15085767,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Xtreme Force20031996,AMAZING!!! BETTER THAN COD!!! JUST NEEDS MORE!!!!
,Not Recommended,236370,15095093,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,prophat,
76561198136509948,Recommended,236370,27195349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bepith man,This game is on life support only buy it when it has more updates
76561198107969377,Not Recommended,236370,19728508,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,2B✠      ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Dont buy this game  i buy this game to my m8 and he just kill is self
76561197971100707,Not Recommended,236370,14161760,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,cubo,"boring game and minimalist... gameplay 2/5 , graphic 3/5 , tactical 2.5/5very low population on servers..."
,Recommended,236370,14468119,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Polska,Amazing 420/10I was too sp00ked and I diedRobots be crazy
,Recommended,236370,10330706,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SpaceGrass,"This game has so much potential, they better not ♥♥♥♥ it up."
,Recommended,236370,14757015,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Robb Banks,"This game is realy fun, the atmosphere is realistic and it just feels like whatever you are doing is for a good cause, plus on this one stealth mission I was killing the robot guards, I killed one and started reloading, then I heard some terminator footsteps beyond the door. Arnold Schwarzneger walked out and tazed me.10/10 -Terminator 5 simulator"
76561197992258385,Not Recommended,236370,20291343,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,thedavross™,The 2nd early access game i bought and again another waste of money well i least iv learned never to buy an early acces game ever again. Steam should start to knock early access on the head as it feels like you support a game only to be ripped off....(early scam) Change the name from early access to pulling your trousers down!!  early access means: we seen you comin now bend over!
76561198118520862,Recommended,236370,25334867,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wesler218,Great game with great mechanics. Just wish the player base was still there.
,Not Recommended,236370,15477309,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,WiFiN,"So marines. Much interstellar. Very update. Wow.Seriously, this game is still so raw, the paper for it's jewel box covers is still growing somewhere in the woods."
76561198031688662,Recommended,236370,13023100,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Checker,Incredibly well done. Can't wait for more weapons and gear for them!
,Not Recommended,236370,8496213,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gwinda,This was a mistake to buy... I really hope there will be a campain mode later on...
76561197972362028,Recommended,236370,28514963,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tjohn63736,"good graphics and story line , just tooooo long to go online"
76561198011952761,Recommended,236370,31353842,Posted: 25 April,all,DangerDolan,"Honestly, sure the development is slow, but it is so scary om missions and so much fun to play, my only crit would be that there is never anyone online. It is really fun and has amazing gameplay and graphics. I reccomend this to everyone!"
76561198023419482,Recommended,236370,18847529,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Noobazzah,"Shows a lot of promise, hopefully the devs stick with this game."
76561198057938562,Recommended,236370,19046619,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,BigDaddy_X,well for me it was fun to play so for me i sat 10/10 but then again thats just me
,Recommended,236370,18886537,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,The Lovely Alu,ten outta ten.best game.best game.
76561197970837684,Recommended,236370,18844961,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,3DShadow,"I have had a good go at this game and it's a solid game reminds me of the swat games (rainbow and S.W.A.T) and C.S (the original) of the 90s/early 00s which I see as the golden age of PC FPS's (though CS hasn't really changed and still great), Interstellar Marines is still in need of being fleshed out though is still fun to play. it has a small player base but I haven’t struggled finding a PVE match online with players so far.If I had to give it out of 10 I would give it a 7/10 as it will be fleshed out and dose need fleshing out but once that comes about it will be great to play and may slip up to 8/10 if it's done right."
,Recommended,236370,19052275,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Aw0,Worth every penny imo The atmosphere and realism are amazing in Interstellar Marines.
,Recommended,236370,17915521,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,adipose1913,"yes, the development cycle is slow. but this is literally 10 people doing something that they love, screw how long it takes them to finish it. Hell week is a blast, and as long as you have friends to play with, co-op is a blast. a lot of reviews say nothing is changing, and that is true cosmetically, but mechanically the game has gone from generic shooter to one of the most tactical games I have ever played. so thank you Zero Point for not giving up on your dream"
,Recommended,236370,33171090,Posted: 3 July,all,Dolagon,"This game is great. everything about it is smooth and honestly fun (if you manage to find anyone who still plays it) what isn't great is that the devs stopped developing it, which is why this game has such negative reviews.yes i recommend buying it but only if it is on sale."
76561197987031616,Not Recommended,236370,21353955,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,😷🌺CLOUT KING,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,236370,21339798,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DEUS VULT,"At this point, this game is a literal scam."
,Not Recommended,236370,29974311,Posted: 16 February,all,ODosh,"The base games was  alright, until a patch that made everythings unoptimised yet made the servers even worst ."
76561198123494000,Recommended,236370,32171384,Posted: 4 June,all,Tacticool Testicle,"This is a game with awesome potential...but work on it does indeed seem to have come to a hault.Overall, however, I recommend it.The multiplayer was nearly dead last time I played it...but it still has a very playable and engaging singleplayer. In fact, that's where most of my time is. Sadly, though, like most games, only playing singleplayer gets old. The last update seems to be from the end of December of 2016...just about 6 months ago. I love this Interstellar Marines multiplayer. How the environment changes as you play, how the guns work and look, the HUD and how you can toggle it. It's just stale now and needs an update. I do not recommend buying this game now. Rather, I suggest you wait until the developers start work again. Or buy it now and help them out with a bit of cash. Whichever you choose, I doubt you won't find something to like about Interstellar Marines."
76561198080399577,Recommended,236370,14459293,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Blue,"The concept is an amazing idea.whats neededThe possibilities for team elements IF they make the game seem like it's worth coming back to, but currently if you're lucky enough to find a game you just run around in the dark mindlessley shooting at red lights.There need to be much more sound improvements with a variation in sounds, and visual effectsDedicated serversVariations in player models and not just the same dull one currently.more possibilities like when you think you're the best of the best special force in the galaxy, you want to be put in an important situation, like conduct the excecution of a maniacal  dictator, with bonus gear for flawless stealth and precision as a reward for your tacticsa casual mode where you can mess around, and be able to mess around with iconic and awesome weapons such as an m60, or a russian mosin nagant, or a ♥♥♥♥in minigun, the possibilities are endless, and the more the devs open up to new horizons the better, because it will attract more, players."
,Not Recommended,236370,22801271,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JayusMaximus,"This game has or had potential.Pros:There is solid gameplay in this game.You feel like a space marine.There is a few guns that you use.This game also has a big premise on Flashlights,Laser Sights and Stealth.When I played this game,I felt like a true marine or some military personal.The sound is ok,I guess and the game looks really good.But that is about it on the Pro's of this game.Cons:There is no story just ""Hey you are a Space Marine."",you just complete training courses.This game somewhat plays like a DOOM or QUAKE game.You need a key to open a door,however there are multiple keys in the game,that you have no idea where they are.However,in DOOM and QUAKE,it is close-quarters.In this game it is in very broad massive areas.There is no fighting Space Terrorists or aliens or anything.They also try to mix up the enemies but it just fails to do so.There are only 2 enemy types:Melee(Or Corrupted CTRs{Combat Training Robots}) and the CTR's with guns.There is no melee or anything.They added some customization but it does NOTHING.It only changes the uniform of your guy.Multiplayer:There are a few modes for multiplayer.There is Hell Week,Co-Op and PVP arena-like thing.Most of the servers are empty and there is nobody to play.Unless you have some friends.The multiplayer is essientlly a ghost town.This is a game with potential it is just not used correctly."
,Recommended,236370,18268684,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dangerous I,"I was one of the first persons who bought this game 2 years ago. Why? Because it's the first 'real' FPS running on Linux. So I think it's great and very nice as an independent software developer to develop a game like this.Sure it's too bad this still in beta, but you can't blame the programmer. You can try to help improving the game yourself, by joing the community!"
,Recommended,236370,17110740,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ARC77xFordo,"Cool game, wanna see more of it :D"
,Not Recommended,236370,14485811,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/CamBlaBen,Amazing! Instant FAVORITE UNTIL IT WAS ABANDONED LIKE A RED HEADED STEP CHILD >:D
,Recommended,236370,12976392,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Metallic Individual?!,"In its current state, interstellar marines is worth the price of admission.The CO-OP is intense and requires teamwork, especially on the higher difficulties. There are also a few different types of co-op maps and, of course, more will be added later on.The competitive multiplayer is also intense since you die so quickly. In order to do well in multiplayer you must aim well and be good at sneaking up on your opponents to get an initiative (none of which I'm good at.)So I reccomend you get this game NOW in its current state because it is already a good game and can only get better (and more expensive.)"
,Recommended,236370,14441913,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,J. Wood,Every time i try to pull up the main menu nothing shows up! but the tutorial is pretty fun!
,Recommended,236370,5978655,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Feel free to die in Vegas,"Yeah , i ♥♥♥♥ing love it !"
76561197991171704,Recommended,236370,27059331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pierries,100% of future fin-time potential.
76561198124688371,Recommended,236370,34460238,Posted: 24 August,all,Rex,"A training simulator meant to prepare marines for.. Something.What is that something? Well, that's top level clearance, son.But there's definitely mercenaries, plagues, and worse out there. Something far, far worse.I haven't touched the PvP but the PvE is amazing and genuinely does a good job of making you feel like you're being prepared for something BIG.Unfortunately, while the game has its fun moments, development is slow. The dev team to my knowledge had shrunk to a single person. So understand that what you see here is what you're getting, and may be all you get because it is virtually impossible to finish a game by yourself.There is a reason why it takes 2-3 years for a single dev or a pair of devs to finish a 2D indie game. Something that is trying to compete with AAA beasts? Is going to take a long, long time. Unless some folks are willing to hop on the team and jump start development again, this game may very well languish in Early Access limbo for several more years. That's just how it is when you're trying to manage your own life AND put in the time for game development. Instead of having a whole team working 8 hours a day on the project, you've got one guy, who has maybe an hour a day if it's been a good day to try and wrangle out the snags in the code AND add more content.With a 10 dollar price tag, though, the PvE is definitely worth it. Every couple of months a friend and I still hop back on this game and run through the training missions just because of how much fun it is.The missions are difficult, and require team work to beat, and despite being a training simulation using drones, are sometimes genuinely scary.Enemy AI react to sounds and light, and themselves give similar cues to where they are and what they're doing. So be careful about your actions or you'll alert an ENTIRE BASE to where you are, and it won't end well.The AI are not stupid, and will not line up single file and charge in to your attacks like idiots, like they do in some games, like Insurgency. Be prepared to have quick reflexes!Although it's not hyper realistic, there is a definite push towards a more realistic feel with its weapons and combat strategy than most first person shooters, further pushing the difficulty of the game up, making it unlikely to appeal to your average CoD or BF fan, but those who want something a little more realistic will definitely find what they're looking for here.I give this game a thumbs up, because it has delivered, but keep in mind that despite the Early Access title, you may not get more content any time soon. So understand, again I must say, that what you see is what you get and may be all you get for a long time.Thankfully, with Interstellar Marines' impressive multiplayer co-op training missions, that's not a bad thing at all."
76561198084866275,Recommended,236370,29708436,Posted: 4 February,all,[PGR] Joe Stalin,"I love the idea but there are some thing that would make it even better. 1) Zero gravity combat. If they are marines fighting in space why not have at least one zero gravity area (with grappling hooks/ an ice axe like thing to grab on to stuff to stay still. 2) More weapons. Like why have to of the same gun but with a different setup, the pdws (the side arm and the smg) are the same so why not have like a space glock? 3) Melee. If Zero g combat is implemented then having an ice axe to use to grab onto a wall to get better stability would work great. It would also work great to bash in the robotic skulls of the training drones.I love the game. Wish more people played though:( If you add some of these features (ie. Zero g combat) you would have a very unique game, if you try to find anything that is a space fps you just get lame games (not this one) that take place inside the space ships, not outside, so really you guys could get there first and make a great and unique game.P.S. don't take all the credit *wink *wink *nudge *nudge"
76561198113742575,Recommended,236370,19595378,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,UnchartedSky,This game has potential but in its current state i'd give it a 2/10. The price needs to change and too many bugs.
,Recommended,236370,14463440,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ozone,"When a game has a warning for science fiction and shooting addiction, you know it's good."
,Not Recommended,236370,9655692,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,eleanor,"Fairly decent, however in its current state is not worth the money, even at a discounted price. I will see how it changes with future updates and iterations, but as of now I would not pay for it."
,Not Recommended,236370,10440254,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Lightblinder,"Definitely no reason to buy this game right now, there's only multiplayer and 1 gun available. There are far better first person shooters out there who are cheaper, this game has been on early access for a long time now, and pretty much nothing changed since then.."
76561198139222028,Recommended,236370,12097896,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Donutz,laggy but great
76561198069735601,Not Recommended,236370,10348049,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,woods,"""pretty solid game. but dosent offer much price. The devs are consistant on updates so I would advise buying it now becuase it will definitley be a great game soon."" - my review 20142016 review:This game is alsolute garbage the devs ♥♥♥♥in sit on there♥♥♥♥♥inactive asf with sad promises of updates, they have lied to the people who invested in this game as its now a shoddy multiplayer shooter with little to no other content. dont buy into this early access♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198055419405,Recommended,236370,12504910,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Max Stirnir,"Awsome Parents- no: blood *except cinematic*, language, sex, drugs - just shooting aliens, bots and people in co-op. If they play any bungie game they're good"
76561198110459343,Not Recommended,236370,9688371,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,uncle phil,it has a good idea but the game is not smooth right now in beta like it seems lagy
,Recommended,236370,16474591,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vortex Riker,I played it during a DEMO period. THe idea is promising HOwever it doesnt feel finished Yet. I decided to pass on buying it until its final.
76561198181674638,Recommended,236370,26167943,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Opilse,A very cool game but it hasn't got much content at the moment I hope they will keep working on it.
,Recommended,236370,16528135,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bee,a STELLAR game.
76561198094005135,Recommended,236370,27707836,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,(TDS) AtomicNeoKiwi,real good
,Recommended,236370,25788898,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Poob,"INTERSTELLAR MARINES!Ok, let me give some backstory. This game is early access. It means it isnt finished and is still in development. Unfortunately the game has been setback multiple times and is now in a situation where Zero Point Softwhere has 3 developers. They are in a financial crisis without an investor and dont have the money to support the development needed to ship the game at the times they have previously announced.Anyway.As a game, I enjoyed Interstellar Marines and will probably continue to play it as a whole. The gameplay is exciting and immersive and the graphics are stunning. Everything looks smooth and concepts of new mechanics look amazing. The wargames mode is already fun even with the miniscule playerbase. Multiplayer PVP is competative and fun and the COOP is also just as great. My only complaints are the small playerbase and the fact that the LandSharks have yet to be added to the game. I cant wait to shoot me some shark-dogs and run from space mechs with the full game and or upcoming updates. :) Keep at it Zero Point Softwhere.TL:DR The game is great but play it during times when people are generally not busy due to small playerbase."
,Not Recommended,236370,16800556,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Spooky Sterly,https://youtu.be/w3qjfQieg2w
76561198053799432,Recommended,236370,20518342,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Emaniplex,"I'm sorry, since when did taking time with something become a bad thing? Do you guys think the game won't go anywhere based on these Reviews? It very well may not, but that isn't because of the competence of the guys at ZPS, it's because of the lack of support they're getting.This game just came out with a substantial update that pits you against some A.I.s, and though it isn't much, just the experience alone is worth much more than ten dollars.It's for the love of the game. Quit taking a dump on an indepedent game company that had a dream. Sheesh.(CON: Not well optimized, but it's nothing a graphics-tweak won't fix)This game is taking a long-a$$ time to be made, but as long as it is actually being made, we should be fine. Quit being so negative.  :P"
76561197977069906,Not Recommended,236370,15755331,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"Only two or three guns, but they all have infinite ammo.  Also you fight noisy robots.  It's like playing System Shock 2 after you get all the upgrades.  Boring."
76561198039856731,Recommended,236370,14342142,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,v gud
,Not Recommended,236370,13034176,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"Update: The game was dumped by the devs. Stay out.Old review: The game is pointlessly fustrating. It is filled with cheap tricks that are aimed to create challenge. But the more you play you see that this challenge is unfair and illogical. Bots spawning on you out of thin air, invisible lines that make bots appear and disappear. Bots rushing on you from everywhere on a trigger. Bots headshotting you from a solid distance you can't even see them. It is a matter of chance whether you will win or not. One time you will be able to shoot down bots other time bot will gun you down even before you was able to press the mouse button. And it is really doesn't matter what difficulty you play on.The game has very interesting mechanics. Yet it is not possible to play it. Single-player and coop is owned by overpowered bots.I've tried so much to play this game and I keep on trying, yet I can't say I'm having fun.I think it is this frustration that makes people go away and leave game servers unpopulated most of the time."
,Recommended,236370,17412817,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Preacher,"Here is some pros/cons to why i would recommend this game as well as my own experiece.Pros- Realistic experience. 2-3 shots to kill or be killed (headshot always 1 shot) footsteps. Stamina, No spotting.- Graphics. If you maximize the graphics this game becomes beautiful and that will add more to the realistic feeling having the rain pour over your helmet to interfer with your vission or having the sun light up the map making it harder for you to play stealthy.-Variation in Multiplayer game modes.- Game updates comes quite often giving some new features and fixes to improve the game.- Maps. There are quite many maps to play on with its own unique setting. Desert, Arctic, Jungle. Even the ♥♥♥♥ing moon! On some maps when its night time, it becomes a horror story.- Campaign. they are not released yet but there will be a campaign, in fact 3 of them. and they are going to be awesome!- Hell week. Look it up, you will LOVE it..Cons- Not very populated. now there are alot of people playing this game but most of the servers are not populated at all. Though if you join a server, a bunch people will join in after a couple of minutes.- Weapon variation. Now this is an early access game so the amount of features are very limited. but as of now there are 3 guns that is playable as far as i know. There will be many more when the game is released though.10/10 To be an early access game and this amazing at the same time. This game shows great potential."
,Recommended,236370,17709429,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,LazyJack,"When played with a team this game is extremly fun, in the dark with headphones its all so♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself spooky (The robots are loud as ♥♥♥♥ and sounds evil as♥♥♥♥♥♥. It can be buggy at times and some events can only be activated with your whole team which can cause problems with playing with strangers.All in all an awesome game but can use some more maps but updates are happening!8/10Would go to the neo incident again"
,Recommended,236370,15192469,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,A pretty good sci-fi team-based shooter.
,Not Recommended,236370,10410792,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,🎃¡Spooky!🎃,Like bad rats. with guns.
,Recommended,236370,24070882,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ExtraShard,"Interstellar Marines brands itself as a sci-fi shooter, but in reality its a sci-fi horror shooter. This game has you either survive or complete objectives through waves of faceless, mindless robots who either shoot at you or run full speed towards you trying to beat you to death with their flailing arms. This game, In it's current, early access state, is pretty bare, and (at the time of writing) I understand that the devs are currently looking for investors and a publisher.I played this game on one of the free weekends about a year ago and absolutely nothing has changed. But that hasn't kept me from buying it. There are 2 main storyline missions that have Co-Op capability and 5 smaller Challenges.The first mission is Assault On Starcrown Aerospace, where you try to infiltrate a large facility with the robots shooting at you,and you try to get into the basement and steal some top secret plans or something.The Next mission is the larger NeuroGen Incident where you try to find out what the hell happened on a space station for a pharmaceutical company with most of it being dark with alarm lights flashing andmore of those goddamn robots that run at you.Aaaaand there's Hell Week. Here's a fourm post they made about it.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorWhat is Hell Week?It's based extremely loosely on the Navy Seals Hell Week, shaped to fit Interstellar Marines. You and up to 63 other candidates will be fighting in artificial arenas spread across several linked servers. There will be several zones, each with a different feel to them (winter, desert, jungle etc.).You will start off with almost no equipment and have to find weapons, ammo, med packs and other goodies. We are also planning for AI SARA to give you specific objectives (capture an area, neutralise this aspirant etc.). Actions you perform earn points, and these points are important because......after a set period of time the players with the lowest points will get kicked out by AI SARA. This will carry on until the last few players are left and declared the winners. The winners will be given rewards which can be used outside of Hell Week.So the aim of Hell Week within Interstellar Marines is to find the best recruits, and kick the runts out (no offense to runts, since I'm highly likely to be one of the first to be kicked out :P).Ohh, you'll not only be facing other recruits. There will be CTRs and possibly other NPC enemies as well.TL;DR: Scary sci-fi game is a bit lacking on content, but makes up for it with atmosphere."
76561198060557532,Recommended,236370,8290063,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GhostEcstacy,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YESYES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES...Yes!
,Not Recommended,236370,18318981,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Jackabm,Worst Game EVer.
,Not Recommended,236370,9682305,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bunni,"I'm reviewing what the game is, right now, in the store, as it stands. Not what it could be (too many dead end alpha games on steam store). Yeah it's in alpha, but how many buy a game to invest and have it sit on a shelf until release? If you are looking at this game for its play and entertainment value as the game is right NOW, then read on.Should you buy this?No, unless if you enjoy camping, or being camped, 1 weapon, 1 limited gamemode, no voip, friendly fire plagues, poor FPS, no networking code, etc. Limited entertainment at its present state, lots of potential, but limited as is.Furthermore, if you are the type that likes to spray, this isNOTthe game for you.  Again, there is no crosshair, only a red-dot scope. You HAVE to single or short-burst fire to hit ANYTHING, including enemies literally 5 feet away from you.Honestly, avoid this (unless you are looking to invest) until all the missing features are added, otherwise its a tech demo for ‘dynamic maps’. This game does have potential, but as it is...What is this game?In summary, at best, it's a single game mechanic ('dynamic maps') added to a team deathmatch oriented domination (where you have to stay and occupy a point, to keep it captured). Does that make a good game which you can play for hours on end? No. Does it make for a few hours of entertainment before placing the game in its final resting place, the shelf to collect dust until its patched to oblivion? Yes.Furthermore, disturbingly, the developer considers this nothing more than a foray into the game engine:""We are testing the potentials of a new and less expensive game engine (the Unity Engine).""Which says a lot about why the game is so featureless (1 gamemode, 1 gun), they have not ported anything from the other engine, just barebones.Nothing depicted herein the videos, is in the game, repeat NOT IN THE GAME.GameplayThe actual game play, is team deathmatch styled domination. You spawn, go stand-in (YOU HAVE TO SAY IN THE POINT, for it to stay captured and the enemy team to start loosing ticketswhich means pitch a tent and camp) a way-pointed cube whose location changes every 5 minutes or so. In essence, this game is camping. Camp the temporary domination flag, each second you occupie the point, the enemy team losses tickets, so keep camping until the point changes to the next one. Thats it, thats the entire game, a battle over whose team is the better camper.'Dynamic Maps' here, are simply an arena where the lighting (day, night, evening, morning), the weather (sunny, foggy, rainy), and sometimes parts of the map, change during game play but only every 5 minutes or so. Just frequently enough to break stalemate camp-offs.There are problems with the core mechanicsThe maps are well laid out, and very pleasing visually, however this is wasted on such limited gameplay, by camping. Halo style camping, players sitting quietly under stairs for their next victim, camping. The only thing that stops this, is the domination capture point changing every 5 minutes, and the resulting inaccurate weapon projectiles (because in all likelihood, the camper will miss their victim and end up the victim themselves).Friendly fire isONand if you are damaged, your hud, which indicates who your teammates are, goes away for 10-20 seconds. Sure, I can differentiate between teammates without the hud, but after a few hours of play, I can say that I've hadA LOTof teammates who CANNOT.There is NO networking code. Beyond the single weapon in the game being both wildly inaccurate and paradoxically hair-pin dead spot on accurate, the networking code, is non-existent. While moving, you are fairly invincible with the veil of crappy network coding.You thought BF4 had bad hit-registration, hah, wait till you see this. Your ping WILL determine your score. You have to compensate for your ping in addition to standard distance + speed, however, you cannot see your ping.As for the weapon’s accuracy, There is no crosshair, only a red-dot scope. You HAVE to single or short-burst fire to hit ANYTHING, including enemies literally 5 feet away from you and you have to be standing still (think CSS AWP but EXTREMELY unreliable scope and unscoped spray patterns). Trying to hit something while you are moving, forget it. There have been many comical moments where I find myself dancing-with and spraying-at an enemy whose in close proximity (within 10 feet), for several clips until one of us gets a lucky shot, stops moving and gets shot (moving gives you the protective veil of crappy network code, he who stops first, dies), or someone else shots one or both of us.Unity engine, even with a beast of a machine, I am struggling to get 30 FPS with very basic high graphic settings, which can be worked around. Understandable though, considering its alpha.Its it actually fun or entertaining?(see how I differentiated there?)Maybe with some friends on some external voip, but with strangers, nope, mildly amusing at best. Not to mention it gets eerily quiet with no VOIP, maps frequently produce unproductive gameplay (no one pushes the point so its a standoff of campers), and the narrator will remind you with an obnoxiously emphasized tone-of-voice every 20 seconds that you are losing or winning.By yourself, maybe, for the first few hours,yes, but it can be unbelievably aggravating (unproductive teams, friendly fire, no network compensation), piled on top of a limited demo, eh.I did actually have some mildly amusing ‘fun’ for the first few hours when I played it, but soon the aura of ‘dynamic maps’ wore off.The problem is that its not heart pumping as the developers obviously intended it to be (judging from how they describe the game themselves), because the game quite litterally IS CAMPING.“Oh YAY we captured the point, now we just have to... camp. Here. For the next 5 minutes. Before moving to the new point. To camp for another 5 minutes”..."
76561198053725428,Not Recommended,236370,16286551,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,stingermarine85,"Go ahead and use steams new return policy here, the devs have given up on this game."
76561198044752424,Recommended,236370,13908435,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,No,Have♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants multiple times11/10 would buy new pants
76561198066563752,Not Recommended,236370,24367918,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Shimshom,"There is not much to it, no real updates for waaaay too long. Not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,236370,8286612,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,clown piece,You can't even crouch
,Not Recommended,236370,30606600,Posted: 18 March,all,Sweeler,It would be good if people played it
76561198041074609,Not Recommended,236370,26300830,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,bubby,"i remember when i bought this for my friends to play for christmas, my goodness does this game still look the sameTHAT WAS 2 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS AGO YOU SHOULD HAVE SPENT YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY ON MAKING LANDSHARKS AND CONTENT PEOPLE WOULD WANT NOT SOME ♥♥♥♥ING HUNGER GAMES MODE OR ARMOR SKINS YOU ♥♥♥♥HEADS"
76561198026585978,Recommended,236370,23102366,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Deus,8/10
,Recommended,236370,25203952,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Templar,This game is amazing and it still is only in early access  but yes it does get a bit dull after awhile but hey if we help support the game and give feed back then together we can build this game from a shity house to a villa in Italy
,Not Recommended,236370,35074383,Posted: 19 September,all,MEKA ACTIVATED,this game has been dead for over a year... unlike the dev who sure like csgo and pubg
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,236370,30500944,Posted: 13 March,all,Jekkel,so much potential  :(
76561198028325214,Not Recommended,236370,19507519,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Oyo2,"Not worth the money, slowest Develop in the World. It's not advancing at all.Waste of money."
76561198054969141,Not Recommended,236370,8056427,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Rainbowman,"Right now there is one gun, a few abilities, and only multiplayer basically. If the maps were bigger and had more guns for multiplayer it, maybe just maybe, would be worth the money."
76561197972729524,Not Recommended,236370,9653956,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Perus_TC,You have the ability ro PLAY single player.....you just don't have the opportunity to enjoy it......Yet!Some of us older players actually don't LOVE multiplayer anymore....for obvious reasons.
,Not Recommended,236370,22815369,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Holo,"This game is dead, honestly never going to be updated, obvious money grab"
,Recommended,236370,10173088,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Zunkey,This game deserves more attention. Its going to be great when finaly done.
,Not Recommended,236370,13743642,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Karl Marx ☭,"Boring, bland, lifeless."
,Not Recommended,236370,23864083,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Konsu,Game is basicly Just♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198271892493,Recommended,236370,22485817,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Aspo100,"I love this game I dont think it deserves this much hate, but I would say the frame rate isnt great plus, add more content I would love to see more in the game! Another thing is you so need some kind of checkpoint or save point in the missions, so many times have I nearly finished a mission and died, so I had to go all the way to the begging again. I thing I would love is a way to melee, so many times I've run out of ammo and had a ctr (Combat Traning Robots) right in my face and me trying to reload. But yeah, I love this game I recommend you buy it and support the developers so all the things I have mentioned could possibliy happen. Its also very fun."
76561198055033401,Not Recommended,236370,16954937,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,LordyRankins,Worse fps ever
76561198036685283,Not Recommended,236370,8911401,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,LectoBU,A lot of money for something that might be worth playing one day.
76561197971868280,Not Recommended,236370,9173629,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,REINO,good start no end
,Not Recommended,236370,10408334,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tiger,"Do not buy!!!!This game is updated by devs only after a long while, I suppose when they so bored that they start working again. For a day or two. On the beginning they've had a cool cinematic with a shark type of enemy but I guess they were forced to remove it because people complaint that's nothing from it in a game. I bought this when it's been released on steam early access.And reinstalled it last week to check what they added.In short? One weapon?! OMG!This ""game"" is the perfect example of the dark side of Early access game. Where the devs have no reason nor will to ever finish this game. They've got theyr money. That's all that matter obviously.I guess the few positive comments are also bought by devs(created account and bouth the game to be able create some good reviews).So again. Unless you don't know what to do with your cash DO NOT BUY!!!!You've been warned!Too bad that games like this makes bad reputation of Early access games.Valve should do something about this. But I don't think they will. They've the money so why should they?"
,Recommended,236370,8578669,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scared Shrekless,needs work but is fun
,Recommended,236370,19748581,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cookie_Avenger_,yaaaaaaaaasssssss
,Not Recommended,236370,14081590,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,JayPee,"First off, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥for how much it costs, it would be acceptable if it was 5 dollars. Unbelievable amount of glitches. Options are really, really horrible. It just seems like they modded Left 4 Dead 2 a bit and were like ""Oh yeah let's call it intersteller marines"". I have a mostly high end PC, and my frames drop to 6 when I walk on stairs unless I walk backwards. Weapons, Call of Duty, nothing special. MMORPG based ""questing"" or whatever. This game would be fine if it was worth at least 10 dollars less. Considering this was released 2 years ago and it is still having glitches as simple as AI not moving, AI running in one spot, AI shooting but nothing hitting you. Really quite stupid. 3/10."
76561198106162987,Not Recommended,236370,9834890,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Don Pontonwe,I wish i could sell this.
,Not Recommended,236370,20773093,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Spooktuckcasper,"Feels like the developers have all but abandoned this game.Its been a few years now and there is still not any real features to the game other than a cool weather effects system.I had such high hopes for this game, but alas it seems to have entered the pit of eternal early access like DayZ and others."
76561198166101412,Not Recommended,236370,22031553,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ok͜isar҉u,"Deep under Nevada desert you are traning to become an interstellar marine, imersive gameplay ... Promises a lot isnt it ?Well, interstellar means presence in space. All you have in this game is 3 weapons, some crappy maps and worst ever robots, and yet NO INTERSTELAR.This game is just a cheap pvp with a big hoax for sales of imaginary concept. 3+ years in the making and nothing to show for - money grabers."
,Not Recommended,236370,17146615,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Princess Luna,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You being killed from nowhere and your gun does no damage.
76561198104060168,Not Recommended,236370,22694865,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,tribadizm,The product is simply not worth the exhaustive wait...
76561198176399111,Recommended,236370,22786848,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Duke533,amazing
76561198189198790,Not Recommended,236370,15706250,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,*****,Does in no way conform with graphical standards that you can expect for a paid FPS in 2015.
,Recommended,236370,14155297,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,amphibian,"""it was ok"" -ign 10/10good point-and-click adventure"
76561198018744215,Not Recommended,236370,29551984,Posted: 28 January,all,Marduk,"I purchased this game in early 2014, nothing has changed except the addition of single player.  Jesus, had I known that, I wouldn't have paid good money for it.  I was looking for a  substitute for CoD.  Not here."
76561198048694506,Not Recommended,236370,22278971,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DarksideModerator,It's been in early access for several years now.Should be self-explanatory
,Recommended,236370,21192280,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Genebris,"The game has barely changed in more than 2 years. But I sill rate it up because I want to believe in developers and this game.By the way, it's actually fun to play even right now, but it's not any close to what it's supposed to be."
,Not Recommended,236370,11112881,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Wanderer,"I have played a lot of FPS games and this has got to be one of the most amazing looking horrible games I have had the misfortune of buying. It feels as if you were playing a slugish Counter Strike game that had no guns and objectives that were less fun. What really gets me is the fact that the guns handle so poorly that it makes playing almost impossible. If you happen to be playing with someone with a better connection, be prepared to have your shots not register when you fire half a clip into them and then die in a shot. If you happen to have a better connection be prepared to run over the other team and have no real fun at all. Watch out because there is NOTHING that prevents enemies from camping your one spawn door out of your base. This is especially fun on modes where you don't respawn as normal. I bought this game almost a year ago and they have added some new levels and I belive a new gun (upping the game to an astounding 2 guns!) and not fixed the slow movement, the terrible crouching, the poor gun hit detection, the spawn camping, or the connection problems. If these guys were to make these awsome maps with their amazing graphics for a game with a system worth playing, I would happily pay them my money, but as it stands, they have an awsome looking game with no value in the gameplay. It is really just a shame."
76561198010200014,Not Recommended,236370,28109230,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Creeg,"Well,  I'm guessing it's another ""bait and switch"" type indie game by now. This has been in my library for a long time. I think I got it the day it was offered on Steam. Take the money and run scam lke many other ""early access"" games in my opinion, like ""The Dead Linger"" that I sadly also had high hopes for.  It looked well made and thought out, but failed to deliver anything to keep the community going.  All I ever wanted is to be eaten by land sharks. If this game EVER came out in full I would love it in a heart beat again."
,Not Recommended,236370,19234971,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Agent Wonderbread farmskins.com,"Garbage, would'nt give to a dieing orphan."
,Recommended,236370,25861676,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,darkpitgrass12,"this game is the best fps game ive ever played on pc, the limited amounts of weapons leaves it up to natural skill to exeed and the customizable suits and weapons are great, don't let me forget out shootable lights and hidng in the dark, this game is amazing and i hope it keeps getting better"
,Recommended,236370,23606304,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Chief Circumciser,"i bought this game back in late 2013 and 2016, i havent really played it much since none of my friends have it and i cant find a co-op server to play on. But with my 6 hours of play time i decide to reccomend this game. its incomplete but its still fun, i never had a time in this game that wasnt fun for me. I bought the game for 15 bucks back then, it went up to 25 and down to 10. Just buy it and try it."
,Recommended,236370,32652806,Posted: 22 June,all,kormit der frag,is fun
,Recommended,236370,16517000,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Snortingcokeagain?,is good but is sorta awkward
,Recommended,236370,12976249,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Solid Snake,Its been a year at least and still no sharks:(
,Recommended,236370,16721408,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dova McFaggle Punch,"Still bare bones and it has potentail, but its needs a change of focus in my opinion, less on the multiplayer and more on the COOP/Optimization thats were the real selling point is for me. Give it a chance, yet play with friends that were you get the most hours out of it"
76561198028551172,Not Recommended,236370,9796614,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Special Snowflake,"This game is really great, but at it's current state, not even NASA would be able to run it with more than 20 fps, i play on an alienware with core i7 and an amazing graphics card, but still i get around 8-9 fps ingame, its simply unplayable for more than 15 minutes, other than that, its a great game, but wait to buy it before they remove the lag"
,Not Recommended,236370,28990066,Posted: 3 January,all,Darth Taters,shiiieeeeeeettttttttttt
76561198086390106,Not Recommended,236370,16231446,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,FUP,no
76561198170402981,Recommended,236370,16315221,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Chang Ye,I have played a demo. it ok
76561198053366682,Not Recommended,236370,15070637,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Darkskyder,poor game play... lag... .. ..worst money ever... dont know why i just spend $20.00 for nothing ! ...
,Recommended,236370,10410044,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,TeamLeader,Gud Game
76561197970284162,Not Recommended,236370,9883937,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Caine,"Early access My **BEEP**After a year and its still just about the sport where i payed for the game, there have been no real development progress.I regred i spend my money to support the development of the game.... Money just wasted..."
76561198055837034,Not Recommended,236370,9894350,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Willie Dustice,Its a terrible game still waiting to be made better!!!
,Not Recommended,236370,14171857,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Everyones Favorite Fuckwit,"This game feels like a wanna-be family freindly FPS thats trying to be like Battle Field or COD, its graphics are amazing but its missing alot of content, wait a year or a half and see how it looks then"
,Not Recommended,236370,29324024,Posted: 17 January,all,NotSoLucky,Incredibly steep learning curve. Experienced players will curve stomp you before you can raise your sights. Would not suggest if your not willing to die over and over again
,Recommended,236370,18282626,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Harstad,"For the tactical shooter fan, this game is a must.  Zero Point has done an excellent job keeping the updates coming and its fun to see how far this game has come.  After this latest update I will definitely be getting in more game time."
,Not Recommended,236370,19797694,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AMB 10,"It certainly has the quality of a AAA game, hardy har har"
76561198013451192,Not Recommended,236370,19776922,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Trilligon,"She's dead, Jim."
,Recommended,236370,14452256,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Notorious,"For Early Access, this is one of the best FPS games i've seen so far, and for only €5,80? Why not!"
,Recommended,236370,17273504,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,scrungusbungus,"boot up the gamepress space at the start menutab out to pause my video, tab back ini went from the elevator to falling throug hthe map and entering space in timethat was at minute oneget back into game, restart tutorialget to the robots who shoot at youtwo go down easy, shoot the third onerockets into the sky and gets stuck in the roof, while his leg is stuck in the floorthat was at minute twothen it gets me to do a sprinting challengealright, im pretty good at holding shifthaul my♥♥♥♥♥up some stairs and down some hallwaysburst through a dooroh look, an enemyquickly dome him, he flies into the wall""use your silencer and sget through undetected, watch out for the alarm""from sprinting to stealthnicethen it tells me to go campingsomeone spilt their hotwheels in the courtyard, fire and♥♥♥♥♥♥is everywheresneak through, somehow go past the objective and to the exit, without getting noticedgo to get the objective, run into every single robotits okaythough the tutorial gives you invincibilityfinish missionfog horn goes off in celebrationim feeling pretty goodgo to do the first missionsneak over to a ramp where i can climb into the enemy baseget capped immediatly, never figured out just how many bullets i could takethis game is a gift"
76561198032349912,Not Recommended,236370,27901349,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,obhe,it worked for 3 hoursanother game on steam that works then gets patch then stopslike plague inclike universe sandboxlike victory at seado not waste your $$$
76561198047474674,Recommended,236370,23975875,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Edgar,"I played a little bit and can't say too much; however, the time I have spent on it was fun and unique, and it is certainly worth a shot. I liked it overall."
,Recommended,236370,14978245,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OrangePearl,"I loved the game, if it was ever like cheaper i would buy it for me and all my friends"
,Recommended,236370,15043281,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Furball,"Not really sure about this game. Needs some serious updates, BUT, gameplay i pretty good. Main problem is that it doesnt quite work properly for windows 8/8.1. other than that, its pretty good. (BEWARE THE JUMP SCARES!) :D"
,Recommended,236370,11926650,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,CubixTale,i got nuthin besides its just... FREAKING AWESOME ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
,Recommended,236370,25662033,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,lostfile,its just plain said that no one plays this game very often the menu gui is crap but other then that this game is awesome
,Recommended,236370,14421846,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bandit King,"Plays well On my laptop,Looks good,the lighting is really good..the gunplay is alright so far,The mood of it all is dark si-fi stuff and thats good..The worse thing about IM so far is the name of the game. Interstellar Marines is sooo Generic. It all takes place in a underground base I guess so why not name it something like Area 23 or Base 10, IDK lol..so good game so far but silly name. hope the Dev's keep at this cus its really neat so far and I would prolly buy it on release."
,Recommended,236370,32233615,Posted: 6 June,all,DusKy,R.I.P
76561198093369710,Not Recommended,236370,25250199,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,xD3MONICxSARG3x,"This game, this game has promised so much and has fallen so short of what was advertised."
76561198046565259,Not Recommended,236370,13890427,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Skull Leader V1,The devs have announced that sales have dropped off and the game likely will not be finished.Where's my T-Shirt?
,Not Recommended,236370,20595028,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xmlviking5,A British game.For British people.For British servers.And no U.S. servers allowed.P.S. This game is dead otherwise quite fun.
,Recommended,236370,18251613,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,PRIMSZ,"Game is still in development, but it's still 100000000x times Better than the so called COD infection."
76561198161240435,Not Recommended,236370,31885213,Posted: 21 May,all,rodent,infinite warfare in a nutshell
76561197979352740,Not Recommended,236370,9683958,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Epithermal,"This game is one of the biggest scams i've yet to see on steam. Marketed as a ""Co-op"" / ""Role Playing"" experience with no such features. This game is just a very bland, barebones FPS with 5 maps. Youtube videos of Dev commentaries all feature rendered ""in game"" videos of content that is nowhere to be seen in the retail version of IM. They hyped this game up to be a System Shock successor, this was a HUGE letdown. I regret spending money on this piece of abandonware."
76561198087126502,Not Recommended,236370,9649369,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,micheal1,"I think they still have alot of work to do on this game great idea, But the game play could use some work for example you should add prone position and be able to lean out around a corner. Maybe you should take some idea's from Insurgency like even when you run it seems to feel like a turtle could catch you little weird other than that not to bad for how much it costs I'm not sure if I will play it anymore since I've exsperienced the game play in Insurgency but maybe if they fix these issues i will then nice try."
76561197970504130,Not Recommended,236370,10413979,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,trapboxer,"Talk about Beta! When I first got the game there were 4 maps to play on, one gun and no enemies or much of anything!"
76561198066820328,Not Recommended,236370,12105264,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,A Wild Ben Appeared!,"They have not even finished the singleplayer yet, it seems like a cool game but they need to finish it before i would ever recomend this to a friend, i hope that they get thier stuff done and that they can make their game better, but for now i will only hope."
,Recommended,236370,23343421,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,☢EBG7☢,Good game from the start but hard if you ask me on normal difficulty. The game is getting better all the time and its coming to xbox and ps4. There is some coop elements and its a good thing. I can recommend this game
,Recommended,236370,26509853,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,rvtor.SL,hype
,Not Recommended,236370,13761915,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Purps™,"The game's all like ""Let's have fun"" and then the engine (Unity) kicks you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and then crashes explorer.exe.If you want to roll the dice then go ahead, but I did and it certainly didn't pay off."
,Not Recommended,236370,16807859,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DunHiLa,"The game receives updates every 2-3 months that add nothing.It has been in development for over two years now and it has only two weapons,a crouching system and a buggy AI.Developer lie about the state of the game,lie about upcoming updates,lie about land sharks(has it been a year since they promised they were coming really soon?!),there is still no SP in this game,no story to speak of,no nothing.Right now the game is a running simulator with two weapons and maps that are made of the same objects(yes,I am not kidding,the same boxes in every map they have released so far,they don't even change the color of the boxes,they are all white in all of the maps).The truth is we were all taken in by a great concept that turned out to be just a dream.If the game's progress for two years has been none and people aren't buying this game so much-funds are going to run out and the studio will not be able to complete the game unless they decide to start working on something else and throw Intestellar Marines under the bus which is what most likely will happen.They have hired some very good PR specialist to keep the crowd at bay-they talk to everyone,try to be online as much as possible to make sure that things don't get out of control,they have locked topics in the past asking about the development of the game and future updates,overall their PR staff is quite good and has managed to turn some heads around.We really shouldn't support these guys,doesn't matter that they are an indie developer,it's not our job to make the right decisions for them-if they have in some way made bad calls in terms of the development of this game-that is their problem,not ours.We shouldn't be responsible for their mistakes!I have payed enough money for this game to actually want it released but that won't happen I am a 100% sure.ZPS is a bad development studio that doesn't deserve any money."
76561197967643101,Not Recommended,236370,9090667,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DonkeyJockey,This game is a scam.
76561198044612642,Not Recommended,236370,7759047,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dr. JamalWilliams II Jr. Esq.,"This game is far from finished. At the rate the are releasing content it will not be until 2015 that this game's vision will come to fruition. Do not buy it not, it is a waste of money. If it looks intresting look to pick it up once they are finished with alpha. You still can not crouch or jump, and there is still only one weapon with no RPG elements as it says in its genre tag. I am shocked that they would even charge money for the type of product they currently have available. REFUND PLOX."
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,236370,18535678,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chap Chappington,"Took 2 years of development to implement full damage, in a simulation game...But seriously though, we were promised a land shark survival co-op experience 4 years ago and all we have at the moment are bots with crappy a.i and a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor FPS rate."
76561197993094557,Not Recommended,236370,8050638,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Zen,"♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Bought it for a  friend and myself, wanting to play some mutliplayer shooting. He has mac, I have pc.... we cant join the same server. way over hyped.... to early in the building stage to even be released."
,Not Recommended,236370,9237995,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BlindOut,"this game is not worth 14 dollars not even free to play. its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early development games like this that make you waste money and for what? just to siphon money from gamers, same classes same guns same weapons been developing for a year and it still is not worth buying. laggy♥♥♥♥♥game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horrible graphics that need to be redone. u can only run around with your team shooting the same weapons. this game is lacking terribly even DayZ is doing better and havent even been alpha that long! not recommended at all! please shut this game down."
76561197975656167,Not Recommended,236370,9108371,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Hal 9000,no single player
,Not Recommended,236370,8623188,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Chrisology,only one gun really and 20 bucks biggest waist ever
76561198049765318,Not Recommended,236370,12931579,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ghost Killer,"I ordered the game when it was first released, and to the date of 11-14-14 it's still undeveloped. Do not but this crap, wait until it's complete. I think that may never happen, I have been waiting more than 12 months already. Cannot recommend this title in its current state. I bet some of you are the same people who crap on Call of Duty, but yet it's all thumbs up for this title? Imagine if COD was released in this condition? I bet you guys would blow-up the chat section with an intensely negative campaign."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,236370,25115393,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vividnightmare,"Why? Why would you do this to yourself? I can't even remember what got me to buy this, I think it was like $5 on flash sale. The visuals aren't bad and the actual gunplay isn't bad either. It's a team based shooter though, because it's not mainstream that means when you find a group to play with today they're all veteran players with no interest or time to take on a rookie and teach them the ropes. Overall though 'the ropes' is just everyone running in all directions trying to figure out where the hell the goal is, the maps are way over sized for the gameplay. Spent 15 minutes just trying to find my team, finally gave up, uninstalled. Never went back. Too bad Steam return policy is a joke, I've tried to return this twice. It's that bad."
76561198065420942,Recommended,236370,16509431,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Drawk,>> Buys game for Land Sharks>> Plays game>> Realizes game hasen't got Land Sharks yet>> Plays for a few hours because the game is fun and all>> Leaves game for a while waiting for updates>> Plays game when it's updated>> Still no Land Sharks>> Cries
,Recommended,236370,22736582,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,φ Biscuit Stalker φ,"Interstellar Marines, a great game, with few bugs and many growing awesome features. Despite its slow development, it is fun to play with friends, though I only have like three friends who have the game, it is also fun to play alone. Fighting them robots in the dark can be horrifying, especially if you have no idea where you're going; even randomly hitting the suicide button when you don't know the controls... I love opening and closing my helmet..."
,Not Recommended,236370,9627989,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Jallappy,"They barely put out any updates. Not worth paying $15 dollars to play such an undeveloped game. Only 1 gun (STILL), took ages to add a jumping mechanic. Very barebones and uninteresting. Other early access games at least developed the game enough to be interesting to play. I have doubts this game will take off because the developers don't seem to care too much about the game and seem to be developing very slowly. There are much better options on steam for $15."
76561198105137952,Not Recommended,236370,8977423,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,totally not Linkin,this game is stoped it is terrible
,Recommended,236370,12269374,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,No.501_Spectre,"Interstellar Marines, Colonial Marines, Space Marines, what the bloody hell is with Marines.  I feel like someone has to make a game that isn't about Marines in space kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names.  But usually its the opposite so I don't know if being a Intergalatic Marine-guy-thing is a good idea.  Regardless, welcome to Interstellar Marines.Obvious disclaimer: GAME IS ALPHA, ITS MEANT TO BE PRETTY ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Interstellar Marines as of this review has just released one of the bigger updates recently introducing Co-op, one of its most attractive features and one that looks promising, and the reason I bought the game.... a year ago..... Anyways, Interstellar Marines is a game that aims to bring you a quick paced, realistic, action shooter with a spice of ""HOLY **** IS THAT A LANDSHARK!?"" type feel.  So far, the game has made significant progress and achieving that.  But, as all early access come, its nowhere near completed.The game has amazing lighting, everything is dark and adds a bit of an uneasy feeling in the co-op level, you really do rely on your flashlight but even that has very limited range and its easy to be scared by the AI.  The co-op enemies are basically Crash-test dumbies, that move at speeds that rival sonic the hedgehog.  Although these guys arent scary if you spot them first, they're terrifying when they turn the corner and falcon punch your face in at the speed of sound.  The sounds for the game are well done, the guns sound like hard hitting weapons and the footsteps for the AI will haunt the living crap out of you.  The animation is half and half, the reloading animation is very nice and well done, but the movement is where it falls apart.  The controls themselves aren't bad at all, but looking down at your feet there is no animation for pivoting so you just spin around on the spot, it looks as dumb as it sounds.  Both your character model and the AI seem to lack side straffing animations as well, the AI avoids this by only going foward and backwards which is rather confusing in combat.  The game allows you to raise the face mask of your helmet and it eliminates your HUD, but I find that its just a feature added for the purpose of being there.  The HUD disappears when you get hit and it takes a few seconds for it to come back, I find this to be the only thing that is absolutely ridiculous about this game other than the 90's red screen flash to convey damage.Overall the game is pretty good for an Early Access game, but it definitely needs some work.  If youre looking for a futuristic co-op game then this may be for you, but its a gamble so BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK."
,Not Recommended,236370,8179015,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kinzuko,this games hit boxes are ♥♥♥♥ed and there is no single player at the moment. hold off for now
,Not Recommended,236370,10305989,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Captain Murphy,"This game is barely fit to be free to play, yet they are charing 18.99$ for early access. This game will never be worth paying for."
,Not Recommended,236370,8491957,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jordesiac,This is one of those titles that just stays in EA limbo.
76561198066593699,Not Recommended,236370,13537644,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,OfficerShawny,It is a good game. However it just seems like another first person shooter. Givin that it is still in Early Access I still have an open mind but do not think it will be a largly great game.
,Recommended,236370,17856401,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ernesto CSGOBOSS.COM,very intresting game and feels like we are in the game playing as that player
,Recommended,236370,12264049,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","This game has enormous potential. The developers are very dedicated to making this the best experience possible, and I have subscribed to their email updates and follow their page on facebook, and they are constantly providing updates on their progress. This game has been in the making  for something like 5 years now and they've had a lot of troubles, financial and otherwise, throughout the process. The fact that they are still working hard to develop this game shows their dedication. I highly recommend purchasing this, if only just to provide a small donation, to help these guys keep pushing.As for the gameplay, this game is a tactical shooter resembling Rainbow Six 3 and the singleplayer (presumably, as there isn't much singleplayer content at the moment) is a sci-fi horror resembling system shock 2. I'm greatly looking forward to the finished co-op, as the newly released alpha version of it is fun and pretty scary on its own. Anyone who likes sci-fi, tactical shooters, or horror games would do well to invest in this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,22370774,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,IX Anubis XI,"While Interstellar Marines has a lot of potential, don't bother buying this game. I bought this game 3 years ago and they barely have anything to show, progress wise. The game is beautiful and has a bunch of innovative, neat features, but this game will be a decades-old alpha before it's ever even close to being released."
,Recommended,236370,19673351,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TUNABANDIT,"This is a awesome geme. A lot of people are complaining about how long its been in devolopment, but that will make it more enjoyable. IF YOU ARE STILL READING THIS AND HAVE NOT BOUGHT THE GAME YET, BUY THE GAME"
76561198069540111,Not Recommended,236370,9600020,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,YES'M CALPURNIA,"I hated it, nothing to do on it and it was boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do Not BuyI ended up waisting $20 on this thing and all there was to do was shoot a ♥♥♥♥ing target."
,Not Recommended,236370,8496050,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Brotolemaeus,"So, while obviously an error on my part for not doing research, this game preaches about Co-op and tactical simulation. Right now, its just a dumbed down deathmatch. This should by no means already be purchasable in steam, and is nothing like what is read in the description. Even the ""gameplay"" that can be done right now, the deathmatch, relies on about eight servers that are only 16/16 in 2014 and are always packed with people; with no ability to host your own. Its literally a wallk around environments simulator."
76561198066249638,Not Recommended,236370,12094068,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,JOHN NICO,"Hoped it would get good,but bad game thats it ,just♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198043775605,Recommended,236370,23805378,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GuSkand,"This game is dead but hey, at least you can add your silencer to gun in game without using any menus and have laser and flashlight on at same time."
,Not Recommended,236370,9252183,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Peach3s,You will regret it. That's all.
76561197967918496,Not Recommended,236370,14873749,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"Meh, turtle like progress. Crouch alone took months. I am just considering this another ea loss."
,Not Recommended,236370,35094505,Posted: 20 September,all,EdwardDarson,"RIP in peace, abandonware."
76561197977728723,Not Recommended,236370,9645388,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ammo7,"If you are looking for a single player campaign this is not for you until later  this year. If you like PVP which I don’t then you may like it.  The game info should not post single player if there is not one or say pending something so player who only like single player FPS games would not be fooled into buying into it, maybe after the game adds the single player element of more than an empty map which may seem like single player to some but not to me, to run around in an empty map with nothing to do does not constitute single player game. I may change my review once the single player campaign is out but until then it is what it is."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,236370,9647280,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,CastIronBoomstick,"Interstellar Marines is a bit of a pickle; its a crazy high concept game, with nearly none of that content available, with no real promise of delivering any time soon on account of a lack of funding. Would this game be great if everybody bought it? Probably. Is it even a game in its current state? Hardly. Buy Interstellar marines only if you've got cash to brun and an optomistic outlook on gaming, and probably life in general. Overally though, Id have to say ""Just dont"", as I wouldnt want anyone on my case because they bought this game based on my reccomendation without reading the whole review."
76561197993496507,Not Recommended,236370,9680339,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dragline,Not much game here yet.
,Recommended,236370,9681091,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Jet Wong,It's not ready yet.
76561198084032274,Recommended,236370,9752835,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Frederick Der Große,...
76561198059384080,Not Recommended,236370,9676547,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,yOU'RE WORST NITEMARE,No Sharks :(
76561198042769087,Not Recommended,236370,10646251,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Theblubadger,♥♥♥♥ing terrible
76561197981732943,Not Recommended,236370,9498591,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Skyelander,"If you are looking for a completed game (or anything NEAR completion), don't look here. This game looks like it has potential, and I didn't even know what ""Early Access"" meant when I purhased it. I thought it sounded like a Pre-Order deal. You get your order in early - you get some goodies for being good customers. Nope! This game is so far from complete, all you can do (at this writing March, 2014) is a few multiplayer maps that are hard to see. You have one gun, and that's it. You can run around this multiplayer map and get shot, because some people have logged hundreds of hours here and know every inch of it.**There is NO single player game**. Not as yet. When I complained about this in the forums, one of the DEVS said that singleplater may not be ready for 2-3 years yet?  WHAT?? I already paid for it? What if I'm in a different home, city, life, married in 3 years? So I wanted my money back. Yeah, that isn't going to happen.The game might be great someday. It isn't even near a complete game yet, so don't let the ""Early Access"" lure you into thinking the game is just weeks or even months away from being complete. It will be years. I got ripped and the attitude of some of gamers in there is ""It's your fault for not reading the page better"". I'm sorry, when is the last time we bought a car without a test drive? Is that the new norm now? Early Access is not a good buy for the average gamer. I only wish I'd understood that before buying.Unless you have the patience of Job, and a long life span, pass in this game for now. Wait until it is completed, at least."
76561198019742706,Not Recommended,236370,15830793,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,grimbley,toxic devs.
76561198149731182,Recommended,236370,14428493,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZyxX | Zalban,"1. Start up game2. Start NI mission3. Cry4. Try to beat mission5. Die and cry a little more6. Get friend to play, hope you won't cry7. Try NI again with friend8. Cry even more than beforeall in all 10/10 would cry again"
76561198126200361,Not Recommended,236370,9670629,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Palaestriva,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not worth the money you should spend for it. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash, I don't consider anyone should buy this so called ""game"""
,Recommended,236370,28551489,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,💀 GooG 💀,I keep hearing things in the dark.
,Recommended,236370,19115402,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Alberto Mercier,no have people playing!
,Recommended,236370,26242497,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Krowski_nall,test
76561198007282680,Not Recommended,236370,31030027,Posted: 8 April,all,dajarvi,"I bought this game aeons ago.  Star Citizen gets more done than this company.  Good news is that Star Citizen announced this year, and I think I might believe them.  Star Marine, within Star Citizen, is really fun, and there are always players available.  Intersteller Marine doesn't quite match up to it."
76561198008591880,Not Recommended,236370,22352587,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,robert3353,"Well what can I say?  Like a stupid idiot I bought this game so long ago that I had forgotten that it was even in my games library and I had to look it up to see just how long ago I paid money for this piece of junk.  It was WAY BACK in JULY of 2013!  Yes folks it has been 3 LONG YEARS and this game is still not finished!  I bet there are a grand total of two people who are working on this game, a coder and an art person and is just seems to me that even if only two people are working on it that if they were putting in a honest 40hr work week that the DAMN THING WOULD BE FINISHED BY NOW!  At this point in time if any of you who may be considering actually giving these crooks any money for this game then you will be bigger idiots than I was WAY BACK IN 2013!  Like one of the other reviewers commented ""This game is the reason I stopped buying early access titles""  Unfotunately from reading a lot of reviews for early access games here on Steam that the vast majority are being developed by a bunch of crooks who have no intention of ever finishing their games.  They abuse the early access system to provide cash flow for their sorry asses and take advatage of the honest gamers who initially like the concept that is pitched early on and decide to support the development of a game only to discover years later that it is still in EARLY ACCESS with nothing indicating that there is obviouly no real plan by the deveolpers to ever finsh.  I am an older gamer who was introduced to computer gameing way back probably before many of you were even born.  I began playing games on a Commodor Amiga 1000 way back in 1986 and thogh the hardware way back then was feable by todays standards the game developers were not!  Some of the best games were the golden oldies that have become classics today.  Back then and even into most of the 90's gamers like you and me could go into our local stores who sold computers and software and pick up a lot of times free demo disks of several games, and if they charged for them it was basicly just to cover the cost of making the disk.  Back then the game devs that were woth their salt released a very playable demo of thier games so you could find out what games you really liked and what ones or types of games that just were not your cup of tea.  Once you decided you would buy the full version of the game.  Today unfortunately the game industry has degenerated into a bunch of money grubbing crooks out to steal as much of your hard earned cash for bacisicly unfinished and broken games!  The worse offenders of this are many of the early access titles and ALL of the so called AAA publishers with one exception and that is CD Projekt Red who's last award winning game was ""The Witcher 3"""
76561198059484196,Not Recommended,236370,22356449,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Is nice,"I've had this game for the better part of 3 years and the most i've seen done to it is a few new weapons and maps, not really worth buying spearhead edition i wouldn't even spend another 10 on it. I did enjoy the gameplay when it first came out but more than an hour of it and you're bored."
76561197987704222,Not Recommended,236370,22396691,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Forthias,"If you like tid bits of a game added every 3 months and less than 4 hours of solid gameplay, go for it. The devs bit off way more than they could chew, maybe in 10 years time (if they're even still around) we'll have a full game."
76561198084723427,Recommended,236370,32578888,Posted: 19 June,all,StarNate,"IT is a great game, just not supported properly. From whaty i read dev team is down to a sole person, but, though months between, patches and progress ARE happening."
76561198074543637,Not Recommended,236370,29431072,Posted: 22 January,all,STARFISHJUNKY,I'd only recommend buying this for under 3 dollars
,Not Recommended,236370,9648923,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Linux Mug,"This game feels like Zero Point Software has poured more energy into their marketing than their game. Don't expect that to change.Pain points:-- There is only multiplayer even though the game marketing seems to indicate that there is already coop and singleplayer.-- The controls are slow and awkward.-- The sounds are off.-- Combat is essentially who unloads the most bullets into the other first: no good stealth, no critical hitboxes, no ability to dodge, no real running mechanic. Just-- There is only one gunThat said -- this game has the promise and potential to be a really great game, it just needs A LOT of love."
,Not Recommended,236370,9661404,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MUFFIN,I voted no because I feel this game is incorrectly advertised in it's current state. The MP is extremely barebones with 1 gun to use. It feels extremely choppy and about 15% finished. The selling point is the SP which if I could predict the future I'd guess it's never going to happen. I think this game will turn into another generic 15$ FPS.
76561197970362953,Not Recommended,236370,9651745,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,MAGNUM,There is just no game there yet. It's not worth the spend as progress is so slow. I will re visit when it matures somewhat but in my opinion there is just not enough to play yet and what is there is woefully under par.
,Not Recommended,236370,9658129,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Captain Captain,"There is no better possibility to waste your money. After 3/4 years you finaly can crouch ( NEW MEGA UPDATE MK. 10), but still got one ( yes only one) weapon. They show concept arts of weapons which may be invented within the next 10 years. This game also got a random map rotation, what seems to be quite interesting with the ( i think) 4 maps you've got!Yeppers! now you want to play it!"
76561198049684380,Not Recommended,236370,9685203,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,JuicyGrape37,"This game has no wepon choice the run motion is crap, so is the jump the graphics are fine they are taking more than the game is worth Combat arms is better than this and its free. I dont understand why they didnt just make a story line for this game would have made it alot better. In all this is not a game you want to buy i sugest you go play Combat arms. I bought this game on sale for 7$ it aint even worth 1$."
76561198001316875,Not Recommended,236370,21876532,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[BSG] Jukio,3 years ago I paid $40 so some jackasses could get 8 cups of coffee.
,Not Recommended,236370,12992446,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,John Magnum,Very disappointed whith this purchase nothing new has happend since I bought it and no one is playing this game any more.
,Not Recommended,236370,18326685,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dehumanize,"This game has been in development for 11 years and is still a hollow shell that barely qualifies as an alpha, this is the epitome of early access garbage, do not support these lazy devs as the game will literally never be completed."
,Not Recommended,236370,1925875,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Reyes,"Well, what do we have here...PC can't jump and crouch, only 1 weapon available (SMG), no melee attacks...but on the other side is beatiful alternation of day and night (night is real dark, you cant see a♥♥♥♥♥♥without a flashlight), helmet-off mode (dunno exactly what it does), sharp hitboxes.Generally, game is very raw. It doesn't even have any RPG elements (yet), so be warned if you're on the fence and can't decide to buy IM or not."
76561198061117465,Not Recommended,236370,12250532,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lil Muchaco,waste of money wait until the game is 100% complete
,Not Recommended,236370,8394873,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sasherz,This is NOT a Singleplayer game...Only a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer game that is far to buggy
76561198125934198,Not Recommended,236370,12320906,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rotc1vro - Fibbles,"Looks cool, feals cool, and stuff like that BUT! NO ONE PLAYS THIS GAME NO SERVERS AT ALL!!!!!!"
76561198108359670,Not Recommended,236370,9351244,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Amjj88,"Completely useless. What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!While the description clearly assume a story mode, there is not. Result : we end up not being able to play a multiplayer mode with a single mode available and deserted servers. Updates are rare and on trifles.This is really the beginnings of the game, and FOR NOW , IT HAS NO INTERESTS !The arenas are certainly beautiful, but the gameplay is useless. The number of weapons is VERY limited ( one actually) and really deserted servers ( a score of people almost constantly, roughly team developers and their friends ). The few people present are more addicted to third party games  such as counter strike and stuffed with Red Bull.So really nothing to jump for joy.Some discussion with the developers will not change my mind : This game is without any interest , unless a hardcore fan of counterstrike, which greatly limits the public.There are no more firing cross or any dot to look where you shoot and developers do not have to add more, because it is a "" Tactical Game"" .The response to my request was to use the laser pointer, but it has the great disadvantage of being visible by everyone and therefore used by no one, equally to the flash light.These two items are completely useless.Meanwhile, the few people running on IM's servers give no chance to those who just want to spend a nice time, and more importantly, do not really try to communicate or build any tactic with the others. Basically, it's every man for himself ...And as there is no possibility to use a microphone and with chats hardly used, it leaves an impression of coldness quite disturbing for the price paid.Optimization of your mouse and improving your knowledge do not change much there. Encounter a so closed public is the the certitude of a very boring and frustrating moment. The fun does not find its place in Interstellar Marines, never. The mean lifetime is about forty seconds and the chance to hit someone extremely thin.There are NO FUN there. In short : for almost € 15, FLEE !"
,Not Recommended,236370,9163134,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ultric,"I honestly don't know what this game is. When you read what they want in this game, you think ""This is going to be an awesome Co-op game with great atmosphere and sharks that somehow crawl on land."" When you play the game, you find a totally different but interesting concept for a game: A PVP experience with intense focus on lighting and sound. The lighting effects are pretty great. So there's that.Here's what I don't get: If this game is going to be a game with co-op focus, where is the co-op? Where are the environments for the co-op bits of the game? It seems like, unless they change everything about the game for release, the beta is for a totally different game."
,Not Recommended,236370,9681475,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Giant Retard,no
76561198031271204,Not Recommended,236370,9735932,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ninjato,It has a Co-op tag.  There is NO CO-OP.  PVP Multiplayer on a team is not co-op to me. It may turn out to be a great game some day but I bought it for my friend and I to play against the computer AI bots.  There are NO computer AI bots.Single-player mode means that you can run around in a completly empty level with absolutly NOTHING to do.I am VERY disappointed and the Co-op tag and the Single-Player tag should be removed until features are added.
76561198036412483,Not Recommended,236370,9542451,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Memphis_E,"03-18-2014Ive had this for a few months now...super excited when I saw the message put out in the videos on the store page and via google searches. This is a big dissapointment so far...The idea of the finished product seems amazing, and the claim to be a company pouring all they have into this game. I do not see it, as of right now I honestly think this is a company that is falsely showing how hard they are really working. I dont see much change over these months, and dont get me wrong im not expecting a whole lot and am not asking for much as long as it comes out and looks great in the end. This however is depressing me, look at what the devs say under 'Early Access Game' thats just another message to hype it up, they dont even give you a shell of what they are claiming not even a poorly made version of a peice of that message to show, hey heres a little gameplay and we will fine tune and tweak this and more as we go.All you will get with $15 is a poorly made Multiplayer experience that after 2-3 total rounds you wont have much of a reason to come back to it. I just dont see any signs of this game actually going anywhere and I highly regret jumping on this one, of course I hope to be proven wrong...but Im doubting that can even happen.""All in"" future updates, another thing to sound good...but at the rate this game is going it will be 20 years older by the time its full release is a reality. So all in I know refers to updates after the full game release, but how long will we be waiting?Im not asking to throw it up right now and say fine here...im asking to show the community here that there is more than a weak shell of a multiplayer, after owning this for months there have been updates, but no major changes that make it worth checking out. I get on after two ""major"" updates, and I was bored in less than 5 minutes, Im kind of insulted that these guys would take my money and after months give me no sign that this game is moving in the right direction. Feels like it is just standing still doing nothing honestly. It bums me out, and I can honestly say to any potiential buyer to not purchase this, I wasted my money but you shouldnt have to. They will not give you anything to keep faith that the game is getting better and better, just weak updates that claim to be big when the reality is they arent. It takes them 2 months to have a new smg firing sound. That kind of stuff takes that long, they are just good hype men...so good job you got my money, I would love it back but I know I wont get it. This is deception and thievery to a gaming community...and it shouldnt be allowed.Otherwise, to the devs. Please prove me wrong and impress me and Id be happy to change this review 100%, but as of now the changes are weak and this early access is beyond weak even compared to the lamest of early access titles throughout steam. Please Release an update thats worth a crap and give us a reason to believe the hype you all put out there.08-30-2014 since my last review(March), the only update is a terrible muffled sounding assault rifle. 2 guns now(both bad) ive had the game nearing a year...maybe a year or more actually, and all ive seen is a piece of crap assault rifle in their updates. THESE DEVELOPERS ARE STEALING YOUR MONEY, AND ALREADY STOLE MINE!06/16/15STILL ONE GIANT STEAMING PILE OF GARBAGE! These guys are scam artist, nothing more. They have delievered NOTHING on what they promised and have did nothing but successfully scam me into thinking they were honest devs. Steam should've never allowed this to go on. I WANT A REFUND! IVE HAD THIS FOR YEARS NOW AND I AM STILL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is the most pathetic delieverence on promises I have ever seen. These useless pieces of sh-- are just stealing from myself and EVERYONE ELSE who was foolish enough to buy into their bullsh--! I hate theives, and these guys are THE WORST gaming experience I have ever had by a ton. FK YOU DEVS, FK YOU!Years after spending money on this, and I have found 3.3 hours of content and most of that time WAS FORCED trying my best to find a ray of hope in this useless crap. These guys really suck, do not, I REPEAT DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID! IT WILL NEVER...EVER...EVER HAPPEN! ITS NOT WORTH IT, THEY ARE STEALING FROM YOU IF YOU DO! They will not ever even come close to the promises they made and they should all be in jail for this white collar crime.Dont believe me? Read the other negative reviews, These guys thumbs down my review because its devs extorting the people and they are trying to discredit my review, simple fact is ITS THE TRUTH! go read the others, many people have had the game for YEARS and have seen little to no change. I am a very patient and reasonable man, but you pathetic a-holes need to get called out! If I can help it you will see as little money as possible because this game will never be finished and you are all dishonest liars. ,,|,, F U06/24/17 No updates since 2016 and even then the updates adding pretty much nothing. Still the single biggest scam on Steam."
,Not Recommended,236370,9276000,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,The Ponch,THIS GAME BLOWS. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY
,Not Recommended,236370,35225454,Posted: 26 September,all,Therian,"Great little idea, poor development team. There is no reason this game should still be in development."
76561198061493460,Not Recommended,236370,35120019,Posted: 21 September,all,The Argus,Utterly failed to deliver.
,Not Recommended,236370,21845453,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Plank,eh b0ss
,Not Recommended,236370,16535424,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SignedAdam,"no xbox controller support, means i can't play the game, (I've never liked mouse and keyboard) unless its command and conquer, please add support"
,Not Recommended,236370,9448264,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,War Radish,"Seems promising, but there's not enough game here at the moment.  Come back in 6 months and have another look."
76561198011460781,Recommended,236370,9822625,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ch3W,RIP OFF!
76561198065984676,Not Recommended,236370,13940336,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Crazyolfert,"don't buy this game, it sucks"
,Not Recommended,236370,13268144,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,kogentadono,"Almost 40 mintues and the only shot I fired was to see what button fires my gun.  The rest of the time was spent running around in vents.  No enemies around, nothing to fight.  Just noises like someone was around, but no one was."
,Recommended,236370,28867633,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lollypop,Like that
,Not Recommended,236370,22194205,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,lil chopstick,Game suqz
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,236370,22190590,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fatal Pastry,rip
,Recommended,236370,17885195,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,JOHN PLASMA,This game has been in development since 2005. These ♥♥♥♥ers are persistent af.
76561198308394146,Recommended,236370,33152454,Posted: 2 July,all,Sneaky-Delta,"The Game Idea Is Amazing...It Really does Promises Huge Stuff...Even though some people complain the game isnt finished yte or got updated...i dont blame them actually, but when i came to think of it...i really didnt want to turn my back on this game and i bought it on a sale, i wanted to support the game so it can be great someday...and i hope the devs dont just turn thier backs on us as well.Buy it on sale, you'll make a diffrance.i'm going on supporting this game."
76561197993621678,Not Recommended,236370,9691888,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,auroral01,horrible
,Recommended,236370,24558619,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Broke Dick Piece of Shit Drill!,This game is terrifying.
,Not Recommended,236370,12216183,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Facade,They'll probably never finish this game.
76561198017332280,Not Recommended,236370,12227808,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,URGONE2,all the things they promised when i bought the game have yet to come true and it's been almost two years
76561197975171803,Not Recommended,236370,8488099,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,project17,Single-playerMulti-playerCo-opits not as only a few servires and there all full so cant play the game no single player or co-op wow what a let down wish i could get my money back now
76561198043078830,Not Recommended,236370,8494512,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Witcher1979,"I will just keep this very short, the game seems to have done nothing since I have owned it, the servers are dead as well you will find only ONE server that is sometimes full. The devs, well I don't know what they are doing the idea was so good but they seem to be sitting back taking all the money and doing nothing else to it. Shame as I was really excited about this game. I have over 300 games on Steam and this is the only one I would get refunded if I could. Avoid until it is out of Alpha/Beta and full retail, which could be a few years judging by the amount of work that seems to get done on it.I have quite a few Alphas/Betas so I know what to expect with bugs etc but this game has no content and none has been added for months.3/10 for me"
,Not Recommended,236370,13303366,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Y2K,"Gandalf the %%%, you raged at me for kissing you. Find me and we shall duel properly in CSS, otherwise....your aim sucks. Bacon. Nascar. Smoke stacks."
76561198044416866,Not Recommended,236370,12365236,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Mattlob,"This game could be great.I am a person that does not do well with horror games, so this one i bought so i could play with freinds. This was just so that i have that false sense of safety from the people around me. This is where my problem with the game starts. When i booted up the game for the first time i was thrown into the body of nameless soldier no.400 (not a problem btw) who was inside a dropship. After about 10 minuted of fumbling around trying to find something so that i could progress, i finally turned movie mode back off again and instantly found the button.I was then shown the dark horror that was the, i assume, hangar of this ship i had landed on. At this point i noped everywhere and immediatally losed the door again.I then decided that the safety of online would cradle me through the level so i could see what this game was about. This ,however, is where this game faceplants durin the race to be a recomendation.When i try to connect to any server, it just says 'Connection Lost!!' and then boots me back to the main menu. As an Englishman i naturally connect to EU servers and occasionally the US East servers if the ping is low enough. But still the message of 'Connection Lost!!' looms over me.After what must have been about 15 minutes of trying to connect to servers, one worked. I was thrown back into the shoes, and hopefully battle armor, of nameless soldier no.400. My teammates already a little way into the ship. I then naturally saught out the comfort of the other players so that i could feel safeish once more. I started by crawling through some vents, scary, scary vents, which was somewhat uneventful. When i found a way down to the floor that my teammates were on, i had already been hearing sone weird metalic clunking. I dropped down into some sort of dark store room to find one, faceless monster lurching out of the darkness at me. And in my calm and collected state, my heart exploded in fear and i sprayed in the general direction of the monster, killing it. He was then however followed by one other. I had unfortunatly been critically damaged by the first and had expended a full clip, so i was completally screwed.So, all i have to say is that if you can play this game, and enjoy it, on your own, then it is a pretty good game. Otherwise wait for the servers to be fixed or give it a miss."
76561198166923869,Recommended,236370,33586018,Posted: 16 July,all,Danksta,This is one of my favourite games of all time
76561197981493384,Not Recommended,236370,12268484,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,cannon_fodder,not fun
,Not Recommended,236370,29348160,Posted: 18 January,all,Brettwardo,Basically just a scam at this point
,Recommended,236370,18694581,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Tamanizer™,lovely game yey 10/10 yeahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wow wow wow wow wow10/1010/101000/10999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10
,Not Recommended,236370,9775282,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Livid_Nimbles,"I don't know is it just me or am I just expecting too much, for me this game is not worth £11, I know it is a beta but this does not have a solid structure to its gameplay and its mechanics. I hope this will be improved by alot or I will be very dissapointed, I see the point that it is trying to be a hardcore shooter but the amount of content is laking by miles, I had a higher expectation for a game that will charge you £11. Please realease a more polished versionoff this game please."
,Not Recommended,236370,10493434,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Cheesyduck,Pretty graphics.Edit: Abandoned project.
,Not Recommended,236370,9689973,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Corrosion,This game has some of the slowest development I have ever seen. It's been over 2 years and it has barely even moved forward. It doesn't even honestly appear to have changed at all since then. Please consider my warning when thinking about purchasing the game.
76561198040638662,Not Recommended,236370,12369864,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rekka1212,"This game could be amazing IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONLY 2 GUNS AFTER 2 1/2 YEARS OF MAKING THE GAME.  For funk sake I mean,  COME ON.  Not to mention the fact that it took almost a year and a half just to implement CROUCHING."
,Not Recommended,236370,7750391,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kig,"NO idea why I bought this.I do not usually buy Early Access games and I thought there would be more to it. I've been checking up on this game since I heard of it 4 years ago. I like the concept but this build isn't really worth any money.I hope it's good when they get out of alpha, hopefully it will only be 8 more years."
,Not Recommended,236370,28678552,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[FIDE] Plat,WARNING:DEAD GAME. Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,236370,9824491,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Fremen,"A complete failure!You can watch cool videos & thats all .... this is not a game... its a video (wich is free to watch). Also you can look for some screenshots & of'coz youtube videos... Thats all you need to know about this game. Go buy yourself a beer or pancake, don't waste your money on this NOTHING."
76561198046675266,Recommended,236370,12269583,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"Looks really interesting, unique HUD you can take on and off, nice looking gameplay seems fun so far!Excited to see what the future will bring.7/10"
,Not Recommended,236370,35254601,Posted: 27 September,all,Anders,"""Interstellar Marines is one of the most boring games out there. The graphics of the game is great compared to its core gameplay. I sat playing multiple arenas attempting to convince myself that there was an enemy. -Anders"""
76561198045053019,Not Recommended,236370,30607124,Posted: 18 March,all,Duke Lellington,lol
76561198093361963,Not Recommended,236370,8296970,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MrLauriable,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy this product!:)
,Not Recommended,236370,12816239,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cwan,Hope they do something to keep me playing!
76561197993344482,Not Recommended,236370,13067857,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,cba8989,"Not intresting game, only for introduction"
76561197970252549,Not Recommended,236370,12732639,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hyperd,"Not very good, thought it would be more complete."
,Not Recommended,236370,10285959,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,All Out Beard,Just no.....
,Not Recommended,236370,12341994,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Neroshock,"Release WAY too early. Same mistake as half the early release games on Steam. Got impacient, realeased early access with as little game content as possible, made very little progress thats basically shows a lack of devotion by the devs to finish this game. Sad"
,Recommended,236370,14438220,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,"Leon ""PotBoi"" Öhman","This game got great potential!10/10, like skyrim but with robots."
,Not Recommended,236370,9658761,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Guttter,One of the worst games I've ever purchased. Ever.
,Not Recommended,236370,10554483,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,76561193780676215,"First off, I just want to say this game's graphics look really great, especially for a game made with Unity. The overall level design is nice as well. I do not recommend this game because there is so little to do in it. There are single player levels with no objectives, you just walk around and shoot at nothing, and the multiplayer mode has so many glitches in it. Also many of the multiplayer rooms are empty, so you only can play with a couple people at a time. I took a chance buy this and I regret it. Steam should NOT allow half-asssed games like this on their store. Buying crappy games like this just makes me want to go out and pirate them. Why should anyone give money and support a developer who released a crappy half-asssed game that never gets updated? This game does have potential, but should no way be sold the way it is now. Read the other reviews too, appearently this game has not had a major update in a very long time and supposedly will be years before it is complete."
,Not Recommended,236370,35351432,Posted: 30 September,all,wwwizzarrdry,Fail
76561198026252268,Not Recommended,236370,10041300,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Innovate,"Well, dont buy this game simply waiste of 15$ that i wish i had back terrible graphics and the shooting controls are like a 1980 game lol no joke worst game ive bought by far , Oh well :( Dont make the same mistake i did this game is even worse then the worst fps of all time stay away , its like putting 15$ in  a casino slot machine and getting nothing back cya all fellow gamers."
,Not Recommended,236370,13298891,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,walker,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥what else can i say?there's no cars or helicopters, the zombies don't function well and they often run through wall. when i first tried to pirate this game, i couldn't find a crack, thanks a lot developers! there's no cracked servers and the community is really bad, everyone shoots to kill before even trying to interact in any other manner that would actually make it fun!the presentation of what space looks like is unrealistic. i expected like some nice ragdoll of a forzen sandra bullock and goerge clooney floating about outside the spaceship with his♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in her frozen ♥♥♥♥♥, but i didn't get to see that.like i've seen better school shooting than this game. columbine got it right, this game? not so much. the robots don't seem like they're shooting children at all. perhaps we need to call upon breivik once more, maybe get him in on the alpha so he can support the development of this game from his deluxe suite cell.what also bothers me is the lack of iron sights, a buy menu, or an ability to choose race or class. there's no character customization and noone can tell if my characters♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is 3 inches big or 12 inch big, you knwo what i'm saying?plus there's no modding community, i wanted some MLP or furry fun etc. since i don't have a gf i want to jerk off to something and damnit if the developers won't let me, who will? guess i'll have to unplug my granny from life support again and ravager her between her legs.well that pretty much concludes my review. i guess it was worth my 18 euro but then again i'll always fall back to beating cancer patients and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my granny so that's that.thanks"
,Not Recommended,236370,13151804,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dave,dead ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198081926875,Not Recommended,236370,12506536,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Black Ops,pls help when i play this game it frozes pls help
76561198124986316,Not Recommended,236370,12664834,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,KryptonSOUL,no save point?
76561198031522206,Not Recommended,236370,12686075,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Chris Kyle,"To be honest, it sucks.. Thats all.."
,Not Recommended,236370,9160137,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"You know it's going nowhere fast when its subtitle reads ""in the making""."
,Recommended,236370,14407896,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BrupcatBR,"i've played better but its good8.6/10-one of the better Tactical games, Tactical INDIE games i shall say"
76561198042591023,Recommended,236370,10384649,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,KekKommando,"It's not even out of early beta and this game is Impressing me. Incredible graphics, fun gameplay, action-packed multiplayer, and cool immersion effects make this worth watching. Right now this game is mostly just tech-demos and multiplayer, but the multiplayer is a fun time; fruaght with danger as maps rapidly change weather conditions and the enemy team punishes you for every mistake while you do the same to them."
76561198073700976,Recommended,236370,10397295,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Papi Chulo,"It is a good game concept, I enjoy the multiplayer though the spawn time at the moment is kinda bad, not many people on the servers and the game is pretty on the verge of being unsung. Why do I recommend it though? It has a dedicated dev team and they are hard working for this game to become an enjoyable experience. I genuinly hope that with all that time invested on this game it pulls off. The concept is mind blowing and the ideas are worthwhile. I say support the game and reap the rewards later."
76561198009048895,Recommended,236370,10397416,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Maxrob1,"i recomment you buy it if u think too it could become good alter, but the game isint very worth playing not enough is in right now, but if ur rich and just wanna help the game get done, buy it and just wait 1-3 years before it comes out. if ur looking a game to buy right now and play right now, don t buy it, it is ""playable"", no crash or such but not enough content was in when i played, only good graphics great weather effects."
76561198053416136,Recommended,236370,10402202,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,scott.johnson1985,fun game so far
76561198064255705,Recommended,236370,10388225,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,zhigh93,One of the absolute best early access games I've ever played. I absolutely love this game. It's been truly amazing to watch the game and community evolve.
,Recommended,236370,10395140,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Celibatarian,"now, i swear , it is a playable game"
76561198047292906,Recommended,236370,10413748,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tmar09,"needs a true single player option, not just a training area."
76561198112551867,Recommended,236370,10416611,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Mmstuff,its a great purchase don't get me wrong but the recoil and hit boxs need work done to them
76561198088531472,Recommended,236370,10417903,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,cHriStiaN,Hell yeah
,Recommended,236370,5519949,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,StraySwordsman,"For an early access game, this is superb. I can't wait for future updates and am glad to be supporting the Early Access program for Interstellar Marines. Atleast check it out before shrugging your shoulders."
76561198015570601,Recommended,236370,10418305,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,SlightlyMelted,Its Fun But No One Plays Anymore
76561198068153275,Recommended,236370,10380245,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,oldbobjoe,the multiplayer takes some getting used to but it is probably my favorite early access game
,Recommended,236370,10425035,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Blue Eyes White Man,"This Game is so good, each kill you get is so satisfying (spelt that wrong), and when it goes night time it is even better, it is difficult, tactical and awesome. you meet nice people there too as a bonus, teamwork is key..."
,Recommended,236370,10214228,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Spaceman Spiff,bad♥♥♥♥♥game that is so good it will make your other games curl in a ball and cry until they die
,Recommended,236370,10376854,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Vicious,"I've only played about 45min but I'm impressed so far. I've never been a fan of CoD or Battlefield and this game isn't like them. If i had to pick a military shooter to compare it to i would probably say MAG. It is very spartan. You get a HUD that puts a marker on teammates and the locations of cap points, a rifle, and a flashlight.Respawns in the mode that i was playing are every 2 min unless your team captures an objective or gets a kill. The lighting is very well done and the movement reminds me of doing combat glide drills. There is no insane death run sprinting, you actually have to look for targets, and from what I can tell the game doesn't screw new players by giving vets perks like increased run speed, recoil reduction, extra body armor, or a Javelin.They mentioned a cover system, but I didn't seem to see it work (you can crouch though). However I didn't feel it was nessesary. You can hide behind cover then expose yourself fully. if you need to park and lean to get a kill stick to CoD. Camping doesn't seem to be an issue because there are 2 ways to everywhere and no gaps to be overly exploited. Also, if you park, the enemy team will capture all the points and win anyway.Guns were basic. primary is an AR with 30 round mags, reflex sight, flashlight (optional), and laser sight (optional). I saw one gun in spec mode that had an actual scope (never found/used it though). You also have to manually reload, which I love. Didn't see any shotguns, pistols, or grenades and I'm relatively positive that there is no melee.I didn't care for the ability to switch teams after each round without force balancing to equal numbers. I had rounds where I kicked-a** and rounds where I caught a bullet to the head right away, but it never felt one sided (save for team switching. had a 6v3 match).Pros: Movement, lighting, weapon mechanics, basic HUD, only has 2 guns.Cons: Team switching (to an extent), multiplayer only, only has 2 guns."
,Recommended,236370,10028391,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,CrampyGumbo,I can not wait for them to release a campain.
76561198067127234,Recommended,236370,10041035,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,RunsWithScissors,"Got this Game a while ago and after a few Updates, it's a little smoother and I can see what the Developers are trying to do it. I, for one, am excited to see how the whole Game turns out. My Props to the People of Zero Point. As of right now, the Gameplay for me isn't going well, as it's a little difficult to get used to. 7/10In the End, Intersellar Marines will be a fun and compelling Co-Op and strategic FPS with a lot of cool features to assist and aid us in the quest for galactic dominance.St. Jimmy"
76561198082372273,Recommended,236370,10066971,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Imperator Hoewailen,"An amazing game they really are trying to redefine the FPS shooter, a little clunky with great potential, i recomend getting it now"
,Recommended,236370,10184260,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Chock Full O Salt,"This game even in it's early stages like it is now, is wonderful. This game is going places, and fast, I would strongly recommend it"
,Recommended,236370,3009405,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Even though the game is still in Early Release, I don't reccomend buying it because for the amount of features it currently offer's doesn't really warrant for purchase, maybe when they start patching it more often it may become a worthwhile buy."
,Not Recommended,236370,10617319,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Titanium2220,Had potential. It died :(
,Recommended,236370,7602276,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,AshenFenix,"This game has a ton of potential. Very clean and useable fps, fun to play. Looking forward to updates and advancements."
76561197996684401,Recommended,236370,1702021,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Eri,"Good tactical FPS with realistic feel and actuall night map that is pitch black dark unlike other daytime nights in other FPS's.If you want to win, know yor enemy, know your surroundings, know your team-mates.(as of update 5)"
,Recommended,236370,2425006,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,BigMeatSwang'n,"A great game, It is in alpha and still far from complete but when there is enough people on for a game it is great."
76561198041998485,Recommended,236370,4802220,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Darth_MV,This game is now in development and its playable version looks promising
76561198045251796,Recommended,236370,5119352,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,AirOne13 *[LEHOI],"this game look awesome , its not done yet and still far from the release , but  i trust the devs , they are doing a good job , and i think this game will be awesome later  ,  buy the acces if you trust them and like this universe  and if you dont care about buying something in developpement and want to help them to make it beter ,"" for the love of the game"""
76561198048736247,Recommended,236370,5373631,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Soft & Lilly,Good Game and I like how it's looks
,Recommended,236370,5413677,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Pancake_Hunter,"At time of typing, this game still has a way to go to meet the prototype trailer's content.  I respect the developers and their dedication to this game which is why I gave them my pound coins for early access. :)"
76561198056772343,Recommended,236370,5991175,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,CHELKASTYI PUSYUN',"Очень отличная игра! Графика хорошоя, gameplay тоже! Очень хорошо продумана смена погоды, похоже, что BF 4 взяли идею с погодой именно отсюда. Конечно мало игроков, но ведь шедевры не всегда признают. Покупайте, помогите проэкту."
,Recommended,236370,6073384,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Destin,"WOW THE best FPS Alpha game out there, know me."
76561198067008210,Recommended,236370,9828404,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,BlackSmith,bloody amazing game cant wait for the next update cozz we are getting new guns just bloody amazing
76561198089241603,Recommended,236370,9837806,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Schizorican,Game's pretty cool. Only thing I wish for was that the game had controller support. This would be a great game to set on my tv and use Big Picture with
,Recommended,236370,9644798,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Berhaps,"Interesting fun gameplay, looks very sharp and is very easy to get the hang of. However there is only multiplayer with no progression whatsoever right now, and it has no campaigns yet, giving it a very barebones feel. I still recommend it when its on sale, but as of right now, it is not worth $15."
,Recommended,236370,9647620,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,game is cool i guess? if its so tactical why cant i lean? also what the ♥♥♥♥ is team domination doing in a tactical game? high ttk does not make for good killbox gameplay i dont understand
,Recommended,236370,9661162,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Warfinge,"I hesitate to review this game at this time because it's so early. I want a lot of people to buy it but they need to understand it isn't really a great game as it stands. I think it has a ton of potiential with some great features not seen in other games. When you invest in early access, you are taking the same chance the developers are. It may fizzle and all you have is their testbed. On the other hand they might make a priemium game that you bought for a song. There is nothing ""wrong"" with the existing elements of the game, they are just incomplete. If you are a patient sort, buy the game. If you are a critical, instant gratification sort... don't buy it."
,Recommended,236370,9669149,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,JaxX,THIS IS A GOOD GAME!!Although it is in beta or alpha it is very well designed with very detailed maps and realistic character feedback.Pros:-Each map has different stages that are abput 5 mins long. This changes the lighting and visibility.-True tactics and requires lots of teamwork and small advancements making it ever more realistic.-Lighting&shaders runs/looks smoothCons:-Running/Movement is very slow.-Only one gun(will be more in the future)-no team balancing.
,Recommended,236370,9669624,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Year of the Landshark,"gameplay is nice, needs some more content as far as I think, DO WANT SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN!"
,Recommended,236370,9670077,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Bad Hombre,Can't wait for upcoming updates. Beautiful game so far.
76561198059978089,Recommended,236370,9678317,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,armencv,When is Single Player coming to this game? Ever?
,Recommended,236370,9760982,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Ghrimbone,it like ahh like yeah good
,Recommended,236370,8236261,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shup Nukka,I have a good feeling about this game!
76561198037919510,Recommended,236370,8242218,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,B5Alpha,"An excellent return to tactical shooting that has recently been replaced by arcade shooters. This game has a great vision, but already has several interesting features, such as the ability to remove your visor and timed jumping. they're community funded, so they are very receptive to player feedback, which is rare in games today. Obviously there are many features I wish were in right now, but they're not quite yet, so this is the time to buy, before they're added and the price goes up. The only real problem to the high ping on servers, so improvement is needed on networking, but most of the time I don't notice the difference. I'm calling this one a diamond in the rough."
76561198015283646,Recommended,236370,7956478,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,∞Ω,"Can't wait for the finnished product. Gameplay seems very basic, but I can see a lot of potential."
,Recommended,236370,4430972,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,The Based Ninja,"Beautiful game so far. I  have very high hopes for the singleplayer campaign and co-op. The multiplayer isn't so bad either, but it's no battlefield. It tends to be very stealth oriented for now."
,Recommended,236370,8749331,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Azraeleus,Levels change during play. Very awesome! This game has a LOT of potential.
,Recommended,236370,8773675,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ungabunga,"Looks great.  Unfortunately, there is no singleplayer campaign is available yet.  Game has been available is early access since July 2013, and six months later there is still no singleplayer campaign.  There is only so much multiplayer a person can play.  How about giving us some of the deep and involved storyline that was promised in the trailers?"
76561198034111862,Recommended,236370,9115347,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,HustleBerry (Minecraft Alt),i extremely recomend this game its amazing!!! AND ITS NOT EVEN DONE i meanso far theyre still doing player animations reload animations but the hit boxes and its way easier to kill people now BUY IT NOW
76561197960486460,Recommended,236370,9119211,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hyaon Darhku,"This has a ♥♥♥♥LOAD of potential.  It is hard, scary and requires a lot of skill.  That is only with the death match as well! CO-OP will blow other games away when released."
76561198079873842,Recommended,236370,9133166,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,diegov26,Really Fun Pretty tactical and new. Alot of stuff has to be added and will be but for now mutiplayer really fun and maps are new and awsome
,Recommended,236370,9136668,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BMO,Is good. Like Halo or Blacklight Retribution themed but with basic mechanics of Counter Strike
,Recommended,236370,9151937,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,chodemonger,"despite the overall hard to deal with visuals, it is slowly becoming what they said it would be, an ultra realistic fps, not bad on a totally understated, not yet reached budget."
,Recommended,236370,9463555,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,GorillaUnit,"This game is one of the best FPS games I have played and that inclueds all the Call Of Dutys, all the Battlefields, CounterStrikes, Brother in Arms: Road to Hill 30, Killzone, Medal of Honor, Planetside 2, Bioshock, GoldenEye, Half-life, Doom, Wolfenstein, and Unreal Tournement. This game is truely innovative in the way that it trys to expand the mechanics of a First Person Shooter and not just improving the old ones like Call of Duty or Battlefield, and is more like Bioshock and there ways on rethinking the FPS. I like this game now I can't wait to see what the final product is."
,Recommended,236370,17222568,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Boba Fett,when first playing the game I found my self getting memory flash backs to republic command. YOu go through missions of training and will always need to function as a squad. If u love co op and fun commando lie games to do with ur friends get this game its one for the books. Though ifu have a bad pc mine bing a l\aptop with one graphics card dont expect to have the 60fps there arte no settting to lower graphics. also there is no one playing multiplayer anymore i do believe. if u wnat anotehr game with lots of people to play with try gaming on insurgancy.
76561198156931227,Recommended,236370,17312531,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mr. Magoogoo,this game rules!
,Recommended,236370,17267729,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Chicken_The_Wing,"I love this game, it has nice graphics, gameplay, strategy. IF you get a friend to play with you then its more fun, there isnt very many levels tho, but remember the fact that it is early access game. if you are looking to buy a game, get this one here."
76561198004919707,Not Recommended,236370,14414177,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Truslashr,"I gave this game a shot because i liked the premise and try to promote indy games, this is unplayable. Shotty mechanics, glitchy everything. Im come back in another year or so and maybe try again but i doubt this project will ever really get off the ground, to many obsticles to get over. Im sorry but its a no on my part"
76561198087199784,Recommended,236370,17258958,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,0ne1Punch,"It's like Titanfall, but with no Titans. Beautiful graphics and gameplay. Limited weapon selection but developers are working really hard so they'll come up with something. You'll never get bored. I'm looking forward for more updates. Game has tons of potential. I even would recommend eventually porting it to gaming consoles and even mobile devices after it has been completed on PC. It would fit in perfectly! ~ IGNBTW FNAF 4 is out, I would buy that too. Don't forget Five Night's at ♥♥♥♥boy's! Oh and if you want to play interstellar marines COOP or Multiplayer with me, get the game and friend me."
,Recommended,236370,17275912,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Panama,This is a great game good if you like scifi FPSs but still has problems like with the meshs and multplayer but this is expected of early access games. I can see this game getting better in the furture if they keep updating it and adding more weapons and missions.
76561198183184797,Recommended,236370,17289265,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,WastedWafflez,this game has potential. i love it so far. it will be great when its finished
,Recommended,236370,16738067,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Wardless Solo,Maybe i should keep this game for my son....
76561198018917257,Not Recommended,236370,16740326,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MistLynx,Developers never deliver and when they do somehow deliver when the planets manage to align perfectly they show up with cold pizza that doesn't have the right toppings all the while the community had originally ordered chinese takeout and have no clue where the pizza came from.
,Not Recommended,236370,10475541,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Rocket Surgeon,"I wanted to like this game, scratch that, i wanted to love it, but i cant no matter how hard i try.Now i dont hate the game itself but it needs some serious improvements to be worth it at all, the gunplay is at best standard and at worst a burning pile of rubber banding and unresponsive controls. Your weapons dont feel like they have an impact and often times your bullets seem to get lost in the battle. The only saving grace is the fantastic level design and some awesome dynamic environmental effects which i wish more other games would implement. with a few good patches and enough TLC i think this game could be something special.However this is where the huge problem comes in, the pace of development. The devs have a grand dream for this game, which if fufilled would make it an instant sell, however it is starting to seem more like a pipe dream. Updates that add any sort of content are very slow (3-7 months apart on average) and even when they add content or fix bugs it never seems to impact gameplay in a meaningful way. This game has been on steam for close to if not more than two years at this point and we currently have three guns, and about six maps which are almost entirely untetured. Now if the devs updated on a regualr basis, fixed what they needed to, and delivered on their promises than i would be okay with this, but none of this is true. They market the game as a tactical co-op shooter and what they have delivered is a half baked multiplayer shooter shooter with almost no reason to play as a team."
,Recommended,236370,17434250,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"Back in the days of Slavery, this is the game we played and wondered if we would ever reach space"
76561198059284947,Recommended,236370,17335241,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Slippery When Wet,"Started the singleplayer story. Thought wow hey, I have guns with mufflers, flashlights. lazer and can take off my helmet.. Coolcool. opened door, pitch black with robots that sprint at you. hid on a box for 20m firing without muffeler trying to bait robots to come to me.10/10 would be a massive ♥♥♥♥♥ again5,000/10 atmosphere and sound8/10 graphicsPvP is solid but game needs more enemy types and a better story driven campain, but it is still in early access"
,Recommended,236370,17344273,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,flamingos,"Interstellar Marines is a joy to behold. First off, it's a GORGEOUS indie game. Developed in form and function in a way the devs call, ""AAA indie"". Second, the companie's motto is, ""for the love of the game"", which is personally my favourite view a developer can have in the game industry. Finally, it's like a tactical shooter had a baby with the alien series, and if those three things aren't enough for you, ready on true believer, because here comes the actual dissection of the game!SINGLE-PLAYER:-multiple game modes-terrifying encounters-non-linear missionsCo-op:-up to 4 players-slightly less creepy than single player (but not by too much)-same encounters and missions-a lot more fun in my opinion, a ton of the fun in this game comes out of the co-operationMultiplayer:-Deathmatch, Control Points, and other variations that make teamwork an integral part of the game-play-you can still co-op with your friends, cause duh... it's multiplayer(Multiplayer Problems)-There's no team scramble, and people drop in and out randomly-The spawns only have one exit, which can lead to spawn camping-There's a low server population sometimes, so people reading this FIX THAT!!!!Hell Week:-Huge mapped, massively multiplayer, hunger games style multiplayer-there are promised updates coming with AI enemies, objectives to complete for more points, and team co-operation.-QUICK NOTE: I'm not sure how it ends, I even won a round and I didn't know why, the other players just slowly died after it told me ""I survived hell week"".FINAL NOTES AND CONCLUSIONS:-Alpha Game (buy at your own risk, not finished)-A little un-optimized as far as I can tell, but doesn't run that badly (consistently over 30, more often close to 60)-I love this game for all its levelution (done well), day/night cycles, mist, hellish emergency modes, and just the atmosphere.-it's also pretty cheapIn my book, this gets an 8/10, and it still has improvements to be made!"
,Recommended,236370,13509833,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,yemeni suicide bomber,"This game is great, to say the least. While I only have twenty hours (school and stuff bogging down playtime), I hae loved it from the start. The graphics are beautiful, the interface is kind of like battlefield, but still has its own unique taste. The thing that really sets this apart from others is the atmosphere. You can play multiplayer, which is great itself, or you can play co-op. Co-op, depending on if you are alone, playing with strangers, or Skyping with your friends can be either terrifying, rewarding, hilarious, or all three. If you are not easily spooked (2spooky), then it will be easier for you to listen to the storyline. However, if you are like me, who doesnt really get scared by story but rather a jumpscare and/or atmosphere, then it can be really funny. I have had the crap scared out of me, yelling ""holy crap help me lord gaben"" right in the middle of a sentence. You can hear the robots and their clanking noises, which helps you, but the fact that you know that they are there, waiting to strike can sometimes distract you. The bad thing: since it is in development, the co-op can be laggy if you have anything less than a moderately good computer. The Unity system is kind of laggy rendering all of the bots on the Neurogen Map. If you do decide to play it, turn off smoothing in network settings (set it to zero). It's not that bad, either, as the recent updates have made it stable. Overall, a great game if you like games like Insurgency. Just don't walk in expecting Call of Duty's tactics to work well.Edit: recent updates made game more stable. The game is getting better and better. The devs put all of their heart into this game, unlike  some other anonymous games (COUGH COUGH HEROES AND GENERALS COUGH COUGH PAY2WIN COUGH COUGH)"
,Not Recommended,236370,13241231,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,POWWAAHHH!!!!!,"Biggest waste of my money, updates rarely occur, and when they do its something small or insignificant. Complete crap, don't buy it now, pretty sure this game is going to take a long time to get around early access. This game is utter crap."
76561198044000745,Recommended,236370,17307066,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Oscerian,"Interstellar Marines is a good baseline for a great fps. It lacks many things like grenades, weapons, and attachments, the AI's are not very smart but in large numbers can still be challenging.The game still needs a lot more polishing and work, still a lot of bugs and problems. The only reason I recommend the game in its current state is so people dont get the wrong idea. This is in fact a really fun game it just has many bugs that need fixing and new content. The newest update with unity 5 seems good (for me at least) though many people seem to have more problems with it.The game is really fun, its like rainbow six and a first person mass effect. It has a lot of potential and will become one of the best first person shooters out there. It just has a long way to go before it gets to that point.I would try it out, its a fun game for just $15."
76561198066638330,Not Recommended,236370,14432896,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Toxic yet Salty af bruh,steam refund sux
76561198042940557,Recommended,236370,4891250,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Br0leg,Freaking 10/10 game. A must buy.
76561198088522307,Recommended,236370,7479840,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,ducenukem,"I really love the way the games plays and feels. At 1440p the game looks great and plays so smooth, with a very consistant framerate. Looking forward to the future"
,Recommended,236370,13615482,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TanzaKnight,"A very extra-ordinary co-op shooter, realistic from taking your helmet off to the enemies seeing you the same way you see them (using the lights around the map, make sure to shoot out those lights and use yours as least as possible.) Making your way through different environments, cooperation is key. Good early acces game."
,Not Recommended,236370,9035544,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,McNipsy,"At first my review was positive, but after 2 years of little to no development progress, this is getting ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,236370,13274497,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SORAXIUM,Updates to this game are slow and far between.
76561198005998860,Not Recommended,236370,8272698,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Fujhover,This game is ♥♥♥♥in dead! HELL YEAH!
,Recommended,236370,17307674,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Homeless Cardboard Robot,"The atmosphere is absolutly amazing in this game, it can get so tense, that my heart starts pounding out of my chest. i love it."
,Recommended,236370,17574725,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,d00m3d_d00d,"My biggest complaint about this game is that its likely never to be finished. I was excited about this game when the first web-based demo was released, its a beautiful game and plays quite interestingly, but the progress of development has been painfully slow. Over the past 3 or so years, there has only been two weapons added, handful of maps, no new enemies, not even much in the line of tech in the game. All of the coop modes are pretty much training against robots. At $15, its worth a few hours play if you're looking for something different in terms of an FPS shooter, it does make a fairly good shooter sim and it has a nice tactical feel that requires teamwork."
,Recommended,236370,6842975,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Provs,"This game has a lot of work to do before its on the my top ten, but its pretty cool."
,Recommended,236370,17555315,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ＡＮＵＢＩＳ,Such a good game9/10still waiting for devbut still fun to play nowits worth getting
76561198018605856,Not Recommended,236370,17561263,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,70calories,Still have some hope for the game but it's thining as time go's on.Game has a /very/ tiny playerbase which seems to be nearly non-exsistant even during the 'peak hours'. In the numerous time's I've logged in and attempted to play I've only managed a handfull of games with enough players to have two teams of even players in that time the game was rather enjoyable.This game seems to progress slower then a snail in syrup going uphill. The reason I bought this game in the first place was due to the interesting story it had and the idea of fighting Land Sharks made this game out to be pretty awesome however all I've yet to see is yet another multiplayer shooter with tacked on co-op shooting robots I was never interested in any type of multiplayer PVP but that's pretty much what we're looking at here.Hopfully they'll get around to something worthwhile but I'm starting to run out of patience.Oh and the ''Lets Play'' stolen streamer footage fiasco was pretty lame. They did say they've learned from their mistake and are trying their best to correct it so I guess I'll let that one slide even though a lot of other's arn't so willing.
76561198014237926,Not Recommended,236370,17586020,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Tearjerker,Was fun for a bit as an arcadey arena shooter type deal.. But thats all it is or ever will be.
,Not Recommended,236370,11407089,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Indianese Weeaboo,This game had potential. Now it's dead.
76561198018509293,Recommended,236370,14657647,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lotuspulse,"This game's current campaign levels are fully featured, and tense as hell. This game is secretly a horror fps, the very dark environments paired with the ominous footsteps of the enemy robots getting closer and closer (then breaking into a full sprint when they spot you) will get your blood pumping. The current build also features a version of terrorist hunt that is equally nerve rackingly tense."
,Not Recommended,236370,16830695,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,asdfvcxz1234,THis game is very laggy if you dont have a good computerAND YOU STAY WITH THE SAME F*CKING WEAPONS FOR MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,236370,16890890,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Loli™,good graphics and very realistic game modes
76561198165642551,Not Recommended,236370,14494758,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DecafDiamond,"I will leave my old review here but after it being almost half  a year I have to change my opinion on this game. Trust me this game was awesome. But now there are no people online whatsoever and singleplayer is just too boring and lonely. Even if I do find a server the difficulty is way too low. I bought this game because it was hard. It was a more realistic shooter. But I can't play anymore. On a less serious note why can't I tab?This is my first review so here we go.This game is very very fun.SingleplayerThe singleplayer is fun and intense. I'd say a bit creepy too. You go through missions retrieving data and such. The gunplay is realistic to say the least on even the normal setting. Enemies as of now are CTRs or Combat Training Robots. In some missions they act like zombies and charge at you; while in others they stay back and snipe you.Co-opI don't have much to say about the co-op. It's basically the same as the singleplayer but with more people.Competitive MultiplayerNow here is where the game get's a bit rocky. When trying to join a server I normally try and connect to one with a low ping. It loads halfway then my game crashes. I'm not sure if it's my computers fault or the server I'm trying to join. The servers I try to join have ridiculously low ping, like 90-120 maybe. That's not all though. When you die your respawn timer is anywhere from 100-120 second. Not joking. Sometime this is okay but other times it's not. If your team is doing well and capturing zones every 30 seconds then you're probably going to respawn instantly. You respawn early if your team captures a zone. If your team is doing bad though and isn't capturing zones/point, well your screwed. You will have to wait until the entire timer is gone before you can respawn. Other than that though the multiplayer is absolutely amazing! It's very intense. You feel so rewarded when you get a 3 killstreak.OverallI highly recommened getting this game. It's and intense FPS that feels good. It emphasises teamwork and coordination.9/10.EDIT: When I try and connect to any server on co-op on the map Neurogen Incident my game crashes. My friend, who also owns this game, could connect to the map fine. If anyone knows what's wrong please tell me."
,Recommended,236370,17545572,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Space Knight,"i have been folllowing this game since 2012, but i have never played un until late 2015. and i can honesly say this game is quite a breath of fresh air. while this game does keep many of the norms of the sc-fi shooter now a days, it does it in such a way that you feel immersed, like you truly feel like a marine, not a bullet spong or just some guy on the fronlines, andand you dont need to much customization to feel different. i can honestly say this game is a treat. i just wish there was a bit more of an emphassis on the enviroments, although not hard to look at, they still convey the feeling of being in a modern millitary shooter. thats one of this games only flaws, it looks like a modern millitary shooter, when really it should have a major plethora of enviroments to explore, whats here isnt bad, it just feels used. id rate this game an 8/10. its a great game, it just feels a bit to used."
76561198040804614,Recommended,236370,14580766,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,brightwhiteknight,"to date, just another arena style shooter...o yaaaay....NOT! the game basis has sooo much possibility. but it will likely never be seen. and let me tell you what, one guy posted something about devs continuing development....if they dont, i consider that theft. youve promised a finished product. finish it. youll never know its earning potential until completion, and if it earns enough, it has potential for expansion and further development. other planets other maps, other entities to fight, wether bot or player. perhaps alien races to play against one another or against the humans. space warfare, atmospheric warfare and ground vehicles on larger maps that ARE not arena style. what the hell, maybe whol mapped out planets to over come conquer and claim! who knows the skys the limit, and likely that will be the end of the limit, never to broach a new frontier."
,Recommended,236370,14413677,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,NeverGonnaGiveYouAWP,When GLaDOS said about the room where robots scream at you... I think she meant this
76561198117801722,Recommended,236370,14418297,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KaZu,This game is just amazing. FPS with tactical and stealth mechanics which is a great combination.I give this a 9/10
,Recommended,236370,14414685,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The_Watchman_,"One thing about Interstellar Marines is their passionate Developers and that cant be understated its so important.When it comes to the game, i really enjoy the multiplayer levels and the co-op. Levels changing underneath your feat makes for ever changing gameplay. One thing that is a bit of a problem is that some maps are small and then the opposing team just camps your spawn. The Co-Op gives me jump scares all the time, well done. I am always on edge in the dark with the androids running around. Hate it when you hear running and screaming and can’t see a thing and at the last sec your flash light catches an android running up to you, and you just just kill in time. Freaks me out. But i love it.Looking forward to what they will add in the future. The only 3 things i would add to the current beta game, is some moment optimization. Sometimes you get stuck walking up stairs and also I have fallen through maps in multiplayer. In single player the driods few times got stuck on each other or on paths or steps. The other thing is i would like to see better textures and bump maps and the characters and environment, basically more Fidelity, but i understand that takes time with a smaller team. Otherwise well done, and i would recommend it to buy beta now and full game later.I am Happy after buying this game.9/10"
76561198134153901,Recommended,236370,14446949,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Marshal001,"Great Game, with great potential, and beautiful graphics. 9/10"
76561198063943700,Recommended,236370,14448305,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,G0thicJarg0n,This game is well put together already it has a great premise and I am throughly excited to see where it will go. Personally I would like to see the story expand and go out into the far reaches of the universe.
76561197995058958,Recommended,236370,14448332,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,sirebral,"Early Access Review!!I love this game, but it has a one problem that keeps me from playing it as much as I'd like too. The preformance on Mac and Linux is pretty bad.Despite that, I am a huge fan of the game in its current state. The ever changing environments is awesome. From complete darkness to flashing lights with alarms, and even different stages of artificial daylight. The game play is stellar.Also ... I am really excited about the future the developers are promising. The VoIP that is coming to the game is promised to be audible to everyone, but it will echo and decay with distance (awesome!). That is such a cool idea, making VoIP something that might put your squad in danger, while at the same time working as an assist.The developer are really active on the forums also. They do a great job explaining their roadmap after each update, and they are doing a good job keeping their word about the updates as they roll out.While this is an early access game I would recommend it. The bugs in the game are well documented so they shouldn't come as a huge surprise. The future of the game looks bright as well. Oh, and land sharks!"
,Recommended,236370,14448623,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Turnoverman,"I got it during the free week. Played all the things. Enjoyed all the things, even though I spent most of my time dying against the robots with guns.As of this writing, this feels like an almost finished game. (Not a finished game, mind you, there are still glaring omissions, like a keybinding for ""switch to the other weapon"")It's a fun game. It has a lot of really cool things going on in it, like that the enemies flat outcan'tsee you if you're standing in the dark and shining your flashlight into their face.Good game. Would still be a good game if it were abandoned here. I doubt it will be, given that a free week just happened."
76561197993233652,Recommended,236370,14448637,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sixerfixer,"While there isn't much to the game right now, it shows great promise. Occasional bugs, but nothing really game-breaking. The match-making, server filtering, joining, etc. needs a lot of work.Otherwise, I have a lot of fun with Interstellar Marines; it's equal parts challenging and terrifying. I can really see this going in a horror-shooter direction, but the tactical co-op at least lets you scream over voice to your friends when you pee your pants."
76561198070967031,Recommended,236370,14449398,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,No Name Noel,i got killed in one shot with max health...yep im in love <3
76561198135403993,Recommended,236370,14451050,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mr.Rootbeer,very fun.
,Recommended,236370,14451192,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Broods,This game is great right from the start! no more sniper kids just sitting waiting to camp and kill you with a better gun then yours.... This game is for true shooter/tactical fps people. Yes it only has two guns but honestly it is kind of a relief. All those little cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and sniper kids who think they are great will hate this game because they have no advantage. It is mono y mono rifle to rifle combat. And the dark to light aspect is UNREAL!! I personally like to hunt flashlight kids by just stalker around in the PITCH BLACK I MEAN PITCH BLACK! GREAT GAME WOULD INVEST AGAIN AND AGAIN. Hope to see this game to take off!
76561198109769986,Recommended,236370,14453097,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,swaqqnugget,The co op is meh but the pvp is golden. The environments change and you can hear everything the enemy and your team does. If they reload you can hear it. They also need to penalize friendly fire
,Recommended,236370,14427273,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nukuls,"Nearly Craped myself on the CO-OP. Robots have never been so scary, especially since these robots are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198083346103,Recommended,236370,14427564,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TheDesertSnowman,"This is a very well made game. The graphics are appealing, as well as the controls. Your character's movement feels natural rather than restricted like many other games. The only problem I really have with this game is the lag. Unless you have a beefy computer, get ready for 5 frames a second, which really takes the fun out of the game. I know this makes the review a little too one sided, but it really ruined what could have been an incredible experience. It really is a great game, just make sure you have a computer that can handle it, otherwise you will be very dissapointed. This is honestly one of the best sci-fi shooters I've seen since Destiny. Good game, but needs good hardware."
,Recommended,236370,14428063,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lugnut,"Tactical gameplay is good. The game looks like it's going places, and it's on sale.It's also definitely early access, with occasional glitches and such. Also, it's probably just the free weekend, but I also can't find anyone worth playing tactically with.Worth about $6 because of early access. When this game picks up more missions and such, then it'll definitely be worth the price."
76561198083350974,Recommended,236370,14429359,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,PlatinumYeti10,"very fun game I must say, one problem with the game is that you cant make your own lan server and that its hard to find a good server. New weapons should be added soon as well and I havent found the TDM yet. Besides all this i would like to see the game grow and I cant wait until its a full game.10/10 would bang"
,Recommended,236370,14431149,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,perql8tor,"very different from most fps. some levels are really cool with blackouts or night time periods. there was rain and fog in another level. i thought graphics were decent and hit boxes were good. more realistic then like cod. i enjoyed my time playing and will definitly play more, probably even buy it while its on special. has good potential. didnt come across any trolls either."
76561198068482820,Recommended,236370,14431986,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,Interstellar Marines. Amazing. Atmospheric. Great Dev teamI can't quite stress enough how much people need to play this. its a real shame to see that there is not a huge player base. but with the game regularly on sale. i would urge anyone who likes Rainbow six games or the arma series or even Counterstrike for that matter to make the leap and buy this game. i think personally it can only get better. as a Early access game the amount of content you get to play around with is Astonishing. From crazed Exo robot servents who took over a company Armoury to the Exelent PVP Tactical multiplayer with a really awesome Unique game mode there is something for every lover of hardcore shooters. and hell. what can i say i sure am looking forward to those Mutant sharks. The gunplay is smooth and the game runs really well with the exeption of a coupple minor bugs. even if this game is not on sale for the not huge asking price this game is worth every penny. and im confident by the end of 2015 we will have a very promising FPS on our hands. so please support this game. the devs work there asses off. and it really deserves your attention.
,Recommended,236370,14432852,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,JohnK,If they add some monsters-aliens in the game this will easily become one of my favourite fps games of all time.It is alrady very atmospheric but not extremely tough. It manages to keep you on your toes and make you fear every sound. They only flaw I feel is that after all the terror build up you just shoot a target dummy in the head and that is it9/10 You have my intergalactic assault rifle! (and support)
,Recommended,236370,14432916,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Nurqex,Love It!
76561198079274056,Recommended,236370,13621491,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Divisible N,"This game has a really strong atmosphere, I reccomend playing it away from distraction or people who aren't playing the game wtih you. The missions have a lot of different way to complete them, increasing the replayability of the game by a lot. When you first start the game, it throws you into a scenario where you have to complete an objective, and without knowing anything about the game at that point, it makes a strong first impression about the atmosphere and how the game is played. I reccomend, when you first start up the game, that you are alone without distraction.I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,236370,13576091,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jim,"OH MY GOD - ROBOTS!When I initially played this the game was still very much in it's infancy, with only a small map to essentially showcase features such as lighting and weather, AI enemies were still a long way from the game. And yet such a small taste was a promise of what was to come.As of November 2014 this is coming along fantastically, I can't wait for the finished version. The Assault on Starcrown reminds me a lot of the original Ghost Recon, only with scare-the-bejezus-out-of-you robots. It's not easy, singleplayer is a death-trap and the Combat Training Robots are absolutely lethal but it's rewarding to beat them. The game really shines in co-op.Looking forward to future updates, I'm super excited about going up against landsharks."
76561198044364138,Recommended,236370,10384117,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ChrisImmortal,"Co-op is here, and holy crap it's cool.  I haven't actually played with other people yet, but I have to change this review to a positive one instead of the previous negative one that I created when I bought the game and it was basically TDM in space.I just played a few of the co-op missions on my own since I don't have time to commit to other people at the moment.  If I had to use one word to describe my experience: scary.Interstellar Marines is delivering what they promised now: immersive, tactical co-op.  I was sneaking around Starcrown Aerospace, taking out those humanoid robots (you wouldn't think they'd be scary).  I definitely saw how cool it would be to have a team with me.  Anyway, after I killed a bunch of robots, they called for reinforcements.  Those footsteps I had been using to help alert me of enemy presence suddenly increased -- more robots, running faster!  I was terrified, there was an alarm going off, I backed into a building as I could not see my enemy yet but heard myself being overwhelmed, and almost screamed as I backed into an enemy who then killed me.I can't wait to play co-op with other people.  It's great to see that the devs have started co-op stuff, I have very high hopes for it.  I'm definitely going to keep an eye on the price and let my friends know if it gets cheap enough that they'll want to buy it."
,Recommended,236370,13607993,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,frog,the combat training robots make me cry
,Recommended,236370,13916618,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Halarion,"Cool game, has a very unique feeling to it.Few bulets in the body or one in the head and you're down.Light and shadows change constantly during play so you have to adapt.It's diffucult in the biggining, until you learn how to move and shoot. I rage quited a lot during first 10h of play, but it's really rewarding after a little practice.Awesome maps with good lvl design and lots of game mods too, like single player campains, mp missions and more.If you like FPS wait some mighty Steam 30-50% discount and buy! It's worth it."
,Recommended,236370,13003731,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SillaKnight,They much improved the game's net cord and optimize and enable for me too play in24 fps ny hd 4000 from SEA1!!adding with the best tactical gameplay
,Recommended,236370,13923426,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,U Otter Be Dead,"Bought this game with big expectations, loving the athmosphere  and after waiting for some time and returning to see coop, I love what I'm seeing right now. Hoping for more content :)"
76561198167936549,Recommended,236370,13935148,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Athena,"great game 10/10 must play, its like skyrim with guns"
76561198087602131,Recommended,236370,13936437,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ohnoitsasni,"This game is going to be awesome, when it  is finished."
,Recommended,236370,13802567,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wiley Weavile,"Even in early access, the atmosphere and gameplay are tops. It's a little shakey sometimes, (i.e missions having bugged segments, enemies doing weird things, etc) but you can clearly see the game's scope despite this. Bringing friends is vital; a co-op survival game is no fun without them, and missions can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes even with friends.But, that's the challenge in this great looking sci-fi tactical shooter. Looking forward to more content and the eventual release."
76561198034342080,Recommended,236370,13511299,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Emperor_of_Krieg,"amazing game, very spooky playing alone on some maps. also very fun to play with a team. definatley worth buying early to support the development of this awesome game!"
,Recommended,236370,2613569,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,The Notorious Pizza Boy,"It's ok, for £11.00 its a bit expensive but with what it promises it should be worth it..."
76561198122723524,Recommended,236370,13875405,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TrentJones,OMFGthe campaign and custom vs bots is the most hardcore thing I have ever experienced I think I almost died of a heart attack 30 times.Also the sounds in this game are more scary than amnesia.10/10 will play this game10/10 will die of heart attackDO NOT PLAY this game if you have heart problems:P
76561198076810058,Recommended,236370,13949761,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,2nd Amendment,A very fun multiplayer and singleplayer experience. 8/10
76561198029862187,Recommended,236370,13940372,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,R-Bull™_slash-z3r0,"Hello ZPS! i have been watching at the development for a long long time, and i have to say i really really like your dev. team, such charismatic and hard working people! I wish you stable and fluent creation. Now to the point, since i hope you listen to comunity i want to suggest a few ideas for gameplay (no i do not demand them to be made like today :) ) elements, that will improove the imertion and feel. 1. fast reload (i think also called tactical reload, when you reload not an empty mag and there is still bullet in the chamber), because now the animation is for full reload weather i emptied my full mag or not, and on higher difficulties this makes for lots of deaths :) 2. sidearm (pretty please? :) ) , and fast enough switching to it (we are ITO special forces after all, aren't we ?) 3. maybe some kind of grenades? (like stun or HE grenades ?). 4. object penetration would be kinda cool (at least those thin fences). These are just small details, but i see how much you care about atention to those tiny details, and they actually make the game.Now in conclusion, iam actually amazed at how much atmospheric this game is, yet it is only early alpha? wow people, the AI of the bots is amazing, the lighting is spectacular, as far as i remember unity engine was developed more for browser-flash games, how the hell did you squeeze that much of it ? i can only imagine how amazing this game will feel at release!have a nice day ZPS!"
,Recommended,236370,13942649,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CorndogBilly,"Gameplay: This is a true tactical FPS: Realistic weapon use & design; it only takes a few bullets to die, so running and gunning will most likely get you killed. So far you can play singleplayer missions, coop missions, and competitive multiplayer, so there is something for everyone. Since update 16, the shooting feels very responsive, and weapons can be equipped with silencers for stealthy gamers like myself.Graphics: Although the Unity Engine does not allow for the best textures, the lighting is absolutely amazing. Levels change their structure and lighting throughout the match, so you have to adjust your tactics accordingly. There is a heavy emphasis on immersion. Your HUD is displayed on the visor of your helment, which you can remove at any time.Sound design: When you hear a robot running up behind you, you will be terrified. So far the weapons and environment sound good, but we will see how the game sounds when they add landsharks!Overall: With each update, this game is moving up the list of my favorite fps games. In a world dominated by linear shooting galleries, Interstellar Marines offers a unique combination of tactics and immersion exceeding that of many AAA titles, and it's only in Pre-alpha. Pick this up if you haven't already."
,Not Recommended,236370,15613232,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GlaDius,i realy love the game they just have to add more servers in the northern part of europe. else the game is realy awsome and i love it.
76561198077568076,Recommended,236370,15618210,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheBobinator,"I used to think that robots were cool. After buying this, i need to sleep with my light on and im back to therapy, I frequently get terrors about the robots swamming me and I spiral into a brief paranoina-induced insanity. 10/10"
,Recommended,236370,15500213,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Danley Danley (@Grandmother's),"Well, very difficult to say the least. If you're running the Campaign, it's best to run it with a team. It's dangerous to go alone. Take this! *receives multiplayer update* (Duh Duh Duh DUUUUUHHH)Overall, pretty good. You don't want to crouch in elevators. Ever. You will die. That's a guarantee. The TP needs to have more done to it. Maybe it can offer more of a selection of weapons? Better armor to resist getting blapped? It should have another use in addition to gaining rank.I'd reccomend!"
76561198113698506,Recommended,236370,15548320,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Doobie,"This game is probably the best FPS Simulator experience on Steam!Everything from the sound of the thunder in the distance in the open maps, to the very intense close quarter chaos clusterf**k that is the smaller maps (I would say that this game is the best rival of CSGO in the realm of late round intense, on your edge of the seat action.).The way you can flip the visor up when you get hit, because your suit HUD go down due to damage, is a game function I have never seen in any other game. The trade off for being able to hear and see better, for the protection of the suit is amazing.This game probably has the best sound design of any I have seen before.This game has you in awe every step of the way."
,Recommended,236370,15552315,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,theChosenPixel,"I think this is going to improve a lot thats why I wanted to help developers, however there are still to much to fix and better"
,Recommended,236370,15599215,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ironic Caciotta,"I'm really into the single-player mode, maybe it's because of the robots that always scare the ♥♥♥♥ out of me... Can't tell.In general (multiplayer too) the game is very realistic, although we don't have such technology nowdays, but.The mechanics keeps you busy, thinking about putting on the helmet and hearing low sound but having at an HUD or not choosing for the helmet, using a flashlight will make you easly spottable but when the level becomes dark (because it does) it will come handy.Anyway I rate this 8/10 because of this endless Early Access development"
,Recommended,236370,15593092,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZestfulFibre,"Players may experience: heart attacks, violent trouser soiling, and nervous twitchingSeriously right now this thing will scare the crap out of you and it's not even a horror game.Other than the horror bots it's pretty cool"
76561198215843072,Recommended,236370,15425068,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,chillwillylewane,I have yet to play my newly purchased game...not sure why it only takes me to the ventalation system and stops...doesn't go to the tutorial...and it's not corisponding to my pc controler like all my other FPs games I've purchased through steam...need help please....this game has soo much potential....
76561198106161958,Recommended,236370,15811640,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Eppe75,This game is really funny but there are some thing not right:There are no save points and that annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me sometimes.Also there are 2 weapons and thats it that dissapoints me a bitAnd there are 2 actual levels and thats it.But with 2 people its really funny especially with a friend.I recommend this for coop but not because its that good and also i think that its way to expensive I bought it will it was arround 8 bucks and I think even that might be a bit to much.I hope that there are comming more weapons and levels.And I also hope that the will introduce save points soon.Because then the game will be way more fun and interesting.
,Recommended,236370,15629451,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Windrush,"The first ""First Person Shooter"" I decided to try, and have really enjoyed playing, even though I'm terrible at playing it. The only problem I have (which is my computer's problem) is some nasty drops in frame rate, especially when the lighting changes (such as when emergency lights start flashing).Anyhow, great game, and looks briliant."
76561198058778953,Recommended,236370,15744682,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ThatMek,"(WARNING there will be bad spelling in this review)The first thing I would like to say about this game is that when they say it's in early access, it is in REALLY early access. Alot of the features that they want to implement are missing, that being said Interstellar marines is looking promising.this game will not hold your hand. you will die in a few shots, this mixed with the unsettling audio abience creates a tense atmosphere.  It is possiable to play it stealthy by silencing your guns or go guns blazing, but you'll need to be careful doing both because miss one enemy and your in a dangerious position.I would recommend this game to any tacital shooter fan but with the current amount of conent I would advise for you to wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,236370,15746475,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,WishingPole [FMC],its good.. but too expensive wait till its gets to the 10$ mark
76561198030090146,Recommended,236370,15624753,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ncoredump,Defo got a great deal of potential but avoid being disapointed and wait for it to be finished properly before casting judgementI am sure this is a fairly generic and standard dislike list that is going to be on most peoples mind.this are mainly single player things1) Dislike dieing so easily and never getting past fist capaign mission - NORMAL difficulty2) Dislike bodys disapearing3) Dislike having to wait in single player mode after dieing like your having to wait for online players or something ..most games just  use a loading bar/icon/whatver a count down is no different I realized but that just makes it feel shabby and a bit odd never the less4) Dislike the flash light its not bright enough and the overly darkness wears on your nerves hopefully later maps are better lighten up in the future.5) Dislike having no map  not even a rough one6) Dislike having bust through endless doors with opening buttons (its supposed to be the future soom doors should be  automatic and some doors should just be open already shurely) to many doors and not enough action7)  DislikeThe breathing sound effect and the way hes out of breath like he just did the London marrathon or something after next to no distance8) Dislike the Metal against boot sound effect its like some one banging a pot in your headset9) Dislike overly unsteady weapon sights1) Like game performance2) Like being able to do what you want to do3) Like geourgous graphics4) Like Narrative5) Like overall feel of game6) Like whre it could be all goingGreat game keep up the good work just a bit to early access for me personally..
,Recommended,236370,15646339,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,THe HyP3r n♂♂B,"Well the muitiplayer mode was awesome!! This game got marvelous graphics, but I'd like to ask the game maker to add more guns when updating......Sniper guns is the best..........Surely give it totally good reputation! "" Duang"""
76561197997404567,Not Recommended,236370,14091937,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sleepy Eric,"Before you read my lengthy review I just wanna let you know that I have assumed the position and prepared my♥♥♥♥♥♥for what some of you may throw at me for changing my review from recommended to not recommended and just so you know I'm not complaining about anything or trying to dump on anything I'm just explaining my experience and how I perceive this game and it's progress from the last two years. Take it with a grain of salt.So if you notice yes I am editing my review for this game, I feel like it's not fair for you who read reviews to find out about the game that I had only played for 2 hours and wrote a review saying it was ""7/10"" and would probably be bumped up before release. So here's what I've got currently.I've played this game once every few months for the last let's say 6 to 8 months (I can't remember when I started playing it) but I've owned this game for well over 2 years. That should tell you enough about why I am redoing this review. I've only played 5.9 hours in the past 2 years. This games recommendation is being changed to not recommended and here's why.I don't know much about these devs it's been a long time since I've looked into what they are up to and I can not claim to have omniscient knowledge on where this game is going and the history it has but this is what I have heard. Apparently this game has been in development for a long time and what I mean by that is I recall hearing my cousin (who was looking it up at the time I believe) say it was something like 7 years. When I tried playing this game 2 years ago when I first got it I couldn't really run it that well and I seem to remember it having less content then it does now but even now it still has a small handful of co-op pve missions, two weapons only, pvp (don't know the max players) with a few competitive modes, pretty sweet graphics and even though I'm not on often the times I have been on almost all the servers are empty. If anyone is ever playing they are in europe and it's one or two servers. Now early access alpha games obviously have bugs and stuff but those aren't really what bother me considering so far they aren't game breaking and I mind small glitches that sometimes make me laugh at how ridiculous they are.So why is this not recommended? I actually like what they have so far in the gameplay, the graphics are decent and I personally haven't run into game breaking bugs. Well it's not recommended because if the amount of time I've had this game it's barely had any meat added to it. If that's because of funding issues that's not on us. Management of funds is on the devs for these kinds of games. If it's planned to be this slow of an update then I don't think people should be charged 20+ dollars to play it.  Like I said I constantly check the servers when I do play this game and they are always empty. Can you play it by yourself yes and if you play with friends lucky you most of my friends like playing RTS and/or don't want to bother with early access (honestly neither do I at this point). And there isn't a lot of content.Again I want to be fair here. I haven't done my research on the devs but I don't see a lot of what this game looked like it was going to be when I first voted for it on greenlight years ago. originally there were supposed to be weird land shark space monsters that you'd fight now it's just robots. And like I said snails pace updating for early access games tend not to bode well. (I'm not going to give examples because I don't want to name drop games that personally I believe should be removed from steam and have people look at it go ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm going to buy it anyway"" and then be thoroughly disappointed and funding a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev or team of devs) Anyway that's all I have to say."
76561198047163794,Recommended,236370,5266483,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Sarle_,alpha game states suck but they shall rise from the ashes like a ♥♥♥♥ing sputnik
,Recommended,236370,14410969,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Imaginos,Suggestion: make the game compatible with the Xbox 360 controller
76561198172587917,Recommended,236370,15717067,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,vfbmax,Love it. Only problem is the key mapping and then translating that into a controller hook up for my mac. That and there no just toggle weapons key. Maybe in the future. Either way love it.
76561198084182298,Recommended,236370,15719679,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cole Story Bro,"This game is fun and cheap. The playing style takes time to get used too. As of this moment it is an early access, but it is fairly far on its way to becoming a finished product.4 out of 5"
76561198164467052,Recommended,236370,15721109,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Code445,"This is a good game even though it has it downs its really fun the graphics are amazing the way they built each map is very creative,tactics,story.One thing i dont like about is that there are only a few guns you get in the game i wish they would add more guns and gear for the guns and the player like a beacon if a player is to far away from the group it starts to flash for about 10 secounds they should remove the players name showing where they are because that kind of sets off the mood during the game because it destracting but it is good for showing that there your ally but they should make it so that each team has a differentdot dot on them so that when your aiming or something it shows that their on your team disagree with me or not but i think this might make the game more realistic in some ways."
76561198157738624,Recommended,236370,15667110,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Apu Apustaja,I want moar gunhz or i will M4m4lSc0P3 tis gaem xdddddd ayyy lmao
76561198069303972,Recommended,236370,14411647,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BloodofPersia,"So far, the gameplay is intense, very fast-paced. difficult even if you are experienced in shooters. Seems to run very smoothly and has definitely grabbed my attention!!!"
76561198067750559,Recommended,236370,14411765,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,N3V3RWH3R3,Very low into the game.  Atmosphere and graphics are fantastic.  Bit creepy imo.  Gameplay is pretty tight and lean as well.  I'm incredibly impressed with the sheer quality of this title.  Purchasing now.
,Recommended,236370,14411800,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,"Blemgraf, but scarier",Can you please fix players going through the floor?
,Recommended,236370,14412153,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Choppah,"I expected a realistic sci-fi FPS, what I played was a game that will give you nightmares. Coop mode has 4 players face off against faceless robots who will appear in the most pants wetting way. They are especially adept at running through doors before they close and catching you whilst reloading. Plus the lighting seems designed to make a non-scary map into something terrifying.While MP mode has too many features missing to really evaluate it, I highly recommend the Coop mode.TLDR: 10/10 Would wet pants again."
76561198068665067,Recommended,236370,14413013,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Cross Rax,"I havent bought the game YET, however, this game reminds me of of solo times in left 4 dead, or others times when your not close to your team how you can be picked off easily. I must also say I dont judge my games on graphics heavily but very lightly, however there is a realism, not sort of to the game model and environment which I enjoy and have really been waiting for in a 1st person game (especially a FPS!) I hope much  is added into the games model that makes it unique, something akin to Halo uniqueness to multiplayer and most definetly L4D's team-oriented spirit."
,Recommended,236370,14435375,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,eTxZombie,"This game is broken. But almost delightfully so.There are a lot of maps where you and everybody on the team will fall through the ground into the map. It then becomes a game of hunting land sharks with their heads popping up out of the ground. It's hilarious when you shoot somebody subterraineously, as they pop out of the ground and shoot skywards.Hit detection sucks. You have no idea where you are bring shot from.It's hard to tell where cap points are exactly sometimes, because the cap square is tiny and it disappears when you are too close to it.Also, it is very hard to tell when you have capped a point, unless you can locate the tiny little status square on the cap point, and look right at it while capping. You need to be able to look around while capping.ALthough this game has its broken places, it's fun as hell. It's a pretty solid shooter. Feels a bit like Crysis, mixed with Counter Strike.Leave the broken parts in the game, it's pretty funny. I'm buying this one even if it's broken.Note to Devs: Make a game this broken on purpose. Then release it. Call it Glitch or something. People have been exploiting glitches for the last three decades. You should just make it happen intentionally. I want to throw glitch grenades and cause a lag spike or make campers fall through the floor or something. Just make a game that's as broken and glitchy and exploitable as this one, and release it. Hell, do it with this game. Release date: Now. ♥♥♥♥ early access."
76561198000635412,Recommended,236370,14435698,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,TatarRamazan,"Really, it's a very promising game for future, keep up with good work lads. 30 min enough to decide this game worth for buying for support."
,Recommended,236370,10375662,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,DaCrazyDingo,"Honestly the game isn't bad. Lighting is good, guns handle nicely and the environs are awesome.They still have, no story, no real online, no enemies, no co-op. Just a function test alpha. I have had this game for a few months now and there have been very few updates that actually impact the game. Everytime I am online there are maybe 5 games total in my server browser.Online is dead.Update: Feb 11. The game has come far and I will give it a thumbs up. There are enemies and co-op now. The game is interesting fun for a bit. Still kind of stale, seeing as you just shoot training robots. The dev has showed comittment to this early access title and updates are continuing. Online is still back and forth to find a good game though."
76561197968564024,Recommended,236370,14453821,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Korlandril Eldanesh,Great beta testing strategy with a hit of wet pant syndrome. This game is pure fun and has huge potential. It forces team work which is rare in the games these days. As for Early access. I hope they keep building the game play up and not make it simplier like most games. Make hard harder and realism mode more like a knightmare. I want this game to scare the living daylights out of me and encourage more team work. Keep up the good work.
76561198046568748,Recommended,236370,14453867,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Johnald Don Trump,Best game ever! It will probably surpass COD when its done.( I mean in sales or just being a better game) Its probably the best Tactical FPS of this generation. I know the develepers have worked so hard on this game. I wish them good luck on this great game.
,Recommended,236370,14454679,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Smoke,It's great the frames are fine on a 2008 dell work laptop. Im sure it will run well with those Turtle Beach headphones and Alienware laptop.
76561197992422216,Recommended,236370,14454932,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LogicalPsycho8,Great game! Needs a bit of polishing but overall very good!Run your own server feature would be nice!
76561198114559479,Recommended,236370,14455621,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,All-Might,"This is the BEST realistic, tactical/stealth based bame that you will find on the entirety of Steam, that mixes everything that Call of Duty wasn't into a Battlefield meets Arma meets Alien style universe. Buy it IMMEDIATELY!"
76561198084831039,Recommended,236370,14456266,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[LinuxGuy]mcwolf_b,"As far as I played it, it is a good game."
76561198066034682,Recommended,236370,14427903,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Khammyo5,"It's excellent on the tactical shooter plane, but quite bare. Most of the urban or indoor environments are almost always the same, and there's not much variation in the enemies. It also seems as if it is a game that you play like once a week or with friends, then just have in on your computer just to be there instead of a game that you can get eddicted to for extended amounts of time. Though other than that, it makes a ""tactical"" shooter by ensuring that you work with your team on co-op and multiplayer. Instead of being a ""hack-and-slash with guns"" it is much more of a military standardized game than COD. Though, with a few drawbacks, this game is a very excellent choice for those who embrace the tactical shooter genre. But once again, I am only posting this review while the game is in early access so many of these issues may change in the future."
,Recommended,236370,14458703,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,saxxy smile,"its nothing like the origional game from their website, the origional is what i was looking forward to but this game doesnt dissapoint me, it just is not very special among other games anymore"
76561198138016984,Recommended,236370,14459937,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,scubakidthomas,"I love the game. Especially the robots, they freek me out; I love it! I wish I could keep the game."
76561197962822145,Recommended,236370,22622590,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,--=[VIX]=--,"Not sure about the mixed reviews. This game is pretty cool in coop, definitely worth keeping an eye on. If you're on the fence about getting the game, i'd give it a try."
,Recommended,236370,22640341,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,theNoize,"This Game Will Be Amaizing Once it is at 100% , as long as suport continues, the DEV's are dedicated game makers for gamers, and this is an Obviusl Labor of Love.... Love it Shoot it... Loot it...  once its 100% FPS RPG online Awsomness im sure... i hope, i belive..... Hu-Ra! Space Marines!"
,Not Recommended,236370,8764994,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Grimm,"unfortunately its dead, they never got the sharks in, or the rest of it dont buy, for any price"
,Recommended,236370,24655779,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Magikarp,"I bought this game back in 2013, and still it is in developement, at points i thought they stopped, but i came back on and they're still updating it, even in development i still enjoy playing this game, it is terrifiying and thrilling at the same time, the co-op is challenging and the mulitplayer is actually decent, it has the potencial of being  great shooter, even if it is in development, it is better than any finished game i ever experiencedThe robots are scary to say the least, and when some bolt at you, all you can do is react, i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at so many parts, but after going through hordes it has this epic revenent feeling to it, it is a challange to over come the fear and a challange to stand on topI would buy this game, it may still be early access but i still say it is worth it, if they're still working on it, it will be finished eventrully and to be honest, i can't wait"
,Recommended,236370,13291144,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Trepo,Good game just needs improvment its ok becuase it is good graphics and when i go online there is about less then 10 people playing multiplayer which is ok i love the maps and how the weather changes and when it goes dark then light
,Recommended,236370,24732093,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tech,Delvopment Hell.Half life 3 will probly realase before this game leave's Early Access.
,Not Recommended,236370,24463901,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ser pounce,"Zero Point Soft, I love the concept of this, all the little details, like the condensation on the helmet, and the raising and lower of it, the little things like that are awesome and all, but right now there is nothing to this game.  Nothing.  The menu is lacklustre, so are the servers, speaking of servers, the multiplayer is so poorly made, and the co-op is no better.  The co-op is what I want to talk about.  If you die, you can't respawn. (atleast from what I've experienced) Plus, if you join late, you have to spawn from the start and slowly make your way through empty room after empty room to try and catch up.  You guys really need to get working on gameplay, update the HUD immersion later on."
76561198131926054,Not Recommended,236370,21638763,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Xeinar dies a lot - ITA,"2/10No updates since ages, and when they come, they are so minimal and no content. The SP is repetitive, the MP has no player base.The game is dead, killed by the DEVS.Lesson learnt: NEVER BUY AN EARLY ACCESS GAME."
76561198036460971,Recommended,236370,25331994,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,"I'm sorry, I'm retarded",the core game is solid. But it took too long to develop the game. Now you can't see anyone in multiplayer. Need more PR maybe?
,Not Recommended,236370,14688730,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,weeFour,"Game has so much potential to be great, but unfortunately still has flaws, but considering it's early access and considering that these Devs are working extremely hard on the game and are annually releasing good updates, I cannot help but give this game a good review. Overall, it plays DECENT for a VERY early access game. There's room for optimization, but the Devs have already expressed plans to look into those problems. For what it is, it's a very PLAYABLE game. This game really gives you absolute immersion in the co-op missions, and it's so good that at times you WILL feel like you're trapped in a dark space station with zombie-like robots bearing down on you. The tension gets higher as the maps go on, and the dynamic maps are just beautifully realistic. With a few more updates, this game will look and feel amazing. I'm thoroughly excited for the first part of the Campaign to come out.If you're worried about the devs never releasing the game, don't be. The Developers are VERY community driven and constantly interact with the player base. They make ways and they haven't given up yet despite all the challenges the game has faced.For the price it's at, it's very worth it. The immersion is great, scary even, and this is the prologue, you're only fighting training bots. Can't wait for when the campaign drops and we actually have to face the horrors to come.Update - April 24, 2017It saddens me to say that this game will likely never achieve what it wants to me. A younger version of myself had high hopes for this game, believing in Zero Point Software and their so called ""passion."" I wonder what happened to all the love for the game, considering the entire Dev team, save for the head himself, has abandoned ship. I guess there wasn't much love for the game after all? It's disapointing so see that despite what should have been a succesful start, this game has fallen flat on its' face. Almost nothing has changed since the date I wrote the initially review for this game and it's unlikely anything will ever change."
76561198130184425,Recommended,236370,31321335,Posted: 23 April,all,Thai Army Reserve Kid,"Great graphic, nice story, tactical and realistic. I know you people want this game done fast, but this is a big game, though dev guys are making it quick, this game can't be done just in 1-2 years. Maybe they need a few more years but trust me, when it's done, your patience will be rewarded. Cheer up, people; Once a marine, always a marine."
76561198087439711,Not Recommended,236370,9988835,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,bmansk8,this is going to be the best shooter ever...or so i thoughtbut not as of now no.the game is not laptop friendly and needs to be optimized.great for desktop but not for the average gamer aka laptop user and or older desktop.the ai sucks even on its hardest and basicly rushes you and shoots randomly.pathing for the ai is even worse.no people play the game as well so no real fun multiy player aside from spawn camping and cheaters(note they fixed spawn camping but is still their with small lobbies in a way)over all fun game if it had any players online and if they acutally cared about it
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,236370,30106414,Posted: 22 February,all,ruwagrong,"Fun and immersive but nobody plays it. The graphics are awsome with the lighting, but it feels more like a tech demo than a game. Add a story, add more guns to pick up, make a co-op campaign.with human enemy AI. I cant recommend  this game because it is will not be finished but i did want it to succeed"
,Not Recommended,236370,33018408,Posted: 29 June,all,Mephistos Ghost,"Got the game years ago and it's had little to no development, and seems dead. Don't waste money on it."
,Not Recommended,236370,25255848,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fabian Gladwart,"It's not good and probably won't end up being good, sorry."
,Not Recommended,236370,7890394,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Shanix,"DEAD.The below was true when I purchased this game so many years ago:Goddamn this game guys.  It's not finished, but it's beautiful and they're working on it with all the time they've got.  The Devs are good guys, and they listen to EVERYONE.  Help 'em out!"
76561198046866168,Recommended,236370,14569422,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Kozak168881,Tbh yes this game is dead very dead but it was alot of promise and falre in what little life it has. I hope one day by some divine intervention this game will see dev. support again
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,236370,9413614,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,GuyOnAChair,"I'm very saddened by the state of the game and am sorry I can't reccomend it. I'm not sure what most of the team did when they were employed as now it's down to one man and Zero Point Software is no more and the last remaining developer/founder is broke. Where the money wen't is anyones guess but it seems whoever was hired ripped off the founder by not doing a thing while still being paid. I should know as I was there playing from the start and was even brought in to record some dialouge and voice over the trailer. Pictures of things were shown yet never added and it's most interesting idea (that being landsharks) never had any work done on them. Said work on sharks was instead placed with ""refferecing"" them."
76561197970293231,Not Recommended,236370,16617466,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Krodge,Appears to be abandoned.
,Not Recommended,236370,8488443,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,only_a_man,"Update: Looks like the game almost completely dead now, I thought it had promise, but some things just don't work out.Please watch some videos on youtube, including the dev's, before you buy, as many forget this is a early access game that doesn't have most of the features seen in their older videos, those videos were from their old version of the game when they were still working with the unreal engine, now they are working with the unity engine because of the 2008 depression making publishers pull out, so they had to start over and they have been working on the game for almost a year now(4/13/2014), the community is great and the devs are very determined to make this game real.For The Love Of The Game!"
76561198120347612,Recommended,236370,16508014,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AugustusTheVictor,"Game has a lot of potential. What would make this game even better, is if they added more guns at some point and featured more players for the co-op mode (Possibly 8)"
,Recommended,236370,16515272,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MrBerserk,"Interstellar Marines is honestly one of the few Early Access games I've had fun with. It's still missing a l=good chunk of its features and has its bugs and flaws, but if theey keep up the quality and attention to detail, this could be an incredible full release. I wouldn't expect to see that release for a solid 2-3 years at the minimum though..."
,Recommended,236370,13488474,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Deathe25,this game is really fun keep u on ur toes
76561198059168006,Recommended,236370,13729298,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Why so Sinister,I got this game and it was the best i highly recomend this if you love team work and stratagy missions and i look forward to this game being completed and i hope people will saport this game in the near fewture.
,Recommended,236370,13744183,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,moltile,"Simply put 3 hours and I feel buying the 4 pack was worth it already.Sorry for the short review but the game is really good. Bought the 4 pack, within the 3 hours of play time that I have had of this game I see the potential it and am willing (just like one of my friends that is also planning to do) to upgrade to the spearhead edition. It is atmospheric, a jumpy game (which I haven’t been jumpy in years) with gun play that I have been enjoying. Hope to update my review with additional info soon. To note the game is early access so here is what I have experienced which counted against it: pop in textures & enemies, a particular level has graphical bugs (tearing) and enemies don’t die properly"
,Recommended,236370,13750549,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DOGDWARF,"12/31/2014Surprisingly good and difficult. Captures a creepy, horror feel when playing through the campaigns and makes sure to test your reflexes in combat. One wrong move and it could be ""goodbye"" for you. But you'll want to go back and make it right, trying again to complete that mission.Yays:- Simple FPS that captures a space-stealth feel perfectly.- The enemies (robots right now) fit right-in.- The weapons feel like they work right, which is important in any FPS.- There's little weapon customization, but that's more of a ""get used to what you have"" skill to acquire.- There are a decent amount of maps and game modes to keep things fresh.Gripes:- Single-player is very tough, especially when enemies can one-shot kill you. This can be really frustrating if you've made it to the end of a mission, making one misstep and being killed from it.- The maps are humongous and its easy to get lost, forcing you to retrace your steps constantly (even with the markers)- No loadouts or preferences for how you want your weapons setup at the start of matches. Hopefully this is added later, since it's annoying to have to put the silencer, red dot, and flashlight all on at the start.- No previous weapon key input. Q is for the silencer, whereas its for ""last weapon"" in other games. This takes some getting used to.- Unfortunately, not too many people are on this game. Hope that changes soon! There still are a few people on at any time around the globe that you can catch a game with."
,Recommended,236370,13753226,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Miami Lawgiver,Wanna live forever?
,Recommended,236370,13754461,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Choco,"its a very great game,it's a bold game that challenges the norm of Fps shooter games,i say grabe a spot now,cuz its olny gonna get better and better."
,Recommended,236370,13164844,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PoXeW,scary!!!
,Recommended,236370,13026237,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PikeyS999,"This game is amazing. This game is in it's first stages so there isn't lots in it, but it has great multiplayer and when it's finished they say it will have 27 different fully customisable guns. They have 2 guns at the moment, a SMG and an Assault Rifle, both can now use a silencer if you press Q. There is a great co-op style to this game, one big mission (at the moment) and all maps are going to have there own missions to play single player or co-op. This game looks extremely promissing and rarely has any massive bugs when they update it. I reccomend it, either buy it now, or wait a bit longer for more features to come out. Visit their website to see what it will include when it's finished(http://www.interstellarmarines.com/).9.5/10"
76561197973842419,Recommended,236370,13680170,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ozylanthe,"Great game, LOTS of potential!current weapons loadouts are limited to one set of gear.Good map rotations, good robot AI, scary single-player without the use of gore at all!A very good value for the price."
76561197972007118,Recommended,236370,14470009,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,philcore85,"Listen for the footsteps, try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself, complete the mission."
12234567876543456,Recommended,236370,14470102,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,James Berd,Maybe zero point is illuminati333/Illuminatiwould play again
76561198046341681,Recommended,236370,14453185,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Stairs (Not Frustrated),"The game runs very well, the controls are solid and it is quite fun. While the only real downside is the lack of content (mind you this is early access), there are 2 full Singleplayer/Co-Op missions available, plus multiplayer it seems like the devs are very dedicated and I look forward to seeing what the future has in store for this game. The first person view is in my opinion better than some triple A games out there (looking at you Cod and BF), and the gameplay is very tactical.TL:DR get game, get friends, play game, enjoy"
,Recommended,236370,14470608,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stump,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥. If u want hard core action non stop ♥♥♥♥ing high testosterone balls ♥♥♥♥ing shooting/scare fest of robots that will analy penatrate you?! This game will do that just for you babygirl. Btw the maps weather and♥♥♥♥♥♥changes so fast its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome soooooooooooooooooooo ya...........
,Not Recommended,236370,14471183,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Burraku,"As rick james would say. DARKNESS. everything is black unless you use a light. Normally human eyes can adjust with the absense of light. But in this, you're as blind as a bat unless u use flashlight or lazer which reveals your position. I havent been able to play online in this at all cause the server browser is more broken than BF4 on launch.. Cant say I recommend this to anyone until they actaully get the build to be stable."
76561198058960683,Recommended,236370,14475833,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PurelyPureness,"This is a great game with brilliant graphics and great sound. The only negative is that it lacks content and there are lots of small frame rate drops, glitches and stops. There are only two guns and a handful of maps which I hope would increase over the next few patches but the frame rate drops and glitches make the game a little bit hard to play smoothly.Overall this is a great game and you should buy it when it is on special (full price is a little too expensive)."
76561198071849861,Recommended,236370,15528093,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,darth succ,"great fun with friends, really spooky co op"
76561198136091365,Recommended,236370,15571369,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TBP (Bacon),LOVE IT
76561198093786970,Recommended,236370,15575553,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lieutenant Hocus,WHERE ARE THE LANDSHARKS! :D
76561198053622686,Recommended,236370,15393377,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,mjgppg,"I really like the stealth based gameplay and the overall look and feel of the game.  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes multiplayer, stealth based, first person shooters.  There are usually not very many people playing multiplayer at any given time, but I have never had too much trouble finding joinable games.  However, since this game is early access, understandabley there are still improvements which could be made.  I would like to see weapon pickups and a class system brought in as well as controller support.  Most of all, I was impressed with this games utilization of destructable lights and how the light levels affected the stealth gameplay even in multiplayer mode.  This really added a second layer of strategy since while destroying lights can prevent you from being seen by the enemy, it also prevents you from seeing the enemy.  The game also uses the sounds of footsteps and gunfire to force the player to think twice before sprinting across the map or opening fire on an enemy.  Overall, I really enjoyed the gameplay and dynamics of Interstellar Marines and hope that the community will expand as more people discover the entertainment value of this game."
76561198051132285,Recommended,236370,15493295,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Chris Pee Bacon,"Really nice game, sadly it requires a fairly good machine to run and lowering the setting doesnt help much. Still, great game!"
,Recommended,236370,15493871,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[25th]Spacewolf242,This game is shaping out to be one of the best sci-fi's have every played and sometime they are going to add........wait for it..............................SHARKS WITH LEGS AS IF JAWS WAS BAD ENOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10 For the gameplay9/10 For the co-op (it will reach 10/10 when the sharks are added)8/10 For graphics (Still a good game)10/10 For the attention to detailOVERALL 100000000000/10 for the gameThis game made me sXXt gold and o.r.g.a.s.i.m.
,Not Recommended,236370,15494043,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ghostbear75,"I want to like this game.I bought it when I heard first person shooter, first contact with aliens, scifi. So far I have yet to see any of this.I do realize development takes time, I respect that, but all I have seen is multiplayer maps, a few solo missions, no story, and no alien contact.They really need to put more emphasis on what they promised, so far I have yet to see it.As such I cannot recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,236370,15496738,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Turtle,"The game mechanics themselves are good. the gun play is realistic with controllable spray patterns (actually kinda feels like CS GO). the character you play experiences exhaustion when running or jumping too much, rain gets on your visor and stuff....BUT, It's just a bunch of disconnected levels set in a sci fi like environment. Theres no story or plot of any kind its just shooting robots. Cool i guess but i couldnt stay engaged in it AT ALL. without having a story, a reason for being there and doing what i am doing it is very hard to feel connected to the game at all."
76561198011045069,Recommended,236370,2685101,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,HCP,too early access game
,Recommended,236370,15406799,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Evan Black,"I usually wait until I have more hours behind a game before I review, but just a few hours you will know all you need to know.This review will ONLY be about the co-op. I get bored very fast in pvp shooters.Firstly this is a fairly tactical game. Running and jumping around like a moron, will likely get you killed very quickly.You really should learn CQB to play this game properly. Tactically clear rooms as a team, know your sectors of fire, effectively use cover and plan your reloads. Stay close and watch each others backs. Follow those simple rules and you will rock this game.Be prepared to have nightmares about a cross breed of terminator/cylons.The visual and audio effects really make the hair on my neck stand up sometimes. lolThat robot chatter messes with your mind! Awesome job there! lolAs it stands now the game over time will feel little repetitive after a few hours of play.Not really enough missons to keep it fresh and new. It is however random and challenging enough to keep it playable.I'm sure this will get better over time. A long rainbowsix style coop story would be awesome.A few things this game needs.Private dedicated server option.Better US servers. Really why do Europian servers have better ping?More coop missions and/or story.This game gets extra points for beautiful linux play!Really great job there!note: you might need to play windows fullscreen if you have mouse pointing issues."
,Recommended,236370,5157061,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,s†rider,Now this looks like it's going to be an incredible venture. Looks so cool so far.... Gonna enjoy this one. Coop anyhow!
,Recommended,236370,16028009,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,portal2trollin,Have never been more scared of robots in my life.
76561198084013849,Recommended,236370,16099253,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ghosthyde ن,An awesome concept that they are continuing to improve.
,Recommended,236370,16019750,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,crazymintz13,"This is coming along very nicely. I purchased the Spearhead edition about a year and a half ago, when I first played it I was not very impressed, but now that I played it again I am very impressed with their progress. This can be a great game!I have decent PC specs so it should look good on most computers (amd 8320 CPU, Radeon R9 270 graphics, 24 gb Ram)Here is a link to some of the gameplay.http://plays.tv/video/556509466e92eccff0"
,Not Recommended,236370,15783256,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BaNNshEy,"Until they add any real degree of Graphics options (model quality, FOV, texture quality, world quality, other De Facto settings in FPSs. ect, ect) I am going to have to give this a no go.Zero Point may hide behind the shield of Early Access, but you usually make you game run decent BEFORE you just jump into content, not the other way around. 3+ years of Active Development should have at have some kind of optimizations, but we just have a rough 1 frame per second for a moderate system."
76561198068286142,Not Recommended,236370,15787883,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,MrWaffles,"for 18.99$ its not worth it,if you can get it on sale then go for it.nothing over the top from this.2 guns and 2 Mobs.can do everything in this game within a day.also rank means nothing and gets rolled back all the time,the full game might be alot better but for early access i would say wait, buy it on sale so when the full game is done for 30$ u would get it for 6 or 7."
76561198069614403,Recommended,236370,14410702,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Addicted2Breathing,For ealy access this game has some serious potential. Granted its a bit limited on extra's but they are all coming! Totally worth the money if you ask me
,Recommended,236370,14411417,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DaReaper95,"This game is beautiful, but ultimately has been in development for far too long. I want more out of it than it offers. I want a story I can engage in. I want more weapons. I want more engaging enemies. Right now there isn't a whole lot of that going on. Ultimately I can JUST BARELY recommend it in its current state.Pros-Solid Competative Multiplayer.Weapons are satisfying.Minimal glitches.In game voice chat.Cons-2 guns.Co-Op/Missions are repatative.Enemies are faceless robots, and therefor not very emotionally engaging.Ranking up seems pretty meaningless."
,Recommended,236370,14411517,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Spoooooky Beef,"I really enjoy the game and the idea of it, it still needs a lot of updates specificly for more guns an actuall thing that you get from leveling up and a more indept settings page would also be appreciated. Overall a very good game that I'm happy that I could get."
76561198078240815,Recommended,236370,14411570,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,PredawnBelial,"I haven't played too much of it but this is great if you like to get immersed into games. I will say though that on mac you won't be able to play all the missions, some are too heavy on the lighting. It seems like it will be a great game when finished, I hope they continue adding more, it has great potential."
76561198089357434,Recommended,236370,14411622,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dayton Plays,Better then call of duty 10/10
,Recommended,236370,14418899,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mikeman997,Overall opinion: great gameit is fast paced while keeping you on your toes leading to careful manovering and stealth much like real life. the elements of stealth and the fact you feel like you only need one good shot to take someone down is gratifingthere are some frustrating elements to the multiplayer the respawn time can be overly long but the main issue is the lack ofenforcement of fair play. If you spawn in your base you expect to have a moment before your head is blown off by a guy camping outside which is rage quit inducing it would be high on my list for an update.
,Recommended,236370,14419299,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,peekoplayz,great game love it its cool  you should play it
76561197980590855,Recommended,236370,14420225,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,=MUP=OX-and-BUCKS,Thank god its a game without zombies even though i do like zombie games.it just seems that every other game is a zombie apocalypse.Overall it get top marks and it made weasel poop his pants
76561197989570804,Recommended,236370,14420231,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,-LT- Tyrance,"Pros: The games atmosphere is awesome. I thought to myself, how robots could be scary, but playing this game proved that they really can be. The sound is awesome and adds alot to the overall atmosphere. Nothing like hiding in a corner reloading and hearing stomping and ""screaming"" somewhere around you. I haven't yet ran into any game breaking bugs.Cons: I really can't play this at night since I wake up my neighbours by screaming profanities when I get jumpscared.I hope to try co-op soon."
,Recommended,236370,14421877,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Twedy,This game is early access and i'love it so much its running smooth and fast but it have only 2 weapon at this moment
76561198072129367,Recommended,236370,14423501,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ozone,"awesome game so far,i can feel comfortable with the variety of options and enviroment."
76561198015916977,Recommended,236370,14423931,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,javaraz_39,Great game love it.
76561198086725444,Recommended,236370,14424031,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Monicar9829,"this is a brilliant game, its quite good once you get a hang of it and the casual gamer will soon be a challenge to experts and a helping hand in multiplayer. The bots can be killed quite easily but hate your flashlight and will shoot at you cause their jealous they dont have one ;) thanks for the free trial game creators, i will be shooting more money into steam to purchase it after the trial. Cant wait to see more games from you that we can try out and become addicted to. I rate this five bullets and a sandwich!"
76561198048908940,Recommended,236370,14424362,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,To the devs:Great mechanics and simplicity plus punchy shooting however I must say that this game is not worth a purchase until you add some graphical options and or seriously improve AMD optimisation because i can barely run it with what little options there are turned off and it looks kinda average so dont take it personally but I will probably not play it much until it comes out of Early Access.On the other hand i did not experience a single bug outside of framerate issues so fantastic job so far.
,Recommended,236370,14424583,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gregg Wallace,"Need to allow for people to host their own servers easily and let friends co-op more naturally, but apart from that, I am buying this game!"
,Recommended,236370,3024272,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Novice,Get it. Why? 'Cause I told you to.
,Recommended,236370,14425640,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Reggae Shark,"update 17 : review (so far)pro's : visually amazing so far, * hoping for improvements ;), Good flow of combat, ideal UI, simplistic and fun, minimal clipping with objects and pace of cobat is quick, lively and challengingcons: cant melee, cant shoot an enemy at point blank (barrel comes out of theire back), AI sometimes get confused and runs into walls and stuff like that,reccomendations :  melee / choice of melee wepons / ie. fist, stock, knife etc.., lens flares for days .. because everyone knows that space has lens flares, smooth transition over obstacles (simmilar to a 'climb' object button, but, merged into the sprint function to ensure smooth, fast paced movement and combat at all times), and minor AI fixesBad glitches ? : Fell through an elevator during the tutorial by crouching and standing up and down (worse in corners)apart from that, keep up the good work, i hope many more updates and improvements will come in the future"
,Recommended,236370,14426944,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,RoboMoose66,best game ever
,Recommended,236370,14427033,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,VG_Pumpkin ToT,"it is TERRIFYING if you are easily scared or startled, nearly gave me a heart attack many times. its fun to play though"
,Recommended,236370,14478231,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Steppy20,Very good indie game
76561198037532616,Recommended,236370,14478943,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PROPHET79,"Love this game , it brings all of the elements in FPS Game that we love and admire , The Weapons Handle perfectly , the AI behaves as it should ,if you run too fast you will breath faster and it will dissoriante your focus .The Sound in the game is fantastic , true atmosphere as you can hear every tiny drop of rain or wind as you run thru the environment .Considering that  I.M  Interstellar Marines are still in development , so far they are doing a perfect job ""This Game has my 100% Full Support , And i would advise you to do the same , lets evolve Interstellar Marines into a FPS Shooter that PC Gamers been looking for quiet some time."
76561198040976204,Recommended,236370,14480637,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Darky Psycho,"Well, just leaving a quick note. As of right now, the game is good. It lacks content, but, hey... it's early access, what did you expect ? Not that much stuff, but what was brought is perfect. The devs really are listening to their community, which is really awesome... they put their heart into the game. Buy it if you like the genre, or even if you want to support these unusuals devs who are not here to make money, but to please the players and make a good game."
,Recommended,236370,14481253,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,}>Fluxy<{ 柚子,Like the game very muchthe graphics are amazingwelldone
76561197970866588,Recommended,236370,14483428,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CYBORG,Very promosing. SOUND is a standout in this game. Play it in a dark room with headphones...GREAT POTENTIAL
,Recommended,236370,14484832,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[ModMCdl],"Great game for being Early AccessThe movement is a little glitchy, and the manual reload can be annoying at times, but other than that, it's and awesome game with a LOT of potential!(However, I would reccomend getting it while it is on sale, at least until it improves a bit more)"
76561198142305617,Recommended,236370,14485358,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dragoon MK. W.O.L.F,"This is a good game, if you like shooting robots this is a game for you. graphics and gameplay are over the top. And theres a playground to in case you get bored and you can go behind the scenes of the game itself"
76561198011705639,Recommended,236370,14570013,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ishus,"If you like tactical shooters, this is the creme of the crop.  One of the best tatical shooters I've played. It's not your typical run in like a dumbass and kill everyone in the room type of game like Call of Duty. If you do not have your head on your shoulders or if a squadmate ♥♥♥♥s up, there are severe consequences.... you die. Definitely challenging, it forces you to work with your squadmates instead of the Lone Wolf-carry the whole team style that Call of Duty has created. I'm very excited to see the finished product of this game."
76561198049196386,Recommended,236370,14670386,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,StyxD42,"This game is very visually appealing, and features intense combat and surprisingly immersive situations. Also,KILLER ROBOTS IN THE DARK OH GOD WHY.Well worth the price."
76561198122572461,Recommended,236370,14671727,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,zabkills,the game is good. its loads of fun and the gameplay is awesome! but theres one downside. the enemies one shot you and its a little stupid. other than that the game is great!
76561198120232688,Recommended,236370,14672186,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,oldfootnewshoe,"I am really enjoying this game. At the sale price i feel i got a lot more than i paid for here at that price. I am a huge Cysis fan and at first boot, with my visor coming down, that is the feeling i got. The likeness ends there though as Interstellar Marines clearly has its own identity. I still laugh when one of the bots manage to sneak up on me - scares the crap out of you, and not just the first time. Well done. I love a game that makes my heart pound as i am being run-down by a bot without a gun - just fantastic feel. The game is only going to get better - i would recommend to any shooter junkie."
76561198174770193,Recommended,236370,14731601,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,The First Galactic Empire,"It's really good, and AWESOME!!!"
76561198106197329,Recommended,236370,14746600,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Whovian12 the Manatee Man,"Lovely design. Lovely gameplay. It COULD use more levels for story, but overall it's incredible."
76561198028684483,Recommended,236370,14737060,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Berik,"Amazingly polished game that even in early release days, has unique content to offer. Looks great if you rig can handle the gig. Immersion is paramount in this game, as is dynamicity; you can shoot out any and all lights, removing your helmet disables your hud, even down to the camera tilt when you're hauling♥♥♥♥♥across a hallway all adds realism to a fast paced and tactical FPS with unique story and missions. This game is amazing! And it's not even done yet! Great game, unlimited potential."
76561198155194765,Recommended,236370,14737297,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Galeforce_Wrath,This game is TERRIFYING! and amazingly fun :3
,Recommended,236370,16042853,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Raznet,"Ive been playing the first few campaign missions and the game is still quite unstable, but man is it looking and feeling better and better! Cant wait for the full game and get to kill something other than robots. Other than that good job guys, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,236370,16052684,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CrispyCTW (Hicks),"0/10 Bots made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pantson a serious note, i'd say 10/10 for immersion, little things like the water effects on your visor and it fogging up when your suit systems go down, you can also make your mask/visor rise to prevent this.The game needs a slight bit of optimization work, I recently upgraded my computer and my old one (12 gigs of ram, 2.4Ghz 6 core i7 and an nvidia GTX 660) had a bit of trouble running itThe game is in alpha so it still does need some tweaks but there is a lot of content for alpha. There are 2 campaign missions and 5 side horde mode/bot elimination style missions, all of which can be played in CO-OP. alongside these is a PVP multiplayer system.Even in its current state I would say it is worth the money to play with some friends"
76561198084865967,Recommended,236370,15938623,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Hawksbri,"Lots of potential, lots of fun in Multiplayer, and hell, just doing co-op is fun! Helps you work with friends and even random people, when they actually LISTEN... alas, first world problems.Devs are rarely responsive to people who send them actual input on how to fix things, and game lags everywhere, especially in the storyline missions. NeuroGen Incident map is REALLY laggy, but fun. Good for a scare, as the CTRs make sounds that are akin to Aliens, and can sometimes come out of nowhere, reminiscent of Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 on the XBOX360. The reason NeuroGen Incident is usually so LAGGY, is because when you start, they LOAD THE ENTIRE MAP. You can glitch things to not happen in order, which isn't how it's supposed to go, but best to go in teams of two when doing such things, makes the game more interesting. The lag is what kills it though. The other co-op map, Assault on StarCrown, is much better, as it MUCH smaller and deals up larger areas, making it a player favorite, when it IS available.Servers in Co-Op are, sadly, set to their maps, and DO NOT CHANGE, when it should. For co-op, though, there are only two maps for a storyline, where there are almost a dozen mixtures for much smaller maps, and even several that deal in the multiplayer maps of taking out the CTRs, survival, objectives, etcetera.Do I suggest this game? When it is fully completed, or if you really want to get in on stuff and even be on the list of people who helped support the game in early access, then feel free to buy it. It's fun either way, much as it still has a LOOOOOOOOOOONG way to go."
76561198117122025,Recommended,236370,16104917,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ur mom lol,"This game is amazing from what i've seen. i have only played the free trial steam gave me, and i loved it. It is extremely immersive, and nearly flawless, even gave me a few scares because of the ambient sounds and lack of music."
76561197971367936,Recommended,236370,16108959,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,A1,"AWESOME and very immersive, may cause anxiety."
,Not Recommended,236370,14554133,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,! Taz the Husky,Very buggy and lack of content for being worked on for this long. (May change review as the game gets more updates)
,Recommended,236370,14556430,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Keyser Söze,"This game has been absolutely fantastic so far, and I cannot wait to see where you guys take it. It has been a while since I have actually been excited about a video game, so thank you for providing me with this experience! This game offers a unique FPS experience that resembles a battlefield/rainbow six game, which is quite thrilling considering they are two of the best FPS's to date. Moreover, the mechanics of the game are smooth and the three-environment cycle on each map adds a certain wow factor to each game; this takes away some of the monotony that FPS's often possess. The maps are well designed and the only current game mode enthralls me to no end. I would be curious to see what other game modes you guys are thinking of; most certainly a team deathmatch or a search and destroy mode would be enticing. For an early-access game, this game is very refined and well-functioning, keep up the great work, guys! Love this game! 10/10 would buy for all of my friends."
,Recommended,236370,14558287,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,✪ n1puma4,very fun and enjoyable. highly recomended!
76561198087924737,Not Recommended,236370,14563381,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,damon9191,i have already purchased this game how come i cannot play it.i will not pay twice
76561198179070474,Recommended,236370,14569995,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,alicia.rau,this game is the best you really play it
,Recommended,236370,14592301,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Mixty,i recommended this game because this game was fun if you play co-opin multi player you vision will be test because if the map turn pitch black you can't see other player run in your back or it just pass you like you never on that spot you can just see player with flash light if you turn on your flash light on enemy player can spot you and kill you
76561198044023118,Recommended,236370,13172431,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Saber[X],"Great concept, servicable mechanics = Solidp.s still waiting for mechanical killer sharks XD"
76561198000385805,Recommended,236370,13175564,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Vansterhant,"This game is like Dungeon based MMO's only in FPS and this game has very few players so if you're planning to buy this, you need to consider a few things.Pros:-Brings a scary feeling when playing alone/solo-Graphics-Realistic combat-Cinematic feel-Very few players but you'll always find a game-Unique-It's like Warframe but more realistic and in FPSCons:-You'll play against bot more often-PvP is 4v4 only and is slow paced-A raiding type shooter with no story, yet.-Still has very few content, 1gb game size-No customizationSo unless you can stand the cons then i recommend this game, if not then wait for the game to get a little bit more bigger before getting early access. So far this game has a huge potential and i'm very satisfied, recommending for now because it's sale."
76561197972884778,Recommended,236370,13290091,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Laggnog(Chubbybob),I love this game even with limited updates and it still being early release. The single player levels are challanging and actually scary. If you get bored with that there are several challange levels that are also amazing or multiplayer modes that I am SOO makeing friends get this so they'll play with me! Overall sci-fi fear rush game that is right up my alley.
,Recommended,236370,13269687,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lord Hatchi,"So I have owned the game for a while now and have not played it as much as I should because of how intense it is trying to play the Neurogen Incident on realistic solo... that and my headset is garbage and keeps cutting sound out.But to keep it short and simple, all I have to say is that the developers are succeeding at what they say they are trying to do with this game, its realistic, its fun, you actually need to work together to succeed in the co-op, trying to run and gun gets you killed, etc. etc.So would definitly recommend, and I am glad I am supporting such a game, can't wait for the full release to happen."
,Recommended,236370,13141825,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EDSman11,Ran into a dark room without my flashlight turned on and got molested by robots.11/10 Would get molested again.
,Recommended,236370,13147597,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Memeloaf,"Amazing Game, the best early access game I have played on steam. Well done."
,Recommended,236370,13194480,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Oxide206,"I've only just started playing this game and I love it. If you took the claustrophobia from parts of Natural Selection 2, the low-lit environments and fast enemies from FEAR 2, put it in the setting of Dead Space and replace the aliens with robots, you would come pretty close to getting this game.The levels are full of tight corners and poorly lit areas with death around every turn. Teamwork is essential or you won't make it out. Your characters look like complete badasses and you will get pumped the first time the dropship ramp lowers and you pour out of it, but the feeling will be short lived as you start to quake in your boots in a dark space station inhabited by homicidal I-Robots.TL:DR, got donkey punched by Sunny from I-Robot. 10/10 would play again."
76561198049757440,Recommended,236370,13121528,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Brondan Stiffleson,"Had this game for quite some time now. I gotta say they've optimized this really well in the time it's been out. Also lots of cool features have been added like this mode where you verse robots and take points. Tell you at 12:30am in the morning I was crapping myself, especially during the sections when the map goes dark. Really good to see they are implementing more and more features that reflect on the idea of trainiing to be an Interstellar Marine!"
,Recommended,236370,13207327,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,djentjew,"I bought this game during very early access (only shooting dummies in singleplayer and a multiplayer with only one weapon) and enjoyed watching it get better and better with updates. It is incredibly fun yet very challenging. I showed my dad once, and he said it reminded him of games he played in his 20's (1980's). The game does not have a story (the survival modes have some of a story), but I still enjoy it. I recommend this game to anyone who has a couple spare hours every few days, and to anyone who thinks that a modern twist on old school tactical FPS is awesome."
76561198041257260,Recommended,236370,13180721,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DeadSun,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously, this is an Early Access Game and I'm really excited for the full version.Very inmersive, very challenging (on realistic), great atmosphere (you'll wanna creep all the time and be stealthy as ♥♥♥♥), 8.5/10 graphics my computer ain't the best so, ♥♥♥♥s you up in a second if you're a rambo Cod Player etc.All in all: Beautiful and solid, ♥♥♥♥ing good game"
,Recommended,236370,13069940,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hyper,"Awesome for an early access, I want to fight Landsharks and more weaponry but other than that its cool. 10/10 would disable suit system again"
76561198101253638,Not Recommended,236370,13104764,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jeb's Guacamole,"I have very mixed emotions about this game, its fun and daring, but i just dont ""get"" what the game is supposed to be about, and its really confusing. If the game was a lower price i would recommend it, just not worth buying it."
,Recommended,236370,13101417,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tekadept,"This is a fun game so far, Very atmospheric and can sometimes make you jump.Definitely needs a lot more work , which hopefully will be coming but on sale is worth it , especially if you have someone to play co-op missions with."
76561198161010631,Recommended,236370,14687451,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[Proma] Slendrei,has great graphics requires little power and i think it will be the next generation call of duty or battlefield its very realistic
76561198014496888,Recommended,236370,14676424,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ProfessorOne,This is one of the best FPS I've ever played.  Its up there with CS.  I look forward to further updates and developments.
76561198147349459,Recommended,236370,14927959,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BRACKENATOR,This game IS SO FUN!!!!! I did not think it would be very good but its just so fun!
,Recommended,236370,14978610,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Evil Mechanical Goth Santa,"Now that there is singleplayer, Interstellar Marines has gone from being pretty good to being absolutely awesome. I havent done much coop or multiplayer but from what i have done i would say it is great, and the singleplayer missions will infuriate you, but leave you feeling pretty damn good when you do complete them. The only bad thing i would say about this game is that there arent many weapons. A better choice of weapons and being able to swap them out on the go during a mission with ones that enemies have dropped would make this game more-or-less perfect for me. Definetly recommend :D"
,Recommended,236370,14979208,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Callum Mc,"Okay so heres how it is. The game is good. Not great. However it has the potential to be amazing. What we'ree really lacking here is content and a complete list of game mechanics but as it stands it is playable, intense and the animations, atmosphere and immersion are all amazing traits."
,Recommended,236370,15109886,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,niss,"Well, I love this game, but there are next to no players."
,Recommended,236370,13036938,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Rasora,Robots and the environment made me♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks 11/10
,Recommended,236370,13458323,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,aluminum,The little i played it i enjoyed it but since my computer was a POS it was i couldent play it on the lowest settings without facing a mass amount of lag. i recommend it
76561198047522646,Recommended,236370,13629352,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nam3p3nding,"While the developers have made slow progress over the years, things are slowly coming together and I am willing to enjoy what they have now. I am also excited to see what they can turn this game into in the future."
,Not Recommended,236370,19701950,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ginrou,"Of all the games i've gotten over the last 10 years, this is probably my biggest regret. I was roped in by the prospect of this becoming an awesome sci-fi coop shooter and I can tell you that in its current state (and probably for a long time to come) this is nothing but. from the get go it's been nothing but a subpar multiplayer fps. I seriously question the direction of their development. It seems like they're more focused on stupid little things that can be touched up later, like how rain looks with your helmet on and off, than actual content. Just take a look at their sad updates... ""added: chat log to global chat"". something like this might matter at all if they actually had a decent player base. I can say this game has singlehandedly made me wary of steam's greenlight projects or any other from of early release."
76561198036735214,Not Recommended,236370,19701337,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jehrokc,"Well there have been some changes i suppose, but my suggestion is a definite No. For two main reasons:1. The Developers are busy developing minutia and tiny little tweaks to 'this and that', when they should be developing content and the tweaks happen only occasionally.  I mean really... crouching has it's own update?! it's literally three animations on a pre-existing 3d model, moving a collider and a camera adjustment!  That took three months of players begging for it to do? No, It is not going anywhere. I ""clock in"" every few months to explore the new content they put in. I bought this game a year ago. 2.5 hours of content over a year, you figure out if it's worth $15.2. nothing is innovative or especially good about this game. i can deal with wierd or slow if it's got something really new to bring, but... it's dark. that's it. this game plays like every other fps these days. The ONLY difference I see between this and one of the older call of duty games is the darkness. Not the metaphorical kind either, just regular darkness. You must use your flashlight or laser to see or you can wait in the dark and shoot random people in the back as they walk by because hey, COD+hard to see=REALISM!This Game has nothing to offer you, no cool story, no great moments, no awesome guns, no cool community. Sincerely, as one gamer to another, don't buy this. it will only end in dissapointment."
,Recommended,236370,6345616,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Yuki Kitsune of Hokkyokuken,This is a game made for Players and Helpped by the Players to make it a Funner game for all! :D
,Recommended,236370,19696136,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,Its pretty good.
76561197979196941,Recommended,236370,19704366,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,swahilikongen,Another great Danish game being made by great Danes!  But where is svensken?
,Recommended,236370,19834127,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ovidious,"Let's start with the good:-The graphics are nice-Movement is fluid and nice to use-Nice environment and plenty of maps-Fun 2 player co op missions-Regular updatesNow, the bad.-Small community(One multiplayer server is occupied, which equates to 8 people playing the game at once.)-Lack guns and variation.-Server lag, due to the lack of players.-Ugly user interfaceI really like this game, however the lack of players really sets me off, and it was hard to recomend. But, if you have a friend that is willing to pay the money along with you, the co op will be a good expirience."
76561198068539365,Not Recommended,236370,13698429,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Soviet,"Little change in my review here. This game has great potential and some cool concepts and ideas. The game works right now but I can't give it the reccomendation I gave it before. Some maps are still unoptimized and are extremely unstable. The only major things to come to this game have been hell week and a bunch of gameplay tweaks. Still no sharks or any of the other weapons in the concept art. If the game was like this after it was released it would be acceptable but it is long past that time. Don't buy this game until the developers add in some major updates. That is, if the jig isn't already up too high."
,Not Recommended,236370,13883064,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,.N.A.R.D.,y?
76561198104652171,Recommended,236370,12945254,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Entain,Awsome gam! One of the most intense I have ever played and it's full of suprises!
,Recommended,236370,12946519,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Triiodine ✇,"They added robots that always seem to be behind you when you put a keycard in a door. Terrifying on your own, not so in co-op, oh and the multiplayers nice."
,Recommended,236370,13157002,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Shukazé,"Good game, still not much content such as sidearms or even a melee function. Servers are mostly crap, I live in Australia and not even a 100ms server is sufficient, my guess is the game is not optimized enough for a near no latency reponse. Everytime I fire there is about a 1 second delay and sometimes even I ghost where the drones hit somewhere else and I take damage. My internet is fine, I get around 37ms 16Mb/s down and 800Kb/s up, no shaping. My computer is also fine, i5 -3570, 8GB ram,  2GB 7870HD. So please do not blame anything on my end, it's definitely the game and/or it's servers.I'm sure it'll improve but right now it's nearly unplayble. I rarely get good matches out of it."
,Recommended,236370,12978424,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WolfsStrike,they are doing what they said they would and its has come along in the way they said it would is worth the money i spent keep up the good work
,Recommended,236370,13083004,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,mangekyoCRikiT,Best Co-op experience I have had in years!  Make sure you get copies for your friends!
76561197970017731,Recommended,236370,13152456,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,2legs,"wow. pretty damn fun game play.be nice to have a few more weapons types to choose from. and differnet enemy types to fight but i know this is early access.and be nice to have revive mechanics that work more regularly.and the ability to smack the robots back with your rifle butt. marines are tough.but wow, best team work gameplay ever.coop rules.PVP not so good yet."
,Recommended,236370,12970872,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,El Hugzo,The perfect cure for constipation:Put helmet onDoors openDeserted ShipGo into the air ventDrop in to a roomFlickering lightsPounding foot stepsSomething charges out of the darkness♥♥♥♥♥♥my pantsDieCryClose the game.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,236370,12642192,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Da Kang,I think the game is awesome so far graphic wise. I think the game needs a few more weapons even if it is a pistol7/10
,Recommended,236370,7890235,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,sGerli,"This game is awsome but still under development, it has lots of potential, buy it if you like game like halo, and C.O.D. And with the Neurogen Incident update now it has co-op and it may scare you in some parts."
76561198169014566,Recommended,236370,14411666,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Facepalm Inc.,"I love it! It's a great stealth game, with lots of ways to complete your objective.Pros: Optional silencer, great graphics, and for players who love challenges.Cons: little health (you die from 2 hits),  sky box doesn't have very good resolution,  has very late warnings. (Gets shot, dies, then gets ""Look out for reinforcements"" from your intelligence), and only has 2 wepons----------------------------------------------------------Update--------------------------------The game has a dying player base, mostly because the lack of updates. The devs are struggling to make ends meet, which is quite sad. The game now have character skins, an extra gun, new modes, ect. I still recomend the game because its real fun, you just should bring friends (unless you're MLG)."
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,236370,13290817,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Proxy,"So my original review of this game was good but then after a year on steam the game has still basically  nothing  new.ooo look they added in a new mission, crouching, silencers, and player/weapon skin colors in a year thats all they did.ever since people saw the game they wanted the robot mech thing and the devs are like Nope!ever since people first saw the game they have wanted the shark monsters devs are like Nope!ever since people saw the game and the devs blab about story rich game they wanted a campaign, devs are like Nope!ever since the game came out people wanted more guns and the devs are like Nope! well just give you one of the guns reskinned and can only use semi-auto fire.nothing has chanced and this POS has been ""in production"" since like 2002 and they got jack all of a crappy unoptimized game that has very little content.the call adding crouching a blooody update. WHAT KIND OF FPS DOESNT START OUT WITH CROUCHING!and the dev support?? there is none just one guy sitting at a desk watching saps buy this game, while drinking coffee.and if you want this for co-op goodluck no one plays this waste of space game EVER!THE ONLY COOL THING IN THS GAME IS THE WEATHER CHANGES DURNING GAMEPLAY"
76561198066615170,Not Recommended,236370,26423761,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,THEOTHERJESTER,It's a shame that this game never was finsihed and probably will never be.
,Not Recommended,236370,26419242,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,JerZ,"Purchased this game before i could grow a beard because it had some decent ground work and i liked the concept. I am now 21 years old and a man, but this game is in the same state as it was. Enough said. Not going to say it wont ever be finished just dont got any expectations for it to be... not angry just dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,236370,25626132,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Von Karagiann,"Thank god I paid only 10-15 euros, Ive played way to little of this game and it wasnt good, I realy hope it gets better when when and if releases, cause its way unbalanced now unfortunatly I cant refund it"
76561198040997218,Not Recommended,236370,8216194,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dil Kirk,"When this game had originally come out in early access I had given it a thumbs up for its concept and future promise...however, that was about 2 years ago, now it's pretty dead community wise and I see no further progression (i.e. absolutely no campaign) the devs seem way too focused on multiplayer which is killing this game because there is little to no community who plays it...for this reason I am changing it to a thumbs down and can not recommend."
,Recommended,236370,26083424,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Der Muede Krieger,"Considering the game is still in pre-release at the time of this writing, this game has a lot of potential. A very nice break from the monotony of the call of duty and similar franchises"
76561198061952724,Not Recommended,236370,26123051,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Roach Clip,3 years ago was told this was going to be a video game....
,Not Recommended,236370,26097810,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Maplealvon,Had potential years ago. The slow trickle of updates have nearly stopped and it's nowhere close to its goals.
,Not Recommended,236370,14817205,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AOB,"While I recommended this game at first, I have to change my review due to its lack of improvement over the last year.Let me begin by saying that this game has so much potential to be a great sci-fi shooter. It has all the pieces of the puzzle to make it awesome. That being said, the puzzle is a complete mess. The controls are very awkward and the gameplay is confusing. For example, when you pick up a gun, you have to immediately reload and/or find ammo for it. This is contrary to nearly every other shooter which typically has plenty of ammo and automatically reloads. It gets very frustrating, very quickly. Next, the FPS is horrendous. My computer has beyond the recommended requirements, and I can barely scrape up 20 FPS while playing single player. Finally, the game has been in early access for several years, and no improvement has been made to it since I bought it back in March of last year. It is a shame that a game with so much potential has yet to get the care that it deserves from its developers.Here's my suggestion. Skip the game for now. Wait until it gets out of early access, or at the very least until they fix the main issues.To whoever disliked all my ratings, you're an idiot."
,Not Recommended,236370,16267588,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Time Vault,"Barely gets updated, when they actually add more stuff I'll change my review."
,Recommended,236370,6855226,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Doctor Edgelord,You're such a ♥♥♥♥ing hebeYou're always freebasing penniesYou went to a plastic surgeonAnd got your nose enlarged[Chorus:]You've got a tattoo of a penny- you're a hebosaurusYour uncle's Murray Lender- You're a hebosaurusYou know all the words to Yentil- you're a hebosaurusYou're breath smells like a bagel- you're a hebesaurusYou have a yamaka welded on your headYou've tried to shoot up moneyYou beat off inside of banksI want to stuff you in an oven[Chorus:]You've got a tattoo of a dradle- you're a hebosaurusYou idolize Gene Simmons- you're a hebosaurusYou think Scott Ian's cool- you're a hebosaurusYour breath smells like matzoballs- you're a ♥♥♥♥ing hebosaurus
,Not Recommended,236370,14526003,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SHADOWxWOLF,So ive had this game for about 3 years now. when i first say it i was fairly impressed in fact my review was recommended for the 3 years but now i have to change it to not recommended. right now i might change it in the future. i had high hopes for this game. the gameplay is still fun but there is not enough there to keep the players playing and because of this the servers are dead you might find between 2-12 players at a given time or sometimes no one is online. that being said i still do like the game. the fights that you can have can be fun even in pich black darkens makes you rely on sound to figure out were your enemies are. its fun but again there is not enough there to keep intrests there a a few weapons  thats it. and you have all the weapons all the time. there is no selecting weapons before you start the game. player spawn is a bit long it takes about 2 min just to spawn back into the map. also another reason why most people stopped playing. i just really hope they breath life back into this game soon before its to late.
,Recommended,236370,25492973,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Sl0th_Actual,interstellar marines is an amazing tactical shooter that is great co-op with friends you know with discord or teamspeak. i would not recommend playing it alone but that works too. thats all i have to say so far with my limited playtime
76561197969688913,Recommended,236370,9799215,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Kapt'n K,"As much as I would like to not recommend this game, I cannot bring myself to give it a bad score. It has been in early access for well over a year now, but it is still $9 for a copy of it. I can't dislike a company that offers their product at a fair price for what it is. I have played quite a few hours of this game, more time than I spend with two lattes at the same price, and didn't necessarily feel like I was cheated out of my money, or convinced that I was buying something that doesn't work. The game functions, their updates are wonderful or at least were when I last tried one. Other than that would I recommend buying this game? true answer is no I would not, with the exception of you having an extra 9 dollars in your steam account and are itching for something slightly different in the FPS arena style game. So to make a long review short, if this game is ever fully launched I would definitely reinstall it on my computer."
,Recommended,236370,14445985,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,senescence420,"i played this on the free weekend and bought it instantly, great game."
,Not Recommended,236370,8495327,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,E-man,"This game alike its developers, is a big failure."
76561197997952823,Not Recommended,236370,21729693,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,The_Riddick,"They should have stuck to their guns and focus on a campign galaxy coop game like they originally intended but they put %100 focus on MP arena shooter which was a big mistake. They are a dime a dozen and majority of people who bought this was because of its original KS project goal.   Unfortunately I saw this comming the second they started embracing the whole overcrowded arena shooter idea, NOT WHAT I SIGNED UP FOR (or paid for unfortunately)."
,Not Recommended,236370,16148098,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,"[EDIT: UPDATED REVIEW] 13MAR2016(To see my previous review, it will be below the *** line)The development team lost the direction on what was the core of this game.  Hell Week was/is their biggest sin, and the first step on the road to recovery is to admit the problem.  They should stop defending or trying to make Hell Week work, seriously...drop it like a flaming potato.Hell Week sucks.This game needed more of what it was supposed to be--Co-Op campaigns, co-op related content, etc.In well over two years we've seen little to none.  So what happens to a tactical co-op game in Early Access when for over two years you don't focus on tactical co-op content, but other, convoluted and unrequested ideas/features/game-modes?  Failure.Avoid until the dev team (what's left of them) collectively uncorks their heads.*************************************************************************************************(original thumbs up and optimistic review from 02JUN2015, no longer applies)This game is awesome. It'll be even better when they fill it out with more content, but so far the groundwork is highly polished.  The controls, the aiming, everything is done RIGHT.  If this doesn't resurrect the co-op tactical-simulation [shooter], I don't know what will.Even as early access, it's well worth the price for what you're getting, even now.  They are systematically updating it with more content every few months."
,Recommended,236370,21815374,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gunpointbob,"Fantastic game, very atmospheric. It's very easy to see the directions they are going in and that being said I love the directions they are heading in. Fans of Rainbow six all the way to Tenchu will enjoy this game, as it delivers a wealth of gameplay, from stealth to run and gun, you can do it all! What's better than finishing a difficult mission? Doing it in half the time and then killing your squad by mistake. Get this game!"
,Not Recommended,236370,14587206,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bonescripter,Great idea concept. Progress is slow years kind of slow.
,Not Recommended,236370,21967568,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mr. Vladimir Putin,BAD OPTIMIZING AND FPS
76561197972333950,Recommended,236370,21973681,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,I want some gloves,this game is so fun i played the beta of it before it came out 4 years later i finally found it from a gamer picture in steam edit profile i love this game
76561197983848614,Not Recommended,236370,21627601,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,daddy,"This game has a lot of potential, I really enjoyed the ""campaign"" style map. This game is as immersive as they come, sometimes even a little spooky ;)The only reason I cannot recommend this game is because it hasnt changed in years and will probably never come out of early access. I spent 15 dollars on this and I think I got my money worth as I did enjoy it when I was playing it, but if you are going to buy this game and expect updates, think again.Shame :("
,Not Recommended,236370,21626214,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chunk,"the game is dead, don't buy it for the love of our lord and savior Jesus Christ.... and God."
,Recommended,236370,13561391,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Danski_The_Manski,Since then the game has become a bit more manageble but it's still hard as ♥♥♥♥ without a quicksave or autosave feature.
,Not Recommended,236370,21665748,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hiddo,"Bought this game to get a nice co-op, horror experience against robots and soon landsharks. However, the developers decided to switch focus to PvP, which in my opinion is a total mistake. Yeah, the game is really nice and small little updates are okay, but just now I saw a camo update that you can wear. Really? All this time and all they can give us is camouflage and minor updates? I was really hyped about this title but it gave me a valuable lesson that to not buy Early Access products.Let me show you some of the comments on their latest video:User: ""when you put shark monster?﻿""IM channel: "" Unfortunately not anytime soon, we need to secure funding from an investor or publisher first.""User: ""So basically never? You've promised so many things, and you've delivered none of it.﻿""If someone would tell me that they don't have the money to do this, I would ask you one question.- ""Why didn't they do it when they had the dosh?""One commenter pretty much summed it up:""They had a year of money from last year's steam winter sale (which, let's be honest, was driven by the excitement surrounding the co-op content they'd just released in their missions called Neurogen Incident and Starcrown). And they took that money and spent a year doing an engine port  and doing a PVP event called HELL WEEK. A whole year. And now they don't have money because surprisingly no one was buying the game in nearly the same numbers for PVP when this same guy in the video above once spoke of tactical co-op gameplay as the selling point/dream of the game.﻿""Another user said:""Yes your budget is low and your team is small but at the end of the day content and what people want have not been delivered quick enough, people lose interest and they lose it quick especially as to why gamers got excited in the first place, that first trailer with land sharks, I have supported you guys since day 1 on steam but the longer you take the more people you will lose, there's no doubt that you really want this to succeed but what are we now 5-6 years in the making? Strive for gameplay in that first trailer and I promise you people will come back! Just my thoughts take them as you will.﻿""Insert *thank you* gif here.Why didn't they put them in when they HAD money? I think that, the sprint system and small graphic enhancements are LESS important than NEW, EXCITING enemy that we're all afraid of, aren't they? Just think of meeting landshark in a vent with their freaky sound effects. Yeah, that's all you get, thoughts.I had some fun with my brother in this game but when robot shot us through the wall, when we were on the last straight from the hardest difficulty mission and when the next mission was bugged and because of a missing item we weren't able to proceed, we gave up.Don't get me wrong. I like the game and the tension, when you drop down from the went or listen carefully to noises, to guess the amount of robots that are inside the next room. The feeling, when you clear the pitch black room is really immersive and puts you on the edge but I really wanted this game to develop towards PvE.Unfortunately, I can't recommend this game. I really wanted to but at this point just wait for a major update and then consider buying it. Otherwise, move on."
76561197970506642,Not Recommended,236370,21633351,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Utah,Its dead..
,Recommended,236370,22019258,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Scorched,Update 25 is awsome but if you dont like waiting a long time for development then don't buy it. Development with their small team is slow but promising!
76561197960666064,Not Recommended,236370,13424157,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,GrinR,"Rainbow 6 meets Aliens in this exceptional FPS/Simulator.  Runs well on a 5-year-old machine (Core2Duo w/ GTX560Ti) which is remarkable for an unfinished game with well-delivered light and shadow effects.  The AI of the enemies is actually challenging - no standing around waiting for you to shoot them, they move, they flank, they will patiently wait until you're reloading your gun and MASH YOUR FACE.  Bring friends and forget about run-and-gun tactics, you're going to need team communication and cover to make it through the often punishing levels.Very, very impressive.Update about a year later: Still no meaningful Co-op, a years worth of effort poured into PvP, almost no one playing.  Oh well, it was a fun demo of what could have been."
,Recommended,236370,15117022,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TheRealTNT,"Updated review 18.3.2016I just played the update 25 version and I can now give a positive review.  The only reason I gave a negative before was because the game crashed before I could play it.  Now I've had a little bit of game time and it seems o.k. so I am giving it a thumbs up.  I like the futuristic marines type of atmosphere.  The guns are good, and the game seems quite professionally developed.  For the price I think it is a good buy and I hope more people buy it and give it a positive review because it looks like the developer needs the financial support.  I think this is a decent shooter that with support could be developed into something really good."
,Not Recommended,236370,9647727,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TDuffin,"If they can get funding and start moving forward to bring players back it might become a success, but I would totally avoid purchasing this game if you're looking for a finished title with a large playerbase, it is neither of those things.It's great, but it sorely needs new players and a publisher before they have to abandon it."
,Recommended,236370,20046282,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,A_Rittle_Bit_Sneaky,"The game has come a long way. I am very excited about this FPS for PC.My heart started pounding just during the intro tutorial!Tactical gameplay, great effects, GUNS ARE AWESOME, and HORROR!!!"
76561198084606615,Recommended,236370,20172197,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dank Gank,"It is an excellent simulation game with an excellent atmospher and graphics. However, the developers seem to be obsessed with their simulation and have completely ignored the campaign they advertised on their funding page. I would say it's worth investing in (when its on sale), but don't expect to be impressed just yet."
,Not Recommended,236370,20134594,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Andrew Patroclus,"2 years theyve had with this game. unturned, a free to play game, had made more progress in 2 months than this pos"
,Recommended,236370,20189202,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TicklishPickle,"This is a great game, if your computer can handle it. This is a beautiful game but it is a very demanding one. So if tou have a pretty beefy machine then get this game, if not then wait until the optimization is fixed."
,Recommended,236370,4103630,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,LawlFakers,"Interstellar Marines, even in its early phase gives a very welcome hardcore tactical First Person Shooter. Featuring a very realistic and unique Post-Modern/Science Fiction universe, this game puts you in the suit of a Marine, very immersive ambience gives you the feeling of being that marine.The lack of a HUD is a welcoming one, making players rely more on their own vision, rather then the game telling there is an enemy, it does have IFF, friendlies are indicated by green arrows above their helmets, and enemies not a all.My personal experience was very good, the friendly fire is something not many games dare do, which also gives a welcome challenge, and I do sincerely hope that Zero Point does not go all out with a HUD for infantry."
,Not Recommended,236370,17488484,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Unterleibsschmerzen,"EDIT: This is getting ridicolous. I used to like this game but at the speed it's being developed I just have to assume something fishy is going on. I bought the Spearhead-upgrade to help the people working on while they are clearely not doing that (anymore).This was my original review where I did recommend it:If you are coming over from reddit, you might have read the controversy on reddit about a video, that - more or less - is false advertising. To be honest, probably a bit more than less. Was it a smart or even noble thing to make a video like that? No. Was it actually a pretty creative idea? Absolutely. Should they have more visibly declared what they did in this video. Most definitely.Nonetheless, let's talk about the game, that has absolutely nothing to do with all of that:It's a legit game, it's fun, it's emersive, story is good, gameplay works, community rocks and you get what you pay for.Downsides might be that devs are really taking their time to roll out new stuff and that for what it does it really challenges your CPU.That is all."
76561198048712516,Recommended,236370,8328019,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Homunculus,Great Dev Team and an awsome foundation the only problem they have is that they dont have the money to fund iti hope to god they get a publisher or whatever cause this game is pretty cool
76561198056275036,Recommended,236370,19429666,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,|FOS|. Awperator,"Upon playing it more, putting time effort and stuymbling accrosed thier facebook and youtube pages i feel very different about this game and especially the bright future it hasI'm very hopefull"
76561198056247550,Not Recommended,236370,21677131,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hawkman97,"I'm going to have to give it a noI've owned this game for a couple of years and at first it looked good but now it seems the devs have pretty much let it languish.Alas those land sharks will never comeI put this up as a warning, this game will never be done, the devs have pretty much abandoned it.It makes me sad."
76561198047801490,Recommended,236370,21691843,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Zeckurbo,"Xou should give it a try, even if its not finished!"
76561198143339694,Recommended,236370,21235640,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Wondering,"This and insurgency are the two most underrated and underplayed shooters on steam.  Even though devolopment is moving at a crawl and many people don't think it will ever be finished, I've already gotten my moneys worth out of it and love the game.  The dynamic lighting environments make a huge difference in multiplayer.  Hell Week in particular is tons of fun, with more players this game could be the best multiplayer shooter on steam."
,Recommended,236370,17321418,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sir Salty,"Even tho it has some bugs, the gameplay is amazing :p its so tense... and stealthy sometimes... the graphics are very good :p amazing i can say :p, the only downside is its fps drops... which can be quite annoying sometimes... but i rate this 8/10 :p tip: when downloaded and installed the game, restart PC/laptop to make the game run on its best... or else yull sit there with an very bad fps."
,Not Recommended,236370,15342254,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,The Turbanator,I really like this game. It reminds me of a futureistic insurgency but the fps drops are constant. Are you telling me that I have more frames in Dying Light on the Highest settings then this game (no insault beautiful game) fix the fps problem and I'd recommened other than that this is a really good game and I have been dealing with the fps problem lately and Its getting to a playable 435.6/10
76561197980292501,Recommended,236370,13041111,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Black,"The game is still in development, which is surprising since its been so for quite some time, its vastly improved over its original form and its very fun to play.  Controls still need some tweeking and there needs to be some more functions available for SP use.  Im hoping that this game is fully finished by next year!  Its available at a decent price should you buy it."
76561198035503759,Recommended,236370,17219334,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,bombermonkey3,"Real fun for an early game, but still a very good game in the making."
76561198014361188,Recommended,236370,17219508,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,hapyfish.,"Very nice graphics. Especially for an indie game. Excellent gameplay although it needs some looking at(the movements, eg. when in stairs, is a bit choppy)At the moment there doesn't seem to be much content nor players. Would love to see some more survival aspects in this game like in games like DayZ. Also for the whole sc-fi part i think you could grab some inspiration from Alien Swarm.Excellent work so far, as said before, but my main concern is the content now. Graphics and controls are pretty good at the moment, i just hope some more content will come."
76561198043446431,Recommended,236370,17221622,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Bustin Jieber,"It's all right I guess considering it's an early alpha. The controls feel too slow due to stuff taking time to execute which just leads to akward unconfortable controls of your character - whether it's intended or yet to be tweaked or changed it was a pretty frustrating and annoying.Graphics do look pretty, effects and actual killing mechanics looked pretty nice and fluid as well.High hopes for the game but not yet ready for my taste, bought it to support the dev's I guess will be playing at later stage."
,Recommended,236370,17228206,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Nauticalpeach,"This game was a little difficult for me to get used to it took about an hour, to get used to the controls and shakey camera. I really enjoy the pvp as it is a slow paced shooter ... or at least thats how i am playing it. all in all good game worth the money i would say."
76561197998145086,Recommended,236370,16864523,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,The Man From D.U.R.A.N,"Okay, where do I start. This game has an amazing amount of potential but the devs are spreading the updates way too far apart. The first noteworthy update I found after playing for TWO MONTHS was Hell Week, which is very fun. I have quite a lot to say about this game, so I'll condense it into a list:PROS-Original gun designs-Nicely done marine armour-The ever-so-physically present helmet makes for great immersion-Loving the tilting camera upon sprinting-No crosshair for babies-Melee bots are scary as hell in the dark-Cool maps-I came here expecting Aliens style action and be overpowered as hell, but what I got was cowering in a corner twitching on the Neurogen Incident-Hell WeekCONS-It's a bit of an immersion breaker when you realize that bots engineered by the military for combat go down after getting hit 3 times from a (presumably) 9mm SMG-No landsharks-Bot AI feels a bit klunky at times-Distinctive lack of grenades-Infinite ammoThis game warrants a 6/10. The fact it feels like Aliens crossbred with Terminator saves it from getting a 5."
,Recommended,236370,16522135,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Drunken Dragoon,"I ll improve this review later getting a short one out do to the flash deal.$5? for this? its a steal. This game uses a diverse light system to completly change the dynamic of the maps. One minute your in an intense firefight, then the lights go out and you can't see s**t. Literally. Unless you have your flashlight on, the screen is pitch black. The only thing that can give you away is movement.ProsInnovative light systemextremly immersive experiencegood gun playgood, diverse mapssingle player missions are long and non lineargood community I haven't met an a**hole onceconsthe update proccess is slooooow. I feel that this is the biggest turn away. The devs have many great ideas, but aren't so great at immplimenting them. 2 month wait for small updates. finally got the pistol last update, so now theres 3 guns.small community. THe community is small with usually only 2-3 servers running on average. sometimes 1. Although I havent encountered the same players much, so it would seem that everyone ust goes on at different times. I know some clans do events too.lack of weapons. THere are three smg ar and pistol. they said that the shotgun is coming next update.Nevertheless, even with the slow update proccess, The game deffinitly has enough content for the $15 and is a steal at $5.sorry for errors like I said rushed. Fix them later."
,Not Recommended,236370,16529562,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vexa - The Man You Love To Hate,It's getting better - but it's still pretty tedious
,Recommended,236370,25916364,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,StuckPixel,"this game could be awesome if it was ever finished.i say could, because its got a ways to go."
76561198147825595,Not Recommended,236370,27536429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nomad,Abandoned piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't give these devs your money.
,Recommended,236370,17237226,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ZkyBox,"One of the Best First person shooters i have played. Realistic Weather, Awesome Lighting and Realistic Guns. The game needs more guns and polish otherwise its really great! You can now buy skins for combat points that you get from palying the diffrent gamemodes in the game :DDO NOT EXPECT A COMPLETE GAME! Too many people buy this game only to leave a negative review after playing for an hour or two, figure out the games features and dont play it for too long at a time and i promise you will have awesome moments in this game. Also, wargame is probably the highlight as of now (16/06/2016) but go to the playground gamemode and start a mission on the map: operations, if you do not think that is cool then you can uninstall this game because Sci-Fi games are not for you.Rating: strong 8/10 (with some polish and added guns and features this game is going to be a 9/10 maybe even 10/10)"
,Not Recommended,236370,10696299,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Slaire,"Is this thing EVER going to be a full game? I've had it for two years now just waiting, patiently, for the full version but no luck. It's not a bad game, the multiplayer is... alright, but it's no where near complete so... just save your money for now and wait for the full game, if it ever comes."
76561198003570750,Not Recommended,236370,14459421,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Deadlock,"Played this a few hours during the free weekend and I was positively surprised by this tactical FPS!+ Dynamic lighting and real-time shadows add such a great atmosphere to this game. I was just exploring a forest area when I hear the roof over my head (the arena is one big dome) slowly closing, casting a shadow on the ground and slowly covering everything in darkness. Wow, suddenly it was pitch black! In these moments stealth tactics really shine (no pun intended), so equip your silencer and start sneaking!+ It has an awesome gamemode called 'Deadlock', which is about 8 capture points combined with last-team-standing  :D I like the respawn mechanism here. At first I thought ""Oh god, 120 seconds respawn? Gonna be a boring CS-like game all over again"", but I was wrong. You respawn when your team captures a control point or when the last player alive on your team kills an enemy. This really encourages you to keep trying!+ Interested in future content. Heard a few things about coop modes and a Battle Royale (or Hunger Games...) inspired game mode.- This game needs content and a lot of polishing. There are quite a few maps, but only 2 guns atm. Devs are working hard though :)It's already a lot of fun and hopefully they don't mess this one up with imbalanced classes or something.EDIT: A few months later, development progress on IM seems a little slow. Hell Week was just released, an interesting game mode, but this also needs some work. I'm sad to see so few players online. This game really has potential, but it needs a surge of content or players, preferrable both.It's fun if you get some friends to play with you on a busy night.EDIT 2: Waiting for patches, but it's more exciting to watch paint dry. I had high hopes for this game, but I've lost interest by now. On average there are 10-20 players online every night. Changing my recommendation to 'nope'..."
,Recommended,236370,12661406,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SonOfGuns101.fc,"It's not perfect, wish they would add the lean aspect to the game, and definetly not finished but its getting there (ever so slowly)."
,Not Recommended,236370,10282001,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Twig,"RIP Interstellar Marines, it won't be finished."
76561198040625320,Recommended,236370,16233285,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,African Vorelord,"the game has more detail than some AAA games (i guess they call it AAA indie)  the game could be really great but the small dev team with little money  limits it and the playerbase is sorta dissapearing because of how slow the game is developing, there arent any paywalls, graphics are good for unity the gameplay is really fun and polished but,  there are only so many times you can do the missions and challenges without it getting stale,the multiplayer be da bomb although everyone just wants to do co-op+ there arent any paywalls,+ graphics are good for unity+the gameplay is really fun and polished+multiplayer deadlock with 6+people can be played forever without getting boring+hell week is friking #lit+scary robot foosteps+the multiplayer maps change as you play wich can be really cool to delete the whole other team while hiding in the shadows with your camo that you can change anytime+you can do things with ur visor lik buzz lityeer-everyone  plays co-op too much-slow development due to small dev team-where da sharkdog things at-not too many people play anymore unless on a weekend-new players seem to quit the game when they dont get it"
76561198122788911,Recommended,236370,28197925,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sowash,"I think that this game is very well made, and has an amazing amount of potential"
76561198090711421,Not Recommended,236370,14441318,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,iamlegend27,"Gameplay is interesting, but it seems abandoned now.Scared the hell out of me.Made me cry like a little girl.10/10"
,Not Recommended,236370,15140534,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sandir,A refund would be nice...
,Recommended,236370,14491082,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RocketMan,"""Eh, It was okay 9/10"" - NGI"
76561198168314344,Not Recommended,236370,32262340,Posted: 7 June,all,Sergent_dbdb,Really sad to say this but RIP
,Not Recommended,236370,32425627,Posted: 14 June,all,SAD,This game is dead.
76561198041404771,Not Recommended,236370,14442633,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Thepieintheface,Dev Hell
,Recommended,236370,14418467,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[Ex Dee?!],"It is a good game and I like to play it with my friends....Also, for an early access game, this game shows promise.Edit: 2 years ago I wrote that and even then it was a stretch.As someone who enjoyed the hell out of this game, I can safely say that this game is dead.Don't buy it, don't hype it.Go find something thats a finished product with loads of content, instead of half baked early access♥♥♥♥♥♥like this."
,Not Recommended,236370,3542766,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Purple,"Очередной проект вечного раннего доступа,взял еще как только появилась в стиме\"
,Not Recommended,236370,15171128,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,chel_cee7,"Has been in Alpha stages for a long time.  Nice sci-fi FPS, plays similarly to CS:GO.  Still waiting for sharks.UPDATE 6/1/2017: I've abandoned this game due to the ammount of patches that have made it unplayable."
,Not Recommended,236370,14907646,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Distressed Babushka,"Interstellar Marines.This game was extremely promising but its been a long time since the promised release date and the game is no where near finished. Even in its current state i dont see it as a early acess game, the devolopers promised too much and have yet to finish half of it. I doubt the game will ever see an offical release. Dont buy it 3/10"
76561198109474021,Recommended,236370,28226223,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,404notfound,"realy like this game! it has a realy fun multiplayer and coop missons, and it has its flaws and glitches, but the core gameplay is good and fun to play.i kind of gett the same feeling walking around as i gott in Alien, only whit more robots and more sniper actons."
76561198061989427,Not Recommended,236370,7950203,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,wolfern,game has no story mode since it was launch. updates are slow. multiplayer is dead.
,Not Recommended,236370,5748723,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Bunyan,Bought it way back when it first came on early access. It's been 3 ♥♥♥♥ing years and the game isn't even a fraction of the way done. DO NOT BUY.
,Not Recommended,236370,9647053,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ra66it,"Bought this game back in 2013 even upgraded to spear head edition and purchased futher (3) copies for my friends, just so that I would have some more people to play with. I had high hopes and great expectation s for this game. For a while it was fun and the community was tight. Development seemed to be on track. But unfortunaitly development kept changing in many directions and I'm not sure what is going on.This is not the game I orignaly invested in. The game had merit, looked great and showed promis. I can only hope that more will happen soon. Until then I can not recommend this in its currnet state."
,Not Recommended,236370,14788741,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Pugu,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,236370,17683389,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Starwarspug66,"The game is not that bad, but it's not that good because you need to have a some what good computer to play it because otherwise you will get lag. The game itself still is'nt that fun even if a good computer."
,Not Recommended,236370,17224954,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SantaClaws,"Awful game. Boring. Generic. Too much focus on aesthetics and immersion, not enough focus on gameplay. Movement is attrocious. Weapons are boring."
,Recommended,236370,26426330,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Cartelo,"Awesome game, however it's ghost town for co-op... i sit for nearly an hour waiting to pick up a co-op. BUT the game is interesting. I have yet to see new update that was promised? BUT i still could recommend. These guys did well. Just hope for some consitency."
76561198145122443,Not Recommended,236370,26096816,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SWEATY BALLBAG,I LOVED IT when it wasent a stright up death match now it's♥♥♥♥♥♥bring back the choice of doing the differnt modes to pick from but now it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ death match going full retard never go full retard game delvelopers what where you thinkingmow i be super sad :(
76561197979613150,Recommended,236370,14424389,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mitchell,"Still in the early stages but a fun and challenging game. Only one problem I've had so far and it is well documented in the bug report, can't play the ""Neurogen Incident"" map. Pretty good for an early access game. I'm finding the solo aspect challenging (read fun). ""Get Killed By Bots"" in the Playground section is likely my favorite outside of Co-Op. Dang bots, I knew they be the end of me!"
,Recommended,236370,26394219,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,please be patient i have autism,"Spawns in ResortSpawns in line of sight of a CTR and gets gunned down without a chance to shoot backSpawns in ResortGets lost and decides to kill self in an attempt to escapeSpawns in ResortGang banged by a group of playersSpawns in ResortGets trapped in corner by CTRs, runs out of ammo, and gets shot11/10 would spawn in Resort again"
,Not Recommended,236370,2825965,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Tiss K,"Waited for too long,  disappointed .First trailer launched with left 4 dead and now still early accessThrow ur money into river and dont buy this ☆☆☆☆辣鸡游戏那么多年下来不知道制作组在做什么破玩意这游戏最早的预告片是和L4D1同一年展出的来算算多少年了，现在还是early access"
,Not Recommended,236370,31903430,Posted: 22 May,all,nightshade780,"An abandoned project in it's death throws. It's so so, and ok for the price. Just seems to have been shelved..."
76561198091966311,Not Recommended,236370,9225270,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Three Q's,has been devolped too long
,Not Recommended,236370,20611243,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lyheon,"DEAD Early Access from pigs of developersSad.. this game had a lot of potentialDon't even bother, the game is dead"
,Not Recommended,236370,14485363,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,『 N I N G E N 』,"this game sucks, it was really boring. don't waste your money on this"
,Not Recommended,236370,29691685,Posted: 4 February,all,Catalion,"The game had a lot of potential, but now is abandoned."
76561198045206434,Not Recommended,236370,24426433,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Blyatman,"Previously I supported this game, this review was positive at one point but since the game hasn't updated since December 16th of 2016 I think we're looking at another game that'll never see the light of day."
,Not Recommended,236370,34040497,Posted: 5 August,all,For The Emperor!!!,This is sadly what happens when a small company is over ambitious and streches its death struggel by getting into early access
,Not Recommended,236370,16299688,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Rogue Coder,"Update: This game doesn't get updated, the developers aren't active. I'm pretty sure they've taken the money and ran. STAY AWAY!Extremely detailed and immersive tactical shooter that has been steadily improving for years. Can't wait to try it with VR!That said, the game is still lacking content, so it may be best to hold off on buying it for the time being. Multiplayer is also pretty sparse."
76561198080960324,Not Recommended,236370,18463475,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Crispy,THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. Its limited right now they are still adding more and more every update but the gameplay is pretty smooth and more dynamic than some triple AAA titles out there now. Overall its been a wonderful Journey playing this game and you should look forward to the full release. Don't hesitate too much to buy it now because its still very fun and cool to be apart of while they are developing it.EDIT: So this game does appear to be stuck in development hell which is sad. I want to support them but they seem to be struggling to find a publisher and to finally FULLY back the game so they can complete it. Sad to say I can't recomend you buy this game right now :(
76561198115415322,Not Recommended,236370,25529595,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fun Fact,"This is going to sound like ""I told you so"" but I wrote a review right about the time the Hunger Games gamemode came out. I had criticized the lack of updates since the last time I'd played the game years before, and now here I am with the same pattern.This game has nothing. You load in to one of the various forgettable maps, fiddle with the controls for a few minutes, and then start walking around some dark hallways. The (admittedly scary the first time) zombie/robot/android things will all sprint at you and then you mow them down before finding a nice little area to reload.Maybe for someone that hasn't played games like Left 4 Dead or shooters in general, this could be difficult. But for someone like myself, one enemy type can get extremely repetitive. There are missions with ranged enemies, but if you've played COD you've fought them before.I'm willing to play a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games if they're fun with friends or for my own personal reasons, but this game is dead. The devs do not care about this game, there is content from promo images years ago that is yet to be added. It went from this fun promise of an awesome co-op game to yet another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer survival battle royale game. Just go buy PUBG or something."
,Not Recommended,236370,8425452,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,taishi_tetora,"new review : seems like the dev has no interest or has dificulty finance so they unable do some proress. .. . .another game that should have potential yet been abandoned again. . one in manyold review : nice game and even tough still early access, the realistic of light and environment, the weather, shadow, all minor things are so awesomely good. even the update is in slow step, but they will update it. and each of update it feel different. even i fall in love with this game, and choose to support them with buying the spearhead edition. may the zero point make this game much more better and awesome."
,Not Recommended,236370,34626772,Posted: 30 August,all,OtherMech,no
,Not Recommended,236370,11107492,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,War Machine,Abandoned.
,Not Recommended,236370,24901876,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Shrike,Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing scam. Stay the hell away from this game.
,Not Recommended,236370,10389163,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Hoot.avi,"It's dead, fam. But the game was absolutely stellar while it lasted. Some of the most tense multiplayer battles I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,236370,23111478,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Billythekid88,Edit It plays now i got a gtx 1080 if you own amd good luck it wont work on r9 390
,Recommended,236370,12667453,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,imthebestintheworld2,"Great tactical game. Everything you has an impact, the sound you make, your use of the laser or flashlight. You really need to consider your usage of these things and your environment while plying."
,Recommended,236370,35184806,Posted: 24 September,all,AC11B,This game is stunning. Please continue the work!
76561198021967176,Recommended,236370,35207833,Posted: 25 September,all,Louis C.K. On Ice,"Man this is sad right now, but if you want to help get in contact with the last developer. That's right, one developer is left to stick it out and finish this game. He's learning coding and could use all the help he could get. If it even picks up some semblence of traction then he could have a better chance of pitching it to a game company and we'd finally get that game we want finished."
,Recommended,236370,26482316,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,toiletcleanerpro,starting to be ressurected
,Recommended,236370,35243821,Posted: 27 September,all,Wisbi,"Game isn't dead, it's just too focused on realism.It's waiting to draw concepts from ACTUAL intersteller travel, 2,000 years from now."
,Recommended,236370,9648260,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Incandescent Starfish Overlord,"Fantastic game. At only 10 bucks, it's a steal. Still very much in early access, with only one dev remaining full time due to lack of funding. The community is very active, join the Discord server!Should this game be completed, it will be one of the greatest science fiction tactical shooters ever made.It already has two incredible co-op missions. One is almost a horror mission set on an abandoned space station, the realistic lighting, sounds, and theme are spot on. The other is a thrilling special ops raid on a corporate research outpost.Multiplayer is very good, but barebones.Hell Week mode, somewhat similar to pubg to put it simply, (but was made long before), is finally being updated again in the next update. Which, again, is being made by a single guy who isn't even an experienced game developer. Pretty impressive! And it shows how dedicated the final dev, and the other part timers are.Still, you might be wary of Interstellar Marines.Even if you don't think it could possibly be so good, do yourself a favor.Drop the ten bucks. You can always return it after you do what I say.Play the tutorial, and you'll probably be very intrigued.Play Neuro Gen Incident next.You'll likely hit your time limit for returning the game if you keep trying until you succeed, especially in singleplayer, as it's quite hard to do this by yourself.But I can guarantee that pretty much anyone who gets to this point would be entirely satisfied with dropping ten bucks on the game. You'll spend several hours on Neuro-Gen Incident, both in single and co-op mode, most likely. Starcrown Aerospace, the second mission, is also fantastic, but not quite as much as NGI. So you'll be getting at least 4-5 hours minimum out of your ten bucks, and thats if you don't dip into the many players vs bots modes, the multiplayer modes, or Hell Week, the battle royale-like gamemode. I've spent 39 hours minimum, and at least ten or so more that steam failed to count while offline.Bottom line is, this game is a terrific steal for a mere ten bucks. And when it's finally finished, someday, it's going to be absolutely amazing."
76561198089066108,Recommended,236370,22599009,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,YOUDON'THAVEENOUGHSCARABS,"A shooter with a lot of potential. What's in the game so far is good, and the Neurogen incident level is really well made, and is creepier than a lot of horror games I've played. The mechanics are fun and I hope to see this game developed more.My only real complaint is that development is really slow, but that's apparently because there's very few devs working on it as of right now.I hope to one day see this game get a full release."
