user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197994792374,Not Recommended,236690,18364379,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Scutatus,"I am a long time player of Blood Bowl, starting with the 2nd edition of the tabletop game, through to the nineties MS-DOS computer game, to not-Blood-Bowl-honest Chaos League and finally Blood Bowl 1/Legendary/Chaos. The thing I loved about Blood Bowl 1 was the single player options, from creating a custom league, to participating in a classic competition from Blood Bowl canon, and of course even playing a proper full career, clawing your way up the rankings over the years, up against all the famous classic teams of Blood Bowl lore, winning cups and trophies along the way until eventually, hopefully, winnng the Blood Bowl trophy itself.Now comes Blood Bowl 2; the graphics are prettier, but graphics aren't everything. The part that matters to me, the gameplay, the thing I loved in Blood Bowl 1 is... gone. The single player campaign is a shadow of what it was before. You can create a custom league, but there are no proper tournaments from Blood Bowl canon, and certainly no proper career. You play a few games in a single tournament, and then you are done. And the classic teams don't even appear in these leagues anymore. The whole thing is clearly obsessed with multiplayer, to the point that even in single player games the game still looks, feels and plays just like the multiplayer version, with randomised AI team creations clearly trying to pass themselves off as player teams. But it doesn't work. To take examples, the Broad Axes team might have the emblem of a Bugman's tankard, while Bugman's Faithful might have the emblem of an axe. Eh? It's randomisation gone mad. It makes no sense. And as I said,  there are no Reikland Reivers or Gouged Eye or Chaos All Stars. Unless you play the introductory ""tutorial"", or single one off matches without continuity, you will never see the classic teams of Blood Bowl lore at all. That's just not good enough. For me, without the ability to play a league or proper career with your own team against the classic sides of history, the appeal just isn't there.And there are other disappointments. You can't improve/modify a player's armour any more. Many of the other options of old just aren't available. The font is -  to my eyes - some horrible thin eyesore - and the UI just ugly, literally not pleasing on the eyes. Meanwhile the commentators Jim and Bob now insist on actually appearing, but just get in the way. In short, while this game might be a multiplayer's paradise, it doesn't work for me. Maybe Blood Bowl 1 spoiled me, but to my mind Blood Bowl 2 is several steps backwards.Now this might sound like I'm some kind of hater. But I am a fan of Blood Bowl and for the sake of the franchise I sincerely hope that people out there are enjoying this, and I wish the game very well. I do want this to succeed. But the single player aspect desperately needs work. The single player game is an opportunity to offer players content that multiplayer content cannot provide - such as a proper career.  But it simply doesn't. For me personally, Blood Bowl 2 is a big disappointment, and until the single player game is improved I will be sticking with Blood Bowl 1, because unfortunately, for solo play, Blood Bowl 1 remains far superior."
,Recommended,236690,32240700,Posted: 7 June,all,Ilgoth,"After ~85 multiplayer matches and about 120hrs of playtime I dared to review.I was familiar, but not experienced in tabletop blood bowl, so the step to try this game out was very small. I also played Blood Bowl Chaos Edition a bit if it matters.The game offers loads of depth, fun and value - if you are willing to be active.The golden egg of this game is in internet communities and their leagues.Good leagues to consider and google:Big Crunch 2ReBBLUKBBLOCCWithin these community ran leagues you will get to know and befriend other coaches, who you will face from season to another on the pitch. This creates all new flavour to the game, it's value and the experience.I dare to say that getting into community leagues is a very must to find this game worth of purchasing (as in longterm game).There is rather light campaign/tutorial, which is to be honest bad and limited. You are forced to play human team through preset scenario matches, main goal to win and mandatory sub-goal to do x thing during the game.All gamemodes:- campaign/tutorial- singleplayer tournaments (multiple sizes and format available)- friendly match (singleplayer or against your friend)- multiplayer- Cabal TV (for replay and live spectating)Visuals are great, so is the performance. I like the sounds as well, though after a time having music on the background feels like right thing to do.I cannot stress this enough - complaining about dice being fixed or broken is nonsense. Dont take the reviews mentioning this seriously.This game is 50-50 on skill/luck -ratio. I say that in a light-hearted way, I myself believe in 70/30. Obviously you cant choose what dice give (well you can re-roll some throws),but you can choose where/when/what for you throw the dice. And this is the key -risk management.And that essentially is the core skill you need to learn in order to win big time games in Blood Bowl.Understand that there will be times when you did 95% of your moves right, but you still lost 0-3. It happens to everyone.It will happen to you.And when it does, be mature about it and do not yell on forums 'the dice are broken"".Like I said - join a community league and befriend people. Play in longterm leagues, create a fluffy team you are excited about. Play multiple seasons with it, and notice how much flavour it gives to this game. I might be biased, but BBTactics and its league Big Crunch 2 is a great place to get into.See you on the pitch."
,Recommended,236690,29832492,Posted: 10 February,all,Raw Berserker,"DON'T BUY THIS NOW! Wait until the Legendary Edition comes out around about Summer time so that you get ALL DLC included, and the updated version of the game.Really fun game and accurate to the tabletop version. One word of warning for new players though, this is not for you if you can't handle RNG. 95% of this game is dice rolls. Have fun out there :D"
76561198011635974,Not Recommended,236690,18150629,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Guilty Man,"Blood Bowl 2, Learn to salt again.Played several games now and I don't know what to think. It's sure prettier than Chaos Edition (Blood bowl 1, all add-ons), and the client seems more usable. But there is so much in it that just irks me. This product doesn't seem to deserve its price bracket:-Fewer teams, I know more are coming, but I also know they are going to be add on DLC at an as yet unknown price. At £35, thas a bitter pill to swallow. It also makes some teams indirectly weaker, with all but one of the current teams being relitively tough, or having easily available tough units, this makes a block/injury focused team less affective.-Lack of assets, there are only 2 spectator models, ork with drum and human in armour. Stadiums are all identicle until leveled up with small differences that have nothing to do with their starting theme. Players have only one model and sometimes an alterable face (per unit type obviously).-Poorly thought out UI. For the most part better than BB1 but with a host of new flaws that I'm hoping will be fixed dispite being identified early in testing and still being there now. For instance, team purchasing, in which you ask players to purchase units without allowing them to pick extras. This means that new players will end up spending all their ingame cash on units without getting vital re-rolls, because re-rolls are purchased later.-Poor single player experience. Yes it is a 2 player board game, but we were promised a decent single player experience. But the ""Campaign"" mode is a drawn out and frackly dull tutorial, while league mode doesn't even attempt to hide the fact that its just a bot game generated at your teams current point value. Combine this with a bafflingly inconsistant AI, and I can't see why I should play this over Chaos Edition right now."
76561198041842498,Not Recommended,236690,18168416,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pooltastic,"Well, this game is the definition of one step forward, two steps back.So, this is what we get after almost a year of delays. Well, let's get to it, then.Stepping in the right direction:+ Better UI.+ New Race: Brettonians.+ Better Graphics.+ Easy to invite Steam friends to a friendly match of Blood Bowl.Retreading same old footsteps:= The announcers are back, and they are just as fun to listen to.= Solo Old World League is as close as you'll get to the original Campaign.= It's Blood Bowl.= Customization ups the ante with choosing uniform patterns instead of just a single colour, but scales it back again by letting you only change the players' heads.And, of cousre, the backsteps:- No mid-match ""quit and save"" option in single-player, except in the campaign. As clumsy as the old SaveBetweenHalves/Drives->AbandonMatch->QuitWithoutSaving routine was, there was, at least, a way.- The Campaign (Story Mode) is just an extended tutorial utilizing the Reikland Reavers (Human).- Blitz Mode is gone. No more custom gear for you.- Back to 8 teams? Are you joking? Chaos Edition had 23. 23!- No team-specific cheerleaders. Human cheerleaders for everyone!- Very limited graphical options (Resolution, Quality presets, Grass, Spectators).Don't bother. Wait for the Legendary Edition."
76561197991544838,Not Recommended,236690,23049574,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,HerrComrade,"Traded out quick gameplay for gimmicky graphical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Otherwise it's identical to Blood Bowl I, with most of the races cut out to be sold as DLC and a completely gutted single player campaign.* It's actually a lesser game than its predecessor in every single way other than graphics, and even the UI is klutzy and awkward comparatively.*You can make a league, which is a 40 team elimination tournament. There's an actual Campaign mode, but it's like playing a tutorial for eight thousand games, where your team is selected for you and cutscenes can't be skipped."
76561197966157017,Not Recommended,236690,18379528,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Stayceh,"An awful let down, the developers haven't listened to what the community wanted. They've delivered a console-centric game that's currently, and likely to remain, inferior to the original version and not a patch on the board game or FUMBBL. The list of disappointments is too long to go into, though amongst the worst offenders are the console-centric cut down options and UI, the AI that (despite devloper claims) is exactly as bad if not worse that in the original, the treacly performance on decent machines, the lack of visible levelling on players, lack of star players and the temerity to change the rules of an established and hugely playtested game.  Suffice to say i've tried to get a refund for this and would not recommend it to anyone in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,236690,23990129,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Salander,"So, I can't recommend this game for several reasons. Although Blood Bowl is a really fun blend of strategy and RNG, the implementation of this is poor. Single player is OK - the campaign is just an extended tutorial, and not actually challenging. Although the commentators are mildly entertaining and most games the AI has some gimmick to keep you interested, its clear the game is geared towards multiplayer.Unfortunately, multiplayer is awful. Matchmaking times are ridiculously long, and  the longer you're in queue, the less the game cares about an even matchup. Using petty cash to even out the odds is inadequate to really level the playing field and allow a fair competitve match. Furthermore the game doesn't use MMR - matchmaking is determined by you're teams gold value, not winrate. So player skill isn't taken into account and experienced players with low TV teams destroy any newer players. Also since there's no real incentive to win, and no penalty for conceding, the leagues are infested with Chaos teams whose sole aim is to kill and injure your players. If you try to injure their players back in return, they'll just concede. Also, the main league - NAF - has ageing on for some reason, which is a stupid rule. All your prized players you spend ages levelling up will eventually retire.Other complaints include a shoddy UI, a distinct lack of teams compared to the previosd Blood Bowl, and the devs being very slow to update the game or add new content. They also seem unwilling to actually balance the game, and allow CPOMB teams to run rampant in every league, which is completely anti-fun. The game itself also runs very poorly, with low framerate and really long animations that are unskippable and leave you unable to do anything while the animation plays out. Often you will run out of time each turn because the game runs so badly. Games also last too long - 16 turns each at 2minutes per turn is 1hr 12mins for turn timers, however ONTOP of that is time for animations/cutscenes ansd kickoff/events/injuries. The entire game feels like it needs to be sped up. For the full price its definitely not worth it. If you're a hardcore Blood Bowl fan and don't mind playing against Chaos/Nurgle every match then maybe pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,236690,18234671,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,himrahill,"I was really expecting great things from BB2, but I'm sad to say I'm rather disappointed. I can't give it a positive review for now, even if I hope that if some issues are corrected and more content injected to the game, I will gladly change my review.The Good:- Nice graphics- It's Blood Bowl... It's brutal, it's fun, it's challenging. But well, that's thx to the board game rules, the videogame adds little to that.- Cool multiplayer with permadeath: it adds a sense of danger everytime you play, it's fun.- Cleaner HUD. There has been a lot of complaints about the ""player cards"", but I find it not so annoying, it's rather clear and nice.The Bad:- The campaign is crap: you only play 1 human team, with false rules. It's utterly boring, not worth your time if you already know BB1.- The solo content is mediocre: the solo leagues are just multiplayer leagues but with AI. It all feels too generic for me, games are chained without other things to do inbetween apart from the rare level up. It feels really empty.- No player stats: that's the major complain for me, what's the point of playing games after games when you have no player stats (how many TD, passing, blocking, etc...) and leaderboards between all teams?? That's the basic feature missing that is the cause that I don't want to play anymore: I just don't see the point.- No visual enhancemnent when players level up: it's not major, but the lack of all these little features makes that you don't care for your team players, because they stay the same even if they are über strong.- Games are veeeery long: solo or multi, one game lasts in average 1:30 hours... It's too long! For just one quick game, when you don't have that much time to play anymore, you know you must reserve 2h of your time to play just a little game...- In solo, you can't speed up turns like you could in BB1: it made the whole thing a lot less repetitive.- The commentaries from Jim & Bob become repetitive very quick.The Good to Have:- It's not major, but watching the same hit animation over and over when you block someone become really dull after a while, considering that you block A LOT during a match. I would have launched this animation only on big hits like injuries.- Where are the women? There's only 1 female player type + the duplicates pom pom girls. A strong lack of variety here, it's not made to help making women play this kind of games...- Eye candy: different pom pom for each race, a real spectating crowd, etc... What I don't understand too, is why making a big solo campaign with a lot of animation and what not, but for kick-off events you just have one poor line of text where you could have cool animations? (like, spectators trampling players...)SO that's that, my major complaint is that in solo, the content is very thin and don't want to make you take care about your team and see it to the top, and in multiplayer it's good but the matches are very, very long so it's a strong barrier, for me at least.Hope the game will be updated and devs will listen to the community! It can become very cool."
,Not Recommended,236690,18865847,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Napolean Bronaparte,"In it's current state, I see very few reasons you'd pick this over the Chaos Edition of BB1.The graphics are significantly nicer, but that's about it. Rules have been changed, bugs are still present, the single player is an absolute joke of a drawn out tutorial, but the killer is there's only 8 teams. I don't think it's so much a problem that you don't have access to more, rather that when playing online, you're only going to be seeing those 8 teams. It gets very stale, and without some of the more ""fun but garbage"" teams, games just play out the same time after time."
76561198055936847,Not Recommended,236690,23041109,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tezza,"The controls are clunky and the game constantly misinterprets your desired actions without the ability to correct them ruining any strategies you try to play, the campaign is drawn out with long, uninteresting and unskipable cutscenes and you can't even choose your race for it.Stick with the first one and the Chaos Edition, they are far superior!"
76561198093477440,Recommended,236690,26421015,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Klofle,"I don't normally review games. When I do it is normally to warn about some issues with early access content. I am writing this one solely because I feel the overall reviews for the game are too skewed in the negative direction. It's a little expensive for what it is if you aren't a huge fan, but on sale it's very much worth it. The game is not easy. Some rolls and some games will be hell. That's part of the fun. You're  best player will someday get killed by rolling a 1 twice in a row, having his armor broken, and rolling dead dead. If you want an easy game this game is not for you. However, the complexity of the strategy and the randomness of the rng are a mix that I personally love. There are a few UIC quirks, like only being able to do borderless fullscreen or bad controller support, but most of these are rather minor issues. The games not perfect, but too many people criticize things that don't matter because they don't like the gameplay or are just bad and don't learn how to play the game. I would give the game like an 8 at least. It's a game that should be enjoyable for most, but for some it will be one of the best games you've ever played and will hold a special place in your gaming heart. Giving a game a bad review for bad controller support when it isn't meant to be played with a controller is just childish"
76561197984242287,Not Recommended,236690,18148515,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Taylorstar,"The game is ok, but give it time to stew this game still requires more work and its slightly over priced for what its worth, pick it up on a sale etc but for now i would not recommend this game. Underneath i put some points i liked and dislikedother players are voicing their issues with the game on the discussion boards i'd like to point this one out as being a really good example with problems in the current buildhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/236690/discussions/0/523897204944724525/The goodThe UI is much better than the previous game displaying the percentage chance on rolls and popping up cards showing the stats of the characters in question are really nice and easy to understand.The commentators are on point with great witty banter.The musics good.The not so goodThe animations are pretty sweet but still very limited, seeing your teams march out at halftime with a low camera is an epic sight to see but there is not much difference in the way characters tackle, so each time your characters makes a tackle regardless of who is around and what direction they're coming from the tackle is the same. Goblins do tackle different from humans etc, but as pointed out, the goblins tackle is its only tackle with no variaton.The graphics have improvmed on the original although not by that big of a deal. Its 2015, the game looks to be on par with Dawn of war 2 and other games that came out about 5 years ago, not a big deal for me still id of liked it to be better.The badThere arent that many teams on launch, even the Pre-order bonus teams arent available on release.The graphics options are extremely limited  with only preset settings such as Very low, low normal high and very high, enable grass and spectators and resolution. Thats it.Volume is the same with 3 options on 3 fixed sliders: FX Music Comments all going from 0 - 10.The Tutorial is once again sorely lacking for any new comers to the game with no showing of how the calculations are done.The campaign mode is a huge step backwards from the original, i prefered where i could pick my own team and lead them through a campaign rather than a single story mode."
,Not Recommended,236690,32931343,Posted: 28 June,all,Doctor Wu,"As much as I want to recommend BB2, its still a giant dumpster fire of a game 2 years after release.First off you obviously have the lack of races and gross DLC policy. They charge an arm and a leg for the races, and half of them use re-used assets, and half baked, janky as ♥♥♥♥ animations. For example, the Khemri are just reskinned undead, the chaos dwarves are just reskinned dwarves with a minotaur pulled from chaos, and necromancers are again just the undead team with a werewolf and a beefier looking zombie. The animations for the the mummies/tomb kings in particular is absolutely terrible when you compare it to the animations for the humans or orcs, its just so obviously rushed and slapped together.Honestly though, i can look past all of that, the main problem is that the game has been out for 2 years and hasnt had a single QoL update. The single player experience is absolutely terrible. Your only real option is to start an offline league. The problem with that is that you cant customize a single damn thign about it, INCLUDING the difficulty, when theres already 3 different difficulty options in the game, but for whatever reason, you can only choose your difficulty in a single friendly match.The biggest issue for me is that you cant customize your single player experience in any way. You cant choose your difficulty, you cant choose the order of the mathcups, and guess what, you cant even choose the races in the tournament!!Everytime you start a new tournamnet it just randomly adds however many teams you want, but you have no say in anything beyond that. All ive wanted to do since ive bought BB2 is do a big tournament with a couple orc teams and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of humans, but you cant do it, the game literally wont allow it. ive sat there for hours disbanding and recreating hundreds of tournaments and ive never once gotten even close to the lineup of teams ive wanted.They put all their effort into polishing online, but completly negelected the rest of their game. Online simply isnt fun unless youre a veteran player, or youve played tabletop all your life. The casual experience is non existent."
,Recommended,236690,19662149,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lunarra,"I've waited a bit to submit an evaluation. I will try being objective.Most of the complains about BB2 came from players that were playing BB chaos edition.You'll hear, that the game is not finished, not enough teams etc etc.Well, true there are only 10 teams released as for now. But they kind of forget that most bought 3 games and a few years to get to BBCE while the first BB was in fact realeased only with 10 races too. And no, you just cannot do a copy pasta from an old game to a new one with new engine and animations. So saying that all was already done for them is just nonsense.BB2 is a remake if you want call it. The graphics are very good, the color choice is well placed. When you look at it, you just wanna play.And you can play! Never had any crash of any sorts, updates, not that frequent, are fixing skills issues. Looks also like the devs are listening to community needs (just read next patch) but are the worst rubbish team at communicating.True there is a ingame real money market (actually you get free coins to spend on that market) but its only eye candy stuff like jerseys. ""Apparently"" they made a mistake by taking some ""free"" jerseys away from players to sell them, and we should get them back.DLC wise, you will need to buy with real money new teams. True, this could come up as a lot of cash if you want them all. One could argue that you only buy the ones you really need!So do i recommend the game?Of course! The game is good and very playable! The game itself is a bloody good game!there are still issues to be fixed true, but nothing gamebreaking.If you really want all the teams just buy BBCE, but dont mind old horrid graphics, and in all fairness ""not so better"" interface."
,Recommended,236690,28775156,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PentaStealz,"----30 hrs----I bought this game first day of winter sale, it's been on my wishlist for a while :Campaign is about 15 hours long, and worth the $11 for the game alone.After the campaign you can join solo player leagues vs computer or multiplayer leagues vs players... depending how addicted you get leveling up and learning the game will depend how many hours you go from there.I'm addicted for sure :-)---75 hrs---Don't concede in player vs player matches.. play vs computer til you get confident in how the game works (25-30 hr play time)If you hate RNG then do not play this game.. you will win games based on luck and lose games based on luck once you learn how to play. Skill factors in this game, but no where near the luck factor.Not very often will you get balanced games where it comes down to who the better tactian is, but when you do it's awesome.Each game vs another person takes at least a hour and 15 mins to complete on 3 min turns (slightly less than a hour with 2 min turns)"
76561197983640890,Not Recommended,236690,19048060,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,kmonsen,"I like the graphics and the new format, but mostly play single player which kind of is a joke for now. There is no real campaign or offline mode, and the AI is really, really stupid. It is hard to overstate how stupid it is.I can live with the AI being stupid since it can just get other advantages if I can just have some form off offline campaing."
76561198118465176,Recommended,236690,32668630,Posted: 22 June,all,gw0074,"Awesome. The strategy of Chess meets the luck of dice, meets the competitiveness of sports games. Chuck in a bit of character and variety for good measure and you have bloodbowl. As a boardgamer from back in the 80s/90s with bloodbowl i totally recommend. Not for those brought up on 1st person shooters!"
,Not Recommended,236690,32572607,Posted: 19 June,all,crazyguy_co,"Ansolutely not worth the money.Good game?  Sure because its based on a good game.  Worth sending money to cyandie for?  No, for a few reasons.First, the DLC model is as ridiculous as all Games Worshop games are, with the DLC that should just be sold as part of the game costing MORE than the game itself, effectively tripling the cost of the entire game.Second, and more importanty, because the admin team openly allows the use of cheating and exploiting.  Despite this game being highly competitive and multiplayer, the admin team openly states that cheating by exploiting bugs is allowed.  While at the same time having no information about the bugs, they give a distinct advantage to player who actively seeks and abuses exploits, and actively punish players who are upset about this.   To date they don't even seem to be punishing players for use third party cheats, instead giving lip service only to the idea of fair play, but never reacting because they might lose a dollar or two by banning cheaters.Third, Cross platforming, which should be ridiculously easy on anything that is turn based rather than real time, is for some reason beyond the capabilities of this terrible studio.Fourth, because the AI hasn't been improved from the original blood bowl.  Nothing has.  It's the same ♥♥♥♥ing game with prettier graphics, and fewer teams (which sell seperately.)  Don't insult players with an ai so terribly bad that a brand new player can win a tier 2 1000 rating team against a 1900 rating dark elf or orc team without even trying.  I get how tricky AI can be to implement, but they failed to even program caging correctly, with ai players often forming a cage, only to have the ball carrier run out of it, and attempt to form a whole new one but without enough players left since most of the turn was spent on the first, now unused, cage."
,Not Recommended,236690,28547390,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Gonk,"I am a HUGE Blood Bowl player, starting with the tabletop game in the '90s.  I played the original PC edition years ago and really enjoyed it.  As far as I can tell, this is a fun, faithful recreation of the Blood Bowl I enjoy.  BUT.  I bought this so I can play against the AI.  That's all I really want to do-- I don't want to use this to play other people online, because I don't want to be tied down for 2-3 hours at a time to finish a game.  And what do I find out?  Against the AI, there is NO SAVE GAME feature.  Meaning, even though I'm playing a solo game on my own terms, I can not stop a game and restart it at my own convenience.  I think this is a huge oversight.  I hate to do it, because it does seem like a good, fun game, but I can not recommend this for other people like me."
76561197987217637,Recommended,236690,34255591,Posted: 15 August,all,Livie,"- Finish the campaign and create my own team => Skavens- After 10 hours of /play with the rats, grows fond of them- Random match vs Khemri- Runner - made to grab the ball and go for touchdown - fails to get it 4 times (with 83% chances)- Khemri adopts the ""Break their skulls"" strategy- Hurts severely 2 of my players and KILLS 3 others (something supposedly ""extremely"" rare)- Still manage to win but my roster doesn't mean a thing anymore. 1 on the after-match dice (that grants you money) = cannot recruit a proper new roster.- Secret jutsu : Alt + F4Really cool game. Would recommend it to train your patience and self control."
76561198028426514,Not Recommended,236690,18866063,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,wcladd,"This is a no purely because I like playing against the computer.  If you like to play PVP instead of playing against the AI the game would get a thumbs up.  If however the idea of a long campaign and single player storylines is what you are after, this is not the game to get.  I purchased this game (after owning Blood Bowl 1) because I read in a review that the AI had been improved.  Sadly that is not the case.   I played the entire campaign, over 15 games, and did not get scored on at all throughout the entire thing.  If you like playing against other people and miss the leagues that were in BB1, there are leagues going on here, and you can get some games in that way."
76561198061353436,Not Recommended,236690,18246440,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,andrewlimuts,"I love blood bowl since the boardgame, but this version of it has so many bugs that it gets frustrating. I have had players get KO'd without being hit. The game forgetting to put my ogre on the pitch and worst of all not adding those precious star player points that my team have earned.This does have slightly better graphics and the UI easily better than the first version but the bugs have made me quit in frutstration and concede games on multiple occasions. The AI also has issues by making non-sensical moves, for example, when the opposite team has chance to score but doesnt, even on the last turn of the half.Additionally the menu UI (not the game) has taken a major step backwards from the previous game.As a huge fan I am sad to say give this a miss until either the bugs are fixed or it comes down by at least 33%.  Or play the previous version."
,Recommended,236690,26459458,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,peremptor,"Before playing you should read the Blood Bowl handbookhttp://classics.mit.edu/Epictetus/epicench.htmlYeah this game has been around for a while and it will test you like few other things have before and afterwards. If you smile at the end of it all and come away with the knowledge that it was all meant to be then maybe you'll be the next Diogenes.That or a bum living in the dump with the dogs. What does it matter, you're a stoic now."
76561198007991957,Not Recommended,236690,18165620,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mortaven,"Better graphics and animation, and its nice to see the announcers now.  Other than that?  An entirely inferior game to the original.There are still bugs, there are vastly less teams, there seems to be less in-match announcer dialogue, there're no team-specific cheerleaders, the slow-mo tackle animations don't need to be for ""every"" tackle, tournements just ""end"" without any sort of victory scene or trophy.If/when the game gets a few major content updates, it may be worth it.  Til then, stick with the original."
76561198041328569,Recommended,236690,34406401,Posted: 21 August,all,The Muffin Man,"A great strategy game with a hefty learning curve.  A high amount of randomness means that anything can happen in a given match, but it also has a high level of strategy.  If you make the wrong moves you WILL lose more often than not, regardless of RNG.If you're a lover of American Football and Turn-Based Strategy then this ought to be right up your alley.  Just note that this is not a casual game.  If you decide to try it, be prepared to take some serious beatings.  However, once you learn the game and achieve a level of competence, it is incredibly addictive."
76561197971116829,Recommended,236690,29572368,Posted: 29 January,all,Roach,"It's Blood Bowl. A one-to-one translation from the tabletop game. You will mow down the enemy team with contemptuous ease on one drive, and be utterly ruined by the dice on the next. Crack open a beer and enjoy."
,Recommended,236690,18177420,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Koopsyyy,"This is me making a new review of Blood Bowl II, Previously i gave this game a negative but to me i am now enjoying the game here is the Pro's and Cons of this game and my Personal opinions! feel free to discuss below as i love to communicatePro's1 - UI Is a Superb upgrade from BB1 its not clunky as it used to be.2 - The new Race aka Brettonians are a joy to play and use as there are multiple ways to play them! ( cKnoor has a good tutorial on how to build Brettonians and has footage of him playing them i suggest you check him out! )3 - The graphics here are amazing its superbly executed and it makes the gameplay a tad bit immersive for me personaly4 - Inviting your friends for a fun game of blood bowl is now a thing you can do, this is huge for a game like this!5 - The Announcers are back with more witty banter! I love Jim & Bob so so much <36 -  AI is alot smarter than BB1 but still make silly mistakes like ridiculous re-rolls7 - The Armour Customization Patterns are pretty nifty i like them alot i just wish you could have the option to create your own uniforms in a creator and choose from the multiple patterns , colors etc, But as it is im happy with it!8-  It's Bloody Bloodbowl!!!!!!!!!!!!The Bad1- The Campaign acts like a tutorial but that shoudlnt be the case, its a bit of a slap in the face to those who are wanting to play offline campaign which was actually very enjoyable for me in BB1 but it is possible to make a solo league online.2 - The Graphical options are not acceptable to be frank , its lacking in many customization.3 - There are a ton of races missing so there is not alot of variety to pick from and to much about with, this is probably going to be dlc im just hoping we dont get screwed with dlc teams for like 5$ a pop4 - When Customizing your Characters you have a minimal amount of faces to choose from so your team just ends up looking like an army of clones.These are my points feel free to share your opinionsAs of now i rate Blood Bowl II at a 7.5/10 Its a SUPER Fun game but with the minimal races i cannot rate it over 8, if there were more races this game would easily be a 8/10 but theres still things need fixing!Thanks for reading babes"
,Recommended,236690,18146896,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Skyform,"Great game. UI is cleaner, graphics are better; same with the animations than BB1. Although some tackle animations feel generic like High Elves. It's a game about minimizing risk but even then Nuffle doesn't care sometimes.Needs more races though, only major complaint I have."
76561198136767409,Recommended,236690,23349770,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,isuruspaucus,"CAREFUL : This is not a Sport or an Action Game, This is a pure Turn-based Strategy Game. It needs a lot of planning and thinking at every minute. And the RNG must be part of the strategy, which means you must try to throw the dice as little and as late as possible each turn.You can expect long and slow matches, but they are GREAT if you like this type of game and the Blood Bowl Universe."
,Recommended,236690,33892108,Posted: 29 July,all,Jambo,"I want to focus on why I LOVE Blood Bowl 2 as a mostly solo (anonymous//pub multi) player even though this game's true strength is in its playable, competitive multi-player mode...I am a cancer surviving Old Fart who has played all kinds of games since likely before you were born... No big deal, just saying... Here'e a quick run-down of how I eventually came to become a member of the Blood Bowl community, (For the record, I am starting at BB2. Community member generational associations, while intensely version-specific, seem to be more indicative of crediblity/insight and commitment than whether folks love BB or not in a Big Picture context).At any rate, I had BB2 on my Steam Wishlist for the LONGEST time. I watched it and debated with myself about this purchase through sale after sale, never pushing myself over the line to put it in my shopping cart. In June, I hit my 5-year post treatment milestone of being a Cancer Survivor, so I was primed for something new and different when the Summer Sale hit. While the BB2 sale bundle itself was compelling, it was the provocative first rumbling of what the BB2 Legendary Edition would be that pushed me over the line. AND AM I GLAD I BOUGHT IT!!!!Honestly, my resigned thinking was that BB2 ""as is"" would be interesting, but the features that excited me were ""to be"" in the upcoming Legendary Edition. Once bought, however, I figured that it would be counter-productive to let this title just sit on my Steam list and no be installed and played even though I was pretty sure that the Legenary Edition would be a ""soloist"" dream edition. Well, holy moly was I wrong. I LOVE the current BB2 edition and am SO looking forward to the Legendary Edition. Maybe you will be too. To check out that possibility, here is a bit of my context upon approaching Blood Bowl 2...""In my youth"", I was a multi-sport athlete -- Fall, (American) football; Winter, wrestling; and Spring, the King of Sport, lacrosse (I grew up in the suburbs of Balitmore, MD and went to college on a lacrosse/football scholarship). Of course that did not get me anywhere, really, other than to the orthopedic surgeon and chiropractor due to repeated injuries, etc. but it did teach me a LOT about ""play-based, positional"" sports strategy where both skill and luck-of-the-moment exist in a yin-yang dynamic. I also played a lot of chess. I like how computer implementation can turn ""traditional"" board games into ""dynamic/mutable"" games that are chess-like but have an RNG-based risk aspect to them that ""pure board"" games, like chess, intentional (and physically) do not allow.All this said, once I _finally_ broke down and purchased Blood Bowl 2 during the Summer Sale I HAVE BEEN HAVING A BLAST since ""frame 1"" of the launch of this game. I laugh a lot at the spot-on parody of ""professional"" sports programming from Jim and Bob. I am only a few games into the ""tutorial"" campaign of single player mode, so I am decidedly no expert. But what I can say is that EVERYTHING about the gameplay has been awesome already, so the upcoming multi-featured BB2 Legendary Edition is sure to be pure adrenaline eye- and brain-candy fun.This coming weekend, August 4-7, there is a Beta weekend for current owners and Legendary Edition pre-order folk. I am SO looking forward to it. However, to date, I have only ever played solo/tutorial campaign mode. It scares the proverbial willies out of me to contemplate that the only way I will be able to try out the upcoming Legenardy Edition will be to go ""mana a mama"" with a fellow human player, but I'll do my best. I figure there will many other solo/new players as well, so ""no harm, no foul"" I suppose. It is not that I won't have fun... I just don't want to p__s a decent experienced player off by subjecting them to play far worse than they are used to.Long term, I believe I will play enough BB2LE to join and play in multiplayer league/tournatment communities... but from what I have exerienced so far with BB2 and what is on the list of features for BB2LE, I believe the BB franchise will be a welcoming place for solo/campaign players as well as its well-established multi-player leagues, etc.So, bottom line... even if you don't anticipate real-time, multi-player being the core of your interest in Blood Bowl, I can resoundingly say as a mostly-solo/co-op style player, Blood Bowl 2 is a great sports/chess-like game.I am so looking forward to the August 4-7 beta weekend! :DP.S. If there are any less-than-pro/serious players out there who would like to try to hook-up for a casual fun game during the upcoming beta, please do not hesitate to friend/ping me.:-)Seriously, if you are like me and have thought about it, now is a good  time to be checking out Blood Bowl 2 in anticipation of its upcoming Legendary Edition."
76561198054706072,Recommended,236690,18863855,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Olliefant,"Bloodbowl itself is weird to recommend. It's something you have to try to see if you like it, but ask yourself these three questions firstDo you like strategy games? If no, don't get this, this is more strategy than sport.Are you not okay with permadeath, Don't get it, your players who are amazing will eventually die. (X-com level of trauma).Are you not okay with losing due to bad luck? Don't get it, because chance will screw you.This leaves the question, should you get Bloodbowl 1 or Bloodbowl 2Bloodbowl 2 is like two steps forward and one step backwards.Graphics are obviously better than the first one.The UI has improved in some aspects, percentages are shown instead of forcing the player to know the rules. However grids on the field are missing, as well as the quick overview of the roles of the players. This is quite annoying since some different players can look the same.Tutorial is also way better than BB1, it's slow but it explains the game fairly well.The other single player content is lacking though, so you will mainly be playing this multiplayer. I recommend joining a private league though, as the normal matchmaking is flawed, due to some teams being clearly better in that format. These are easy to find in the steam forums. The community is way bigger, so you will find matches much faster, about 30 seconds, instead of the 15 minutes in BB1.Difference in the amount of teams is quite big though. 10 in BB2 while there are 24 in BB1.That said the ten teams in BB2 are all of relatively equal strength, with one maybe being weaker than the rest. Whereas at least 6 six teams in BB1 are deliberately weaker. The advantage of ten players however is that it is easier for new players to learn strategies against the different teams.So, I would say that for a new player bloodbowl 2 is better, but I would still wait for a sale."
76561197996903623,Recommended,236690,25076224,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tokolosh,"This game is actually a pretty faithful re-creation of the classic Games Workshop Board Game, which was kind of an American Football-lite for Fantasy Nerds.  Blood Bowl always seemed to me like what the Wargamers at GW went and worked on when they got sick of writing all the ""In the grim darkness of yadda yadda there is only war"" stuff that is the rest of their product line and just wanted to make their admittedly-brilliantly modeled dudes hit one another for 20-30 minutes.This is a turn-based, piece pushing, dice-rolling game played on a grid.  The object of the game is, of course, to score the most points by putting the ball into the opposing team's end zone, and that is where the rules stop being American Football, since there is no down system.  Instead, we have wargames miniature mechanics instead, which is cool, if you're into it.  The campaign is servicable, and teaches you to play while throwing a couple of fun curves your way, but League Play is where it's at!  Watching your pieces level up only to be unexpectedly permakilled by an enemy piece is actually a heck of a lot of fun, and combines all the best of a sports management game, with a fun little tactical wargame thrown in.RIP Gnaklet for example, Goblin rookie sensation for the Skacrag Rudeboyz - an agile, touchdown-scoring machine, Gnaklet managed to reach Level 5, was an unparalled reciever with a 7 Agility, until he met his end during the final moments of a disasterous match against human team The Marauders, when one of their Blitzers, Detluf Fleif, rushed him to clear the field for Catcher Manfred Angurney to score their second touchdown of the game, trouncing my poor Rudeboyz 2-0.That being said, the AI is kinda stupid at times, and the RNG can feel frustrating when the dice are against you, but I'd definitely say this is one of the more successful Games Workshop IP translations out there, and if you're at all into Blood Bowl the boardgame, or the premise sounds interesting to you, I say, check it out, Join a league, and have a laugh."
76561198020979268,Not Recommended,236690,18246645,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Spamdrew,"This game is probably fine if you are mostly interested in playing multiplayer. However unfortunately this game revealed how much AI's struggle with situations like Blood Bowl. I played through the entire campaign and conceeded one touchdown in the entire series. Now some of this was due to the fact that the campaign gave you a TR far in excess of your opponents without give them inducements but most of it was due to the fact that the AI constitantly made stupid plays. From running their throwers away from the ball and picking it up with someone else, random one square moves and just having no understanding of how many turns were left in the half. The storyline was fun and the random events were interesting but in the end if I could get my money and time back I would."
76561198006962339,Not Recommended,236690,22269528,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kara,"6 months, not a single additional team. ♥♥♥♥ing Joke.Game was reasonably good out of the gate, but the Dev team really are the essence of drag your♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's either a really small team, or a really bad one, but for a AAA price, a AAA game was not supplied. The previous versions of Bloodbowl were better. Buy one of those, if you want a complete product."
76561198062038457,Recommended,236690,33115728,Posted: 1 July,all,Xerius,"I do not have a lot of hours put into this game yet, although I have played the tabletop version of the game of and on for the last thirty years, and got a lot of enjoyment out of the Chaos Edition of the earlier computer Blood Bowl game from this publisher.I am uncertain I consider Blood Bowl 2 to be an upgrade unfortunately.  The graphics are nicer, the animations are amusing, and the symbols for skills instead of words take a bit of getting used to, but are simply a matter of time played to figure out, but the core of the game has many of the same flaws as the earlier version, and a few more have been added.It is obviously not the fault of the publisher that multiplayer play is so problematic.  Between matches with teams with twice my point total (nice for learning strategies, but a bit hard on the scoreboard), team with twice my team point total who seem to be able to do things not in the Blood Bowl rulebook (entire teams of dwarves who run seven squares and sprint four more, or Dark Elves who consistently resist blocks), matches with people who abandon the game if they get behind on points, or simply the kind of hatred that seems to be the norm in the chat area, I cannot say I found the multiplayer experience worth the effort outside of predetermined matches with people I already know.The single player aspect of the game is equally flawed.  I frequently got the impression that the outcome of the game was determined by the computer before the game started (one noteable game where I spent the last seven turns of the game alternately failing with my Human Catcher to pick up a ball sitting three squares from my opponent's endzone and watching a computer controlled dwarf flawlessly pick up that same ball (at which point I would Blitz him with my Ogre and try to pick up the ball again).There is a lot of discussion about the changes to the computer AI, and I can agree that it does tend to be a bit predictable, but with the skewed randomness found in the single player game, the computer does not really need an elaborate set of strategies, since it simply alters the rolls to achieve the predetermined output.The game remains fun though.  I continue to play it simply because it gives me a way to play Blood Bowl when the regular tabletop leagues I take part in are not running, and I can set up games with the occasional friend who also has played the tabletop game with me, although we have to agree that while the computer version takes care of a lot of the logistics of the game, we kind of prefer to roll our own dice, since we see a lot less odd random streaks (eleven consecutive rolls of a one is the longest single number streak I have seen so far).To make a long story only slightly longer, I enjoy Blood Bowl 2 enough to recommend it, but acknowledge a number of glaring flaws."
,Not Recommended,236690,19206964,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Nosferatu,"They took a game, rereleased a prettier simple version with customisation and leveling aesthetics removed and are now selling back to you what they took out from before - equal+ to the initial cost of the game.I had HOPED, that BB2 would end the constant rerelease of editions from the BB era.  I was HAPPY to pay for the DLC races as I actually felt there was some value.  Had I known there would also be microtransactions for simple player shirts  and other features REMOVED from previous games, I would NEVER have bought it.  Thanks Cyanide, you just made me add another game to the list of things I refuse to support.  I realise the game has not sold as well as you had hoped, but if it hadn't been released halfarsed and incomplete in the first place things would have been different."
76561198009088508,Recommended,236690,18164078,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Micothecat,"Still one of my favorite boardgame adaptations to play on the PC.  Graphics are much more polished this go-around, the AI is a bit smarter and for the most part the rules are kept intact.  BloodBowl isn't for everyone, there are a ton of RNG nail-biting moments due to it's boardgame roots, so others may not like that.  As for me, smashing down the field with a bunch of crazy greenskins will always be enjoyable :)"
,Recommended,236690,18179814,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Leopards,"I have never played a Blood Bowl game before, just a big warhammer fan and I also enjoy turn based, tactical games (XCOM for example). At first I thought the whole football premise was weird but this game is actually incredibly fun.It's really easy to find people to play, the game looks great and runs well. If you are a BloodBowl fan, or a fan or turn based tactical games like XCOM then I would definitely give this a try."
,Not Recommended,236690,23048917,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"Lacking races and there is no single player, just a boring tutorial they call single player."
,Not Recommended,236690,18276776,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Beady serpent eyes,"Bretonnians and graphics are the only real advantages to this game over Bloodbowl Chaos Edition. You can't save and exit from a single player game, and get penalised for quitting against AI. I don't understand the people who think the UI is better: inviting people to leagues is decidely more fiddly and sometimes it is infuriating that you click on your team wanting to play with them, only to remember that you have to exit out of two menus, and then go back into a completely separate menu just to play with them. The control system is worse than the original, though you can switch it back to the other system. The cutscenes get boring and samey. There are less teams, and ironically less graphical customisation options."
,Recommended,236690,30079479,Posted: 21 February,all,Varulven,"Being a fan of the board game, I got a discount on steam for this game and some in-game cosmetics when i got my very own box of blood bowl from GW. I figured i'd give it a shot, and i'm satisfied as all hell.Besides offering the more intuitive and fast-paced gameplay experience that modern computing offers, it feels much like a living, breathing version of the board game. With it being so much cheaper, faster, and easier to grasp than the board game, I do reccomend this to new players of blood bowl. For old players, you will want to try it out as well. However, when the nerddomsets in you should get yourself a box of the newly released board game and kick some♥♥♥♥♥in the physical world as well."
76561197963756342,Recommended,236690,30108490,Posted: 22 February,all,Lord Xel,"The game is a lot like Chess. You move your pieces around and try to out think, out maneuver and trap your oppnent in order to win. But imagine you are playing Chess and you move your Queen to capture an insolated Pawn -- but what happens instead is that Pawn kills your Queen.That's Blood Bowl 2."
76561198019416031,Recommended,236690,28305004,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Smullyan,"Once you get your head around tackle/ assist zones, you'll find Blood Bowl is an extremely strategic and tactical game. It's basically super-violent chess. If you take the time to learn all of the mechanics and little nuances, you'll be rewarded with a great gaming experience. This sophisticated rule-set is counterbalanced beautifully by the incessantly crunching violence of the game's stylisation, which makes it this complex gaming oxymoron, simultaneously intellectual and mindless.In keeping with the prevailing ethos of early Games Workshop, the game is brutal and unforgiving: your favourite palyers will die and you will be subjected to the unpitying randomness of the dice. Suck it up. Savour it. In terms of the philosophy of games, I find that this kind of game mirrors life most accurately; when you expect your Kroxigor to tackle the living daylights out of an elf, he'll roll double skulls and die. Great, I say. Who wants some patronising game that leads to you to believe in the fallacy of a 'sure thing'? I know I don't.Anyhoo, 10/10 would be tossed mercilessly hither and thither by the winds of fate again."
,Recommended,236690,23599120,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Goregrim,"There's nothing better than a game that gives you RNG that really slaps you in the face. When it's choosing which crappy die result after attempting a tackle, or screaming at your dumbass Troll who refuses to move a single space (or ate your  Goblin for that matter). After every failed roll, loss, injured player, or failure to pick up a ball that is right in front of them; my verdict on this game still remains positive and I will break it down why.Gameplay: Blood Bowl is a turn based dice rolling game of football where every player on your team makes a difference in terms of positioning and stats. My favorite part about this is that you can create your own team and have them compete in tournaments and leagues. Death is permanent for your players however so be prepared for when high level Mr. Badass gets murdered by a little innocent Skink. As you progress, you can upgrade your stadium and team staff with more cheerleaders and coach assistants so you can make the best team of all the Elves, Orcs, Rats, or Humies.Atmosphere: given that this is a Warhammer fantasy game, you see a lot of familiar races such as the Skaven, Black Orcs and Chaos but set in a stadium for some good wholesome sport where anything goes to achieve victory. The two announcers are quite the treat themselves with their commentary on about anything that goes on in the game.Graphics: very well designed and detailed with every separate character in the game. not much to say but nothing to really complain about.Overall, Blood Bowl 2 makes for a great game for you to get angry at because RNG dictates that you  cannot make the perfect play. So get your team together, warm up those blocking dice and pray to Nuffle that you will succeed."
,Recommended,236690,28986152,Posted: 3 January,all,koolaidconvoy,"Blood Bowl 2 is the most engrossing recreation of the tabletop game. I've long been a fan of the ruleset, and BB2 has provided the presentation and execution to keep me interested. I play it more than any other game in my library."
,Recommended,236690,21780124,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Da Coach,"I see a lot of negative reviews from people who have played the original blood bowl games which I can't comment on due to BB2 being my first experience of the game, all I can say is that I love it, if I've got free time it's my first, second and third choice, and if I'm not playing I'm watching a stream :)Pros:1. Incredibly deep gameplay/strategy, after 600 hours I still feel like a noob, every team can be developed differently according to how you like to play, and more than half the teams haven't been released yet so still plenty of variety to come.2. The game looks great and the UI is mostly excellent with some occasionally annoying exceptions which the developer has been regularly but slowly fixing.3. The community. This is the best thing by far, Bloodbowl isn't a game with a huge player base but it seems like once you start playing you don't stop, a huge amount of strategy guides available, all the streams I've seen have a very welcoming chat and once you feel like you've got a grasp of the basics there are a lot of private leagues with some really good and friendly players.Cons:1. Steep learning curve with a not great match making system can lead to some impossible games when you're just starting out, the tutorial will teach you the basics, but very slowly, I'd recommend watching some streamers and asking questions in chat over playing the tutorial, and when you search for a game stopping and starting the search every ten seconds or so will help to avoid the more ridiculously impossible match ups.2. Time. Games can take over an hour to play, there's no speed mode so if you don't have that kind of time then this isn't the game for you.3. Salt. Everything in this game is decided on the roll of a dice, there will absolutely be times when you know you're playing someone who isn't close to being as good as you but he'll wreck you because he'll get every dice roll his way. The better you are the better you will be able to allow for the variance but sometimes you're going to be left disgusted.4. No competitive rankings. There's nothing currently like the ladder in hearthstone to judge yourself by, the main match making league is perpetual so really you have to join private leagues to find proper competition. Cyanide have put up prizes for a world cup competition but reallistaically only the very best players have a chance of qualifying for that, definitely my biggest problem with the game currently.Edit: I now have over 1100 hours on this game and still addicted to it, to update the pro's there has now been a year of DLC teams being added, with two more imminent, all done to the same high standard as the base game teams, and all definitely beatable by the teams you start with, so don't feel like you need to pay to win here.With the cons, the match making has been improved somewhat, with everyone going into a pool with a max 5 minute waiting time, which generally has improved the fairness of the games. There is now also a Champion ladder where experienced players can challenge each other to get the best record with the race of their choice, the winners all going into play-offs to find the overall champion. This new mode has really improved the match making experience, allowing you to find a real challenge even if you don't have the time/interest in signing up for private leagues."
76561198002554370,Not Recommended,236690,30110477,Posted: 22 February,all,Scary Terry,"Exactly like Blood Bowl 1, with very marginally improved graphics. They conrols have actually been made clunkier than the last game, so expect some unintentional moves and passes that will help you lose. Also making a ton of races DLC? I love Warhammer, but I can't stand Games Workshop. Seems like a shameless cash grab.Oh, and all the reused artwork from the last game feels like a $50 slap in the face. For shame."
,Not Recommended,236690,18147332,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,CupcakeKiller,"It's pretty, I'll give it that. And I imagine in a year or two it will be solid. But much like BB1 was at launch Bloodbowl 2 is far from a complete game. Putting aside the fact that they don't have goblins or halflings (which is sort of a dealbreaker for me right off the bat) the lack of fullscreen (You can play borderless window at full resolution, but that overtaxes some hardware) makes it almost unplayable and little things like no armor upgrades and lack of a true solo campaign (you can play in a solo league but it is noteably less awesome than the solo campaign in 1 where there was a map and more of a sense of a world and story) make the game just lacking in gameplay compared to Chaos Edition.So here's what it comes down to. If you're a hardcare blood bowl player and you want to support the studio so they can continue to imrpove this game and utlimately have 2 as full featured (or hopefully more) as one, then buy it. It definitely has promise and my family bought 3 copies for this reason.If you don't already have Chaos Edition it really comes down to what's most important to you. If it's graphics then by all means, get II!If it's gameplay... well I honestly can't bring myself to recommend II over Chaos Edition... yet. Chaos has had years to polish things and has 23 races compared to 8 here.  Which is really frustrating for me because I have friends I'd like to get into BloodBowl. But since I myself will be sticking with Chaos Edition until they've added some key things like fullscreen, more races, and a better single player experience, it's pretty hard for me to recommend this over Chaos, particularly given that Chaos is cheaper."
76561198082315979,Not Recommended,236690,21615966,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,gollumrules88,"Highly recommend Blood Bowl 1.  This sequel functionally adds some fun additions to the play and fixes some multiplayer annoyances.  The game content is fantastic. But there's no reason to spring for the newer version. Normally I'd support the switch to a more open platform with some purchasable mods in the interest of the developers making a few honest dollars from some colorful content (along with vastly the multiplayer community.) However...Unforgivable Sin:Must now Purchase Formerly Free Content (Wood Elves, and Lizardmen Races)Bad Things:1. Much Increased Loading Times2. Increased AI Thinking Times (The 4 minute countdown timer doesn't apply to the AI.)(On my computer about 2 minutes for anything more complex than a kickoff or the first turn after.)(Totaling to double the time for me to finish a game, although admittedly, my computer isn't so great.)3. % of Success posted not modified by auto-reroll skills such as catch and dodge. (Essentially they're showing the odds of a single dice roll. Yay.)Good Things:1. In-Game Save.2. Players have modifiable appearance.3. Interesting Campaign4. Modifiable Locations  (Including some really fun stuff.)5. Funnier commentary.6. % of success posted for risky moves.I don't resent them for trying to make money off a great game. But I bought the game for the content. Now there's additional charges for races I can play in the old version for free? Sorry. I'll play the old version. There's just not enough difference for me to care."
76561198082321870,Recommended,236690,27804025,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spike,"Chess meets American Football.Very hard learning curve. I recommend ppl to play abit on single player before going into multiplayer. Also Google bloodbowl tactics and ""Tackle zones""Very satisfying when things goes as planed, but BBII is also the game I've been most frustrated with.Nuffle, The God of Dice, can be very sneakyOne more thing: Do the safe moves first, like raising your players after they're knoked down. Do not start with the uncertain moves, like picking up the ball and passing it (there are 3 rolls there, pick up ball 67%, pass: anything from 17%-83% depending on agility of the players involved and on the lengh of the pass. The catcher also have to roll to catch it)"
,Not Recommended,236690,18877287,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kenedius,"The control system is better than previous but the campaign is basically a tutorial and dlc is unables to be used on it which is rubbish, hopefully they remove the online only aspects allowing full control of teams for main game23/12/2015 updatePlayed again after recent update, they have added an offline mode that is similar to the short games in BB1 but it is still missing the offline campaign element where you can use your dlc team if you want in it, so this game still is governed by the online side which will only last as long as there is server support which sucks, tbh there is better development and play on the Mobile game on android or apple you just have to suffer the touch screen side of things or the xbox arcarde version which is very good for playability and offline content"
76561198164215761,Recommended,236690,30090734,Posted: 21 February,all,executioners axe,"well, after now logging 450 hours on this game i can honestly say this. while i havent logged ANY hours against live opponets, all my time is against the AI. that being said i have found that as your team gets better the AI throws up a♥♥♥♥♥♥team which you GIVE a HUGE handicap to and then it proceedes to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta your team that has taken quite the while to build up. the game is done by the same company that does MORHEIM and my edumacated guess is that it uses the same AI or a derivative there of. this version of blood bowl does in fact mirror the 'new' version of the miniature game very well. all in all it is a fun game and i would recommend it, tho be preparred for some let down especially against the AI."
,Recommended,236690,31681383,Posted: 11 May,all,Gankmeister,"More times than not you are left at the mercy of the dice rolls, but as in real life you can rig the odds in your favour to get ahead. This isn't  just a game, it's a way of life, a metaphor for the cruelty and brutality of the world, filled with moments of sorrow when a skilled player fails an apothecary re-roll and dies and pure elation when you manage to go for it and get that game winning touchdown.Be warned you will come to both love and hate this game in equal measures, but as far as the £23.99 price tag goes, there's no question it's worth it, grab some buddies and form a league, it's time for some Blood Bowl!"
,Recommended,236690,20853282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Gwiazda kota º(^o^)º,"Bloody football is a turn-based strategy. I've played in the last part and I like they both.Of course there is less teams, but the developers will add them.And most likely they can be purchased in-game currency.The main disadvantage of this MAGICAL RANDOM ...Even if your player has a 83% chance to dodge an opponent, then it is likely that it will fall ...At the same time it is possible to evade at a probability of 37%.It is also frustrating when your Minotaur can die from slipping.Graphics in the game is good. But it would be possible to add more animations.The final score 9 injured players of 11 elves."
,Recommended,236690,18165368,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,VulpusAlbus,"Part 1: REVIEW FOR PLAYERS FAMILIAR WITH BLOOD BOWLThis is just another BB client. Some pros, some cons in comparison with BB1.  The most noticable differences:1. Much better online than BB1 in public leagues. Private leagues will need some time to evolve to the level of BB1, but I believe it will happen soon enough.2. Interface is different and will require some time to adopt, but is of about the same level.3. Less number of teams, others will probably be in DLCs.4. AI is betterm but still good only for newcomers, it'll not hold vs experienced coaches.5. Some optional and obligatory homerules and some rules are bugged, but nothing gamebreaking if you can live with some changes from the rules.6. Better graphics.Part 2: REVIEW FOR NEW PLAYERSThere are several BB clients on the market: Fumbbl (the worst GUI and graphics, the best content), BloodBowl2 (the best GUI and graphics, most differences from original board game rules), BB1 is somewhere in between. There is no point in buying BB1 now as the number of players in online is bad. If you are not a diehard board gamem fan, the differences with the rules should not matter much for you, so get BB2.Most negative reviews are coming from experienced coaches who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with some differences with the board game rules and low number of teams. In fact it doesn't affect the core of the gameplay and present teams are enough to represent most aspects of BB and are balanced well. Teams that can come as DLC later are not going to be much better, the balance is quite good here, so if you are not going to try them all you'll not have to spend money on them. So do not be afraid of poor ratings or ranting in the forums. Haters gonna hate, but it doesn't really make the game worser for new players.I would recommend this game to you if you like turn-based risk-managment games or warhammer universe."
76561197999465640,Recommended,236690,24604008,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Slazzurus,"Don't mind the mixed reviews. This game is hell in a handbasket fun.The only issue is that you need to actively find people/meet people to get in a league for multiplayer. It's got a bit of a learning curve, but it's plenty fun, especially for the more tactical of folks.And if you're a nerd like me, you get to tackle the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the people vicariously that you couldn't before in high school.-Slazz"
76561198002621482,Recommended,236690,24989356,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ninja_Prime,"Ok I finally got this game, even though I waited until it was on offer. After reading other people’s reviews and how some actually said it wasn’t worth buying, I eventually got a chance to play a few games, oh yeah, I also bought all the DLC’s, well technically that’s not true as the Undead DLC was thrown in for free because I bought the wood elf and lizard men, thanks, that was a pleasant and unexpected bonus.Where to start, Ok if you have never played this game on PC before, don’t bother getting the older version, and just buy this one instead. Graphics wise this version is so much better, I don’t think it’s been optimised in any way, but you should be able to get playable framerates and visuals on a medium rig PC.Gameplay wise, I never really noticed that much difference from the original game, and the camera angles have remained the same. This is a quick game to pick up for new players, but learning the game properly can take a while to master, even with the dumb AI and sometimes ridicules dice roles that you get, but that’s the fun of it.Don’t be expecting some easy game, this game is very challenging even with the AI set to easy, because this is based on a table top game, where you are at the mercy of the dice rolls, this has certainly been captured and the frustration of seeing your thrower either miss his catcher or the catcher missing the ball entirely can be really frustrating.The commentary in the game is both entertaining and repetitive, but you do have the option to switch it off, I think. If you like the Warhammer universe, then this is certainly one to add to your collection, it’s by no means the sequel that everyone was expecting, but who knows, with more DLS’s coming out, we may eventually get the game that all the fans were waiting for.If I were to rate this out of 10, I would give it a solid 7.5, with plenty of room for improvement."
76561198007745589,Not Recommended,236690,33486036,Posted: 12 July,all,Silly_Savage,"Based on the table-top game, the core gameplay of Bloodbowl 2 was never going to be bad. however, when we compare it to its predecessor on the pc, Bloodbowl, we see it doesn't come out as too favourably, in the aspects that i personally find the most important.first off are the graphics; they are a higher quality than the original Bloodbowl, but for me personally, the style they went for with some of the models is a bit of a let-down, though that is purely subjective.what is not subjective is the fact it simply offers less content that the original; simultaneous mode, while less popular, is no longer in there, and neither are pre-game ''inducements''. no more doping your players up to the eyeballs to get an advantage for the big match.Bloodbowl 2 also comes with far fewer races than the original did, and the ones they developed later seem to have a hefty price-tag attached. i understand moddelling a team can be time-consuming and pricy, as they have stated, but since they don't have to balance-test anything since it's all according to the table-top rules, the price they ask does seem quite steep.all in all, i would recommend the original over this one. more features, animations take less long, and it's cheaper."
76561198089337274,Recommended,236690,18333634,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Chef Vortivask,"Blood Bowl 2 despite people complaining about the campaign and lack of content compared to the Blood Bowl 1is a great game. Blood Bowl 1 had a lot added on after launch so I am sure they will add more content and continue to support this game, and in terms of the campaign I think its completely skipable. If you want a good offline experience just play a solo league, so I don't see why saying the campaign is bad is a thing people would give this game a negative review for. The learning curve is a bit steep and the time comitment is a bit much but if your willing to keep trying you'll get the game down and have a great time with it."
76561198041237282,Recommended,236690,29473556,Posted: 24 January,all,ToeJam,"I am going to recommend this game... but there are issues which detract from the enjoyment.First off, the positives:-This brings back a lot of fond memories of the original table top game.-graphics are decent.-Dialouge from the commentators is funny and the intermitent segments of history that pop up before a game are interesting to read.-Teams are quite balanced and so you can choose your style without finding yourself dramatically outmatched by a different style of play.Negatives:-Playing AI and in a league, you are unable to save game during a match. There might be an argument that you could just go back to an earlier point if loosing.... but... if you 'quit' the match, you can restart without any penalty.-The next issue is also related to AI games and is infuriating: If for whatever reason, you loose internet connection, your progress is not updated and you have to start the game again... there is no forewarning that connection has been lost...  so you only find out you've wasted an hour+ at the end.-Turn based games are fun.... but games are really slow... In this instance it can take the AI up to minute to decide on it's first move... seriously? I expected a bit more fluidity and speed from an AI's computations.-One of the commentators ruins the feal of the game by bringing up dice rolls - usually commentating on rolling a one. This takes some of the spark out of the roleplay genre... in a real game would you say a fumble was a roll of one? This is a pedantic irritation... but irritating netherless.Yes, I would recommend, but be aware that you might end up tearing out some of your hair."
76561198006607098,Not Recommended,236690,22147630,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Abad,"a lot of promise, no deliverycyanide game7 months not enough to release 1! new race .. i guess game might be complete by 2030?do not buy"
76561198005611571,Recommended,236690,32392176,Posted: 13 June,all,Daimaiku,Pretty much the board game but you don' t have to get out of the basement to play it with someone else. Loving it!
,Not Recommended,236690,23150847,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Quantum Mottle,"Absolutely no balance in the online play.  Unless you have 12 friends that all want to start a team together good luck finding a league to start a fresh team.  The matchmaking system has no ranking filter and will put you up against seasoned teams in your first match, making it not only almost impossible to win, but also not the least bit enjoyable."
76561197974084922,Recommended,236690,24664795,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,EndlessFragment,"After watching TotalBiscuts' Blood Bowl 1 tournament years ago I saw this game coming up and thought why not give it a shot. Since then I've never regretted my decision.At first the game seems very punishing. If you don't take the time to learn the order of operations (safe moves first, risky plays after) you'll feel like you're getting♥♥♥♥♥♥on by RNG, but once you get the hang of that the game opens up. After 150+ hours in game I still feel like I learn something knew every time I play.The community is also pretty great, from what I've seen so far. I stream the game and so many people have come into my chat and offered to give me tips and tricks. They've really helped me improve and get much more enjoyment out of the game.It does lack a lot of teams for the moment, but they seem like they're looking to add more in the future. So far they're already addedf Norse and Undead. Nurgle, and Necro are on the way too.There is also the occasional bug, crashing here and there, but nothing has ever affected me personally aside from hilarious camera angles.Over all it's a solid game. If you're at all interested in the turn based strategy (with some rng), warhammer, or football you may very well enjoy this game."
76561197996049086,Recommended,236690,18176596,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Smegmata,"+ Greatly improved graphics over previous editions+ More intuitive interface+ Stomping the enemy team's star quarterback into the a dead, bloody paste is still fun+ Interesting single-player campaign/training mode for those new to the strategy in the series+ Stayed mostly true to the ruleset- Only 8 teams out so far, with as-yet-unpriced future DLC purchases required to get more teams- A few issues with crashing, which wouldn't be a big deal but for the fact you can't save an in-progress game.- Reported multiplayer issues.  I haven't had a problem, but others have.- Fewer player customization options than previous editionsOverall, I'll give this game a reccomendation because as a standalone game it's fun and enjoyable, but It was released early and it shows.  In the end, it'll probably be a worthy successor to the other Blood Bowl games, provided they don't charge an arm and a leg for extra teams.If you're on the fence, I'd wait to buy this product until we get to see how much they're going to charge for new teams.  If the price is too high, wait for a sale or a bundle.   Definitely worth getting, but don't be taken for a sucker on DLC."
76561198006510461,Recommended,236690,18147126,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Blood Claw,"BETA REVIEWTHE BASICSFirst thing First the KILL CAM IS TO DIE FOR. ( slow mo death time is awesome :D)Blood Bowl 2 is the mutant ofspring of american football and the fantassy warhammer world. The game is sertannly a great laugh but also is serious enough to justify long term dedicated game time.This game inspires me to rage and ROFL in equal mesures depending on who nuffle ( blood bowl's god) shines on that day.The game is ALOT more new user freindly than BB1 with a user freindly interface and you can even get an assistant coach (AI) to build your team for you till you start to understand how things work.Bob and Jim our beloved ogre and vampire commentators never fail to make me laugh, a great example here (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhBgJZJYS00)The gameplay has 2 layers.1.The first of witch is where you design and change your team to fit you need as you manage things like your teams money and how many chearleaders you want to have.2. The second layer is the actual pitch where the game takes a TBS role where you posistion your players and fight all over the ball with the ultamate aim of scoreing more touchdowns than your rival.PERFORMANCEHas been outstanding for me to say the least next to no loading time and good frame rates throughout. (and i have been recoding gameplay on top so performance is awesome for me to say the least.FOR PEOPLE NEW TO BLOOD BOWL ( Starting guide )Orks and humans are the 2 teams id recomend starting with there good allrounders.orks if you want to be more blocky (fighting / killing) and humans if you want better controll of the ball.After you have a few games under our belt you may want to try a more specilised team with a playstyle you seem to lean towards and or like.For example you try the Humans out but notice you like to bash in your rivals head ... well then try moveing on the the dwarfs or the orks if you dont want to give up the ball game alltogether :PAt first it may seem like you have nothing but bad luck with turnover after turnover and the game is treating you badly for some reason but a large part of the game is risk managment to reduce those turnover and a good coach knows how to manage those risks.a few good tips for this are1. Allways stand up your fallen players asap2. Prioritse low risk and high reward actions before the vice versaFOR BLOOD BOWL VETRANS / CHANGES FROM BB1Its the old game you loved with a few ballance changes such as the ork blitzer has increased in price. ( I would go into more detail but as its the beta i expect they will either revert back or change more after the release / in updates to come)The animations are really nice and far better than BB1 as well as the graphics.The variations and differnt ""jerrsy"" / armour types are nice comapred too BB1The lack of teams compared too BB1 can hurt but its not as though be seen alot of those teams played often. All the bases are coverd basic playstyle wise though with it only despratly needing a goblin team for the pure ROFL epic failness that they create and the shockingly epic 1 in 200 play where it all goes right :PYou now get your own teams stadium to change and personelise to fit your team.Cheerleaders are allways the basic humans and i am hopeing and praying that is just for the beta but if its not i am going to be one sad bunny as i loved the differnt chearleaders from BB1AIThe AI is a big step up from BB1 with teams acting acordinly with there playstyle but any seasond players will probally still find it underwellming and need to look to PVP for there thrills.I expect there will be 5-10 DLC teams comeing either as single teams or as larger expanions pack style DLC.Hope This helps you decide if you want to take the plunge and try this game out.Good luck and se you on the pitch :Dwant to see gameplay please hop over to my channel :)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEWi55_w4pBFCy06QGTdOBw"
76561198181747230,Recommended,236690,25587421,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,underarmhornet5,"Awsome!Do you like strategy games,  do you lile football, do you like violance.  Then you'll loke this.Also i'm a collector of Warhammer and i love how they made the story line fit into the Warhammer universe and all the places and people."
,Recommended,236690,20777578,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,IsenMike,"For the curious: Blood Bowl 2​ is a turn-based tactical combat game, loosely based around American Football, played with the fantasy races from Warhammer, and with X-COM style persistent characters.  (They gain skills, injuries, death.) It's a gorgeous, rules-perfect (nit-picks aside) adaptation of the 30-year-old board game.  It is goofy and stupid and fun while also providing quite a bit of strategic depth, if you have the stomach for dice-rolling (and don't get too attached to your players).  I have sunk entirely too many hours into this game."
,Recommended,236690,29866278,Posted: 11 February,all,SFGSam,"An absolutely fantastic adaptation of the tabletop game. A handful of changes, but Cyanide have been very open to the community and are implementing some great changes in the upcoming expansion.A few diehard Blood Bowl fans may be taken aback by the inclusion of the not-quite-traditional race Bretonians, or critical of the slight changes to individual positional costs and stats. However, I do not mind these little quirks, as the platform offers a great way to get your game on!"
,Recommended,236690,33746724,Posted: 23 July,all,hentai.,"Alright. A few things. First; I have no previous Bloodbowl experience. I didn't play the boardgame, I didn't play the first game on pc, hell, I barely have any real Warhammer experience other than Total War. So, this is a review probably for people like me.I bought Bloodbowl 2 out of sheer curiosity. I love X-Com. A lot. The games are fantastic and they have been since their inception (even if the earlier games were maybe a bit too hard for my taste. I want a game, not another abusive relationship) Bloodbowl 2 brings some of these same strategic playstyles and game features to a more light-hearted (offline) place: Football. I f***king hate sports, to be honest. But Bloodbowl is pretty effing fun. I have done some campaign and I have done a lot of offline play but it was most fun when I was playing it online with someone who understood the game as well as I did (meaning, meh. pretty little). S**t was fun. Really fun. I won't get into the dumb micro-transactions or the over priced races because I just want people to see the core gameplay for what it is. It's a really, really interesting take on the rules of football and the lore of Warhammer. If you like X-Com and you don't want to see your crew die quite as much, this might be your jam. I've loved every second. It's easy to pick up and play for a couple games and then set down. Or, if you're awful like me, you'll probably go offline so no one knows you're on and just binge the game for an eight hour night. Your call.Plus, the game is pretty cheap right now. I bought it for $10 but even the $20 asking price is well worth the package."
76561198050536038,Recommended,236690,34995763,Posted: 16 September,all,willaimshakesbeer,"If you play the game of bowls, you win or reroll. Blood Bowl 2 is like playing chess and russian roulette at the same time; you make a great move, you think, and suddenly you get the square bullet. I really love this game."
,Not Recommended,236690,18968042,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Shadowpoker,Better interface in Blood Bowl: Chaos Ed. Better everything. Only nice animation you will enjoy for maye 2 hours..
,Recommended,236690,18148260,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I already really like this game. Awesome, brutal animations, relatively beautiful graphics and easy, simplistic controls. Blood Bowl is essentially American Football mixed with the Warhammer Fantasy Battle universe where Orkz pummel Humans into the turf with wild abandon. Ever wanted to kill your opponent's entire team rather than score touchdowns? Well, Blood Bowl is your game. And as far as competitive Blood Bowl Multiplayer goes, this is the best Blood Bowl to date. Full on team customization from colors to races, mixed with Cabal TV (allows you to watch community replays and live matches between players) and a fully fleshed out League mode means having a persistent team  that competes against other players is definitely the way to play. You also get quite a few races to choose from, Humans, Bretonnians, Dark Elves, High Elves, Dwarfs, Chaos, Orkz, Skaven and even Lizardmen (or Wood Elves). Still, I'd like to see the other races in the game as well, especially the Undead, Vampire Counts and Tomb Kings.My biggest complaints with the game are in the features the game is missing as opposed to Chaos Edition. For example, there is no real-time mode, there is no World Cup mode or tournament mode. It really focuses on the League mode between players. Essentially, if you have no friends or don't like playing competitively, there isn't much for you to do. It would also be nice if there were more animations overall.Gameplay Footage (Still processing):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rto743c3Mks&feature=youtu.be"
76561198027291106,Recommended,236690,19756451,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Debtmonkey,"Football, orcs & a malevolent god of spiteful dice Rolls: Blood bowl is one of my favourite games that I have absolutely failed to get my friends in to.If you like turn based strategy and team management games I'd definitely reccommend this game to you.  It does have its issues, but the developer is putting significant effort in to fixing the bugs and adding additional features since September. They managed to impress me enough to post a simple review, and that's time I could be using to think of more puns to base my player and team names on!"
76561198140457477,Recommended,236690,21658209,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rockpaper,Buy it on sale for 50% or more.  It is often on sale at that price.  Game looks great and feels like an improvement in every way.  I haven't played very long so I will update my review if I encounter any issues.  Only thing i've seen so far is the subtitles of the announcers are off pretty often when they speak but its not a big deal.I debated buying this for a few days because of the lousy option to buy extra teams for 6 plus usd.  That is a crazy price in my opinion.  I'm not opposed to what they are doing as the orginal took 2 expansions before you had all the teams but additional teams would be much more appealing at the price of 2 bucks.  So I will just wait til they go on sale.If you buy the game now before the release of the next 4 races you get them for free.  I think that is a decent price....about 20 dollars  (at 50% off) and you are getting half of the total teams most likely...then just wait for a sale on the rest of the teams.I think the game is worth it when it is on sale for 50% or more.
76561198141167939,Recommended,236690,24642162,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Goltar,"You will read many reviews of BB2, either from crazed fans or from endless complainers, sometimes from both at the same time.Both have their reasons, of course: complainers mostly focus on the fact that the game seems ""unfinished"", that it lacks many teams that were present in BB1 (and the DLC is coming in quite slow), that many small eye candies are unfinished (like cheerleaders being all mummified human dolls in blue) and so many other issues that they will be glad to point out for you.But before deciding whether to buy or not the game, silence the nay-sayers a bit. Listen to the crazed fans for a moment. To those that still find more than satisfying getting home after a long day at work, grab a ball and get lost in the rush of a Blood Bowl game!If you know Blood Bowl, you will feel at home. If you never played Blood Bowl, this is your ticket into the madness.And if you decide to trust the developers *now*, they will be motivated to fix all the small (and, frankly, irrelevant - the game is great already!) issues that bother the complainers so much."
76561197991930868,Not Recommended,236690,18251781,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeNordain,I am very disappointed that I cant play a solo campaign with whatever race I want as in the previous editions of BB.I do hope that this feature will be possible later on.
76561197999843432,Recommended,236690,32794576,Posted: 25 June,all,SirHenryMotherfucker,I hate this game. Every time I play something terrible happens and I want to puch a hole in a wall.10/10 would die on a go for it again
76561198109033057,Recommended,236690,33726884,Posted: 22 July,all,ChaosKitteh™,Made an ork team.Faced elfs.One elf survived.Lost the match.11/10 Would kill people instead of winning again.
76561198074790444,Recommended,236690,22254337,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Scodi,"Blood Bowl 2 is a hard game to review, because it very much depends on how you want to play.On balance I am saying yes to a recommendation because I have, and am, enjoying playing, and have had a decent number of enjoyable hours from it. That comes with the caveat that it's not going to be for everyone and it feels like it requires some reasonable commitment from the players.I have been a blood bowl fan, but hadn't played for many years, and had only played the tabletop versions before this; never any of the computer variants. For me, Blood Bowl 2 gives a reasonable way to play the game online, while not really providing much else.There are two real modes of the game; playing vs the AI or multiplayer games.Playing vs the AI is a fine way to play the game, and get a bit of practice in, but is not ultimately very challenging. If you are new to the game, I think the AI would be great, and a good way to learn the game, but there is a point where you will win every game, and there's not a lot more to learn from it. There is no difficulty setting, and the AI lacks a lot of basic strategy.Games vs other players becomes the game once you're half way decent, and is good if you're happy to schedule games and play regularly and be organised. Blood Bowl as a whole has a vibrant and friendly community, and joining their organised leagues is relatively easy. Organising private leagues with friends is better.If you want to pick up an odd game to play now and again though, you're left with the Cyanide Open League, which is... well it's a way to play a game but not much else. There's not enough players, which can sometimes lead to long waits if it's the wrong time of day, or mismatches where someone with a very high team value is matched against a new team. Inducements are not good enough to balance the issue. There's also no goal or point to the open league, it just runs as a way you can play your team. For me, it feels like a practice room, somewhere to take a team for a spin to find out how they play but ultimately not really somewhere you are competing.The open leagues feel like they need something more, like extra play modes, different competitions to enter and goals to strive for. Even something like a cosmetic rewards for winning a given number of games with a team - maybe win a new jersey, or get a trophy in a trophy cabinet. Extra play modes and different competitions is difficult though, because the player base isn't big enough - and without them I am not sure I can recommend the game to someone wanting to play on the open leagues. Something of a catch 22.There are things missing from the game; sponsorship doing something, teams are missing, the marketplace has basically no utility etc.Those aren't big factors to me but it feels like the game is incompete, and the developers are active if somewhat uncommunicative.For me, the game gets a thumbs up on balance, on the basis that you're happy organising games and playing the private leagues, with friends or online communities. It just feels like a bit of a missed opportunity. I like the game, I just can't love it."
76561197974522663,Not Recommended,236690,23112814,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ulong,"It's worse than the previous version of the game (chaos edition) in every meaningful way except graphical quality. The least worthwhile sequel or ""upgrade"" I have ever bought."
76561198056695587,Not Recommended,236690,18871238,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Morghulis,"A long time fan of both the Table top and computer editions. I don't really see the niggly problems of the game, other than it isn't finished....is it? My main gripe comes with Steam putting on a sale barely 1 month after release...come on...this shows no respect for the fans who are gonna buy DLC's etc.....I was gutted to pay the full price, but did it to support the game......it's not got content for the SP to match this price tag, and MP doesn't interest me ... wait til the next markdown to buy...I am now only going to buy steam on sale.."
76561198037318696,Recommended,236690,25508998,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Heartsickruben,New teams/races added to the game. The game is getting really diverse in playstyles.
76561198340551618,Recommended,236690,30292147,Posted: 3 March,all,CannabistGaming,"Crazy harsh RNG, a community that knows the woes of RNG and is more than willing to crack jokes with you about it during a bad game, goblin chucking, permanently killing or getting killed players. the only downside no rotter cheerleaders Nurgle needs some un sexy putrid lovelies in the cheering department or we can just wait until the crack addiction the human gals clearly have runs its course so sad, someone should start a kick starter to get them some help and rehab that♥♥♥♥♥♥isn’t cheap.This game is for a lot of people IMO, but there is also a certain type of gamer that shouldn’t play Blood Bowl and that is those that can't handle luck ruining a good strategy without getting to salty because it will happen you will also see bad starts plus good luck ruin your day."
76561197971425129,Not Recommended,236690,20077375,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheStratovarian,"Right now, blood bowl 2 is in a bad state. Not graphically, or in the sound department, both are pretty well fleshed out for what they are. Gameplay holds very stable, especially if you arriving from the first one. The percentages that it now displayed is unchanged from the old system Blood Bowl chaos edition did with the dice to a much easier to get d6 that was confusing to many players first starting.The issue primarily plaguing this game is its meta. This is a very well rough spot, for its role as fantasy football. You  play based on defined styles from the race you choose. Currently, one aspect of the team in question here has reached a nasty point of contention within the community. The defenders of this are going to tell you ""Play a different team."" when you encounter this team makeup. Normally, this is a fine aspect. The team in question has a means to do this, and its used to deal with certain persisting aspects of your team after the game. And losing half to three quarters of a team you spent time and energy into because of this matchup.Death happens in this game for some teams, death happens alot more for others. But when you get roaming kill teams to face that exist to ruin your game, rather then win, is it a good thing? And that is the big problem right now to why I can't recomend this game. Cyanide is starting to give the tools to make sure you can avoid losing your team to this, but you cant avoid it fully yet. If it goes through, i'd gladly change my review to positive.But anyhow, have a good day.If you are reading this, then you've either crawled to where it was vote bombed down, or looking to reviews. In which case either way, thank you."
,Recommended,236690,26665263,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LakieLegion,"recently got this on sale after a friend told me how good it was, before even buying I made sure to check some videos and quickly grew to like the look and feel of the game, that entire first week I had the game I played it almost every day, and I loved it.I would highly recommend this game for anyone who loves strategy games and honest brutal fun, heck I normally hate sports and sport games, and I still love this brutal little take on rugby."
,Recommended,236690,29627486,Posted: 1 February,all,Bookkee,"This game could use more teams but the game play and graphics, compared to the first game, are superior! This game takes the original and builds upon it to create a fantastically fun beat-em up sport game!"
76561198035391503,Recommended,236690,34859742,Posted: 10 September,all,lagrie,"Blood Bowl 2 : Legendary editionTBS, Sports with warhammer goodness.Worth a buy if you like the tabletop game, or if you like TBS games in general.AI can have its moments, Online plays great.A few bugs, but (in my opinion) nothing that takes away the fun.Graphics are nice, Gameplay is smooth, Humour is great, amount of content (legendary edition) is worth the price.Game runs really well. I'm suprised, i really like the game. Ive played other tabletop games from gamesworkshop.Ranging from Mordheim to Necromunda. Even played Warhammer fantasy for a while. And i do like warhammer quest.But i never really got into blood bowl. This game just made me realise what i missed out on.Bits of lore spread trough the game. Enough for singleplayer and multyplayer. Leveling up characters, stadiums etc.I love the feeling when you get a touch down, a tackle or just are able to do a pretty cool combination of turns.Getting you that win. Its a great game. it has its flaws, but for a tbs or tabletop fan. its a MUST.Enjoy Blood bowl !ALL PRAISE NUFFLE !Sorry for the bad egnlish."
,Recommended,236690,33755939,Posted: 23 July,all,Los Angeles,"Very interesting concept and fun game.The game is basically american football, with the difference that it's set in the Warhammer universe.It'd say about the first 8 hours of this game i was constantly getting mad, because of the rng, because whenever it didn't go the way i would have prefered it to i instantly thought to myself that it was one sided and in favor of the AI.HoweverThe main reason this games appear one sided is because the losing team is often forced into a position where if they want to win, they have to attempt unlikely actions. Which therefore is offten set to fail... Sometimes they it does succeed, and people win games they ""shouldn't"" have.But once you learn to get over that, it's a very fun and time killing game.-From what i've heard the DLC should be pretty poor, and even some of the race dlc's are just reskins of races that are already in the game, which in my opinion is a very money hungry thing to do by Games Workshop. But i have no problem playing without any of the dlc since it's just new races added to the game."
,Recommended,236690,19688252,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DoubleDoo,"So, Bloodbowl 2 is good for a first time player. I came here from crendor and a meaningful sale of 50% off. So I came in here not expecting the best of the best. What I got though was ana aamazing turn based dice throwing stragegy game with an amazing theme. To me, it is one of the best turn based stragegy games I have ever played. From having roll of all skulls on a three dice turn or all defender down on a red roll. It is fun and infuriating at times. It took me a few teams to get a stragy going but after that the game opened it's legs for me. I don't know about the vets coming in but as a new player, I solemly recommend this amazing game."
,Not Recommended,236690,23115162,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Somesz,"I played 70 hours with BBCE and like 100-150 hours with my non-steam BB and BBLE. So let's cut to the chase....It is an absolute rip-off!If you have Blood Bowl LE or CE you shouldn't buy this. They sell the same game basically the fourth time but now we don't get a proper selection for races, but we get clunky controls and playability, irritating menu and worst handling I've ever met in in a ""tabletop"" game.I go back to BBCE and will try a refund on this. I was lucky it was on sale. Shame, this game really shouldn't exist!"
76561198063594521,Not Recommended,236690,31752096,Posted: 14 May,all,Lunar Echo,"If all you care about is visuals the game should be fine. If you actually care about single player gameplay, don't want to spend enough to buy another game on dlc teams, or if you just want to have the different teams have non-human cheerleaders, then you should get the Chaos Edition."
76561198026851383,Not Recommended,236690,22243930,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NRWDMenace,"Could be a great game... at the rate of development, it might be done in 5 years..."
,Not Recommended,236690,23110191,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,lsmll2012,Only visual and multiplayer improvement over the first title.Single player is almost non-existent.
,Not Recommended,236690,25370577,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ryry117,"Everything Blood Bowl 1 did right i.e. Customization, real time leagues, playing with a friend in leagues, ect. they ruined or just took out altogether, and everything Blood Bowl 1 did wrong they made even worse i.e. Broken dice RNG, team pros and cons not mattering at all, play styles that don't focus on the ball just lose, ect.I would stick with the first one, it has about the same amount of players and is simply the better game. Not to mention it's cheaper."
76561198008543212,Not Recommended,236690,18919011,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Devostate,"I gave this game a fair go, really. I understand it's a dice game, I understand its random. However today this happened.My LVL6 Witch Elf, with sure footed, on elf turf to mitigate injury, died while going for it.Yes I had 2 Apothecaries because I was playing against Dwarves, however.Before I had the chance to use the Apoth the game crashed.Because this game is an unfinished pile of trash (and that's being kind).You still can't, in twenty goddamn fifteen, log back into a match after disconnect.So I have uninstalled and will never play a BB game again.Even ignoring this situation, the game has a plethora of other problems, bugs, compatibility issues, connection stability etc.Currently as of the time of this review only 1200 (as if that isnt already an indication not to buy) people are playing BB2 at peak time. I dont play at peak time, neither does the majority of the planet. I'm forced to play EURO and US players from SEA and wait 20-30 per movement while the server catches up. Also if this causes a DC, you cant get back into your match. That is unacceptable.I'm not even going to get into gameplay and balance. Suffice to say all you need to do is check every single league leader board and see undefeated Chaos and Lizardmen on every one. Most of their victory's come from concedes by the way (you can check). Since nobody wants to struggle keeping players alive rather than playing the damn game. The perma death and injury system has driven away the entire player base.I enjoy an amount of randomness in my gaming, it is exciting. However this game is over the top. The amount of chance involved takes away all notion of a skilled player having an effect on the outcome of a game. You always do the most sensible stuff possible to succeed and still get ♥♥♥♥ed over by rolls.IF this game were more along the lines of X-Com, where a skilled player can have an actual impact on keeping important pieces alive, then I would continue playing. This game does not give you that chance. Your best players can die from the most simple and likely to succeed action. That is ridiculous and makes this game feel more like a chore than anything else.All that is left here are the bash team trolls. ""Can't think so we just hurt stuff.""See ya never."
76561198031358843,Recommended,236690,24050063,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,High Skilled Neckbeard,"Ah yes, Blood Bowl. A neckbeard's wet dream that features a fantasy universe coupled with a sport I pretend to like so my dad doesn't make fun of me. The moment I stepped in I was greeted with a much sleeker, easier to navigate menu and ui (compared to the first game). I went to create my team (Clan Neckbeard) and found a decent level of customization. If you compare the customization to something like an rpg, an mmo, or really a ""normal"" sports game, then you come up disappointed. However, compared to the original Blood Bowl, I would have needed a mod or two to end up with the same level of character customization. Upon creating my dwarf team I looked at the other 7 races. When reading reviews here, people seemed to complain about how Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition had 23 playable races so why are we down to 8. Well Blood Bowl originally launched with 8 races as well with Chaos Edition coming out roughly 3 years after vanilla launch. So yes, those extra 15 races were DLC; in essence the dlc is no worse than the original Blood Bowl except that all the dlc was bundled together a few years after launch for the first one.Hopping into the game is where you run into the bulk of the problems (which isn't saying much). Graphically speaking, the game is a huge improvement from BB1, however there are a few things I'd like to see changed. I would like to see more diverse animations (play a game with any race and you'll see all their animations very quickly) when blocking. Also, race-specific cheer-leaders and fans. The cheerleaders are all humans for every race which makes little sense. Also when a player gets knocked off the pitch he's beat up by the fans which, again, are the same 3 generic humans. If I'm playing in a dwarf arena, I want to see dwarves beat the crap outta some guy! After my game I found that there were basic endgame stats (# of armor breaks, injuries, MVP) but I didn't find the same in depth stat tracking I loved from BB1. From what people have said, there also seems to be little league customization, but I haven't tested that.I seem to notice a lot of people giving the game negative reviews for two reasons. 1)The reviews are old and they address problems that are no longer present in the game (such as no grid mode, no dice logs, and no singleplayer) or 2)people complaining about RNG. Yes this is a dice game and no matter how hard you try, no matter how amazing your players are, you can still get knocked down and die. That's the nature of the game.The problems I've found are minor there were no major bugs. There are some people that are salty their favorite race isn't in yet but just as with BB1 I'm sure they'll get released in decent sized DLC. At the end of the day, it's the same Blood Bowl I know and love and it's expanded its horizons to attract newer players to the series while still offering veterans their Blood Bowl fix. 8/10 would dwarf again."
,Recommended,236690,25793511,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Spear Deer,"Oh how I wish there was a ""kind of"" option for reviews.I have nothing to say that hasn't been said before. The concept behind both computer adapatations of bloodbowl is brilliant, however both of these adaptations have problems that are large enough to be deal breakers for many people.Bloodbowl 1 has the worlds worst goddamn interface. Its so bad it borders on unplayable if the player isn't familiar or willing to spend the first 5-10 hours trying to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ they're doing. It's graphics are pretty crap, and it's a game that hasn't really aged with grace.Bloodbowl 2, for some reason, decided to only include like 5 races on launch, and then charge $6 for each additional race. Just for some perspective Bloodbowl Chaos Edition gives you 22 races from the get go. Coding AI for strategy games is pretty goddamn tough, because you need to be able to make the computer out-wit a player who is engaging in an inately cerebral activity. So instead of making good AI, the folks at Cyanide just made mediocre AI that gets ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG and numerical advantages.All of that being said the games are still played by a bajillion people, and will be played by a bajillion people forever. Thats because if you can climb over the UI, shimmy past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, and buy the DLC on sale or something, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. Its an incredibly rewarding tactics game with all of the punch of a sports game, the story telling ability of Dwarfort, and a depth rivalling chess.So yes I recommend this game. I do it with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of caveats, because the game is not for everyone. However there are some of you that will fall in love with this game, and you'll join the ranks of steam users who have clocked 500+ hours."
76561198051818674,Recommended,236690,19770138,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Done25,"It's...getting better. Only time will tell, but the devs seem to at least be trying to fix the game's issues."
,Recommended,236690,21997227,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Zombie,"Very nice game. I mean when you see an Orc tackling an men you understand what strengh is.Very nice concept of turn based game. Never had the chance to play the first one.But this game is great from my perspective.Pros:Nice graphicsGood balanceNice turn basedCustomizable TeamsSweet online modeAble to play localy with a friendCons:Too much luck (when you have 83% to succed and it fails twice I mean that gets on my nerves xD)Honestly A lot of fun saw a lot of people saying that, it's not worth its original price I agree on that wait for a discount."
,Recommended,236690,30707905,Posted: 24 March,all,tmwarwolf,"Ah, Blood Bowl.A game in which bribery is rife and fouling is fine. A game in which a player must be carefully nurtured, thoughtfully assigned skills and then ruthlessly fired after a few seasons because he's inflating the team value. This is all assuming said player doesn't break his neck after being tripped by a particularly malevolent blade of grass. It's a game in which a medical professional's treatment options might either be accepting death or simply accepting death. It's a game in which you swap players through Nurgle's Rot and the Necromancer instead of swapping jerseys.It's the world's greatest game when your Orc Blitzer gets up off the ground, runs over to grab the ball at an opponent's feet, evades a tackle and then throws a pass for a touchdown. It's the world's worst when half your team suffers from heat stroke in a must-win match. (How does a zombie suffer from heat exhaustion anyway?)It's certainly a game for a niche audience. The game's complexity makes it a frustrating experience for new coaches. Expect a lot of ""why can't I ...?"" and ""how do I …?"" moments in the first dozen or so hours of play as the ruleset is filled with gotchas and exceptions. Since the game adheres closely to tabletop rules, The Living Rule Book is an essential read and new coaches would also do well to consult guides onbbtactics.com(one of gaming's great strategy sites) while leveling up players.There are laughable suggestions Blood Bowl is completely random and devoid of strategy. It's not. The game's strategy involves risk-management, canny positioning and deep understanding of the complex skill system to tilt the odds in your favour.Just as in any dice- or random number generator-heavy game, risk-management is essential. Make low-risk moves before attempting risky blocks or dodges. Gang up on opponents to improve the odds of success. Mark or foul dangerous opponents. Self-restraint will often be just as valuable as tactical acumen because sometimes the best move is not moving at all. And finally, plan for failure because Nuffle, god of dice and unintentional comedy, delights in tearing up your carefully laid plans.Victory will be all the more satisfying considering the forces arrayed against coaches:  the opposing coach (AI or human), fate and time. The game's AI is mediocre but it offers enough of a test for new coaches. New or experienced, coaches must contend with fate as represented by the RNG. While the odds can be improved with tactics and carefully crafted player and team builds, time is an implacable foe. If the referee blows for time, it doesn't matter how close you are to the end zone.Some would-be coaches will find it difficult to get past the fickleness of the RNG and the twiddling of thumbs while the opponent stalls and drags out matches that can't be won. Those who persevere will be rewarded with one of strategy gaming's great campaigns. There are few gaming experiences as enjoyable as taking a team of hapless butterfingered greenhorns and turning them into a battle-scarred team of champions over the course of several seasons.Still, the initial reviews for this latest adaptation of Blood Bowl were mixed and understandably so. The playerbase was irritated at having to pay extra for teams which were bundled together in previous editions, annoyed at being nickled and dimed for customisation skins and just as annoyed over missing customisation options. The publisher responded by giving away most of the DLC teams to early customers and this placated some but not all.It bears minding Blood Bowl 2 was developed by a small developer backed by a small publisher for a relatively small market. Of course, there's room for improvement and of course, the playerbase should push both developer and publisher to make those improvements but the question is, and has always been, whether the playerbase would be willing to fund ongoing development for a game that would benefit from continued attention.There's no getting around the fact a game like this will never be made by the likes of EA, Ubisoft and Activision. In the unlikely event a major publisher did pick up the Blood Bowl license, it would be so altered to appeal to a larger audience that it would scarcely be recognisable.(It would probably be a third-person shooter with unnecessary overlong cutscenes featuring Griff Oberwald attempting to avenge the death of his family at the hands of Varag Ghoul-Chewer.)The game as it stands is really good for what it is -- a relatively faithful adaptation of a cult favourite tabletop game -- and with the recent announcement of the Legendary Edition, with its laundry list of fan-requested features, the future looks bright indeed for Blood Bowl fans.Recommended for: anyone looking for a great turn-based strategy gaming campaign.Not recommended for: the ""RNG is broken"" school of strategic analysts."
76561197971391490,Not Recommended,236690,18934871,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MrNotSoSinister,"[Updated oct. 2016]UPDATE: I find myself going back to the game once in a while, when I'm not in the mood for anything too demanding, and I found it was time to update this... Because... I've given up now. Can't deal with my issue 4 (below) not being dealt with. Just totally inexcusable in my book.Still disappointed. Love Games Workshop worlds and games. Really liked the updated graphics, but the interface is the first disappointment... It's NOT intutive. I think it's fine with some experimenting or letting people choose other setups, but you shouldn't be forced to ""learn"" their new setup.UPDATE: I've gotten used to the interface, still not sold on it.Single player campaign is... very stretched out... and too short... How is that possible? Well it introduces one rule per game pretty much, which means that to players who know Blood Bowl you're basically playing one extremely long tutorial. And then short; because after the campaign itself you can only make single player leagues. No progression or different tournaments as in the first Blood Bowl.Then the REALLY big letdowns:1. 6 or so races? WHAT? And extra races at around 1/6 of the full price game per race is just outrageous?! When I found this out, I tried to get my money back, but you can only do that after playing a max of 2 hrs... So having played a bit more, well...UPDATE: More races are comming and free for all now... Ok... Should have been this way all along...2. Extremely counterintuitive setup of leagues. Why is there only one way to do everything. I mean... It's horribly set up. Really. Never seen a setup I had such a hard time figuring out how to get through.UPDATE: You'll get used to it, but still... really annoying interface :-)3. WHY can't you set up more than one player managed team in an offline league with computer teams. A lot of players asked for this as an update to the first game and they didn't introduce it in this sequel.UPDATE: STILL missing. Biggest letdown along with the next one!UPDATE: 4. No saves in single player during a match... You HAVE to finish an entire game in one session. No save at half time. I honestly didn't write about this in my first review, because I was sure it would be implemented in one of the first updates. So if you're not single... forget it. This game is not for you... Kids. You need to get rid of them if you want to play...The choice must be because ""they"" don't want people to hack save files, but... jeeeez. This only affects those that do not cheat. Cheaters will cheat. Those who have a life, can't play... Thanks a lot...In summary: Don't buy unless you are single, have no job, and don't mind starting the same match several times...So disappointed..."
,Recommended,236690,30016326,Posted: 18 February,all,Josh,"Although when the game orginally came out, I felt cheated by Cyanide Studios. Having played 300 hours of Chaos Edition, the lack of teams was disappointing. I honestly felt the game had little to no hope. However, almost a year later, coming back to the game to find out teams have been added, and Legendary Edition is being released later this year, I felt compelled to try the game again. And you know what? It was better than I remembered. The new cut scenes and greater detail in the game allow you to get increasingly more emerged in the game. It was everything (well almost everything, lacking the Team Editor and the other teams) I loved about Chaos Edition, and added extras. However you can tell the game was orginally rushed to be released. Little details, such as a lack of stadiums (something which Blood Bowl has always backed imo!) and the only cheerleaders being zombie-esk humans in Reikland uniforms was disappointing, especially considering you can see updated skins of the cheerleaders from Chaos Edition, and previous editions, in the crowd  at times(the one that stands out the most is the Orc cheerleader). The little details they skimped out on annoyed me, but that may be because I enjoyed the previous games so much.So to conclude, if you have played the previous editions of Blood Bowl - hold out on buying Blood Bowl 2 until they release Legendary Edition. If you are new to Blood Bowl I would recommend getting Blood Bowl 2 before they add the rest of the teams to the game with Legendary Edition."
76561198034739434,Recommended,236690,20453213,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mr.Pimps,The negative reviews of this game consist almost entirely of absurd hand-wringing over minor grievances. I can't name a better competitive turn-based video game. And neither can you.
76561197998895435,Not Recommended,236690,21638130,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,exveer,"The game, while tactically very fun, is slow; opponent AI turns take between 1 and 2.5 minutes; end result is that I find something else to do while my (AI) opponent takes its turn.But that doesn't make it a bad game, it just makes it a slow game. The negative recommendation is related to saving.1. You cannot save in the middle of a match. Period. Combine that with the aforementioned slowness of the game (call it 4 minute rounds, and 16 rounds in a match), and you're looking at losing up to an hour of gameplay if you have to leave before the end.2. Having just played an aforementioned hour-long match (which I enjoyed very much!), the game simply did not record the progress. I was taken back to the Solo League screen, with the same opponent I had just played, and none of the gained stats.Such a simple concept should not be simply not allowed (saving a game), nor should it straight up fail to save progress in the rare instance that your progress is recorded. That's pretty silly."
76561197995743996,Recommended,236690,19848475,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CloakingDonkey,"If you play Blood Bowl for the Multiplayer then you can ignore most of the negative reviews on steam as they all seem to be written by people who just wanted Singleplayer.For those who are focused on the multiplayer side of Blood Bowl, Blood Bowl 2 is a MASSIVE improvement over the first.  Everything from league management over team management to actual playing in leagues and competitions comes with better and clearer UI and is much more user friendly than Blood Bowl 1 with its horribly dated and janky interface.It comes with 8 races and comparing that to Chaos Edition is a little ridiculous as Chaos Edition was the 4th RERELEASE of the original Blood Bowl, the basic version of which also came with 8 races.If you are in it for the singleplayer you can still get basic randomized competitions and a story campaign featuring the Reikland Reavers. This campaign also includes a tutorial which means the first couple of matches aren't ""real"" Blood Bowl matches but ones with simplified rules. Toward the end the difficulty really rises up though and it's a neat story with a lot of memorable characters from the Blood Bowl lore.  All in all the Singleplayer is perhaps not as fulfilling as the offering in Blood Bowl 1, I can't really comment on that much because I don't play this game for its Singleplayer or GW's ridiculous ""lore"".One thing that Blood Bowl 2 is not however is a buggy mess like Blood Bowl 1 was for years. A fact that all the Chaos Edition fanboys seem to conviniently forget."
,Recommended,236690,34696871,Posted: 2 September,all,Itz_yA_bOi_EceeR,this game is a HUGE time kill.fantastic game but a game that you'll play for the graphics as much as the gameplay.solid gameplay and a somewhat jagged learning curve... safe to say this game is gonna be the cause of many sleepless nights8/10
,Not Recommended,236690,18204769,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ClickBouyow,"This game needs serious work.  The whole system is flawed.  There is nothing intuitive about it.  Playing the game is cumbersome and, for the most part, boring.  The selection of teams is confusing.  The inablility to see what your players do makes them useless.  This is not worth spending your money on for at least two patches.  A bit it sucks is not sufficient enough to describe it."
,Recommended,236690,18178829,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Speciation,"Very fun game. Most of the negative reviews I have seen are over simple stuff like DLC, and little things that are not added yet like a grid or player names above their head. If you like turn based games, violence, sports, or having 11-16 ""rogue like"" RPG players where your favorite player can die and never come back then you will like Blood Bowl 2. Easily can get 200 hours out of this game.EDIT: Almost 2 years later, I got burned out from playing too much (125 hours in the first few months) when there were only the base teams and the two DLC ones at launch. A lot of the issues people complained about were addressed. There are options where you can see player names and skills over their head, and a grid over the field. With all the new teams and in the future mixed teams the game should feel less grindy and samey.My opinion is that it's a great game but with lots of playing it can feel repetitive, like cut scenes are boring after the 100th time, a super unlucky roll can ruin your game (Highly unlikely if you made smart choices but still possible), and when you face a team you pretty much know what they are going to do and vice versa. Skaven with a thrower and gutter runners? Cover and bash the runners as much a possible. Kinda like a game of chess but you tell your opponent what you're going to do before the game starts so it turns into who can stop the other person the most until one person messes up. More teams and mixed teams will make it much harder and more fun.A thing that is really annoying is that you have you wait a while to get an opponent since people were cheating with a friend by queueing up at the same time and getting matched with each other and they would give each other free SPP and make a super god-like character on a team with low rating and just crush other teams.TLDR: Good game, gets updates, can feel repetitive after lots of play, wait times can be annoying, games take a long time."
76561197973652033,Not Recommended,236690,18872934,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,booga10,"I, like many, was looking forward to the release of BB 2 for a long time. I didn't care about the marketing strategies being used with DLC/teams etc, thats just how games are sold these days, it sucks but uunless we all stop buying nothing will change. Anyway the game came out and i started playing and just felt deflated.....don't get me wrong, it looks great, the animations are fun (you'll turn them off after a few games!), the AI seems improved, the campaign is awful, so everything i expected from BB2. Thats the problem though, its exactly how i thought it would be, its just BB in video game form, nothing new or exciting, the continuing lack of 'random events' and 'dirty tricks' continues to frustrate! Within a few hours i just got bored......would i recommend the game, yes if you like BB you'll like this, but otherwise....."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,236690,25460619,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,fabio,"The following are the ONLY two features that aren't a step back from Chaos or Legendary edition:- Direct steam invites for multiplayer- Better graphicsThat's it. EVERYTHING else is a big step back from Chaos & Legendary. Tons of little things from the interface to the feedback to the camera that really start adding up (especially the announcers, holy crap did they become unfunny in this version).But most of all, the roster is a joke. A grand total of 8 races compared to the 20+ you get out of the box with the cheaper previousi games. New races are slowly being added...as DLC for $6 a pop. Maybe after 2 more years and $150 this game will be as good as Blood Bowl 1 is right now for $10?"
76561198009354918,Recommended,236690,18149315,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,woodechoon,"So far Blood Bowl 2 is living up to all of my expectations and surpassing more then a few. First a word of warning to those reading reviews there are two bits of misinformation i have seen on this steam page and i want to point that out real quick.1. Blood bowl 2 does not have fewer races it has the exact same amount has blood bowl 1 so watch out for dishonesty there as they both started with 8.2. Blood bowl 2 does not have day one dlc the lizardmen and wood elf teams were not finished when the game was (also they are not part of the originial BB2 8 bringing the total to 10 whenever they are added)Anyways now that thats out of the way here is my take and first the good.•Graphically this game is a massive improvement it is absolutely gorgeous in comparison to the graphics of the rather aging blood bowl 1.•The UI though is bar far the biggest improvement and in ever way both the games menu system and the in match ui are simply astounding i think it would not be unfair to call it a 100% improvement over the originial where the UI was the most dodgey aspect of the game.•The information, this may sound odd but blood bowl one wasn't always that good at telling you what was going on. Blood bowl 2 gives you easy to find data and critical info like the chance to dodge or pass or catch.•The next big mention is the multiplayer in blood bowl 1 getting into and setting up leagues was a hassle and now it is rather seamless.•It is also worth mentioning this game performs exceptionally well in fact it strangely enough peforms better then blood bowl 1, i get a more steady framerate from it then i did from its originial at the time. (not to mention you can actually alt tab thank god...)•Lastly the attention to detail is really good, everything feels visceral from the animations to the quality work of the models and the envrioment.Now for the Bad.•There is some missing fluff, the biggest place i have seen this is in the lack of race specific cheerleaders. I would consider this a minor con as to be honest in all my years of playing blood bowl i rarely ever cared about cheerleaders they often aren't worth the investment. So i can understand why the dev team put less of a focus on them given that the playerbase largely ignores them. Its also worth noting you get to have your own stadium which helps to replace that home team feel that the cheerleaders sometimes provided.•I have also heard there is no visual progression outside mutations for leveling up players though i cannot confirm that yet  and that is about all the bad i have found.Now the iffy.•Bretonians instead of Goblins. It's hard to say if this is a good thing or a bad thing. On one hand goblins offered a unique style of play centered around cheating. Currently no team really offers that in the same way (except for the dwarfs but that is a stretch). The other side of the coin is the fact that goblins are not a competitive team but a ""fun"" team where as Bretonians are clearly a competitive team.•So im tossing this one up to opinion, if you wanted more competitive teams in the initial roster then goods news for you! If you were hoping for more ""slapstick"" teams in the roster then i am sad to say you will have to wait for anything beyond dwarves."
76561198007491919,Not Recommended,236690,18946032,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Wedge303,Step 1. Make Chaos Team.Step 2. Take Claws and MB on ever playerStep 3. Take Pilling on on a few playersStep 4. WINNER3 out of 4 team you will play against are the above. All they are after is to kill your team and they only win when you Concede to them because you dont want your team destoryed.Dont waste your Money and Time with this game. Unless you are following the above.
76561198055771005,Not Recommended,236690,18239241,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,NES London,"Well as a huge fan of of the original game it saddens me to not be able to reccomend BB2.Pros:Graphically much improved from the first game.Entertaining dialogues in the career mode even if it is over in a blink.Cons:Game is hard for the wrong reasons. The first one was hard because you were taking a bloody 900 rated team and bashing it into a 1200 rated team. This game is hard because you take your 1400 rated team and play a 1000 rated team and you watch as every.single. roll. goes thier way. I'm all for RNG and it adds a lot of complexity to the gameplay but whatever bonus there is to the ai rolls is absolutely infuriating at times.Its annoying to watch as your player gets tripped twice and you waste a re-roll, and then have the ai Magically move 6 players with no problem with a 33% chance or lower each move. To me this kills the original base for playing the game. Whats the point of spending time strategizing how to protect the carrier when the 1 opponant who magically gets by the 4 defenders ko's him and when i have the ai carrier completely surrounded, lone behold its like 50/50 if he actually goes down.There is an astounding lack of content for the price.Customization is at an all time low. Individual player customizations are only a handful and team customization is almost non existent. What could be considered ""customization"" is procedural stadium upgrades and additional dlc.If this title was 15$ I would say yeah give it a go, but as it's currently priced its a massive dissapointment.Some Ideas that would make me feel like I actually spent my money well.1. This game has a huge cult following.Open up the game to the steam workshop and let the players help you create the customizable content for the teams,players, and stadiums. Heck even have them be able to create entire teams and leagues as playing versus generated bot teams without a real world impact feel is something thats seriously missing from the first.2. If you do the above, run daily leagues that provide a chest or package depending on your final position that gives you epic loots to customize your teams/players"
76561198001753045,Recommended,236690,32720627,Posted: 24 June,all,mikrokouneli,Awesome game! Really fun to play solo or multiplayer.
76561198038785130,Recommended,236690,24543358,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Noytron,"I came from blood bowl 1 so to me this is an amazing 2nd game considering how much they improved on the first game.I'll say right away i probably wouldn't have played it as much as i did if i didn't stream it for 2 weeks straight with some eager viewers that wanted to get into blood bowl or wanted to watch some of the random aspects that sometimes can make the difference between winning and losing.This game is hard, unforgiving and can be frustrating at times due to the dice rolling aspect and there is a decent amount to learn if you have never played a blood bowl game before but if you can learn the basics and enjoy the idea of lvling up a team, upgrading your stadium and managing what you think is most important to add to your team.That is a big part of why i like it, but the meat of the game is the matches where you setup your players to create tackle zones, protect ball carriers, make perfect throws that go past half the field or simply punch opponents into the crowd and watch the spectators kill the opponents players or who knows? Maybe they will get greedy and try to run a little further than they can so they slip and die from the fall.I recommend it because i think if you are into this kind of game and can get past the learning curve which is relatively simple if someone breaks it down for you then this is a really satisfying game to play both against ai and other people even if you are on the unlucky side of things sometimes."
,Recommended,236690,20815107,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,cloudsora,"Blood Bowl 2 despite the ""controversy"" and set backs it originally had is quite fun.Although it is a little annoying that there are still bugs like the inability to record it without potential crashes and the inability to rejoin a game makes that difficult.Fun game, maybe not as fleshed out as Blood Bowl 1 right now but I mean that took Blood Bowl 1 a long time."
,Recommended,236690,20694910,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DJ루발을,"Blood Bowl 2 is a better version of the previous PC release in every way except number of teams.  The new UI conveys information much more clearly. An added campaign mode holds the new coach's hand with a series of games that gradually introduce the more advanced concepts of Blood Bowl.The negatives I can see have nothing to do with the game itself.  Blood Bowl 2 is not an action game. It is a recreation of the tabletop down to the dice rolls.   Do not purchase the game thinking it plays something like mutant league football.  Also understand that while there are open leagues for matchmaking, Blood Bowl is not balanced for perpetual leagues with many players.  The structure of open online makes it very easy to make ""overpowered"" teams.  If you do play, your time will be better spent in player-organized leagues where you can learn the game and build up rivalries."
76561198037208459,Recommended,236690,25502822,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,☩ GRIMBEARD ☩,"After teething problems and balancing issues with matchmaking at release now resolved I can happily say Bloodbowl 2 is a SUPERB game.With the variety of teams now available you are sure to find something to fit your style of play.Ignore the campaign, it's just a tutorial.Find yourself a good league and get a win or two under your belt and you will have a fantastic time."
,Recommended,236690,30142824,Posted: 24 February,all,thecoyotejester,"An excellent, fun, and excrutiatingly frustrating game. :)"
,Recommended,236690,25766775,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Real Qwade,"This game should be a great time for both American Football fans and board game fans alike. It's a game that basically marries the two aspects together and cranks up the violence knob to 11.If you do decide to play online with strangers (and you're new to Blood Bowl), be prepared to lose. The game is rather unforgiving and it takes a certain mindset to really understand all the rules that are going on behind the scenes. Once you start to pick it up, though, it's loads of fun."
76561198002756962,Recommended,236690,20856720,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Moomin,"A really really frustrating game, that has to be understood before you play! but play it you must as in its best moments it is one of the finest games around.  Plenty of decent run leagues to join in and with a future of added races this version has the potential of being the best incarnation of the game."
,Recommended,236690,21092612,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sammylawnchair,I am absoutely addicted to this game. It's great to just start up a league against the AI and play a game at night after work.
,Recommended,236690,25634600,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ATotalParadox,"A Graphically suped up version of Blood Bowl. With more intuitive controls and fancier UI that its predecessor BloodBowl 2 is a great upgrade for the series.Also Initial Owners of the game received a bunch of ""DLC"" for free!"
,Recommended,236690,19758025,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cerlin,"They just had a great patch and fuctionality is back to Blood Bowl Chaos Edition Stanards.This game is beautiful. IT runs well.If you think fantasy football with fantasy races sound good, buy this game.For the vets, adding expanded dice log, grid, and announcing the undead races and norse being added makes me happy."
76561198053877292,Recommended,236690,20504367,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,BanditCorp,Getting Better.
76561198119005719,Recommended,236690,19796374,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ser Smiles,"Great game highly recomend-Good gameplay, easy to begin playing with. Very fun to master and battle against your peers.Remember that this game though complete it still is updating to suit its players. New races and other beneficial updates wil be coming in the next months.Great game 8.5/10 will eventually be 10/10"
76561198067206940,Recommended,236690,19759160,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ripgiblet,"FOR THOSE THAT KNOW BLOODBOWL:Better graphics than the previous version, much better interface.The tension when it slows down adn plays an animation when your armour gets broken is a really nice touch, since really gets you going ""Dont die, dont die, dont die etc...""Can normally get a game fairly quickly (less than 20 seconds) on the largest multiplayer) but the longer it takes the more chance the tema you face is either way stronger or weaker...I like the couple of rule changes for humans, was definitly needed.AI is much better, but still does not do 1 free move event, or act differently when its the 7-8th or 15-16th turn.FOR THOSE THAT DONT KNOW BLOODBOWL:Chess with randomness... Fun but very brutal. On a bad day even the best player can still lose...So dont take it too serious, and it is a very fun game.And now getting the 4 additional races free, shows that the devs are really doing the right thing.I hope they release items in the store that can make you characters look more unique. (2 types one that only you can see and ones that both you and your opponent can see;])"
76561197980745827,Recommended,236690,19800451,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[HOM] KillD3stroy,"Faithful, easier to learn and more visually pleasing version of Blood Bowl.Cyanide's post launch support has also been excellent."
76561198119318117,Recommended,236690,20815651,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,BeefSupreme,"Bloodbowl's gameplay could be described as a Turnbased, RPG lite with elements from both American Football and Chess. Or as one of the most FRUSTRATING game ever... Until you actually figure out how to play. And this is where I think most people are at when it comes to Bloodbowl. They get a couple of Double skulls, and from there decide that the game is bull****.And than there are those who would argue that Bloodbowl 2 is not as good as previous Video Game versions. Which in all honesty is accurate. This game is indeed lacking in MANY options that previous games had including extra Online League Options, Singleplayer Campaigns, Races and various Thematic elements such as Racial specific Cheerleaders, differences in armor for higher level players, etc.However, the reason I am recommending this game is because dispite all of the downsides, it has one very big upside. Graphics.Now I know many are already thinking ""Graphics don't make games good! Gameplay does!"" And while that is most certainly true in many cases, it's a bit like saying that you shouldn't buy a new better looking version of Chess because it's no different.  The Gameplay of Chess is NEVER going to change, so in essence if you have the choice between a videogame adaptation that looks like crap vs one that doesn't, which are you going to get?Now I am in NO way disregarding the fact that the content of this game is not all that great in comparison to older Bloodbowl games, Especially in the Singleplayer experience. What I am saying is that the better graphics do make it a more enjoyable game overall.Now if you are someone who is interested in getting into Bloodbowl in general this is a very good jumping off point. The UI is clean, very few bugs, and the Graphics are pleasing to the eyes.Bloodbowl is an amazingly fun Risk Management game and Bloodbowl 2 is a great adaption of it. But keep in mind that buying this game for it's Singleplayer experience is a bad idea. But if you're like me who got it to play with/against friends and Random internet people it is most certainly worth it."
76561198007097646,Recommended,236690,19810391,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rottencore,"I understand why so many people are upset due to the content/price ratio however cyanide is in the process of reconciling this, they have just announcied 4 additional free races to those who have already purchased the game. That is now 6 races added to the game with no additional cost to those who currently own the game. I believe that is a step in the right direction, they have shown they are not going to milk those who have bought the game with DLCs and it makes business sense as im sure they'd rather sell more copies than dish out 10$ DLCs to a small/medium size player base.With that said I have sunk a lot of time into this game so far and ive loved every second of it (well when the dice are in my favor). Blood bowl is a game of strategy, luck, character devlopment, and tears as you fall out of nuffle's favor. Some new players, inclusing myself when first picking up the game, may feel there is to much luck involved, but I promise you if you take the time to really delve into this game, read the strategies that vary for each race, learn how to devlop your team to play the game you want them to, you will find that the RNG adds to the exciment and fun of the game rather than limits it. If the prospect of a well thought out fantasy sports game interests you and you are the type of person that loves games with depth that require some work on your end to learn, you will get as many hours and more out of this game as I did.Now, in terms as to wether or not it is worth purchasing over BB1 is a personal choice. With a time tested game such as blood bowl that has been around since before I was born, I feel the only room for improvment is in polish. That is why I bought this game, that is why I play it over BB1. There is more content in BB1 at the moment in terms of races however that will not always be the case and the way things are trending you may be missing out on free content if you decide to purchase later.If you are conservative with your money and already own blood bowl 1, you might want to pass on this game for the time being untill more races are released. If you are a blood bowl 1 owner on the fence, now may be the time to purchase in order to gain access to the new races for free as well as enjoy a fresh take on the game you already love. If you are looking to buy a new game to sink a lot of time into and get lots of enjoyment out of, I cant reccomend this game enough."
76561198039467406,Recommended,236690,34847718,Posted: 9 September,all,NineCities,"Pros: I'm liking this game. Runs great. Finally different games modes, etc!Its BloodBowl! Finally a ""complete"" version for $40 with most bugs worked out.Cons: Sometimes the animation is a bit tedious; (helmets on humans always being knocked off etc).The announcers dont feel as enthusiastic or as funny as the seemed in the previous version.A bit less ""soul"" but heading in the right direction. I admit i just started playing this version so havent seen much of it yet.Orc cheerleaders OMG NO!!! (why cant the human cheerleaders have similar outfits???}Conclusion: Its Blood Bowl, you NEED it in your collection. If not now, later if the price scares ya. But"
,Recommended,236690,18988240,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Lewpac22,"Great but still incomplete.bloodbowl two is a brutal, challenging american football strategy game set in the warhammer universe.Expect Orcs, Humans, Elfs and more to battle it out scoring touchdowns, punching each other and occasionally sticking the boot in when the ref isn't looking.Like the first version this has a steep learning curve and the death of players means it is not a game for everyone!However Cyanide need to step up thier game and desperatly add -* A non ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port UI with chat* Better stats and dice log* Optional Skill use for all important skills* Better league system and league management* More teams (Bloodbowl 1 has 22)* Evolving players as they level up!Even with all this I still love the game though and am rank 12 in NAF right now!Catch me playing live atTwitch.tv/lewpac22"
76561198007934206,Recommended,236690,19893216,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Roberto,"A game that is based around dice rolls, you may end up playing out a plan perfectly or the dice could say no and kill your favorite player. It's great fun when it goes your way but it punishes you so badly when it doesn't. Though the bad makes you value the good more. If you don't mind games based on dice rolls give it a try. I'm not a sports fan in the slightest, I don't keep up with any or even watch any but this game managed to keep my attention and I've enjoyed so much of it."
76561198091827031,Recommended,236690,19689679,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Airrum,"The highest highs and the lowest lows. If you can appreciate luck, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and take a hit in the soul this game is just wonderful. Easy enough to pick up and there is a lot of depth to learn and master. There's nothing better than a solid game of blood bowl 2. Epic wins are fun and tragic losses suck but all in all it is a part of the game. There is just a degree of long term strategy that comes with the luck. I feel like I am coaching my team and i love leveling players up in different ways. Building them up for the long term and prepping for the future plays. Leagues where you know who you're playing seem super fun. 8/10 can't wait for new races!"
76561198258440907,Recommended,236690,19904509,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MapleBark,"I've never played any previous Blood Bowl game, which means i might not be the guy you should listen to. But this game is really nice. The graphics look good, the UI is nice, animations beautiful and gameplay really addictive ( Unless you have constantly bad dicerolls ).Overall a great experience. My only significant complaints are that the race dlc are slightly overpriced, but since the developers are planning to release 4 other races for free ( if you own the game prior to their release ) it's not that much of a big deal.Another problem would be that if you buy this game, you're probably gonna buy it for the multiplayer, since the singleplayer isn't really fleshed out and the AI is not even competent most of the times."
76561197971399442,Not Recommended,236690,18623768,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tactical Bacon,"This is my first time ever reviewing a game. Like previous posters have stated the dice rolls are completly in favor to the AI in the game.  So bad to a point I could almost tell what my dice rolls were going to be.  I understand the dev control difficulty level in this game by controlling the dice rolls, but my gosh this is bad.  Be prepared to rage quit many many times while playing this game."
,Recommended,236690,19776323,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Puddy,"There has been a ton of discussion over whether this game is a step forward or a step back for the series, and I have come to the conclusion that it is actually a step forward. The graphical updates are much appreciated and after some support post-launch I think the game in general is the best way to play Blood Bowl in video game form. It's super fun and value for moeny for sure given how long each game is. The races included are pretty core, and generally, I don't find myself MASSIVELY missing any races from Chaos Edition for the most part. Furthermore, with the announcement of 4 new races, most of which are pretty interesting, and all of which are going to be free on PC, and the current DLC, both of which are good value on sale, the race pool is going to be pretty decent by the end of next year, with my only big miss being Amazon. Overall, if you want to play Bloodbowl, I think this is the new standard edition for PC. Chaos Edition still has it's advantages, but I personally would play this version for sure."
76561198118456139,Recommended,236690,24663009,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jthecamel,"My bad, the game is not total $#%^. I was ignorant of the system and rendered an uninformed review. My apoligies to the players that enjoy the game. The truth is I am still learning so i will differ my review for now."
76561198005417701,Recommended,236690,19814763,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,srchambers,"If you've got a few mates and think you’d enjoy some friendly banter over a fun, sports-strategy game then Blood Bowl 2 is fantastic. It’s a pretty accurate digital version of the great board game launch way back when and if you learn to laugh at your misfortune and you’ll enjoy it even more (the game has a habit of seeming to deliberately undo your best laid plans with unlucky dice rolls, lol).The campaign is simple, but a good intro to the mechanics of the game. Treat it as an extended tutorial rather than the main feature of the game. The AI customisable single-player leagues are decent, but the AI isn’t sophisticated enough to try those desperate plays in the late stages of the game, and thus becomes a bit predictable.The multiplayer is where the real fun is to be had. There are a bunch of leagues you can enter and the community is normally made up of decent people (as with any game you’ll find the sore losers and those that just constantly complain about their “bad” luck… but for the most part people are friendly). If you can get enough mates together then private leagues offer endless enjoyment (and bragging rights)"
76561198252659702,Recommended,236690,19918444,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Phil de Bucket,"Great game, easy to learn but diffcult to master! Play lots and you will get there in the end."
,Recommended,236690,28879589,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Jack Harkness,"I'm a newcomer to the series, and I have loooooved this game."
,Not Recommended,236690,18541845,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Adlerson,"The game isn't BAD. But it's not Blood Bowl. Not in the shape that Blood Bowl players of decades know as Blood Bowl.Cyanide has made their own little uneccesary changes, because they know better than the rest of us. Thus creating a Blood Bowl that is gorgeous to look at, but it's not the Blood Bowl most players recognize.Not only have they done this, but they've done this without ever ONCE trying to explain WHY they do these things. Nor do they offer the ordinary fan an option to play with the standard rules of the game.So.. I regret having given my money to Cyanide for this 'almost but not quite BB' game."
76561198180247086,Not Recommended,236690,18742324,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,kingmark,"I do not recommend this game at all in its current condition.  Where to start... Firstly the game is missing 14 teams compared to blood bowl chaos edition. 14 teams!  That is more than half.  There are multiple bugs.  The developers have no idea what giving updates to the blood bowl community is, they are pretty much radio silent always!  MatchMaking is unbalanced and the only teams you come across are Dwarf, Chaos and Orc (all Bashy teams).  They is a campaign but nothing compared to blood bowl chaos edition where you got to manage a team from the start and progress them through many competitions till you finally got to the blood bowl!There are alot of minor issues that dont effect the gameplay but are still noticeable... like the fact i cant rotate the camera all he way around the pitch or that the only races that watch blood bowl are human peasants who all bought there outfit from the same store, and orcs who like to beat the life out of that drum!Until alot more content is added, being different teams, a proper campaign, more league options and bug fixes then i would avoid.The only improvement is the way the game looks."
76561197962235052,Not Recommended,236690,18885393,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Stray Bear {606},what I have played of it i don't like it as much as I did the first one.
76561197970549882,Not Recommended,236690,18882685,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,hammer_stein,"Crash'tastic, get the original it works!"
,Not Recommended,236690,30108307,Posted: 22 February,all,Sir Glame,"It's a good game but suffers greatly from a lack of single player campaigning. There is only one solo campaign for the human team. There are many other non-human teams, but unless you want to play multiplayer these are not fleshed out at all. Lazy."
76561198037516308,Recommended,236690,34742634,Posted: 4 September,all,Saint Curmudgeon,"One of the best strategy game ever, if you also like a little RNG to spice things up!  Large leaning curve and you need to play regularly to be good."
,Recommended,236690,18175780,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,jazz spirit,There have been some questionable rule changes from Blood Bowl 1 and the lack of teams is problematic but on the other hand you get to watch dwarfs kill all of your team while you roll double skulls on re-rolls in a much prettier engine with a much better UI.Really it's the same old infuriating Blood Bowl; you'll still need to have a deep-rooted sense of pessimism to survive playing it but it looks nice and shiny and leagues are finally easy so I recommend it.Shame about the campaign.
76561197966835726,Not Recommended,236690,22253488,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pototron,"Cyanide is the developper. Took about 12 expansions for the first blood bowl to make a good game. Will need about the same for this one. Cyanide, release unfinished and buggy content and they almost never communicate. All in all they are very semi competent about what they do. The ONLY reason this game is semi popular is because its bloodbowl. ANY other generic IP or theme and this game would (and the first one) be a flop."
76561197985257236,Recommended,236690,32662079,Posted: 22 June,all,Sever,"I had played Blood Bowl Chaos Edition before, liked it but the graphics and certain elements of the UI were kind of clunky for me. BB2 improves vastly over BB1 and is very enjoyable. I am not a hardcore BB fan but got to hand it to the developers for making the Blood Bowl game accessible on the PC. Graphics are top notch, commentary is a delight. Veterans of BB may scoff at some decisions of the developers in BB2 but overall I think this is a game which will be enjoyed and played for some years by veterns and noobs alike."
76561198018028922,Not Recommended,236690,19086461,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ReficulDrol,"crash after crash in solo campaignrequesting graphic driver updates,cant get any later drivers than whats avaliable right nowonly play one race in the offline in campaignno tournament offlineonline works fine, except for players conceding on the smallest injuryso many games lasting 5 mins but take 10 times longer to wait for another to beginbloodbowl1 is so much more for so much less."
76561198054543280,Recommended,236690,18900233,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,DarthPhysicist,"I love this game. It will take time to get all the teams out, but this was true of the previous version as well. The graphics are great and contrary to a lot of other complaints, I actually like the new interface. This is not a game for a passing user however, as being competitive online requires a fairly deep understanding of your teams strengths and the opponents weaknesses. The strategy involved in building a winning team can be quite complex, and in the end, as a (digital) dice based game, you will have the occasional run of bad luck where nothing goes right! If you like fantasy, and you like football, then this is the game for you!"
76561197993386596,Recommended,236690,34575013,Posted: 29 August,all,edd,"Excellent (must buy)GoodAverage (maybe when on sale)Avoid (not worth your time and money)SummaryThis is a recreation of the turn based sports board game. After a couple of years worth of patches this feels more complete. The main draw is the multiplayer mode which has strategic depth on and off the field but is exceptionally unforgiving. It is harder to recommend for offline play so maybe when on sale if you have no interest in playing online.ReviewThe game suffered criticism at launch for having far less content than the original Blood Bowl game. If you are a fan of Games Workshop you will know that they are in the business of flogging DLC whenever possible. Obviously it would be better if they didn’t but it is the reality. However I think the base game is good enough value without any extras. It has a good selection of competitive teams. They are missing an undead team, out of the box, as well as the more unusual teams so if you know you want to play with one of these it will cost extra. A try before you buy mode would have been welcome.For newcomers the game has a 16 hour single player campaign with a human team which was enjoyable with it’s tongue in cheek look into the world of sport in the ultra violent Warhammer universe. However it doesn’t teach much beyond the basics of the game and the AI doesn’t play well. Off the field you level up your players with a pool of 40+ skills that you will want to memorise to play competitively. This offers surprising tactical depth but the game doesn’t really cover the main strategies or why they work.The design and UI is much improved from the first game. There is a need for a lot of information and it could always be clearer for the more complicated rules. The graphics are really nice and benefit a lot from the great Warhammer style.This was designed as a board game and it plays very differently from modern multiplayer games. It is slow paced, games can last an hour or more and you have no interaction during your opponent’s turn. Everything is based on dice rolls and you will be rolling a lot so expect bad luck at almost every turn. This is fine playing at a table, having a laugh at misfortune with your friend, but can make for frustrating competitive play. Many of the teams are based on bashing to injure the opponents players which can lead to really unfair games if a team clears 3+ players or boring slugfests where you both try to gain a player advantage. Most teams have very optimised build orders which make some skills, players and teams feel underpowered. Passing is hard on all beginner teams and is never guaranteed. Despite these flaws you will have to make many tactical decisions which can make for really exciting moments and stories.There is nothing quite like it in the niche of competitive turn based sports strategy games but don’t expect a quick or easy multiplayer game."
76561198015283218,Not Recommended,236690,18237821,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,movingtarget26,"I love blood bowl but sadly this is not worth it at the moment. Play the first game, much more content."
76561197969161763,Recommended,236690,23775412,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,snilldog,Football but without rules. Straight up killing the other team is a perfectly viable and hilarious strategy.
76561197961803062,Recommended,236690,18178044,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,WardenUSA,A great version of my favorite board game. Can't wait until the other races come out. Such a good version!
,Not Recommended,236690,18792667,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Calvin,"Fun game with stability issuesWhile the game is very entertaining, and a big improvement over the previous verison, sadly it is extremely unstable. I have finished the last match of the campaign 4 times now, and every time it crashed during a cut scene. Sometimes the game just becomes so slow it is unusable - only restarting the game solves this. Saving games is hit and miss, sometimes it works, some times you have to start again. And sometimes it randomly crashes. This is with recent game and video drivers, and on supported OS and hardware.I would recommend not getting the game now, but wait till they fix these problems."
,Not Recommended,236690,18864909,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Potato,"Graphics issues endure until today. Whenever I write about it in an AMA or tech forum, it gets deleted. I imagine this review will get deleted as well. Extremely disappointing game. Unfinished."
76561198077645141,Not Recommended,236690,28820231,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Phalanx,"This is exactly Blood Bowl 1, with far fewer teams and slightly better graphics.The only time I would recommend this over the original game is if you're a multiplayer enthusiast and want to be able to play against strangers over the internet. If this is the case, be prepared to pay a fee to enter a league and/or wait ridiculous amounts of time to find a match.I am a big fan of Blood Bowl as a game. I am not giving this a recommendation because the first version of this game is cheaper and has 3x as many options for teams with no changes to gameplay."
,Recommended,236690,18177393,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Īsarnwolf,"Amazingly fun game! Recommended to anyone that likes turn-based strategy, Warhammer or 40k. Not sure why so many reviewers are complaining. Blood Bowl 2's production quality is way higher than BB1. There's no way you should expect all of the Blood Bowl teams/races in at launch. Give it some time, guys!Edit: Game has come a long way and has almost reached the team diversity of BB:CE.Edit: With Blood Bowl 2: Legendary Edition this has become the best Blood Bowl experience of all time!"
76561197994652061,Recommended,236690,18352310,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Coffeecool,"Hi Folks.To everyone new to the Blood Bowl Franchise: this is not meant to be a Single Player Game.All about the spirit and the fun comes from fighting other Players, its all about Strategy, Tactic and a bit of Luck some times. ( Its a Dice Game after all)But first things first - Is BB2 better than BB1?Kind of, yes. BB2 has a much better look all over the place, the UI is more Userfriendly, the presentation of the stadiums and the teams is awesome, it plays smoother and is just more enjoyable than BB1.And there are so cool details they added, for example if you purchase a Bloodweiser Stand for your Stadium, the crowd is much more pushed and the sound effects of your fans cheering changes aswell, more singing and Vuvuselas all over the place, nice!The graphics are great, with cool beating animations and close up cameras if something important happens, really cool and it delivers a nice feeling of being close to the Action.So the Game itself, the Programming and Graphics are much better than BB1.The most common reason for negative reviews is the lack of Content it has at the Moment.And that in fact is true, BB1 has much more Content to deliver, but you need to consider that BB1 already has 2 Addons, and compared to the Base Game the Content is the same.A few not gamebreaking but important things missing aswell, and hopfully will be added soon.The Game lacks in case of Informations, for example no Hall of Fame for your Team, no Player Statistics, no information about Opposing Team pre Match, no Visual change of high lvl Players and so on.In my opinion it seems they just where running out of time to implement all those things before release, and im very confident that they will add that kind of things the next few Months.Additional Teams will be delivered saperatly as a DLC for 6,99$ each as far is i know, what is a fair price because the teams are really looking awesome.So for everybody new to Bloodbowl, BB2 is the better choice. Because it has a better UI and a Singleplayer Campaign wich is in fact a large Tutorial.To the Bloodbowl Veterans out there, you want to buy and play Bloodbowl 2 for the same reasons, you played BB1 instead of Fumble. If you want all the Content the BB Lore will offer and all the Statistics and information Possible, play Fumble, its free after all.But if you want a nice looking Bloodbowl expirience that entertains you, just give BB2 a Chance."
,Recommended,236690,24570846,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Velihopea,"Excellent TBS/RPG game, chess with multiple different teams who all have their own specific weaknesses and strengths. All actions are also decided by dice rolls, so if you hate having bad luck sometimes, stay clear!Reviews of this game are polarised, some will not like this game, but those who do will drown hundreds of hours in it. Also be warned: this is a strategy game, not FIFA. Hours played says it all: If you think you might like BB, do yourself a favor and try it out."
,Recommended,236690,20540539,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Alice.Skunkworks,"Alot of people complaining about the lack of teams and yeah while I agree they shoulda made Lizardmen and Wood Elves into the game for free instead of being a preorder bonus I still say the game is just fine, though I do understand the frustration about its early release issues. I honestly think that thats mostly because it was pitched at consoles (mostly PS4) and that made PC optimization suffer which unfortunately is their main market but you can't blame them for pitching it to a popular demographic as the PS4 is known to be the system in which people tend to pick up sports games, but I digress, after the newest patch I wholly recommend this game."
76561198009510821,Recommended,236690,20669452,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Krack,"As a new player, I found Blood Bowl 2 both unforgiving and exciting to play. But beware, it is a game that gives a lot of teeth cringing moments and this is why it is so satisfying when luck (also known as Nuffle's grace) is on your side."
,Recommended,236690,20773940,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Strontium-90,A very enjoyable game. UI is improved over BB1.
,Recommended,236690,33833883,Posted: 27 July,all,RaisouE,"It is difficult to reccomend Blood Bowl.Not because it is bad. No, I actually think it is amazing.It is hard to recommend, because the learning curve is steep, the tools ingame for learning are not very good, and there are methods of play in the game that other games would consider griefing, which is enjoyed by many experienced players, and which trample new players and drive them off the game for good.If you want to play Blood Bowl I reccomend entering a community of players, to both learn the game, and to organize play. Blood Bowl in my opinion is best experienced in shorter leagues, since the game is poorly balanced for extended leagues, where most players are found.And for the love of god, don't play Dorfs. You'll hate it, and people will hate you."
76561198047448333,Recommended,236690,35226369,Posted: 26 September,all,Straight Outta Valhalla,"I've never been so mad in a game before, and I'm sure many can say the same, but somehow the community isn't even remotely toxic. Core gameplay is a lot of fun. Wish there were more cosmetics available- more distinct stadiums, more cheerleader variety (both race and dance), more individual player customization (often fewer head types than players leads to clones), and more skins to outfit the teams.A little extra would go a long way.Would definitely recommend except to players who get mad at hearthstone for RNG and rage at XCOM for being unfair."
76561197974908007,Not Recommended,236690,25387480,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,techsprite,"This could be a really enjoyable game. Great concept, great artwork, interesting and fun gameplay with dynamic characteristics. But once again, sigh, we have a developer releasing a buggy game before it's ready, rife with widespread graphics issues and reproducable errors.So what to do? Honor your customers' investment and release a patch?  No, instead the ""solution"" is blaming end-users and suggesting upgrading graphics card drivers, rather than fixing the problems.A potentionally great game ruined by poor attention to details, lack of oversight and quality-contorl."
,Recommended,236690,20513106,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ching Chong,Everyone is #NeverLucky but just incase you win against me that just means i was even more #Neverlucky then you.
76561198236439930,Recommended,236690,19764793,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Zakneifren,Most of the issues introduced by other players are now solved ! Good game
76561198017089324,Recommended,236690,19887532,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,IGotDis,Great patch just fixed many issues and implemented a lot of features that the community asked for
,Recommended,236690,19905511,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,✪Eldon,awesome improves on the originals massively
76561198068750122,Recommended,236690,20334176,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Demonic Impulse,This Game Is Awesome! Would Recommend To Anyone Who Enjoys A Game With Turn Based Strategy.  The Additional Satisfaction Of Killing The Other Teams Units Forever (Thats Right KIlling A Unit Destroys It Forever) Is A Big Plus for Me. Theres Nothing Like Seeing A Unit Thats Got A Few Good Skills and Bashing The Crap Out Of It Till Its Dead (On A Side Note This Goes Both Ways). There Are Also Some Websites To Help New Players Learn How To Play Any Team ( Like bbtactics ).
76561197963624833,Recommended,236690,20070544,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,corknut,"The best blood bowl game yet.  Latest patch has addressed many of the nagging issues that players have complained about.  Still missing some races, but sounds like they're working on it."
,Recommended,236690,27437799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shrimpling,I bought this game in July to play for a few weeks before No Mans Sky was released... 350 hours later i'm now looking at buying the tabletop version because I love Blood Bowl so much.
76561198056664265,Recommended,236690,30445697,Posted: 11 March,all,Trollbi Wan Kenobi,I bloody love this game. It has spiked my love for American Football. The combat makes it better than any other sport game. I would instantly play this over Madden. Matches are entertaining and exhilarating. Good plans are needed and the match can turn at any time making it even more enjoyable. The commentators and their quotes never get old and improve the match in many ways. Great game must buy
76561198007317078,Recommended,236690,19838896,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ciaphas Cain,"Blood Bowl 2 is absolutly fantastic, it might not have the stupidly high number or races from blood bowl 1, but they are trying to bring in more. Its a great game, and it deserves more praise."
76561198013771109,Recommended,236690,22011926,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,stuw23,"Blood Bowl is one of my favourite games ever, and I've spent plenty of hours playing it, both table-top in my youth and more recent video game versions.Plus points:+ it's Blood Bowl. If you don't know what that is, Blood Bowl is a hybrid turn-based sports-strategy game based in the Warhammer Fantasy world. The game itself has quite a steep learning curve, is heavily reliant on luck, and is quite unforgiving. Yet it's also hugely addictive. There's few feelings as satisfying as executing a carefully constructed game-plan, or pulling off the unlikliest string of dice-rolls to get you out of a jam. Success is never guaranteed, meaning even the best teams and players can lose.+ the graphics are great. They're not normally a big deal for me, but the quality of them (compared with Chaos Edition especially) and the action-cam on knock-downs gives the game a much more intense feel than BB:CE often had. The character models are pretty great, though it would have been nice if they changed as players levelled up, as in BB:CE.+ some of the commentary is genuinely laugh-out-loud funny. To paraphrase one of my favourite examples: ""There's only two things I hate; racists, and ****ing High Elves!""+ the community is, on the whole, friendly and welcoming. I'm yet to run in to anyone on multiplayer who left me with a bad feeling, which is rare in games as focused on multiplayer as this. Just don't complain that dice rolls are fixed when you roll double-skulls, reroll, and hit double-skulls again. They're not fixed, Nuffle just doesn't like you.+ the AI teams are better when compared with BB:CE. Players have more realistic skill-sets, and they play a bit better than in BB:CE. Not by much, and it will never come close to a human opponent, but for someone who played a lot of single-player on BB:CE, the improvement is noticable, even if the AI still does do some dumb moves at times.Neutal:~ the campaign seems to take an age to get going, working as more an extended tutorial, and can ask for some very odd conditions for victory in matches.~ developing your own stadium and giving it special bonuses is a nice, but small touch.Negatives:- far fewer races at launch than in BB:CE. The lack of 'stunty' teams is especially disappointing (speaking as someone who loved the chaos goblins could inflict, even if they barely ever won a match). New teams are set for release as time goes by, with the devs giving them for free to people who already own the game, but it's the biggest negative about Blood Bowl 2. (edit: this is less applicable now that Legendary Edition is out, assuming you purchase that and any relevant team DLCs)- some signs of laziness/rushing in a few areas - some dialogue doesn't fully match up with what's happening, character models are heavily repeated for the crowd, no race-specific cheerleaders. Small points ultimately, but it means the game lacks a bit of polish.I've found myself playing this over BB:CE since I brought it (even if it means I can't play as my beloved goblins - edit -though I can now with Legendary Edition!). Which version you pick up depends on which teams you want to play against/as/budget for DLC. But, as things now stand with team DLCs etc released, then I recommend Blood Bowl 2 over BB:CE. If I had to score it, I'd probably give it a 7/10."
76561198010929229,Recommended,236690,20438842,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ansko,Drives me into incredible anger but yet is so satisfying when things go your way.
76561198001294471,Recommended,236690,21656267,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,durabigael,"A lot of people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about that game. I prefer BB2 over BB 1. The graphic are better , its way more noob friendly than BB1.I love that game.  The fun of that game is in the multiplayer , and specialy if you are playing in a league. NAF is fun but kinda have 0 purpose.If you love Boardgame & strategy game like final fantasy tactic that game is for you"
76561198011795714,Recommended,236690,29891722,Posted: 12 February,all,Snak,"Pretty great, especially with the new races and legendary eddition coming."
76561198132797486,Recommended,236690,21246344,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,skelton_422,Great game! This game is a lot of fun (and infuriating) provided you like turn based RNG games. I am new to Blood Bowl and I have never played the first one. With that said I understand the negative reviews from people who played the original. They have good reason to expect more. Everybody expects more from a sequel. The only thing I wish they added was a mode where you can edit the rules and or dice.
76561198081997868,Recommended,236690,22029772,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Gazz955,"the gaming experience and graphics are better than the first edition, i love this game, the dice can and will ruin your day which can get frustrating. Learn the game make the dice work for you, this is a game to be mastered."
,Recommended,236690,21698193,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Challenger-X2,Blood Bowl
76561198009169625,Recommended,236690,30057853,Posted: 20 February,all,RaveNess,"Excellent Game. Great Fresh, Fleshed, flamboyant, feisty-famed game.The variations to the teams/ races have character, quality and uniqueness added with the skill tree progression.Your play style can be all out war or finely strategic depending on what you like.Constantly updated game and a good dev team."
76561198009931468,Recommended,236690,30071289,Posted: 20 February,all,dean_lindo AKA Quickstrike,"If you love board games and gratuious violence, this is for you. This game has me screaming in rage at bad dice rolls and grinning as my players gleefully stomp adversary players in the ground.League play and character development insure long replayability, comentaries can get tedious after some replay.The graphic are ok (way better than the original BB) and the AI plays an OK game. If you are new I suggest you wait for the legendary edition.Note that I do not plays in multiplayer games but I enjoy the campaing and solo play."
76561198023402654,Recommended,236690,25862061,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gasperitis,"If you know what you are getting into then you will enjoy it.  It's a solid version of the Table top. I would like more  team customization and the players changing looks as they level up. However, that isn't a deal killer for me.It's alot like the original but with improved graphics."
76561198067115171,Recommended,236690,20383761,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Oh Hey Alex,"I used to have a life. I used to have friends and people i cared about. I used to play Warhammer Tabletop. But then came Blood Bowl 2. And it all just went away, just like any of my luck with dice."
,Recommended,236690,19897197,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,nsc,"Great game, great company which has supported the game through thick and thin. Cyanide has really stepped up and listened to the community for improvements and bug fixes and really improved the entire product.Wow, it's been a YEAR since Blood Bowl 2 came out, crazy heckin' year gamers! Yessiree bob, cyanide ran a blood bowl 2 world cup, games workshop is releasing a new boxed set. Almost all the first wave dlc teams are out (and were free to people who bought the game!).Now comes the cold hard facts: Blood Bowl is not an easy game to get into, but it is a fun strategic game. It kind of plays more like a puzzle game with lots of risk management. If you are going to hop into the game you'll definitely want to hunt down a copy of the ""Blood Bowl CRP"" or ""Blood Bowl LRB6"" since these pdfs have the entire rules which govern the game and inevitably you'll want to figure out what's going on.That said the ""campaign"" mode slowly eases you into the mechanics and will teach you little by litte. I quite enjoy this campaign, it does some cool set-piece stuff with the games, but if you're a blood bowl veteran the AI just isn't challenging at all.BUT! Cyanide has done much more than release DLC, yes! We've been fortunate to get piles and piles of free updates, tweaks and fixes. The UI has dramatically improved, including grids, skill summaries as optional display pieces, the player roster screen for editing teams was also improved. AND they added options to turn off subtitles, AND prevent the camera from jumping around during your opponent's turn, so now you can actually plan things!However, here's the cold turkey time, is this game worth the price tag? Well let me break down your options for playing blood bowl these days:1. You can go outside and meet a tabletop gaming club, buy miniatures and play in a local league making new friends and memories which will last a lifetime.2. Play fumbbl, a free web-based java client which has all of the teams and over 100 fan-made teams (which are only available in fan-leagues, so you can happily play with only official teams with no fuss)3. Play cyanide's Blood Bowl Chaos Edition4. Play cyanide's Blood Bowl 2.Now, previously, I mentioned that Blood Bowl 2 has more daily games than fumbbl, and this is still true, so if you want sheer number of players in your community then Blood Bowl 2 is the obvious choice.Yes Blood Bowl 1 has more single player content, but it's been so long since I've lost a game to the AI so I'll admit I don't really care for the single player content in either game. Sure the BB2 campaign is pretty entertaining with all the fancy set pieces (and you get to use STAR PLAYERS) but beyond that, eh, I'll take my multiplayer leagues any day thank you, and boy there are a fair few to decide between!I hope you do decide to pickup blood bowl, and if you're still on the fence I suggest you look up Cknoor's tutorials for learning the game as it will give you a good idea of whether you will enjoy the game or not.Here are Cknoor's tutorials if you are interested:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSJ6kwwJv4Nq12RPHARCNSpIJ7162MANHhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSJ6kwwJv4Nr-Ky1PaFZys50S7zewio1O(heck if you decide to get the game these are pretty top to check out)Cheers, hope to see you on the pitch."
76561198267433347,Recommended,236690,21532818,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,rvrockman,"BB 2 is an addicting and fun game, all be it with some frustrating moment.  I like the rng and trying to beat it, I usually don't like the coaches who hate a match up and concede.  I hope that this changes with the new races and with some tweaks to players and skills.  8/10"
76561198029153582,Recommended,236690,21133218,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,terreus,"HiI usually don't write so many reviews; in this case I do though because I think many do injustice to the game: A lot of the bad critics are based on the dlc/pricing policy. That is one thing and does not necessarily display the quality of the game. Apart from looking better, BB2 also is lot more stable. I haven't discovered flaws like not being able to switch players during set up before kick-off (happened a lot for me in BB) or the AI just doing nothing. Sure, this AI could also be better, on the other hand, for average Joes like me, it increases the fun factor (by decreasing the frust factor). The campaign might be short, but it is quite entertaining. It definitely is much better in BB2 than in BB. Some others complain about lacking features like design of players and teams; well, as average Joe, this is neglectible. If you like football, violence (in games) & tactics, this IS a good game."
76561197991907232,Recommended,236690,19831137,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,warpchylde,"Love this game.Was watching a lot of Youtube videos before I made the decision to buy it. Don´t regret it one bit, it´s a fantastic game and definately deserves better reviews imo.The gameplay is smooth and highly enjoyable, being an old Warhammer player I love seeing the different races represented on the field, the game itself is very tactical with random things thrown in where the dice can make or break your game.Sure, you can lose badly because of unlucky rolls, but that´s Blood Bowl and how it always has been. If you don´t like that, then this is not a game for you.Myself, I love this game and highly recommend it. Very much looking forward to seeing more races trickle in.Good job, Cyanide."
,Recommended,236690,24598921,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[ACG]Lionhair,Awesome game to play with friends and in leagues that are specially managed. Normal public leagues may become tedious to endure.
76561198016326355,Recommended,236690,19827262,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Harbingerlll,"Really fun little game inspired by modern day Rugby/American Football with an injection of fantasy. Two games are never quite the same thanks to the RNG brought by a system built on a d6 but it still manages to be quite fun to play, especially if you have a group of friends that get it like I have. We have our own little league and make our own schedules to play each other and all watch each game and have a blast at the hilarity that is Blood Bowl. Really stepped it up since release with the upcoming release of 4 new races (to be given free to anyone who owns the game before their release) and much needed QoL changes in-game. I only see this improving as the Devs listen to their community.As for my criticisms, the fault lies within the core aspects of the game itself. Blood Bowl at its heart seems to only support two styles of play: Smash or Pass. With teams like Chaos being built as their single purpose to destroy teams, it seems to go against the grain of ever needing to score. Why bother when you can just kill the enemy team? Which begs the question, why did any teams ever care about scoring when their lives are just at risk?"
76561198006337228,Recommended,236690,19860272,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Piro,It's a solid and surprisingly deep game that doesn't take too long to play but allows you to think strategically each turn. The game devs havn't released all the various factions yet but have decided to release them for free for anyone who owns the game before those races are released. Very much worth getting into.
,Recommended,236690,21253466,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dr. Chopwood,"Hilarious game! Sure it has some flaws, but it's really fun to play. Especially with friends."
,Recommended,236690,21756225,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ZoooGrippo,"Fantastic Blood Bowl game.Yes, the campaign is not as full as Blood Bowl 1. However, THIS is REAL Blood Bowl. It is the exact same game as the board game, in video-game format. Just that makes it a win, and the best Blood Bowl video game yet (even including the nostalgic DOS BB)."
,Recommended,236690,34830662,Posted: 8 September,all,Scooter (Serenausagi),This is a very fun and unique game i must buy if you like warharmmer
76561198069537726,Recommended,236690,19578719,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ommadon,"Game has issues, really needs to be supported better by the developers (new teams anyone?), but I would still recommend it.  Any failings of the game is made up by the small but growing fan base.Find a group of friends, give BB2 a go and dont get salty."
,Recommended,236690,19724879,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,sin0fchaos162,Blood Bowl 2. Oh I love and hate thee....You annoy the hell out of me with your random dice rolls and the bad matchmaking system that pits new players against veterans. But I can't stop playing ye.I'm too addicted to stop. I'm determined to win at least one game. I've played close to ten matches now and haven't one a single one. I think I've gotten more angry the more times I lose. But I can't stop trying. I MUST WIN!
,Not Recommended,236690,18750584,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,The Choobe,"hmmmmmm... got some problems, seems to be re-accuring in the BB games and the reason i stopped playing the last game. just played a custom league against npc coaches, lotsa fun, some tough games in a knockout but then i get to the final, had 2 nights of great fun up to now.... i fail every role, my team gets knocked down every turn, i had 3 injurys by turn 2 and my best blitzer dead and 2 other players KO'd in the next turn, even after re-rolling the death it came up death, now if youve not played the BB table table game then this might seem resonable but if you have then you would know that in order to get a death twice in a row thats like 6 6's on a D6 in a row, oh and busting there armour twice, yes that can happen but in a game where i loose every role it seems weird. also i spent 3 turns atempting to pickup a ball, in fair weather , with an agi 4 player with safe hands and he shook the ball around like a tool before being flattened and the npc scoring.Now this used to happen all the time in BB1 because it was a cheap to make game and i was hoping that the difficulty level in BB2 would be defined by coach skill and player abilities not by the blatant and almost obvious dice swindling. several of my mates have flat refused to buy this game because they knew it would be this way.Dont really care about the price, the lack of teams, the medicore UI but really, this level of shoddy development is just poor.I really wish i could get my money back for this game and am currently trying. if this was your problem with the first game then DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198332315311,Recommended,236690,31870850,Posted: 20 May,all,Metheadras,"Mix together chess, fantasy football, and kill the guy with the ball, and you have one of the greatest board games ever made.  This is the online version.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try!"
76561197970435474,Recommended,236690,24645687,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Vargas78,"Bloodbowl is a great game but let's face it, the graphics in the 2009 version were awful, even by 2009 standards. This has been greatly improved, and the UI has been slightly improved. Does that justify the high price it goes for (as much as 45 euros in some places) for a game that is otherwise lacking many of the teams present in the excellent Chaos edition?I don't think it does. 30 euros seems a fairer price for the amount of content we have. Yet if it retails for less in your part of the world, or you see it on a promotion i do recommend it. Like the board game it is based on, it is an excellent game which is tactically rich and equally rewarding and frustrating at times. It uniquely combines the tactical challenge of a sport, with that of a battle."
76561198064515896,Not Recommended,236690,32312923,Posted: 10 June,all,Johnny Gunman,"♥♥♥♥ the user interface in this iteration of the game.The previous iterations were fine, this version introduces numerous new issues, from using icons instead of words to show what skills a player has to constantly having annoying pop-ups on the screen getting in the way of what is going on. Why the hell would anyone want any of those things??Strip back the goddamn interface so that you don't get any messages across the screen and can see player skills in text rather than stupid icons."
76561197986160636,Recommended,236690,34269902,Posted: 15 August,all,Random_Killer312,"Most people wont like this game, so i reccommend watching youtube videos on what the play actually looks like before you buy. Alot of the game mechanics are randomized and certain actions like passing for example are nearly impossible for certain races and can be frustrating if your new to the series. For those that do like this game though it's pretty awesome though. Few changes can be made to make this game more customizable somehow and improve on the stadium and building options of your team to make it better but for now I'll love it as is and wait for the next in the franchise."
76561198067838332,Recommended,236690,29577759,Posted: 29 January,all,RobbedGamer,Love this game paid full price for all of it including the DLC which I never do. Top tier. A+
,Recommended,236690,21442355,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kejiruze,Absolutely amazing looking version of BBOnce they've sorted out the rules and races it'll be perfect!8/10
76561198023401303,Recommended,236690,23774023,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,blazk,"So the vector between football fans and fans of fantasy RPG is not very big.  If you like sports and D&D both, this is probably for you.  If you hate either of those things then you'll probably want to pass.  It is difficult, it is a lil repetative (like every sports game am I right).  It is also hilarious and addictive!  Sersiously, the announcers during the campaign are great.  Would I pay full price?  I don't know, probably.  If you see this on sale during summer sale or whatever, it's worth it."
,Recommended,236690,18701248,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Igantinos,I was what you would call a casual fan of Blood Bowl before I bought this. Now I am greatly invested in the game and it's futher development. Only judging the game on it's own merits it's definetly a reccomend. It has enough teams so that average games feel different enough as well as having acceptable UI.Does it have problems? Yes. But it's still a hella fun.
,Recommended,236690,18349777,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,madlarkin8,"I bought this game not knowing what to expect, I enjoy turn based games, I enjoy warhammer (fantasy and 40K), but I do not enjoy american football. Even with the most basic knowledge of football, the atmosphere of the game shines and leaves me satisfied. I may be the only one, but I enjoyed the campaign, it has humor, betrayal, drama, and crazy out-there moments that you would expect from the warhammer universe with surprisingly well done voice acting by Jim and Bob (the announcers). The multiplayer is really the bread and butter of the game though, with an in-depth league system (still waiting on individual player stats) I felt for my players and did my best to keep them alive and well because death is permanent, even in online play.P.S. There was a flurry of launch issues like compatibility and graphical glitches which the devs speedily remedied by putting out a comprehensive list of fixes for on the forums. kudos for being on the ball at game release."
76561197984283716,Not Recommended,236690,28927030,Posted: 1 January,all,Ray,"It's still the classic fantasy football board game, but with half the teams to choose from.If you want the other teams, you'll have to pay extra for them (DLCs).The newest features would be the mircotransactions...Bad industry! Give us finished products to consume or go sit on the time-out-chair."
,Not Recommended,236690,33687755,Posted: 20 July,all,Kalogrym,Until they address the single player experience i'm not repurchasing this dumster fire of a mediocre multiplayer experience.I want a Dynasty mode. I want customizable single player options and a good experience to play offline. I want to play across multiple tournaments with my same team that leaves a lasting impact.Why is this so hard to implement?
,Not Recommended,236690,18156528,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dustbin,"Same deal as the first version of Blood Bowl 1, missing a bunch of features but still a fun game.Tl;dr Do not buy it >>>YET<<< unless you're a diehard bloodbowl fan. It is completely unfinished and as buggy as the first iteration of Blood Bowl PC, and is a straight downgrade from chaos edition in a lot of ways aside from # of teams. That being said, it will almost certainly be improved a lot in the long-run, just as Blood Bowl 1 was, so if you don't buy it now get it after a few patches for sure, in a sale. It's just a shame they seem to have not learnt much from BB1.The Bad:- The league system has been downgraded heavily in choice of options for organizers in almost every way possible, there's no excuse for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the only thing that keeps people playing your game.- Very buggy/some mechanics and skills just flat out do not function as intended (almost as bad as the first game).- No grid still- Hella expensive- 8 teams and it's hella expensive for 8 teams, they're also very vanilla teams, none of the fun/abnormal ones.- No aesthetic change on player level up anymore- Chance of some dodgy things with Cyans (their in-game currency)- Wave goodbye to cool and varied pitches.- Game is literally unfinished, still no team specific cheerleaders, only two models in the crowd etc.- Can't view opponents team during inducements anymore.- Mouse click functions are reversed from the first game. Maddening.The Good- Good quality spectating, probably the absolute biggest upgrade.- Bob and Jim are back, kinda.- More new player/idiot friendly. It displays the end % chances for actions as well as the dice.- It is prettier.- The proposed DLC model for teams is better than expansions and offers far better choice (imo).- Better UI (I hesitate to put this here, since the UI is def better in design, but they removed so many features from it to simplify it).- Dark Elves look ridiculously more fruity.- It's still Bloodbowl, and there's no substitute bug yet.- Possiblity of some neat things with Cyans.- You can access the options mid-match- Lots of small quality of life changes.- Praise the sun memes."
76561198046354290,Recommended,236690,32039625,Posted: 29 May,all,ajmurphy1986,"Excellent game,Dice aren't fixed, you're just bad..................."
,Recommended,236690,18154371,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Secular,"For someone unfamailair with the franchise; it's a turnbased, tactical, quasi-football simulation with rpg and progression mechanics using the warhammer universe.  Kind of a mouthful right?  It works suprisingly well though.This game is almost less of a sequal than a graphics and UI overhaul of the first game.  The game itself is functionally identical in terms of gameplay, but all the peripheral portions have been improved.  The UI is now easy to use and mostly intuitive (if you assume that should just be a given, play the first game and weep).  The graphics are not just functional as they were in the original, but actually quite good with cutscenes showing the action and giving a visceral thrill when your minotaur curb stomps a dwarf.  Full game pad support.  The team manager has more depth and it's now easy to almost instantly create custom leagues to play in.  You also now have the ability to trade your players online to other people which is just an interesting feature.One of the largest improvements is the addition of an actual tutorial in the form of the campaign.  It's a little slow but actually tells you what does what as opposed to the original blood bowls method of, ""Just click around and hope for the best.""  The campaigns narrative is also charmingly silly which is a plus.Given the longevity of the previous game the community is going to be extremely active for some time as well, so that's another bonus.Now this is not a game for everyone.  Like any authentic adaptation of a games workshop title, die rolls are king and you will inevitably end up cursing at your screen as what should have been a sure thing somehow turns into disaster.  If you've never called the RNG a ♥♥♥♥ing cheater, then you haven't actually played a games workshop title.  With that said though, the opposite can occasionally happen too, and it feels amazing.The only real downside is that the previous incarnation of blood bowl had 23 races, this has 8 (and doesn't have the undead, which was my favorite you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!)  The difference will be made up in DLC's which, depending on your preference is either fine or, to use the the langauge of the forum screamers, a bloodsucking scam that even EA would be ashamed of.  Personally I'm ok with it, and would rather have the game right now to play than wait however long it would be to get all the other races out simultaneously, but it nevertheless IS a negative.  This is a Null issue to new comers to the game but blood bowl 1 vets will probably feel like thier choices have been severely cut back.On the whole it's a pretty game that is silly fun and a lot more welcoming to new players than the first.  Buy it, Play it, cripple a scaven and laugh.  It's good times.  8/10"
,Recommended,236690,30240666,Posted: 28 February,all,saaya,"Very hard to get into, but dont give up!You have to read and watch a couple of tutorials before youll start to figure out how it worksBut once you do, its a ton of fun!Its like D&D + chessreally cool turn based gameVERY detailed, tons of races, rules, classes, and skills"
76561198041130844,Recommended,236690,18632448,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Guzman,"A wonderful mix of football and violence in a turn based strategic setting. If you liked the tabletop original, this game is for you! League, ladder and cup competition play with players that attain more skills the more matches they survive! Great fun and frustration to be had as you balance your chances with the dice."
76561198038873927,Recommended,236690,18362355,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hedgehog,本人一直是blood bowl的忠实粉丝，这次出续作着实让我兴奋不已，拿到手开玩后发现确实比前代的画面和美工等方面高出不少，种族虽然不够前作丰富但也够玩了，经过我与其他玩家的讨论得出，此款游戏继承了前作的优点，具有很强的可玩性，但是有几点意见希望提供给开发组和其他玩家仅供参考：首先，球员生涯12个赛季就退役了，然而生涯的计算似乎不是以一个赛季为计算单位。其次，转会市场的功能解释不清楚，至今不知道转会市场的作用和使用方法。希望有大神解答。最后也是最令我跳槽的一点就是取消了一代球员服装随球员等级提高而变得更加华丽的设定，让高等级球员没有了独特的魅力，成就感大减。此游戏可玩性极高，自由度很大，因此予以推荐。
76561198072489390,Recommended,236690,28744925,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jon,"If your camera view gets stuck to max zoom when you start the game...  try disconnecting your joystick!!!I'm a long time Blood Bowl player,I played the board game, Legendary & Chaos PC version.I've held off buying BloodBowl 2, waiting for a number of patches to come in before I gave it a go.First impressions:Graphically the pitch is not much improvedThe stadium and character animations are niceThe badges that tell you what skills the players have are not really legible on the field at 1440x900 - you have to hover over them. The only time they are really legible is on the roster's individual player page.In several places in the menus the text is poorly sized and almost illegibleThe team roster page is unnecessarily small and does not use the screen effectively resulting in small text.You *can switch off the subtitles*The functionality to rotate the pitch as in BloodBowl 1 is missing - you  press 'C' to get an alternate view but that's it. 'Cntrl"" provides more info about players on the field.The flavour provided by the commentators remains amusing as ever (personal taste)It's bloodbowl & enjoyable.Do I think this game is worth  full price? Absolutely not when you figure in the cost of DLCIs it worth the £8  I paid during the steam sale - yesLegendary edition is coming in the summer and will provide improved camera features"
76561198172762754,Recommended,236690,25453980,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,bowman60uk,"great game, shame about the DLC, waited for the undead team to come on sale.. finally caved and the game did not even have to down load anything, it was already there ready to be played... shows what a con DLC is becoming."
76561197988135042,Recommended,236690,28221150,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,bLoUse cLoWNs!,"I just got the game on sale, i have every bloodbowl game ever made.I love the new graphics and AI. The game is quite entertaining as it is.Deff worth a buy on sale but not at full price IMO. Why? The previous BB games have a single player Team creation option and campaign. Yes i understand other fans consider this an online game. I dont, and the franchise always had a robust single player campaign where you could create/name your squads then tour albion and compete in various cups. why is that not in this game? It should be for the price you have to pay....Also, and i know most die hard BB fans hate this because it is not true to the board game, theres no ""arcade"" mode! I love Arcade in the original BB games. you want a frenetic and chaotic unpredictable and fun experience, to me the arcade mode was it. it was more of a realtime experience and felt much more like a football game than a turn based strategy game. Its like the original BB games had two games in one because of this! Why take it out!?Im still going to give this game a positive review because the turn based mode is deffinately great and better than the original. But there are so many missing features the original BB had that I suggest you DO NOT buy until theres a sale at least 50% off."
76561198045478876,Recommended,236690,18282696,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,tacetpressim,"3rd Edit (July 2016): Cyanide have finally seen sense and changed the cost of orc blitzers to 80k. It has taken almost a year but they've finally done it.The support for this game has been slow but generally good and Cyanide have listened to their player base.All they need to do now is make stadium upgrades optional and stop this stupidity of having anything over 150k adding to your tv.The slow output of new races is acceptable as long as it continues.However the AI is still absolute rubbish. This is not a single player game. I repeat THIS IS NOT A SINGLE PLAYER GAME.This game still isn’t perfect but given the number of hours I’ve spent on it I have decided to change my review to positive.*******Since writing, Cyanide have released an update with a grid, names and skills toggle, which frankly still isn't as good as in their original game. Simply because in BB1 you could play the game with these toggles on, now they take up so much of the screen you can't see what's going on.On the positive side they have got rid of the laboured walking the players used to do to their positions at set up. It was particularly painful watching the treeman walk to his allotted square. They now teleport.Statistics are finally available, although it would be nice to have this as a team overview, rather than having to click on each player to see their individual stats.And in an attempt to woo back their disenfranchised fan base, they have declared that the next four races will be free to existing holders of the game, which is fantastic news.However, until they return the rules to normal and make their new-fangled crap optional, I will not be changing this review to positive.And it would be polite of them to remove the lies they've written all over the BB website about the AI improvements, since they obviously have no intention of fixing that.**********For all of you hanging out, waiting to see whether or not you should buy this game yet, here’s why you should keep waiting:Because this got really long so here’s the summary:Good: GraphicsBad: Everything elseIf you want to buy a good game, buy Blood bowl: Chaos Edition. It is a supremely better game.Now the long version:Number of Races – Let’s get this out of the way first. It wouldn’t bother me that only a fraction of the all the possible races are available, if Cyanide had provided me with a product that was an improvement over the original game, but they haven’t.BB2 is frankly no frills BB1.Blitz mode – Where’s it gone? Or perhaps I should say, only Blitz mode is available. Why can’t I turn off the OP stadium improvements? Now the death roller can stay on pitch for the entire game!!!! [Still a problem as of July 2016]Balance fixing – Some bright spark has decided the GW’s rules need to be ‘fixed’. And again, this can’t be turned off. You now have to spend your gold because anything above 150k counts towards your TV. WTF? That means when my wood elf team gets decimated against the dwarf death roller, I can’t buy any replacement players. [Still a problem as of July 2016]Skill icons – Perhaps these will take some getting used to, but they are too small to distinguish and aren’t obvious. It requires you to hover your mouse button above the icon. But to do this you have to click on the player first. So you have to stop what you’re doing, which takes time. So much time. Would it kill them to put the names next to the skills, like they did in the promotional vids?Grid – A lot of people have complained about this. I don’t think it’s so necessary with the new UI, but it would still be nice to have a toggle option. [Fixed]Position labels – This is a big one. Not being able toggle names/positions/numbers makes identifying players, which look very similar, really hard. I have thrown blocks against chaos warriors thinking they were beastmen. [Fixed - although they can obstruct veiw]Statistics – Another biggy. I don’t know who my top scorer is in any of my teams. I don’t know who’s suffered the most injuries. Why the hell not? This is part of the beauty of the game. This is what gives character to our players. More than fancy graphics. [Fixed - but cannot view whole team]Fancy Graphics – While we’re on the subject of graphics. I would like to point out that the only thing Cyanide have improved is the graphics. But who cares? In my opinion this is the last thing you fix. Until you have a playable game, who cares if it looks pretty.More stats – You can’t examine the line-up of the opposing team in the inducement stage before the game starts. In BB1 you could click on the match record after the game and see the opposing coach’s stats (percentage of games won/lost etc.). You could examine his other teams. You can’t do that anymore. Why not? [Fixed]Matchmaking – Matchmaking is horrible. Teams with unbalanced TVs come up against one each other all the time. [Fixed-ish]Slow set up – Every time you move your players before kick-off, they have to go through the action of actually running to where you told them to go, rather than simply appearing there. Great! It looks cool, like the action replays of my players hitting their opponents. But after the first game, I’d like to turn it off (as I assume most people did with the animations) because it simply wastes time. [Fixed]AI – Now I know not everyone cares about the AI. BB is a multiplayer game. But I don’t always have time for a two hour game that I can’t pause. And when I don’t, I would like to play against something challenging. To be honest the promise of improved AI was the reason I bought BB2 in the first place. Otherwise I could have carried on with Chaos Edition (which is a better game – not just a bit better, supremely better).Don’t get me wrong. The AI is different. It doesn’t do the same stupid s**t anymore. It just does different stupid s**t.Is it better?No.On my first kick-off I was delighted to see a team of orcs set up a cage. The second kick-off they received, they started setting up the same cage. Then, halfway through, they just gave up, leaving a whole flank wide open. To make matters worse they never, ever picked the ball up with their thrower. Not once. They always elected to collect it with a Blitzer. Those are examples from one game, but suffice to say I have not even come close to conceding a touchdown to the computer and always win by 5+.I don’t want to bore you with more examples. The short of it is that the AI is not an improvement on the old system. Given that Deep Blue could beat a chess master in 1997, is it really too much to ask for AI that plays BB in a way that doesn’t totally suck, in 2015? [Still a problem as of July 2016]Conclusion:Given that there are so many features of BB1 that have gone, what really cool things have Cyanide added to make BB2 better? I hear you ask. The answer is nothing. Zip. Zero. Zilch. Not one single thing that isn’t cosmetic.It’s like Cyanide had a meeting with a big piece of butcher’s paper, on which they wrote every aspect of BB1, and then systematically crossed each off. Concluding, perhaps, that no one used those options. The second piece of butcher’s paper, designated for BB2 ideas, they left blank. Then all but the graphics team took a two year holiday.So there we have it. Hopefully I haven’t left anything out. I apologise for the length, but so many features are lacking they need to be pointed out. BB2 is no frills BB1. If you want a good game buy Chaos Edition. Don’t waste your money on this."
76561198009282230,Recommended,236690,18150410,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Farsha,"Game has potential to grow to be really good in the future.Core gameplay is lot of fun as blood bowl always is and art style is gorgeus.But:Missing some core features:- Always ask on action what skills to use- Grid- Player name/positional tags- Visual ugrade of players on lvl ups(all present in BB:Chaos edition)- Player stats- There are really almost none settings/options/customization in this game at the moment.- Multiplayer League management is not good, Solo league management and settings is almost non existant (you cant even turn off aging in solo nor play ladder)(BBCE has nice open campaign next to story mode)Core gameplay is good, but it is hard to recomend at full prize of 45, +7 for each race at this moment.If you are not super hardcore BB fan, wait till the game gets patched, or is out on sale.If you are hardcore fan of BB then 45eur is not that bad, you will have more than 45hrs of fun here, But you can have that in BBCE for less :(I'm sad that I can't recomend this to everyone.If you are a fan maybe buy this to encourage Cyanide to build on the good core they have in this, but it feels almost like early access game now, sorry.Cynaide promised the they will patch some of the missing features into the game in the future, when it happens I'll be more than glad to to edit my review to positive.Today 24.9. they added both W. Elves and Lizardmen to people who preorded on steam for free, Have to give them credit for that. Unexpected and good move.Changed the review to positive, I play this too much ,even if it is still feature wise inferior to BB:CESeems like cyanide will try to improve the game over time, and they are really putting out patches.17.12.2015 - They Added Grid, player stats, coach view, inducement opposing team view, skill fixes.Also announced that 4 next races will be free to all BB2 owners.Just buy this now and have fun, they are really caring for the game this time :)"
,Recommended,236690,20841585,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,12 and a Half Meerkats,"Fantastic game. Definitely an improvement from the original, and just as coherent as the tabletop version."
76561198015551308,Recommended,236690,22127999,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,<XII> Bicius,"I really love this game, the interface is much better than the old one and they are slowly adding additional races."
76561198095126651,Recommended,236690,22131315,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Primal zen,It has its problems but I like the game overall
,Recommended,236690,28705554,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dang,Multiplayer-> AwesomeSingle player -> Meh... the AI is bad.Also the AI doesn't cheat. Seriously it does not. Ignore the reviews that say that the AI cheats.
,Recommended,236690,27860842,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jazara,Great game 10/10 :)
76561197987198027,Recommended,236690,27880032,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vuduukitz,it will make you cry... make you laugh...and you will try to punch yours screen...the most fun game i playd....:D
,Recommended,236690,27779449,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iceblade2000,Love this game
76561198059767442,Recommended,236690,27436886,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ServoPix,"Blood bowl is one of my favourite sporting games of all time.Blood bowl 2 is better.It take all the old mechanics of the 1st game and gives them a good polish to make it not only feel better but also play better. The smaller amount of free races is abit dissapointing but those that are there are amazing. If your a fan of warhammer or american football, this is the game for you"
76561198081880160,Recommended,236690,27578390,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Omnith of the Crimson Thunder,This is an awesome turn based strategy game! It's full of awesome customizability and is a blast to play with some friends.
76561198165105175,Recommended,236690,25543493,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Triheart,"I got this game on sale. I would say its a combination of Warcraft, American Football and chess with a shot of gambling thrown in. I'm working through the last missions of the campaign and while I dont know if I'll play beyond that I must say that while granted I got in on sell the game has delivered and I am pleased with my purchase. This game is alote to take in but the campaign does a good job of easing you into it. As someone who has never ever played a turn based RL board game before this was a really fun new experience. The retail price of 45 is large amount of casht to put down but if you can get it on sale during the holidays I would recommend it. You will get your 16 hours of the campaign alone easily, anything after that is gravy."
,Recommended,236690,25582044,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Enigmatic,"So far a well thoguht out game.  Finding playing strategeies and GUI shortcuts is reallky hard to find for some reason.  It seesm like the dice are rigged though.  I roll soe many skulls and 1s!  LOL.  Anyway, so far so good...really like gootball as a fantasy TBS type game."
76561198056883779,Recommended,236690,30130417,Posted: 23 February,all,Scooby's Doobies,Hard to learn at first but super awesome once you start getting it down learning where to position everyone I can't wait to try with some friends!
76561198310273528,Recommended,236690,30238697,Posted: 28 February,all,robbierichardson23,reall fun and easy to get into. has run smoothly for me so far. looking forward to expansion in the future.
76561198034655270,Recommended,236690,25583510,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,grimgrin4488,"I've extensively played Blood Bowl 1 Legendary, and in most ways this game is better. Better graphics, faster loading times, better cut scenes, better mutant models, better star player models. The AI is a little better, and in contrast to some of the negative reviews I've read the dice RPG not as bad as BB1 (IMHO). But I do miss Legendary's wider variety of team choices and cheerleader races. Fortunately they are adding more (founders are getting them free so far). The UI is different and some of the game rules but not any worse than BB1. Online matches are the best aspect of the game, but very hard on newbies."
,Recommended,236690,27598368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lunar,"Do you like football? No? doesnt matter. The main thing to ask is do you like board games? if you do then you may like this one. Tis a risk managment game more then anything, doing your best to keep the dice in your favor until nuffles eventual loss of interest in you and breaks your players spine for the lolsOverll the interface and looks are lightyears ahead of the original bloodbowl, though in teams its still far behind choas edition, but they're steadily working on fixing that.Id say take a look at cknoor, he posts plenty of games of bloodbowl2 so you can get  a look at it, and if you like boardgames id definatly pick it up, especially if its on sale"
76561197968268183,Recommended,236690,34825873,Posted: 8 September,all,Decado,The thing i love about Blood Bowl 2 is that even the best players can have runs of ridiculously bad luck where both players come together and have a laugh at the hilarity of it.Very underrated strategic sport game.
,Recommended,236690,20796280,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,✠Kaiser Junkrat✠,"Blood bowl is one the greatest games I have had the pleasure to play. Sadly, the game more often then not breaks, like when i tried to throw a multiple block and it only let me hit one target. Good game though."
,Recommended,236690,20799010,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Siafu,Good Introduction to the game.
,Recommended,236690,25539928,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,saxtot,"good strategy game and luck based raging may induce, which is good for a laugh, especially with a friend."
,Recommended,236690,30209161,Posted: 26 February,all,Tutore,Its like a turn based strategy fighter that has other ways of winning that are less fun.
76561198036250838,Recommended,236690,34771852,Posted: 6 September,all,ruud316,"Great game, better since the expansion as there is far more to do for single player, and now we have all the teams.New team editior for creating custom teams is good, although there should be a delete option because if you make a mistake you have to delete the player or team and start again, but a welcome addition.I'm not sure what difference the difficulty level really makes apart from it seems to make you roll an aweful lot of 1's on hard. It moves it's players ok, makes it more fun if you play as the more interseting teams like Goblins, Haflings or Ogres, with Skaven and Elves the AI can be thrashed.But at the end of the day....It's Blood Bowl end of conversation.Marks out of 10. 9/10"
76561197992212292,Recommended,236690,35519134,Posted: 6 October,all,TheWarlock,"A very fun game, provided you are a fan of turnbased games.Basically this is turn based american football, replacing the people with all kinds of races from the Warhammer franchise, and adding cool skills and rules.We are talking about chainsaws, fireballs, ko's and deaths.One important thing about my review is that I only play pve (in most games). So I haven't even tried the pvp and don't plan too either.+ pro's* Since the legendary update there is a very wide diversity among the teams. More single race teams, but also the chance to create mixed teams. This is really great and adds more depth in tactics on how to build your team.* Turn based. For me that's a huge plus, There is no stress you'll forget anything, you can easely pause the game too or you can change the time each turn takes so you have plenty of time. It's turn based strategy really.* Humor, it has plenty of humor in it.* The single player campaign is great and funny. It's a tutorial really, in a very entertaining way. After that you can create your own leagues.* Since the legendary edition, there are also more options in creating or joining leagues. From the eternal league to a tournament, your choice. Create it, or join it.* RPG aspect! This is what keeps you going. You get to level each player individually. After each injury they deal or touchdown they score you get points. After a certain amount you get level up, and you can give 1 skill to that player, untill his next level up. This is very exciting and allows you to build up a strong team from scratch, and also as you see fit.* Choices. It's really fun to create a mixed team as you want (almost), and then progress it towards what you want. You want a bashing team, or an elegant team that passes etc? perfectly possible.* Deaths and injuries are permanent. You can replace a player between matches, but you'll have to rebuild him and level again. And at one time, your favorite player WILL suffer an injury or death... It adds value to each player :)- Con's* RNG. Everything is decided by dice. From how much money you win each game, towards the pool of skills you get to choose from when a player has level up. The attacks, passes, blocks during the match: all dice and RNG. This isn't necessarely negative, but after the 5th match where the AI picks up every single ball and you can't pick up a single one without a reroll, you can get irritated. I know people state it's true RNG, but I'm telling you it isn't. the ai has 80% more chance of picking up the ball then you, same goes for dodging out of enemy zones. It's something you can take into consideration during the match though, but tbh it can be infuriating.* Slow. Because it is turn based, you can expect almost 1 hour per match. At least between 30 min and 1 hour.* Inducements. This is my only real frustration, and it controls the entire game. If you are thinking about making an uber team, levelling all your players and become the most OP team in the game world, you can forget that. Whenever a team is pitched against a stronger team (teams are rated based on level, powers, money) the weaker team gets inducements. This is a ton of money to buy incredibly strong ""powerups"" and/or star players (very strong players) for one match. Hence, if you power level everything, all your opponents will get a ton of inducements and trust me, they will faceroll you every single time. Thus, the key is to keep your rating low, sometimes by handicapping yourself. I find this extremely counter intuïtive and often irritating. It also negates a large chunk of the rpg part, why level up huh?* Last negative is that some teams are unbalanced. For example: the undead are OP. Especially the mixed undead. Whereas the halflings are so weak, it's a bonus round. Expect to have knocked out/killed the entire team during 1 match if you are pitched against them. Fun as that is, being pitched against undead will turn that around.All in all, I love the game, loved the first version too. And I can't stop levelling my teams and see how far they get. It is very much fun either way.7.5/10"
76561198137504669,Recommended,236690,32600664,Posted: 20 June,all,Four-Paws-Sly,"I haven't played a huge amount of the tabletop game - but this appears to be a pretty faithful adaptation of the original and is basically a really really violent form of american football where sometimes its more fun to smash your opponent into the ground than score!Good:-++Many teams (some sold separately) to cater to all different player types++The commentary between Bob and Jim is great - even after 100 hours of play still makes me smile++Great multiplayer community - helpful and plenty of online leagues++Solo Leagues - if you dislike playing with real people++Team Progression - watch your team improve with each match, feel the loss when one get killed. :(++World Cups and Championships - if you're really good, you can win moneyThe Not So Good:---A rather basic campaign (reasonably entertaining, but not great)Its currently my highest played game on Steam in turns of hours sunk into it - so that in itself should be a recommendation - the makers of this game have done a GREAT job and I think it was worth every penny!  :) :)"
76561198177112177,Recommended,236690,29617976,Posted: 31 January,all,rtagriffin,"So, you're interested in Blood Bowl. Let's start with the basics. I think a lot of reviews tread the same (not necessarily correct) ground. So, I thought I'd make my own.Blood Bowl is set in an alternate universe of Warhammer Fantasy, where instead of war all conflicts are solved through the titular sport Blood Bowl. In Blood Bowl you play as a coach guiding your teams through games. It plays like the unholy cross between turn based strategy and American football. It also has elements of persistence between games, you can build up you're bench, and/or, have your player get injured or skilled up.Onto the main question, why should I play Blood Bowl? It's truely a unique experience (and I don't use that lightly.) This is for two main reasons. First, the experience of training, playing with, and occasionally rebuilding your team is wildly different between races and even individual teams. This team might have a previously useless fodder of a zombie score a touchdown, get strength on a level up, and then become a star of your team. The next team's ogre could die to a foul the second game of the season and you could save and play well to make your team the favorite for the next season.If you've read other reviews you've probably heard some combination of three things: 1. ""It's just luck."" In Blood Bowl every action can fail. Usualy the closest thing to a guarantee you get is a 1/36. This can lead to similar experience to a competitive card game, trying to minimize risk and maximize reward. However due to the fact you have 11+ actions a turn, and most actions have a (very) small chance of permanently killing a player. This leads to a lot of people getting very salty, so if you have a propensity towards getting tilted, this may not be the game for you.2. ""Claw/Mighty Blow/Pilling On is broken."" The review section isn't really the place for balance complaints, unless it's totally game breaking. None of these are more prevalent than block or dodge. What people have an issue with is not the balance, but the fact that they help bashy teams get more injuries. It's easy to be tilted at claw when it gets you're star Dwarf killed by a Skaven.3. ""Just get Blood Bowl Chaos Edition."" This has a lot of validity. Let's look at pros and cons. Chaos Edition has more teams, and is less expensive. Because of this, I would recomend Chaos Edition if you are already familiar with Blood Bowl. However, Blood Bowl 2 has infinitly better and more useful U.I. If you want to learn the game, then you're are gonna have a lot easier time with Blood Bowl 2, than Chaos Edition, or even the physical game. In addition the team gap is shrinking, because more teams are still being released, but the price gap is getting bigger, at the same time."
76561198095865663,Recommended,236690,29832027,Posted: 10 February,all,SanicProGamer420,FeelsBadMan: The Game
76561198131121535,Recommended,236690,19757955,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Robbie Rob G,It's pretty cool and bloody
76561197993063646,Recommended,236690,19975719,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hairy Coo,"I usually don't write reviews, but I just have to help turn this wrong into right.In short, it is a great and addictive game, but to trully enjoy it you need to invest some time into learning it and be Zen about RNG.I would like to address some main negative review complaints:- My dice were bad, the game is based on luck, no fun yadayadayada -This is a hardcore unforgiving tactical strategy game with no save scumming option and RNG mechanics. You have to accept bad dice, they happen, and improve your gameplay so you dont have to roll a lot of dice at all.Thats said, the game is not for everyone, but it is a matter of taste, not a game problem.- Campaign and single player are boring/have issues, bugs -This is a multiplayer game. End of the line. It gets fun and addictive when you play and win (or lose) agaunst a real person. Play online, single player and campaign are for learning the ropes.- Multiplayer has bugs, crashes, etc -There were some problems in the begginning, mostly fixed by now. You can also return to the game withing 6 minutes after the crash (most of the time anyway). I'd say there are no gamebreaking issues at the moment. Some problems might be related to your particular PC.- Races as DLC! Price is too high -Yeah, it kinda sucks. But hey it is 60% off as I am writing right now and for 10 bucks it is a steal. Races as DLC - not good, but atleast next 3 races are free and to be honest there are enough of them if you are new to the game.- It is worse then BB1 -Well, less races yeah, I agree. But it is visually better and more newbe-friendly. It does not exactly deserve negative review for that, imhoThis is all I can think of at the moment, hope it helps.See you on the pitch!"
,Recommended,236690,32245729,Posted: 7 June,all,rene.olivo,"This game, at its core, is about managing risk. The dice will barely be in your favour, you'll have players dying by tripping or some random event. If you don't like games were your players die, or were dices seem unfair, this game is definitely not for you, and that's ok!!!If you, like me, enjoy mayhem  (even if you are the one suffering), you'll love this game. You'll laugh at all the unexpected situations. Like the time my ratman tripped and died whilst going for it on its way to exrcute a last turn foul on an elf.... good times.Multiplayer matches work as inteded and that's were you'll spend most of your time.I personally play against the cpu because matches tend to go for about an hour and I can't play for that long in one sit. If you are new to the game the cpu will seem fine, but after you get some experience you'll see it doing crazy things (like using a random player to pick up the ball instead of a sure hands one. As a programmer, I can't believe they have failed to fix these oddities.So in short:* if you like games were you die and were fate is against you, you'll love this one! (Otherwise avoid)* good for multiplayer if you can play for a whole hour with no pause.* single player is clunky. Apparently it will be better for the new edition, so maybe wait for that one.Extra: I wish I could choose the simplified rules when playing locally so I can teach my girlfriend :'("
76561197988955690,Recommended,236690,32889672,Posted: 27 June,all,Zomby,The commentators are great and even with RNG the game is still awesome. I recommend when on sale.
76561198056527425,Recommended,236690,20014052,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Breeze,"Many people complain about how there is a lack of content compared to blood bowl chaos edition, without paying attention. BBCE was not the first or the second BB game it was the third and everything it had in it came after years of development and two other games. Of course there is not as much stuff they changed engine and released it, in my opinion early, so that they could have more money for development. Other people complain about the dlc teams without also realizing that before you had to buy Legendary edition and later Chaos edition to get more teams. The devs do care, they recently added a lot of content that people wanted. They even announced that if you own the game you get the next 4 teams free. I would say that if you enjoy a strategy game where if you try and learn what you did wrong rather than blaming dice rolls you will win, then i would say buy it."
,Recommended,236690,20041568,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dnk338,Great Game!
,Recommended,236690,21397142,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Proskub,"I find myself returning to Blood Bowl: Chaos edition frequently because this game doesn't have enough races! I dont think you need nearly 30 by any means but even with the DLC it becomes repetative. All in all though, this is a polished well done game that is well worth the money. I have logged nearly 80 hours cumulatively between a friends ps4 and my pc. Very enjoyable game. I just wish it had more customization!EDIT:They keep adding teams! Thank god for awesome developers who (I think) really listen to criticism. Im glad they added some diverse and balanced teams. Great job! Also, they are free! Will definitely recommend!"
76561197970803240,Recommended,236690,20070237,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BloodBrow,"I've played the table top, the old dos version as well as Blood Bowl, Blood Bowl II is a sweet upgrade. The games are longer which is tedious, the time spent on the previous games were quicker. That said, its sweet. The graphics and action shots are nice. The commentary is improved and still gives me a chuckle when I have a moment to listen.I am eagerly looking towards the new races, my Undead :).The Current price is sweet and you will get the 4 new races when they come out. Double Sweet. I have the game, bought it day one. Really Really enjoy and give it 2 thumbs up."
,Recommended,236690,20299059,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Venachar,"This is the newest installment of the Games Workshop old and almost cult status board game Blood Bowl and if YOU want a TL;DR version I would say: If you like Blood Bowl this is the DEFINITIVE EDITION for digital media. To learn more, keep reading.The game have a much more robust single player experience in an campaign compared to the competitions of earlier installments. In Chaos Edition you slowly got into better and better leagues and slowly built your team up until you conquered the best of the best. In this installment you can create league play for singleplayer and play that for sure but the main fun for me was the story campaign. It tossed in gimmicks and things that is not part of the normal game and just made it FUN while teaching you the basics of the game so you know what you face online. It was corny, fun and interesting and took a while to get through before you got to the end of it all and I enjoyed it for what it was.Online is vivid, alive and thriving with a lot of teams spinning in the official endless league and is a good place to try a few teams, crash, burn and climb till you learn the ropes. You can watch cKnoor’s videos and tutorials, read on BBTactics and slowly just try things out here. But be warned, BB was not entirely meant for endless play and some teams like killer build Chaos roam the higher ladders and it's not that fun when you get past 1.6-2k Team Value due to this s***.The best place to play is probably in the private leagues. Joining a league like the Reddit one, Gman etc is where the fun is and the community, gaming and slow build up is part of the fun. It has less and almost NONE of the issues the endless league have and if nuffle is willing some of these leagues will adapt a way to play that make it fun for new and old players alike down the line.There are changes to the core gameplay in how some things interact, how some skills work, rebalancing costs on a few chars among other things. If you can look past that issue as well as the fact that there is not the boardgame or the board games many races this is THE version to play online. With the way the developers listen to feedback, change things to that feedback and give away free races for owners so far I would say that joining in on the fun is well worth the money invested.That said, If you are a player that can not STAND RNG making some games flat out unwinnable at times then well… you will only find rage and salt on this pitch. But hey, You get that luck later as it balance out… if nuffle is willing. It is also not a game that is easy to pick up and just play, it's brutal, hard and unforgiving so I STRONGLY advise that you look up how the game is played before you go too deep into online.Now lets get into the spirit of the game (clue is in the title)! LETS SEE SOME RANDOM VIOLENCE!"
76561197983766640,Recommended,236690,20358756,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Vidiotdragon,"Gladitorial rugby with races from a series I never cared about until I was introduced thanks to the Youtubers like Wowcrendor and Totalbiscuit when they played Blood Bowl 1. So far always being updated with better UI and clarity changes in menus with new races incoming with DLC.Great tactical dice rolling fun with a very malicious RNG. Players be warned, playing by yourself against an AI can be infuriating, but against friends or other in a League you're more likely to see them fail as much as you.Like Game of Thrones, don't think your star players are always going to survive. Death happens. You just have to accept that sometimes by taking another step your level 6 blitzer is gonna trip and kill themself."
76561198093703430,Recommended,236690,20368441,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Raging Bull,its prettier alot more clear how things go down its great. campagn is really good for a football game lol and amusing. the commentary is silly which is what i like all in all i find this game really satifying.mechanics are all still there and its not chopped up like the first one was.
76561198009697492,Recommended,236690,20516769,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jaxtor,"This version of blood bowl maintains all that I would expect of the game and matches it with a user friendly User interface and takes most of the math work out of the game for newer players. However making the right choices is still very important and those who don't may just find their favorite player splattered all over the pitch! Tons of fun and more races are coming out soon! This game is well worth the price tag, join a league or play random players either one will get you hours of fun!"
,Recommended,236690,20862134,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,põhjamaade boi,"This is a good blend of dicerolling, strategy and competetive play. Don't play if you hate losing because of luck. Each game takes about an hour of your time.I haven't played much of the single player campaign, but the AI seems to be pretty basic. That said, it tutorialises Blood Bowl really well."
76561198028328547,Recommended,236690,21356401,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Zardac the Great,"This game can be summed up in two words: Frustrating and Fun.This game throws both of these at you in abundance. As this is based on a board game, everything that happens is based on die rolls. Nuffle (n. from ancient entity called ""NFL."" God of dice and chance) is sometimes completely against you. I have lost games because of malevolent dice, but I have also won that way. Your players sometimes can't pick up the ball when it's just laying there on the ground not moving.That said, it's a strategy game that's loosely based on Football. And you get to play as Lizardmen (Note: DLC). You bite, kick, punch, and generally batter the other team into submission, then casually waltz into the end zone for a single point.       It's sort of like turn based Mutant-League Football, only more violent. And you get to play as Lizardmen.Also, for some reason, the plural form of Saurus in this game is Saurus. Oh well."
,Recommended,236690,21836891,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Alexander,"The only reason I bought this game is how it shows you when your opponent gets beaten up. And I dont have xbox or ps to play madden NFL.But it's unacceptable that there are only 8 teams you can choose from and the rest of the teams are paid DLC, most of which are still ''being developed.'' I would be playing Khemri team against my grand grandson's undead team.Hopefully"
76561198028786265,Not Recommended,236690,18183518,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Doug the Head,"This game is being left for dead, back to the old ways again.I really, really want to LOVE this game.. and I think that goes for everyone else who's a long time BB fan. But it seems the developers/publishers are doing the best they can to make us all disappointed. It could be so damn great, but alas, always coming up very short.Bucket list:- No armour upgrades (building your team is a big deal, you want to love your team!)- Some player animations look re-used from BB1- All teams should have their own stadiums.- No hall of fame screen for past or dead players - they just retire and never be seen again- Team UI screens is horrible, lacking stats, looks thrown together by a developer.- Cheerleaders are the same for everyone- Lacking in team logos/team colors (why can’t we pick some colors, add a logo perhaps, more customization)- Blood bowl is all about customization.. add as much of this as possible! silly hats, extra weapons, team colors/home ground advantages..- Does not feel like a complete game without goblins and halflings.- Adding pitch hazards to your games like the broken helicopter in the campaign- dev’s excuses are not great, I think that after 2+ years of development this game would be so much further down the line.If another developer had made this game, I would imagine that at launch the customization for teams and players would be huge. Almost too much!You want to own the team and make it yours, not just another chaos team with black color like everyone else.."
76561198022311003,Recommended,236690,22187843,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ZappBrannigan,"The community has a lot of mixed feelings about this one, and I can see why. It does feel kind of unfinished compared to BB1, but at the same time it has a number of great improvements imho. It's still blood bowl and it looks great, plus the ui is much improved for those who are new to the bitter kisses of nuffle. I personally think that it is worth the purchase, but it may take awhile for it to feel like a fully polished blood bowl game. I personally have faith that the developers will pull it off, though. Their decision to release 4 teams for free really boosted my opinion of them as well.I give this one a cautious recommendation.8/10"
76561198008618698,Recommended,236690,20029146,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cransen1,Great game!
76561198035208677,Recommended,236690,20081876,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,whole_slaughter,"You want a singleplayer carrier? Stick with BB 1. You want better graphics, overall look and multiplayer carrier? Stick with this one. Nice game, worth the money."
76561198024717729,Not Recommended,236690,35458755,Posted: 3 October,all,low.cash,"It would be a good game if it was actually possible to find other players to play against. The only regular people who play this have very high skill level. So, you wait 10 minutes to find a match, but then find out that the guy you're playing against is the GenCon champion or something. Even with handicap, it's impossible to win. So, you wait 10-15 minutes to play just to get wiped. And, since the matches can take a long time - an hour or so, you just end up looking at half of your dead team and wishing that you'd quit at the beginning.The interface design is the problem. It's not entirely clear how to start a multiplayer match. You have to create a team and then join a league. The way to do this isn't obvious (a big step down from the previous version, which wasn't great). But, then most of the leagues are dead, anyway.Games Workshop would have done much better if they'd licensed this game to a more polished game development studio. Cyanide has shown repeatedly that they produce low-quality games. Cyanide should at least invest in some interaction designers who can produce user interfaces that actually make sense. It's like these guys outsourced the UI to some junior high kids with aspergers."
76561198082699452,Recommended,236690,20611026,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,EJ,"My favorite version yet despite not having enough teams to choose from. I appreciate the additions they've added to the game but like so many others wish they had provided a complete game before adding things like stadium add ons etc. Hoping for good support that will last long enough to round out the game to as close to complete as possible.Wishlist...1. I should be able to assign any number from 0-99 to each player.2. I should be able to edit stats for players in offline mode so I can input my real life teams.3. Make it a bit less clunky, I make a few mistakes each game due to the somewhat unwieldy interface.Overall score: 72/100"
76561198082256592,Recommended,236690,19893999,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JadedSandman,great and fun game
76561198006525664,Recommended,236690,29412935,Posted: 21 January,all,Crazy Goblin,I love this game. It is a big improvement over the first edition.However it is not without its little bugs.The addition of new teams is great although USD$6.99 is just a tad too much IMO.The multiplayer is fun and the ability to watch live games is great. I’m in a league at the moment with 8 friends and the opponent selection process takes way to long for just 8 players.All in all this game is polished and fun.
,Recommended,236690,24659124,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Poopsock,is pretty good
76561198051040139,Recommended,236690,21678565,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,stoneworks,I am new to blood bowl and have never played the previous games.I am having a blast playing this  game.I honestly don't understand all the negative reviews.
76561198071522880,Recommended,236690,21186558,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,wuzlking,Question: Where do you find the largest source of salt in the world?A) The Dead SeaB) In the oceanC) Blood Bowl 2If you think you have the right answer please write it with your address on a goblin back and give the goblin to one of our trustworthy mail-trolls. The winner gets a free dinner with a kroxigor.
,Recommended,236690,20905578,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,FallenDeity,"Very fun, flawed but very fun. The game relies a bit too much on luck but its still a lot of fun. Don't understand all the hate."
,Not Recommended,236690,18705683,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GrooveGladiator,"I have 3 Bloodbowl games in my Steam Library. I bought BB II, thinking they finally added all the goodies that Chaos edition lacked. But alas. The game play is unbalanced, slow and sluggish. The new  player cards they use make it harder to manage  and view your team than the old list, the market to buy and sell players does not work. There is no usable community hub in game to challenge other coaches or chat about a match afterwrads.All the teams from the Chaos editon are missing, and the player vs AI mode is lame compared to older versions. I feel like I got completely ripped off buying this game and I am super angery at the dev's for marketing this pos. I love Bloodbowl, this game could be so, oh so awesome, but it's not. It sucks to play, load, communicate, do basic anything, you can't even view a full picture of your entire team. Its just plain stupid and annoying."
,Recommended,236690,31611984,Posted: 7 May,all,Vindicta,"If you get incredibly frustrated with cheating AI and extreem disadvantage, this isnt the game for you...  The game is supposed to be a mixture of total luck and skill, however if you play against AI, skill means toss all...  you can make all the right moves but down to incredible ""luck"", the AI will pretty much always come out on top. When playing against other IRL players, a game can be evenly sided, with each team having a real chance of winning, but when playing against the AI, you will consistantly feel underpowered, noticing that the AI will get all the perfect dice rolls when it counts, while you get none.I thought the RNG of Mordheim and Xcom were bad, but this pushes it to whole new level of unbalanced when versing Ai apponents. All in all its not a bad game, if you have people to play with then its great, if youre buying it purely for single player fun, you wont have fun. I both recomend the game and dont if that makes sense?"
,Recommended,236690,19791849,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DanteFaustus,"Meh, not sure yet. In game pop up windows cover the block dice. Really? No campaign for non humans? Really? And all this work to recreate a game that you are adding controller support to and no local couch multiplayer? sigh, but it looks good....And now the shop mini grab for customizations?http://store.steampowered.com/app/236690/#This might make it it we shall see...."
76561198005508639,Recommended,236690,19925815,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,krikeel,I palyed the last one and i think is just as cool. I have had fun so i will gove it a thumbs up. :)
,Not Recommended,236690,19981642,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KevinStorm,"Unless graphics are an absolute deal-breaker AND you intend to only play multiplayer, save your money and get BB1 Chaos Edition.  There is still a multiplayer community, it has many more races to choose from, and most importantly to me, it actually has a single player game worth playing.  BB2's single player experience is practically non-existent.  You can create a custom league or play a story mode, but the career mode from BB1 is gone--and that was my favorite part of the game.  The devs clearly only cared about multiplayer."
,Recommended,236690,34820895,Posted: 8 September,all,Martinez,"I highly recommend Blood Bowl 2 , so much salt.... :D"
,Not Recommended,236690,19764789,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Malkavian,"There is absolutely 0 reason to buy this right now. Chaos Edition has all the races and features, while this has HD grass that will make your computer lag. There is NO DIFFERENCE between the games themselves outside of cosmetic and stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥because at the end of the day the tabletop Blood Bowl rules are what they are, and that's what you are craving to play. You aren't craving HD graphics or all this fluff... Oh and the races that are in the game are the most generic ones, but to each their own I guess. Just know as far as actual features that relate to the actual game of Blood Bowl go, this is a complete downgrade and the price tag is a JOKE considering what you'll have to pay to get the rest of the races.If you buy this now, you will have to buy every expansion they will milk over the next few years... And in 2017 you will have paid a stupid amount to get what you could've had in 2013 for significantly less $$... Of course without the features you were dying to see such as: the camera annoyingly zooming in for no reason, the UI being worse, the players themselves looking just as wonky as they did with the old graphics, the game being significantly slower...Go directly to the Blood Bowl: Chaos edition page and purchase. The only actual downside is this game obviously has a lot more people playing online, but still I really only have to wait 3 minutes max to find an opponent on Chaos edition"
76561197972316807,Not Recommended,236690,28852336,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[OFc] Legato,Be aware even in a solo league against AI if it drops connections at the end of the match your game won't count for your league.... but it wont tell you just nothing will happen... much like FIFA's servers... sort it out tbh
76561198376071572,Recommended,236690,30666460,Posted: 22 March,all,jayhircock7,Joined Steam for Blood Bowl 2. Not disappointed.
,Recommended,236690,20980813,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Saninsince992,"Still lacking a lot of content and options, but is otherwise the best version of Blood Bowl on PC. With future updates this could be something great."
76561197979753277,Recommended,236690,18243598,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Eldril Sidewinder,"Haven't tackled multi-player yet, and I'm really enjoying the game (Updated)Enjoyed the campaign since I'm new to the series and it's a tutorial on the game.   I very much recommend the game as I venture into multi-player.  No it's not balanced, and yes it has random rolls but it is very strategic.They will add teams over time and correct the few bugs in the game.For those of you that despise the RNG of the game.  Great games such as backgammon do have a random element, and is the best comparison rather than a game of chess where a superior oponent will always beat an unskilled one.  I do think there is surprising depth so you 'mitigate' those chances of failure so that you stand a very good chance of beating an unskilled oponent.  Some teams do match up poorly versus others as in real football (which this is clarly 'NOT').  If you don't enjoy randomness in the game, this isn't for you.  After 100 hours I'm starting to learn that the ruleset is more complex than I first thought, and I keep learning to improve my game.  It soes suck to play better than an opponent, and suffer bad luck-- but sometimes you do get lucky at the last second to win and tie versus an opponent much better than you.  Over time, it does even out.  Although not for everyone, this is a great turn based strategy game best played against other players.  As a side note, each race is distinct and plays differently which adds replayability to the game.I'm now an avid fan."
,Recommended,236690,26449540,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,amadeushopkins,"I have been watching this game for a while on You Tube so I knew what it was when I got it. I just picked it up for $14 it was totally worth it. I enjoy the aspects of playing it. it's more of a time waster for me than anything else. I haven't played against another person yet, I'm still trying to understand the nuances of the game. If you like Blood Bowl the table top I would say this is pretty good, Not super awesome , but pretty good. Also the Lizard-men are worth the purchase. I don't know about the other races yet I haven't gotten them... don't know if I will unless they drop the price on them a bit."
76561197970773304,Not Recommended,236690,18312991,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fraggel,"Not worth the full price.Heres why:- The animations are noot good. Clumsy orcs, dirt flying like in a rally racing game, the players are waving when selected like theyre need to be picked for schools lacross team or smth...  just makes the game look ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ somehow.- Few animations and even fewer models. This point is mentioned in other reviews i think. Why would you spend time and manpower on animating the casterdesk in the friggin menue, when the lack of animations and models INGAME is obvious?- Poor response to input, bugs while targeting/clicking n stuff. This isnt a shooter, nothing rly suprising is going to happen in terms of UI and inputs, but with a response on clicking this poor (having to deselct and reselct all the time) this game makes the standart 2 minutes turns the REAL challenge in multiplayer mode.- UI teammanagement is still anoying. there is  always one submenu more, for no reason. Just put everything you need to see about a team on ONE PAGE wtf. Even console users can read a little bit of text once in a while. Creating a team is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ ending up deleting and restarting way to often. I dont want to get used to how it works -> it should work the first time anyway.So for the good stuff:- Its BB. I mean its BB... But that credit goes to Games Workshop.- Graphics are better then in BB1. Cool huh? But this isnt really an achievement come to think of the years between the two games.- Disconnecting issues seem to be fixed. But again thats just something that shouldnt have been nessesary in the first place.- Some annoying UI stuff from the first game is fixed.Finally:- I wont rant about missing teams, thats just how BB1 started and it happy endet for that means.- So we trade bugfixes und network and UI and Graphics update for a sloppy, annoying UI and poor animations.= Not a good job by the developers, rather dissapointing.If you like BB youll prob get it anyways like me but youll prob feel like have spend to much money (like me)oh yea, before i forget: No woodelves because i was short on money that month with the pre-order sale? Thats worth flipping a finger to cyanide!"
76561197971174522,Not Recommended,236690,18248699,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Cethrie,"Too many negatives, and just not enough positives.Negatives:* So few models, fans all human, cheerleaders all human, etc...* Only player faces can be changed (and there is like 3 per type).* Saving setups is useless, the players are not placed in same positions.* Woeful AI (it still can't pass the ball using passing teams).* Dice stacking, always in favour of the AI to ensure that it remains even moderately competitive.* Performance, at best substandard, but its clearly very poorly optimised.* Campaign, utterly terrible, the fact its only humans, even worse.* AI leagues very limited.* Game centred solely around multi player* No additional features (new skills, expanded skills, skills or skill sets made more balanced).* etc...Positives* None really. I feel ripped off in every way."
76561198256461029,Recommended,236690,18684787,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,charleshnolan,"Good funI have almost played 200 hours of this game now and I'm still enjoying it a lot.Discovering more all the time, I have still really only played with 4 teams (human, Orc, Wood Elf & Dark Elf). THis leaves me loads more to see and do.Well worth the Money"
,Not Recommended,236690,18561203,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CoKane Dealer,"Take a chance elsewhere.Its hard to rate a game where almost every single action is purely based on chance. After 10 hours, I guess I rolled poorly as I simply cannot find myself enjoying it. The campaign, while although intially enjoyable, becomes tedious as its solely Human focused, so unless you enjoy playing that race, an entire game mode is effectively wasted. However, it does serve its point in being a basic introduction to the mechanics of Blood Bowl, so keep that in mind if you are a new player.Graphically, the game is actually rather poor. I have quite the high end rig (i7-5820, 32gb 2400MHZ RAM, Titan X running off SSD) and this game gives me the option of either having 60+ fps at high detail on UHD, or sub 50fps at Ultra on the same resolution. Which is odd, as it basically looks rather shoddy with repeating animations, no real variation in character models/cheerleaders/spectators. GTA5 and MGS5 run significantly better while looking better.At the end of it all though, it comes down to how much you can favour chance. Nuffle is a harsh God to worship, and I have apparently offered poorly, as his favour towards me in this game is considerably lacking. Team unbalance is rampart at all levels of play (Chaos feel particularly weak all round, while Dwarves can do no wrong), and the match making currently will queue new teams with hardcore seasoned veterans.Honestly, wait for the full game to be released (all teams, all models updated, all stadiums added, etc) before purchasing this. You can simply chance your money elsewhere and be better for it."
,Recommended,236690,23772612,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nosedive53,"Matchmaking sucks monkey balls, but  everything else about it is fantastic."
76561198035520430,Recommended,236690,28113303,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RUSSEL COITUS,It's alright
,Recommended,236690,32712391,Posted: 23 June,all,DrRainbowPants,One of the best games that Games Workshop has made. Really fun strategy game with a really cool progression system. Once you get the basic mechanics down it gets pretty complicated. Slight bit of rng but you wont lose just because of rng.
76561197987708003,Not Recommended,236690,18422173,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Csombi,"The game itself is pretty unbalanced and unforgiving. It would takes months to learn good strategy and everyone online gleefully brutalizes new players and taunts them viciously while doing so. There are mp good resources for learning the game. Don't listen to anyone who tells you to go to BBTactics or any other site, they're all years old and never updated. The community is not very good or gracious. Add to that that trhe RNG for the game is dreadfully broken and over the course of dozen of games I tracked my rolls and consistently experienced highs and lows FAR outside the normal distribution of numbers. I suspect the programmers designed the game to swing wildly instead of have a fair and balanced distribution. The graphics are nothing special, but that isn't the point of the game. The 'commentary' is repetitive and boring, you'll hate it after your 3rd match. You will see the same 3 or 4 teams in multi-player over and over and over again because the game so strongly favors these teams that the only reason to play anything else is if you enjoy watching it get killed. When the game makes matches it will pair you with teams that are as much as double your value and give you 'inducements' to 'even' the board. They do not. Your entire team will be massacred by a gloating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the other side. Hope you had fun with that. This happened to me twice within my 2 week play period."
,Not Recommended,236690,24633386,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[TPF] Lord Tyyranus,"So, even tough the review is marked as negative it's not gonna be a rant on the game. The game, even tough it's far from complete, is fine. Let's do a quick pros and cons before the analysis:PROS- The game is as we always knew it, no big changes in the rules or anything- No blitz mode- Visuals are nice (even tough they are not last gen nice)- The cabalvision thing is well implemented and funny- Stadiums are awesome- Races are released at a good paceCONS- The pricing model is aweful- Very few team and players customization (major con to me)- LOTS of leavers online for no real reason- Developers really don't seems to listen to the community- Major Races haven't even been announced (Khemri, Goblins, Vampire Counts)- There's a in-game currency, but you can't do much with it aside buying team colours- Overall feels incompleteThat pretty much sums it all up. I've been playing BB since the first game came out, and always had a blast with it. The reason why I'm giving it a bad review is because, at full price, right now it's not worth the money. I just got it on the 66% sale and so far I'm happy with it, and I also got the Lizardmen DLC (always been a fan of them), but at full price plus a 7 bucks DLC? No way man. They made some improvements from the last one like the 45 degrees camera angle, the HUD being flashier and telling you the dices results, some thing are still kinda the same (like the AI, like seriously? They said getting a better AI was one of their main focuses and it's still the same crap), and some are worse, mainly the Players not getting new gear as they level up, the Season mode il less captivating, and the AI still ♥♥♥♥s your dice throws pretty clearly.Overall I'd say: if you are a long time BB fan and you've played the past games, wait for a good sale and get this; if you never played BB and you don't care much about graphics get Chaos Edition"
76561197963998096,Not Recommended,236690,34832385,Posted: 9 September,all,Gogopher,"this game is better than its bb1 in every way save:1-no single player save feature...i mean wtf this one HUGE failure coupled with the next fail almost ruins this game2-worst RNG of any game i have ever played...and i do mean the worst...as in it sucks so bad it is not uncommon to see the ai make 6 single dice block rolls in a row...dodge attempts that would and will blow ur mind...6+ interceptions are not rare they are the new norm for the ai...all the while u are lucky if u can successfully throw a block with 3 dice...and no im not exagerating...i once counted the ai block rolls of single dice...7 successful ones in row to 4 pushbacks for me with 2+ dice...the capstone to that event was 3 skulls as my 5th roll...needless to say that game got alt+f4 real quickthere is simply no excuse that can be offered to how terrible the RNG is...especially without a way to save the game...its worse than any ironman mode game i have ever played...and the truely tragic thing is..the game absolutely rocks in those few matches (say one out of 10...again not exagerating) where the RNG mostly balances out...hopefully the devs fix this issue...optimal fix...normalize the RNG and add a save game feature...acceptable fix...add a save game featuredo not purchase in current state under any circumstances...u will absolutely hate the frustration u get when u play and have RNG fail to the point where a mixed chaos dwarf/black orc team is lying on the ground after the first turn against an ai halfling team (like 9 of 11 players all either on the ground-dead-ko'd-or stunned...i kid u not) wait till they announce a patch with either a single player save game feature, RNG fix, or better bothtldr: if u owned bb1 the RNG is in this game is at least twice as bad and there is no single player save feature to help compensate"
,Not Recommended,236690,34799019,Posted: 7 September,all,Squids have curves,"I wish there was a review between the thumbs up and the thumbs down.The gameplay itself is solid, free of bugs and there's Skavens!!!BUTThe AI is dumb as a bag of bricks and it result in flawless victories for you achieved without any effort, which makes the game repetitive very fast and this ruins everything.That problem is not an issue if you're mainly an online player though, IF you find people to play with.I asked for a refund, BB1 is just as good after all and the AI is slightly less bad."
76561198085158879,Not Recommended,236690,29254558,Posted: 14 January,all,broystheebb,Compared to Blood Bowl Chaos Edt this is a dissapointment. Cost cutting issues for me and no ability to save play from my observation unless you reach the end of a game. From what i can see most of the badness talked about in other reviews is still there.
76561198084522655,Recommended,236690,22472178,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PSYbuse,"Blood Bowl 1 has been one of my favourite games to play with a friend. It's only flaw was the lack of multiplay in season mode. So I've been waiting anxiously for BB2. Now that I've played it for about 60 hours, I have a mixed feeling with it.The game is basically Blood Bowl 1 with updated graphics and multiplay. That isn't a bad thing. BB1 already had everything in place. First complaint comes from single player campaign, as you can play it only with human team. After playing through the campaign, I started coaching my own team online. And there was the games' major problem. I had bought the game and both DLC teams, so I knew the team options are going to be limited. In fact, it almost crippled the whole game. I really miss the Norse or Amazon teams, as those were my favourite in BB1. Also, knowing that I have to pay even more in future to get more teams pisses me off.If you liked BB1 as a game, youre gonna like BB2 also. So ask yourself which is more important to you:1) Lots of different teams to choose from, but multiplaying only as hotseator2) Improved graphics and possibility to play online, but (very) limited selection, of different races/teamsIf you chose option 1, I suggest you continue playing BB1 and wait BB2 discount offer . If you chose option 2 and don't mind paying extra for more teams, go ahead and buy this game.*If you are an experienced Blood Bowl player, you may want to add me.. ;)"
76561198012941962,Recommended,236690,18165274,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sephorin,"Turn Based Arena Football With Fantasy Races and RNGBlood Bowl 2 is one of the best games I have played in a while. I think we can all agree that running around a football field with teams full of fantasy races bashing each other while trying to score touchdowns is simply an awesome premise. The game is turn based, which I love, and it involves quite a bit of dice rolling, which makes each match unique and unpredictable. The ""turnover"" mechanic is brilliant. If you fail an action during your turn and one of your players gets knocked over, then your turn immediately ends.This leads to nailbiting choices like: ""Yes, if I make this risky block, I'll score a touchdown. But if my player falls over instead, then my opponent will be in a good position to score. Do I wait for a better opportunity next turn? Or do I go for it now?""StrategyThere is real strategy to be had here. Manage your odds. Do everything that is safe first in case your rolls go south and end your turn. Learn how to set up block strings and use the all-important once-per-turn ""blitz"" move. Don't make unnecessary dice rolls. Your strategy will also vary greatly depending on which race you choose to play. Dwarves? Bash up your opponent's players and watch as they are carried off the field on stretchers. High Elves? Look for tiny openings in your opponent's defense and exploit them with your high agility, speed, and passing skills.GraphicsThe art direction and graphics are first rate. I don't think I'll ever get tired of seeing my ogre (I named him ""Slurple"") smack down the opposing players. I still laugh out loud when someone fails a ""Go For It"" roll and goes tumbling to the ground and fumbles the ball. The prat falls and the accompanying sound effects are *perfect*. The person who designed this really knows their stuff.The two commentators in the game (Bob and Jim) make me chuckle as well. When my ogre is lying prone on the ground, tries to get up, but misses his ""intelligence"" roll and goes nowhere, then one of the announcers might claim ""I've seen *mushrooms* that look smarter than that.""StabilityThe game is rock solid stable. I have not seen even one crash or freeze up during the 63+ hours I have been playing. I did encounter two bugs involving player lineups and gold inducements, but these were fixed very quickly.In the future, I think I would like to see more robust league creation options, as well as an easier way to see what skills players have on the field. The negative reviews I have read are written either by veterans of Blood Bowl 1 who dislike the fact that some of their favorite features are not in the game, by people who do not understand how randomness works, or by people who feel the game is too expensive. Note that there will be additional teams added to the game, but you will need to purchase them at about $7 each if you would like to play as them. The base game comes with eight teams.In any case, I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend Blood Bowl 2 to anyone who might enjoy turn-based strategy with RNG meshed with football in a high fantasy world.Please follow this link if you are a new player and would like to read some helpful guides:http://forum.bloodbowl-game.com/viewtopic.php?f=61&t=5500"
76561197998365702,Recommended,236690,18352143,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Laurent134,"I'm going to start this review by admitting that I never played the original Blood Bowl. I own it, and I always wanted to like it, but the seeming overcomplexity of the system kept me from ever getting into it.Blood Bowl 2 was pretty much the perfect game for me. The UI is clean, simple and easy to understand. The games are pegged at a nice length (usually around 40 minutes for me) and the solo league experience provides enough of a challenge for me as a new blood bowl player to be entirely engrossing. There are a large number of teams (currently eight), though hardcore blood bowl fans will probably be disappointed by the selection. More will almost certainly be released as DLC, but at the $45 price point that's frankly to be expected.TLDR: If you're interested in a turn based strategy game with a fantasy sports twist this is certainly a game for you. If you're on the fence, or if you're a hardcore blood bowl fan you're probably better served waiting for a sale."
,Not Recommended,236690,34809998,Posted: 8 September,all,Farkas,ai freezes during their turn on a regular basis.
76561198098536583,Not Recommended,236690,22375675,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,HeyItsBigBear,I loved this game but with DLC coming no where in the near future and a nonexsist communication from the devs this game has really gone down hill. With no new content for the past 6 months the game gets stale very quickly. I would wait if you are thinking about buying this game until the devs show a little more commitment to their product...
76561197970349059,Recommended,236690,18225876,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Brave Ser Flibble,"I would like to start this review by saying one thing, if you are the type of gamer who hates games with dice rolling and gets angry when things don't go your way then DO NOT buy this game.  This game is very dice heavy and until you learn the rules and how to play properly you will make a lot of mistakes and end up blaming your losses on the dice rather than your own lack of knowledge of the games rules.  However if you like the idea of a complex dice based sports game and don't mind learning the rules then this is the edition to start with.The main improvements this game has over the first Blood Bowl are the graphics and the UI, the original game was well known for its awful interface that left new players scared and confused while this one makes it much easier for new players to see the chances of success on things like dodges and ball pick ups.  And quite honestly that is all that this has over the original game, this isn't really that bad a thing as the UI was a serious issue but I feel like more could have been improved such as the multiplayer league system which now has less options that in the first game.Other things I would like to see improved is the single player AI, in the first game it was woeful and to be honest it is no better in this version.  I have yet to lose a game against the AI and haven't even conceded a single touchdown against it yet.  While this may be good for newer players as it gives them a pretty much braindead AI to practice against it would have been nice to be able to have a challenging single player mode for once.  The multiplayer is still where the meat of the game is and it remains much the same although they have removed the MP lobby that you could use to chat with fellow players before your game and arrange matches etc.The number of teams the game was released with is also a bone of contention for some players as it only has 8 plus the two you got from pre-ordering which is far, far less teams than Blood Bowl Chaos Edition has.  This will eventually sort itself out though as Cyanide have said they will be releasing teams as DLC, this is something I am fine with as long as they pricing of said DLC isn't over the top but I know some people hate DLC so much that it ruins games for them so I thought I should mention it.  However the teams the game comes with should be plenty to suit most players but I would have liked to have had the Undead team in there as part of the base races.There are also still quite a few technical issues still with the game, it causes my graphics card to overheat and crashes the PC unless I use a frame limiter to limit myself to 30fps which I am not okay with and others have reported similar issues with the overheating in this game while other games run fine.  I have also experienced the black screen bug where your screen just goes black but the game is still running fine, you just can't see it.  As for the in game options menu, it is worfully inadequate, you cannot play in fullscreen at all only borderless windowed mode, which is pretty much the same but seems a bit of an oversight.  The graphics options are practically non existent as well, simply choosing from Low to Very High with no advanced options at all.  While I am sure that these things will be patched you may want to hold off for now if these sound like major issues for you.I realise that this review reads quite negatively but I do truly enjoy this game and I think that in a few months time with patches and new races being added it will be the best version but it still doesn't quite edge out the first game yet as they have removed features we liked and added a few things that nobody asked for and some that just make it plain worse (player ageing in leagues?)  Honestly though if you are a brand new player who wants to get into Blood Bowl then buy this edition as it is far more user friendly and better looking to boot.  If you are already a seasoned Blood Bowl 1 coach though I would recommend holding fire until they have fixed the worst bugs and maybe added some more teams, though if you are playing for multiplayer you will probably have to buy it anyway since I expect it has already massively reduced the number of people playing the first!"
,Recommended,236690,18334279,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Games Played Badly,"Lock your doors and turn off your phones sports fans, it's time for Blood Bowl! The game that mashes American Football with Warhammer and ends up with comical results.First up, I adore Blood Bowl so this review will be a bit biased.Pros:-UI has been polished up from the original title.In game commentary is more entertaining.Currently available teams are well balanced against each other.Teams are persistent, no more rebuilding a team for each league you enter.New Bretonnian team.Cyan implimenation could be interesting if used purely for cosmetics as announced.Cons:-End Turn button located in an awkward area means you can sometimes misclick before you get used to it.Selecting a player at the edge of the screen can sometimes be a chore due to the player information popups.Single player campaign is a glorified tutorial.No more multiplayer hotseat function.Leagues have a tendency to be dominated by Clawpomb Chaos teams.Only a handful of teams available at launch.Two teams hidden behind a pre-order wall.Yes, I know the con list is slightly larger than the pro list. However, most of the cons are minor issues to me and I will continue to rack up the hours on this game."
,Not Recommended,236690,23961653,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nivlaps,"OK, so the premise for BB2 is pretty simple. You have a great, tested and proven game system to translate into a decent UX/UI experience and add some 3D fluff to. And while BB2 looks nice, the interface is clumsy, the gameplay a bit unelegant and there's little bugs everywhere that ruin the experience;- Why does the AI keep taking down random players rather than defending?- Why does the game sometimes fail to recognise a player standing in the end zone for a TD?- Why is it so frustrating trying to work out how to buy team assets the first time one plays?It's a pretty bad rendition of BB guys, sry. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,236690,18152485,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rhaegor,"An upgrade to Bloodbowl 1 which is long overdue.  I am very happy with the game except for the lack of teams, but they will come in DLC eventually.  Game is good IMO and I love Bloodbowl.An update to my review months after release.  Cyanide has squandered time and have not released any new teams.  The game is all but dead now.  I really hate Cyanide for ruining digital Bllod bowl.  They are terrible French developers that do not listen or communicate.  My recommendation is now a thumbs down."
76561198005701362,Recommended,236690,18199547,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Beagle [GB],Great game if you learn how to play it
,Recommended,236690,29427624,Posted: 22 January,all,XenoRoss,"Blood Bowl is one of those games which I've been close to buying on sale on numerous occasions in the past, as it has intrigued me since I was young.It is based on a reasonably complicated 30 year old board game of the same name, which is a Games Workshop property set in its fantasy universe. The entire single player campaign essentially serves as a thorough tutorial to introduce the player to the rules, whilst carrying a fairly barebones story with some occasional amusing game modifiers to keep things interesting (such as things crashing on to the pitch, star-players or other characters joining the fray, or adverse weather conditions).This means you come away from the campaign with the confidence to try out the competitive online features, although for me all it did was lessen the absolute thrashing I got when I tried my first PvP match.The only criticisms I have for Blood Bowl 2, is that it would have been great if each of the other races besides human (including the DLC teams) had their own mini-campaigns to introduce the player to their subtle differences. Otherwise, thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,236690,29533557,Posted: 27 January,all,Cydereal,"Faithful reproduction of the board game. Good production value, and very fun! If you like turn based strategy, sports, and Warhammer's brand of hijinks, this is for you."
76561198002450835,Recommended,236690,29421710,Posted: 22 January,all,Nutlaw,"Despite it not being much different from the first incarnation of the series, I enjoyed this one, mostly because Blood Bowl is a great strategy/sports sim hybrid. It's very rewarding to grow and shape your team over time, and the randomness inherent in everything doesn't make you feel too badly when things go wrong.The two main improvements over the past version are the graphical improvements, which are mildly nice, and the single player story mode, which was a pleasant surprise. Fairly amusing story, mostly narrated by the announcers, with a lot of interesting quirks laid out in the majority of the matches to spice things up.I had been concerned over an apparent lack of modes, but even after finishing the campaign, the league options available for continued single player play are varied enough to let me develop a team long-term. You can never go wrong with a promotion/relegation system.The price to allow you to play as new races is clearly criminal at this point, but the fact that you can still compete against them dulls the pain slightly."
,Recommended,236690,32749415,Posted: 24 June,all,Charm to Cure Curse of Charm,"Feeling unlike any other when it all comes together. Just regular anger when it all falls apart, though"
,Recommended,236690,29826967,Posted: 10 February,all,Stonefall,"Good game, sometimes frustrating cause of dice rolls but a really good making of from the table game.It's not really focused on singleplayer, for the multiplayer you have a lot things you can do.So for all Warhammer fans its a must have for sure. Also casual gamers will have fun with it.For all new guys who don't know the game i recommand to look some Videos of the gameplay.You have to bring Time cause a match can go 1h+7/10"
,Recommended,236690,18248170,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Qwrk13,"I've been playing this quite a lot since release, and I think I've played enough to be confident in making a review.The UI is much better than in Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition. There's a couple of things that could be nicer - hovering over a unit should show the card next to the cursor as opposed to the side, because it can be quite inconsistent as to which one it shows the details of. The settings leaves a fair bit to be desired too - I'd like to disable the subtitles for the commentators, because I have them muted. I'd like more of a choice for which cutscenes I see and which I don't see. I'd like to be able to see a longer history of the roll log. The UI is quite intrusive at times, with the top part covering up the block dice at times. Quite often the camera adjusts itself to an angle that I don't like, so I have to keep readjusting it manually.Other than that, I think it's a great game and definitely worth buying. I'd like to see a mode where you can have a one-off non-friendly game (SPP and injuries enabled) with a friend instead of having to make a league. Killing your friend's best players is a fantastic time investment, go for the 8-player foul."
,Recommended,236690,18252008,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Hatemachine,Praise to the dice gods.
76561198076344092,Recommended,236690,20190261,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Another Iconoclast,"Blood Bowl 2 is a fantastic platform for playing a very good board game. The game in question has been around for about 20 years and has evolved over that time in response to all of the playtesting it has received -- it's a polished game. This implementation is pretty good; fewer bugs than BB1 with a nicer user interface, more star players, more focused on the board game element and with prettier graphics. No complaints here! Furthermore this game is being actively developed -- I don't just mean the DLC additional teams, the developers are tweaking the interface and responding to suggestions by the community. Always good to see!"
76561197980739060,Not Recommended,236690,19320267,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,iggyfiggy,used to love blood bowl but this version just doesnt work for a whole game just crashes and they dont seem to be bothered  about fixing it
76561198091302305,Recommended,236690,19969820,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yeah,"As a long time player of Blood Bowl the board game, I'd say this game is satisfactory.  The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is nice, its pretty good.-Yes there aren't that many teams but they're releasing more.-It actually teaches you how to play if you haven't played before-Fun campaignI'd say that if you're on the fence about buying it, wait until it goes on sale and then buy it"
,Recommended,236690,19979605,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Keltik,"Highly addictive, plays like thne original table top game. Cant recommend it enough.Praise Tzeentch."
,Not Recommended,236690,18937668,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TZER,Probably one of the worst and most infurating games I've ever played. Just watch the Crendor League on YouTube and it'll tell you all you need to know. This is a game entirely based on chance/luck.
,Recommended,236690,18277442,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,meta222,This game is great
76561198006936815,Not Recommended,236690,18919528,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,rjrgj,"Before you buy this game look up on line what ""RUBBER BANDING"" is.  The game is rigged.I would like to recoment this game but I cant.  Purchase with CAUTION I want to like this game but like the last one it is the hardest game I have ever played.  IF you are going to buy this game get ready for a lot of frustration, a lot of frustration.The game looks great but everytime I play it feels like the computer is at a advantage.  The only way to really improve this game would be some cheats to even out the playing field.I mean in one turn the computer can level my intire team.  GOOD LUCK."
,Recommended,236690,18257447,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,borgar,"If you liked the earlier games this is a slight improvement, could use some enhancements like ability to speed up play, but the new cutscene's are nice until you get sick of them, then there is an option to remove them."
76561198034006433,Recommended,236690,18295048,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bat Radia,Well presented and fairly faithful addaption of the tabletop game.Information is much more clearly presented.Naturely there are still some bugs.
76561197972850274,Not Recommended,236690,19124710,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Sirix,I have had a constant bug that doesn't allow me to play the game during peak times in my country (Australia). I have emailed them several times and used the support forums still no fix.
76561198009176288,Recommended,236690,20160951,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Euspa,"Do you love to hate yourself for buying video games? Then Blood Bowl may just be for you.Blood Bowl is a game that was originally produced by Games Workshop in the 80's and uses a six-sided die for just about everything that is available in the game. This method for accomplishing tasks, such as throwing blocks, passing, catching, etc. has been transferred to the digital version of Blood Bowl and is fairly straight-forward about the chances you have of completing said action.While that might not sound too bad for anybody who has never played a dice game before, those who have can tell you that you must be prepared to roll poorly in every game you play. There are games that I have personally played where it feels like a 3+ on a six sided die feels impossible after you've failed to pick the ball up four times in a row with a free reroll... Such is the way the dice-games go. There are times where your team will be one Go-For-It away from a touchdown, and you'll roll a 1, get an armor break, roll max on his injury then die, then you will expend your apothecary for the match in order to re-roll his injory roll because he's a level 3 runner and he's worth keeping. Then you'll roll another double 6 on his injury roll and he'll die anyway.Does the game sound fun yet? Probably not.Funny? Probably.The game has cool and interesting mechanics to it, and all races and players can get skills when they level up, improving their value so that they contribute more to the team. As the members of your team level up, you will figure out how they work well together, and you will learn how to make niches for certain teams that will carry your team to victory. Unfortunately this is a double-edge sword, as this can sometimes create a dependence on certain players, and if they're down or injured it becomes more difficult to function without them. This becomes especially hard for you, the gamer, when you go up against a team that is meant to kill things. When you're sitting in your chair at the beginning of turn 4 of the first half and you're looking at a screen with two players dead, two permenantly injured, and two KO'd you'll be wondering why you bought this game-- I know I did.If there is anything that this game teaches and teaches well, it is Risk Management. In anything that you do with this game, you should balance the importance of the action with the risk that it will fail, and then prioritize your actions so that you can get as much done in a turn as possible.It probably sounds like hate this game-- That is not true. I've had a lot of fun with this game, though I've come to a conclusion based on my own experience that it's more fun to play with people you can chat with... Which will not be too terrribly often, apparently. Out of five games, I find that maybe one of those people are willing to chat about anything, really.I recommend this game with the thought that if you do purchase this game, get it on sale, as you will undoubtedly feel at some points that it is not worth full price. Along with that, you should play with the idea that literally anybody on your team can die at the drop of the hat. Additionally, you should also try to play this game with people that you know, who you can talk to, that you're okay with yelling at/getting yelled at... because it will happen. My god, it will happen."
76561198043442807,Recommended,236690,18275197,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tickleschitz,RIP Sniffles the Gutter Runner... you'll be missed.
76561198033500830,Recommended,236690,18316636,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Loathian,"Plays even better than the old version.Improvements:* Graphics!!!* % of success - great for new players and helps avoid misclick (not seeing a tackle zone/dodge)* in game UI just works like you would expect it to (no tutorial needed)* Campaign is much better. Nice surprising events during campaing games :-)* AI is at least somewhat better.* Cut scenes of hits and touchdowns are fun!One Area to work on:* Some navigation outside of game play is unintuitive. (It took me way to long that to join a league you don't click on the league which takes you inside the league but no join button inside, but have to click on the word join below the league pic.).* Screen freezes sometimes during campaign games. Takes a while to unfreeze.Overall, after having stopped playing for a long time, I'm getting addicted again!And not sure how or why, but IT'S EVEN MORE FUN (especially when buzzed on beer :-)Enjoy!"
,Recommended,236690,20220787,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Xienomen,When scoring tuchdowns just isnt enough you can kill the other team.
76561197997034870,Recommended,236690,18252417,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dice me,"for my 25 year of gamer . If someone ask me to suggest STRETEGY +RPG+TURNBASE game.i'll say XCOM is good, FF TACTIC is Classic, But Blood Bowl is best.except one thing will make this game ineligible for you, MOST FUN PART OF THIS GAME IS LUCK AND RISK !"
76561197987776450,Recommended,236690,18300316,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,FullMetalSeraph,"This game is a lot of fun, a great strategic rpg with aggressive football elements sprinkled about. Highly recommend it :D"
,Recommended,236690,23512312,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Silent Hastati,"Prelude: If this sin't on sale, hold off on buying, as there is a GOTY style edition coming later this summer. You'll end up costing yourself more in the long run. If it is on sale, or money is no object to you, read on.Ok first off let's get this out of the way. This is a board game. A board game with dice. If you are the type of person who can't handle when dice decide that today is bad times day, walk away. Go spend your money on soemthing else. Allright, everyone else still here? Good.Blood Bowl is a near 1:1 conversion of the GW boardgame of the same name, where the races of the Warhammer Fantasy (Rip in peace) universe have put aside their differences and stopped their endless war sand violence, to instead travel to each other's realms, throw riots that resemble wars, and play games with a ton of violence. Hey, baby steps.The game itself is a turn based affair where your teams take turns moving, punching each other, and trying to advance the squiggskin to the other teams endzone. One of the most critical components of this is the concept of the Turnover. Certain actions, if you screw them up, end your turn immediatly. This turns the strategy of the individual matches from merely trying to roll the best dice, to activly trying to make your opponent have to roll hard dice. Thus positioning is king, and while sometimes the RNG, affectionatly known as ""Nuffle"" (after the game's patron god), decides nothing will go right, most of the time the better coach/team wins out.Individual matches provide gold and experience to your team, which results in teams getting ever more powerful as they age, eventually reaching a high level, where they tend to eventually face some sort of calamity and get knocked back down. Some players hate this and throw their team out once it reaches that point, but others decide that rebuilding is part of the experience.For Multiplayer, there are two open groups that players use. The first is the Open Ladder, which is a lawless land where you will often find people who conceede early, although toxic players can still be reported. The other is the 3-4 month long Champions Ladder, where new teams must be created every season, and conceeding is strictly forbidden (5 conceedes on your account and you're out for the season). After the season is over, the best coach of each race goes into a tournament, while the rest can either start their teams anew or move their teams into the Open Ladder.On the more orginized side, there is no shortage of scheduled leagues with their own rules, communities, and meta to choose from, and are always looking for new memebers. Most can be found either on BBtactics, the official Blood Bowl forums, or on the /r/bloodbowl subreddit, among many other sites.All in all, Blood Bowl is worth a purchase, as long as you are buying it for MP. The AI is complete garbage so if you have no intention to playing online, don't bother."
76561197971633020,Not Recommended,236690,20437383,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mtgip,"The game is unfinished, there are no statistics for the teams and they have changed some rules of the Blood Bowl tabletop. The AI for the single games is worst then Blood Bowl Chaos Edition"
76561198004596403,Not Recommended,236690,20458446,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MaGe,"When you are a console gamer than you would love the user interface. For all pc gamers, who dont play online leagues, I would give the advice buy the old Blood Bowl -Chaos edition, BB1 has the older graphics but is the better game in every other aspect.   As single player I loved the campaign in BB1 but in this game even if I play a normal match I press ALT+F4 during the first half time. The UI and camera perspective is so bad it hurts. The attention to the details (e.g. cheerleadres) which made BB1 so great and I loved it are missing, this game make for me the impression that is half designed and programmed and thrown to the market. I am realy disappointed about this game. If you need an example that graphic is not all this game is a perfect example for this!"
,Recommended,236690,19984827,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,3.141592653589793238462643383279,Very good stratagy game.
,Not Recommended,236690,20129633,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sly,"No way near as good as the first one, and yes the graphics are slightly better but still feel very outdated.....the game unfortunately, in my opinion is terrible"
76561198128891235,Recommended,236690,20777139,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Snowfox,This is the worst game ever made the pain i feel from playing it is real just real pain in my soul would i recommend this yes its fun but all you are really doing is paying for the right to feel pain and suffering
76561197972699009,Recommended,236690,21056353,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Pain,Take a quick look at the game hereIts great!
76561198100111175,Recommended,236690,21936177,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Staldor,fun game but the matchmaking will ream you early on. 1000 point teams against 2200 so lame
76561198008463476,Recommended,236690,19644852,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,piddyx,"This game is a buy for hardcore Blood Bowl Fans that want to play online multiplayer.I've changed the recomendation to a buy due to teh fact that new races will be included for free, if you have the game.So don't wait!"
76561197998394818,Recommended,236690,21025831,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dotodoge,"I rage so much, i broke my keyboard like a german kid.10/10would broke my keyboard again"
76561198157039025,Recommended,236690,32481802,Posted: 16 June,all,* Dusk Shadow *,"The one football game i will ever play, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,236690,19316916,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Aspirant,"I can't recommend the game until they at least get some form of real matchmaking in place. It's entirely too frustrating to try and play a game with a new or new-ish team only to get matched with an opponent with 500+ more Team Value than myself. This has happened consistently, with one of my Chaos teams having gotten no less than 3 opponents with team values in the 1500-1850 range in a row. While I was sub 1300 for at least two of those.Game is fine if you've got a group of friends and do an in-house league where you start off on the same foot and keep relative pace with one another, but trying to play in any public league is maddening for the reason above.Once they fix that, I'll change to recommending the game as it's not a bad revised version thus far even if it has less overall content than BB1: Chaos Edition at the time of this writing. It shows promise, it just needs some kinks worked out. The most major of which to me is the matchmaking."
76561198081080270,Recommended,236690,28224762,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,palyarmerc,Realise you'll always suck at Blood Bowl.Play it for the rest of your life.
76561198100516164,Recommended,236690,19152299,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,hudd,"Blood bowl is an amazing game. I think I have about 1500 hours playing BB1.At the moment, BB1 is better. This has nicer graphics, but that is about it.I am still going to recommend this though :) Buy BB1 to play until they polish this one up!"
76561198169438163,Not Recommended,236690,19225065,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Layzan,"I've been playing with a friend within the same room now for weeks on our PC's, and we have both given up playing each other one on one within our own league. We both own a copy and I was really looking forward to playing Blood Bowl with him and showing him this game. I used to play the actual board game for years back in the day and loved it. I was so excited to see this game at first.However, it soon became apparent that the random dice generator was not so random at all, worse, it actually was baised towards the team with a lower team value for example, or if we set up a best of three competition and I had won the first round and he needed to win the second match or lose. I did alot of reading to see if others experienced this issue. Many have with rergards to playing the A.I and some within multiplayer, however they came under fire alot from fan boys. However the problem does exist within multiplayer. It's just harder to see if you play loads of different players. It's got to a point now were me and my friend can't enjoy this game between the two of us.It's mainly based around TV (team value). Once I start to climb above my friend, the dice rolls start to become ever more biased towards the lesser team. Worse, deaths and injuries bringing his team closer to my level. We have started over a new many a time with new teams and the game becomes fair as in equal bad luck good luck and it's great fun. It's only once I being a more experenced player, start to get a better side we start seeing really silly fake dice results.It's like the games trying to keep it even and will ruin your side at times sending many of your team into your K'O and injury box just to level the playing field. Even though I'm a chaos side and he plays elves and is leaving himself open to block attacks with skills like mighty blow. Your try and go for it needing a roll of 2+ on a D6 and fail at crucial times even with re-rolls while the underdog pulls off multiple go for it's and crazy 33-50% odds with ease. That is until they level out around your team value or they push it to the stupid level within a turn beyond the crucial aspect of getting a touchdown.Your be shoving the underdogs players around with puch dice while they crack out blitz after blitz, unless it's a non critical target that has no real bearing on the attempted touchdown, it's very disheartening for both of us. And when we do start again with new teams, it's laughable how different the rolls are! Suddenly my team start hurting his side, and he starts failing rolls like I do when I'm ahead of his team value by a fair bit. I don't have to eat through re-rolls to pull off 2+ roll on a apparent D6 dice, don't get sent off everytime I attempt a foul and can use the block dice without multiple skulls showing up.Often I'll still win even with the heavely biased rolls against me, and still gain more SPP (skill points), which adds to my team value, which in turn makes the game perform ever more lame fake rolls. Stuff like death results followed by death results on key players even after re-rolls on the damage table. The underdog picking up the ball within multiple tackle zones at 33% then racing off to pass the ball with success across the pitch. While I can't even pick up the ball on a 67% chance and with re-rolls to boot. That is until both teams are more balanced with regards to me gaming with my friend.With years of playing the board game, using real dice, you just don't see this, and it's a real shame because it truly ruins the experience for both players. My friend gets touch downs and it's like he donsen't feel like he even tried or deserved it, the game threw it at him to win. Then when we start a new, he gets totally owned until I start to take a team value lead, or it's a match which if I win, I win the small competition we set up.I also play online aganist the public, it's much less obvious there, it's really only when just playing my friend and seeing our teams grow apart team value wise you really see it, but it does de-value your overal outlook, I mean luck is one thing, but fixed matches is another beast entirly. Often, players just quit when facing apparent bad luck. But it just shows that the dice rolls are toatally fixed, nothing at all like acutal dice.This really is not just a rant about having some bad luck. I have a great chaos side online, and I still have fun though knowing the dice are not only fake, but will favour your side or the person your facing based on certain factors just takes a massive chunk out of the very essence of blood bowl. It's like your trying to find out what the programmed odds are going to let you get away with within a match and has very little to do with the % shown on the screen.It's such a shame."
,Recommended,236690,27652939,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sombrero,Best NFL game too date
76561198008813578,Recommended,236690,28094808,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sti_Cazz,"Awesome game and great improvement of the previous incarnation BBCE!Forget the single player Campaign, I started it just to see if I still remembered everything and as a Tutorial it does fine (albeit way to slow) but the fun for me has been in the privately run leagues, really great fun and rewarding... it has got me into playing Tabletop Blood Bowl and this I actually found even better then the Videogame, they complement eachother nicely I feel, eventhough the TT version is much more 'real' and true to the actual game.I highly recommend it to anyone who is not shy of this game's cruel RNG and does not mind hours of team building to get stomped on in 1 game... it will change  the way you view strategic games on a whole for the better! Awesome Awesome, Awesome!"
76561198030750865,Recommended,236690,31467486,Posted: 30 April,all,Captain Poopy Shoes,"This game has grown on me.  I've been playing Games Workshop games since early 2001 (mainly 40k and Fantasy, when it was around, but also Gothic, Blood Bowl and Mordheim) and this one is on point when it comes to how the table top game functions.  All of the rules are explained fairly simply and you don't have to worry about ""forgetting"" what your players have, as the game will remember for you (like me always forgetting that Stunty rule...).  It's not as comprehensive with the number of teams like the first Blood Bowl, but everything else about it is superior.  I'd recommend the hell out of it."
76561198088616728,Recommended,236690,28081568,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DHVE,"Bloodbowl II is a game played by nerds who cry would about dice rolls being broken generally because they are not as skill full as other players.The dice rolls are broken.It is a fun game basically closer to chess than football. If you like chess and strategy you will like it, if you like football you may not. If you like chess and football you won’t have time to play since you will be such a hit with the ladies so do not buy it.And the dice rolls are kind of broken. Not the rolls themselves there is sometimes a glitch and the re roll doesn’t ‘roll’ the animation kind of skips and the refill is exactly the same as the roll. I have SEEN it many times.May Nuffle bless your blocking dice my feathered friends. It goes on sale a bit and good value when it does."
76561198266958610,Recommended,236690,28092948,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wipple Nizard,This game is one of many games that game work shop should have made better i will get into this soon however with that out of the way this is a very good game and one of my favsPROS:keeps true to the first gameeasy to get into when your a new playerbetter uibetter(ish) aiHome fieldCONS:Very few teams to play as (not a prob for me as i always play lizardmen)no faction exculisive cheerleaders unlike bb1very few fields to play onits not a very single player game to get the most out of it you want to play mpwith those out of the way it is a good game and i would love to play with anyone so if you do buy it add me for a game or something
76561197988978984,Recommended,236690,28093727,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wrayden,Fantastic game that mimics the board game very well!
,Recommended,236690,34783871,Posted: 6 September,all,Mundungu,"This is overall a solid implementation of Blood Bowl, although it is a bit slow.  I still prefer to play onfumbbl.comwithout all the extra polygons and flair surrounding the game because I prefer to play though a game in 20 minutes instead of the hour that this game demands.  If you don't mind the extra time, Cyanide has done a great job of implementing the game without stripping anything out.The biggest benefit of this version over others is the ease of online play.  You can easily get a game with an equal TV team just by entering a queue.  It is also very easy to enter and create custom leagues with friends or online groups.  This is great for custom rules and tournament play.Blood Bowl is one of my favorite games.  I would play this version a lot more if a more bare bones version of the game wasn't available.  I prefer the quicker games and higher level of competition on fummbl, but would recommend this to anyone interested in getting into the game."
76561198043462074,Recommended,236690,18336780,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jamal,great
,Recommended,236690,26128694,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Bester,"I left a negative review for the first Blood Bowl game but I am pleased to say this is a much much better game. My main complaint with the old game was that it didn't feel dynamic enough and was just a glorified board game port. The game focused heavily on numbered dice rolls which you had no influence over, very boring. Well Blood Bowl 2 addresses many of my main gripes and is much more dynamic and is much more than just a digital board game port. I love the cutscenes and tackles. There are still dice roll mechanics but they now use symbols rather then numbers which is easier to understand and doesn't bother me (for some reason) as much. Just a big improvement all round. I just wish I was better at it now..."
76561197995577745,Not Recommended,236690,23995366,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Stony,"Released too early. Way too many bugs.EDIT: I've now also played with the expansion. STILL way too many bugs. Get your crap together, Cyanide."
,Recommended,236690,32867843,Posted: 27 June,all,Iretep,Still some minor bugs but once the last teams get added itll be better for playing BB than BB1 that still has constant bugs.
76561198020967935,Recommended,236690,32899304,Posted: 27 June,all,lorddarkcon,Best game GW ever made
76561198036061187,Recommended,236690,29338630,Posted: 18 January,all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"Like Warhammer? Of course you do...Like Football Warhammer style? I'm sure you'll love it once you play it!Like full on contact sports with blood? I know I do!This game is a huge improvement to the original Blood Bowl. Although they're both fun to play, Blood Bowl 2 just brings more ""umph"" to the title. It's better visually and controls seem more improved compared to the original. There's a small learning curve, but once you tackle that, it's second nature. This game is fun and highly enjoyable. Even more enjoyable with friends. Pick your teams, name them, design them, and play pulverize your opponents. I love this game, you should show some love for this title too by purchasing it! ""It belongs in a LIBRARY!!"" ~ Indiana EEKS the 1st"
76561198023581928,Recommended,236690,30502099,Posted: 13 March,all,inquisitor T.Caffery,it play like the real bord game but the dice rolls can be bad EX: i got a seaven player who very good at dogeing with doge skill so its like an 85% of pass that stupit rat failed wtf he going to be feed to the rat oger.
76561197996140314,Recommended,236690,30641913,Posted: 20 March,all,Kof,"Really enjoy the series, but I think that there's some money grabbing going on here with the DLCs, which should be included in the main game. Shame on Games Workshop. Wait for a sale to buy, IMHO."
76561198037834509,Recommended,236690,28494893,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Old Timer,"I didn't think that I would like it, but it came in a package.  Tried it out and it is fun and funny."
76561197999084542,Recommended,236690,24793335,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,bartli,It makes me sad how many bad reviews this awsome game has! Sure sometimes Blood Bowl is very frustrating because it is  a luck based game. However u can work on good strategys which fits your playstyle and minimize the risks u take. So it becomes a very interesting and complex game.It's easy to get the basics of the game and it will provide u with a lot of fun and of course a little bit of frustration. But if you keep in mind that it's only a game u should be totally fine if the RNG will sometimes not be on your side!I can absolutly recommend Blood Bowl 2 if u like  turn based strategy games with RNG and if u wanna try something unique.
,Recommended,236690,30209286,Posted: 26 February,all,Pyretic,Awesome game tons of fun
76561198053166129,Not Recommended,236690,19409479,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,eanhard,People can just cheat and give thier teams the level up attributes they need. so what is the point. Also the leagues are stupid you have to join 1 of the big 2 right away or good luck getting games without long waits
76561198027375283,Recommended,236690,23939706,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Master,I love this game! It will frustrate the hell out of you but its so rewarding when you win a game!!!
76561198008428816,Not Recommended,236690,21273386,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Tungsten,"Blood Bowl  2 is a lemon wrapped in nice graphics.Wait till it hits the discount bin.First the positives.The graphics do look pretty, especially in the trailer. Their graphic assets are a lot better than their first blood bowl game.Unfortunately, that is where the positivies stop.The game feels broken. Not buggy but rather suffering from poor designed.The random dice rolls do not feel random.The graphic animations are on repeat  and get boring very quickly.The camera keeps on zooming around the field making it hard to see what is happening.The matching system is still a joke, although a bit better than in the previous game.So overall, you once again have a set of great board game rules wrapped up in a second rate computer game.On top of that this company has very poor community management. Servers go down without notice, forum postings seem to be random... etc.Not recommended."
76561197974740677,Not Recommended,236690,25323427,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,erikvonwerner,The server for the game is soooo sloooow. Many matches are unplayable and result in dissconnetcion. Very frustrating!
76561198011376453,Recommended,236690,29062209,Posted: 6 January,all,Zweiv,"I recommand it BUT BEWARE !If you had a bad day, it will not be better after bloodbowl if you play alone.So frustrating to miss 4 times in a row an action that has 90% chance of success.THE ONLY THING IS THIS FOCKING PROBABILITY WITH THE  IA M8.THIS IA WHO GIVE U CANCER.THIS IA WHO IS A NIGHTMARE EVEN WHEN UR AWAKE.THIS IA WHO MAKE U WONDER HOW A COMPUTER CAN BE AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Math are the true EvilButI could kill Elves sooooo worth it.8/11 glad that i'm a masochist."
76561198134958812,Recommended,236690,29152269,Posted: 9 January,all,Camen Syder,"Good game, but if you're in it for team progression you're going to find this game frustrating when you lose your most evolved players and your team then turns to♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,236690,21486017,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MattiaV96,How can i describe it? The best football game you'll ever play? Probably
76561197970053668,Recommended,236690,25578028,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,xexuxjy,"Great as a single player game, campaign works really well as an introduction to the game and lots of fun and silliness. Not sure I dare play online though.The interface and general play style is so much better than the first BB, and the animations and characters look amazin."
76561198028109623,Recommended,236690,30512689,Posted: 14 March,all,wilsy96,this game is good
,Recommended,236690,20802028,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bakey,I've never yelled at my computer screen so much in my entire life.10/10 would scream at digital dice again
76561198129605845,Recommended,236690,28459731,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,sb1982,fantastic translation of the original board game to PC.... well done all i could ask for in a Blood bowl game... just keep them races coming!!!
,Recommended,236690,30579232,Posted: 17 March,all,MajorDoomDoom,Fantastic digital version the classic board game. Love the humor too.
,Recommended,236690,32113632,Posted: 1 June,all,Wudini,Great port of the table top game. Probably not enjoyable for people who don't already know and love the table top version.
76561198161877294,Recommended,236690,20942863,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lercter,"113 hours in, and I can say that it's a healthy recreation of the table top version"
76561198033457814,Recommended,236690,18214959,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Wake Up Lariat,"No, it's not as polished as Chaos Edition. Yes, it's a bit buggy and finicky. No, not all the races are in. Yes, there are some rule changes.But it's still Blood Bowl. If you're looking for the new premiere Blood Bowl and are okay with DLC, pick it up."
,Recommended,236690,18232848,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kexxar,"Blood Bowl 2, to put it simply: It's amazing.An incredible improvement from Blood Bowl 1, simplified UI and upgraded graphics. This is a turn-based strategy-sports game that takes place on the Warhammer universe. You will play as the coach of teams of different races and duke it out on the pit on matches of Blood Bowl!The upgraded graphics make the game feel epic every single moment, the animations are mind blowingly good, you'll see everything, from a Chaos Warrior dropkicking an Elf or a Dwarf beating a Minotaur to a pulp with his ale mug. To this add an action camera and slow motion as this is happening and you'll have epic fights every single time.The added commentary of Jim and Bob will bring you some laughs until it starts getting repetitive, with this said, they do take a big part in the Single Player campaign mode which starts as a tutorial for the first couple of matches and then throws you right into a story mode.On average a match will take about 60 minutes from start to finish so make sure that you have plenty of time before starting a game."
,Recommended,236690,18239859,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,VG Purist,"Buy Blood Bowl 2 If you don't know much about Blood Bowl.  It's fun and brutal.  There is a lot of luck involved and so don't go in expecting that you will ever master the game because you simply can't.If you are a Blood Bowl veteran and wonder if it's worth getting this over BB:CE then I would probably tell you to hold off and continue playing in your existing leagues because this game is nowhere near as complete as BB:CE.  That being said however, it won't help in the long run for your beloved game to receive the update the game desperately needs and the draw for new players in which your leagues desperately need to continue to thrive.Come support Blood Bowl!  No this game isn't as polished as it should be and Cyanide is still up to their wonky UI design decisions and a few other items but the point is that this game is still by all accounts a true (as can be) adaptation to the table top board game.Here is a link to the playlist of the league I have created and all the fun you could be having.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGqHdntcXSYo5EoLOOpRxDvB8Hn3qto_j"
76561198038896333,Recommended,236690,18165349,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,KingKoontz,"I absolutely love this game!!! Does it need work, yes. Until things get worked on some it may be wise to hold off purchasing for awhile, but I'm having a blast with it for now and future improvements will only add to the good things which are already in place. It's dfficult for me recommend a game which needs tweeking and more teams to someone who has never played Blood Bowl before, but I think anyone who has the Chaos Edition will find a helluva lot to like here already with better things on the horizon."
76561198063230278,Recommended,236690,21613450,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,KFowles (Wifu),It is a fun game but it takes a lot of effort not for someone looking for something more casual
76561198032583154,Recommended,236690,18229481,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Onizuka Eikichi,"I started playing Blood Bowl 2 as someone who had never touched anything related to Blood Bowl, and I have to say it's a real blast so far.Pros:- Nice Graphics- Fun and different races- The campaign does a pretty good job at explaining the rules one by one- A lot of nice little flavory things (announcers, a graveyard by the playing field, etc.)- Turn-based strategy elements combined with sportsCons:- Some rules don't get explained at all (at some times I'm still confused why I'm suddenly unable to pass or something like that)- Not many races compared to what I heard of BB1, and 2 of them locked behind preorder/pay wallEdit after 30 more hours:more Pros:- Astonishing depth of strategy, player formations, probability calculation, etc.- Satisfying team management and leveling in league mode- Interesting game changing weather effects and (sometimes random) eventsmore Cons:- Announcers get really repetitive after some time- Had to disable spectators in the graphics options due to some crashes- AI is kinda lackluster and doesn't prepare new players too well for matches vs. real players- There could be more player models/animations, those get repetitive too"
76561198002167085,Recommended,236690,18146992,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Falesh,"Blood Bowl is an incredible game where skill takes center stage but is also blended with gratuitous amounts of chaos, death and luck. This makes it entertaining because you can improve, ignore people who say BB is not skill based, while at the same time the chaos will always keep the game fresh as you just never know what will happen.Cyanide's second implementation of the game is very solid. The graphics are wonderful and the UI is nice and clean. You may read about things that could be changed, however they are tweaks to an already great game."
,Recommended,236690,18159893,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Eldrad Ulthran,"I understand there are lots of critisms out there for this game, and some of them are vaild, but when looking at all the factors involved in this, i honestly have nothing to complain about with Blood Bowl 2, its what you would expect from blood bowl, turn based violent sport with various teams and races that each play differently, and although we don't have all the teams from the tabletop or chaos edition, we have the key core teams that are the most popular and encapsulate the majority of the playable styles aside from some of the more...oddball teams, and considering the time and capital required for cyanide to make these teams its understandable we can't have them all right now, they simply don't have the time and money. The game looks wonderful, runs smoothly, as a far cleaner and easier to interpret UI than chaos edition. From the point of a veteran of Chaos Edition (and i mainly play Lizardmen, so this is a recommendation despite not having my favorate team) this game is fun as heck, but i can understand wanting to wait for more teams to come out, even though i personally think the current variety is enough to keep the game alive, and the core of what makes the game great is there, and it seems far friendlier to new players than previously, although i would suggest that, if you have friends that are experienced with blood bowl, you let them give you a little hand to get started. Other than that the game is a blast and im going to keep on playing!"
,Recommended,236690,18214986,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Pandemon1c,"Blood Bowl is literally the best thing to ever be a thing. Praise be to Nuffle, the most glorious and fickle!"
,Recommended,236690,18220416,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Z Simmox,"Updated:well well well,seems all the doomsayers are now hiding in their mothers basements at the moment.here we are about a year or so on from the initial release,the plans for Legendary edition have been announced and the future is bright,everything that the community has asked for is now a reality,with some minor exceptions.assuming you got in on BB2 at the start,you will now have 14 teams that cost 0 dollarswith 2 more teams to come out next week,bringing the team list to 16.Legendary edition changes are too numerous to mention so chase this up on youtube,look for Lewpac22's video's on this matter,as he is in thick of the discussions with the Devs involved.In essence by the end of 2017 we will have all the teams (24) plus speciality teams,massive updates to the game options for league and moron management.you name it,you can do it.Price: people can buy LE at full price or if you have the basic version,it will be 50% off?,with the exception of the last 2 teams being released this week.if you havent got BB2 yet,it may be prudent to wait on LE,if you already have BB2,you are in for a treat my friends.it is worth noting,you do not have to buy LE to play against those that do,core mechanic changes are free and universalthe game is in the assendency and going strong,more players more leagues,more team ,more options,and yes,more rage quitting dummy spitters to laugh at,and the best part is now you will be able to mute and ban these freaks.New AI brains and Options for the meek that prefer AI games only,which is good as it was lacking before,but,c'mon people get with the program,be brave,venture into the world of online blood bowl and behold the horror and mayhem in all its glory,watch in real time the descent of mankind .laugh and cry,smash stuff and pull your own hair out,swear to the seven gods to never play the game again,spend money of sessions at the shrink's office,rant and rave on the forums how the game is out to kill you.for it truly is,of course this only lasts until you weaken and fire it up again for another round of....................LETS PLAY BLOOD BOWL   !!!!!!!!!Viva Le Blood BowlNew rating 9/10Terrific improvement over the originalnicer looking, smooth play,neat little extra's,such as your own stadium and upgrade ability for it.Multiplayer,the imporatant part, works flawlessly with the exception of a couple of occasional bugs.No deal breaker here,just annoying when they happen,but,should be remedied.League management options are scarce at the moment but its obvious they are coming later.Pre-order guys ended up getting both bonus teams as they were delayed a couple of days.good sports.So,10 teams available is more than enough for now and more to come.If you like playing H2H turn based games,this is greatNot Recommended if you are just after playing the AI or Single player,while its fine,its no comparison to playing a human opponentBe Warned.......dummy spits and rage quitters are like locusts in this game,so find a good league to join and it willminimize these goons.8/10"
,Recommended,236690,28823079,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Skeletoni,The best sport game :DFun and brutal!
76561197961115767,Not Recommended,236690,28408901,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,EW_Graham,"""Not Responding"" The Game.After spending an hour messing with launch settings, and having followed all of the relevant FAQ troubleshooting advice, I gave up."
76561197990514475,Not Recommended,236690,24223267,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,khrag,"Let me start by saying my system exceeds all the recommended stats for this game. So you can imagine my surprise that in order to make the game stop crashing (well to be honest, the screen just goes black, but you can theoretically still play, you just can't see squat) I have to turn off the crowd and grass visualizations.And then there are the times the opponent times out their turn and... nothing. yup, nothing. Logic would dictate that my turn would follow theirs, but sadly, no.There are many other little annoying problems with this game, but the rest are fairly livable, but then why would you buy a game that runs like crap? Oh, and don't get me started on the really dumb ""new"" AI.Buy Blood Bowl Chaos Edition if you really want to play Blood Bowl. Wait until this pile of steaming Grobi droppings gets fixed. (Or more likely, seeing as it is Cyanide after all, the next version comes out. You know, Blood Bowl 2 The Pickpocket edition!)*Edit*I also just found out that in single player if you lose connection to the internet you lose the game you were just playing. Of course it doesn't disconnect you during the game, just after the game it says ""Trying to reconnect to the internet"" which I was connected to the internet (I'm not sure at what point I may have dc, but by the end of the game I was connected) and I waited 15 minutes of the game trying to reconnect without success. Another great idea by Cyanide (and yes I am aware it is not their original idea, but what a stupid idea)"
76561198068258553,Recommended,236690,33431247,Posted: 10 July,all,spiderSpaceman,Fairly solid game
76561198038619885,Recommended,236690,29761040,Posted: 7 February,all,ianiain,Enjoyable if not frustrating at times
76561198027910217,Not Recommended,236690,18212335,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Is this a pigeon?,"After playing eight or so hours of Blood Bowl 2, I was faced with nothing but losses for nothing but bad rolls. This game is nothing but luck based. You'd be better off going to a casino and spending 45 dollars of your hard-earned money. At least then you might get something out of it. The only reason I'd recommend this game is if you're already a hard-core Blood Bowl fan. It includes no races. The races are all extremely similar and it doesn't really make any difference which you pick. (Pick dwarves either way cause they always win.)"
76561198039274553,Recommended,236690,18152007,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Shintai,Great game and lots of fun. Could still use some UI tweaks and improvements to the AI leagues. And of course more races.
76561198006539198,Recommended,236690,18157146,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dog Botherer,"If you are after a perfect game then this game is probably not for you, not sure I have ever found a game that isn't riddled with flaws from someones point of view.   Game is not perfect by any stretch of the imagination and sort of has a feel of being slightly rushed and incomplete at the moment.  It is a great deal of fun none the less and if like me you grew up playing blood bowl on the tabletop it still feels right.  I will say make sure your focus is multiplayer however as the single player is more than a little bobbins, but if you are a true tabletop gamer what the hell are you playing single player for.....have a word with yourself :PDice rolls are still frustrating as they were in BB1 but then as someone that once rolled 19 1's out of 24 dice for armour saves on a 2+ with real dice sometimes you just have to smile. The dice gods are fickle and all that jazz!I don't understand the rage about the races to be honest, the original blood bowl was released with 8 races and this is released with 8 races too with another 2 DLC races to be released soon.  Personally I have only ever played with Dark Elves, Chaos, Orcs and Undead since I was a kid so 3 out of 4 in the initial release I am happy with.  I would rather pay say a few quid for the DLC race I want rather than considerably more for a full expansion with 90% of the races I literally have no interest in.  Everyone will be different in this respect some people will want all the races because they feel incomplete otherwise.  I put that down to my background in the tabletop game, only ever brought, painted and played with teams I wanted to use, had no interest in owning every team, didn't have anywhere near enough money from school holiday jobs to afford them anyway.Would I recommend this game to everyone?  NOWould I recommend this to my friends that like me are tabletop gamers and love all this kind of stuff as fun and a bit of relaxation after work?  YES YES YES"
76561198006201976,Recommended,236690,18159185,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[TLE] The-Fish-Tank,Blood bowl 2 was really hard to get into considering I had never played any of the previous games but I stayed determined to figure it out because I just love the warhammer universe and the art style that comes with it. It didn't take long to catch on to how the game is played and I have to say I am enjoying myself very much. I'm really sad to see all the negative reviews. I feel like most of them are coming from people who played the previous game. I'm getting alot of play time out of this so far and I'm certain I will get alot more out of it so I'm very happy with the amount of money I spent.TLDR:game is hard but extremely satisfying given the time to learn to play. Would highly recommend.
,Not Recommended,236690,23075293,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Creed Vocalist Scott Stapp,i love tabletop games but turns take forever and games take forever. replay system could have been cool if it condensed all the moves into one cohesive movie imo that woulda been sweet but not even that. v much a buyers remorse game
,Recommended,236690,23054518,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Citer,"A solid game, great gameplay, with some minor issues. Good base game with the option to buy dlc races. A must buy for any turn-based strategy fan whenever it is below 20 €/$ or whatever. Buying it now will grant you access to all future races released.Games tend to last around 1 hour (less if speedbowling), so it's a game that takes time.7.5/10 (With the chance to improve after new races are added or patches are rolled in)"
,Not Recommended,236690,22004363,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,yigitmeng,"Don't buy this game! then maybe they'll fix dice in BB3!!!I played 1097 hours Chaos Edition. BB2 and this game has no dice, only dice animation. AI calculates risks before every turn and you have to play in that risk order. there is no dice, only ""yes"" or ""no""s.  This is an ""arcade"" game not a board game ""simulation"".I hope Games Workshop cancels franchise agreement with Cyanide. So we can play this epic board game online. I shared lots of videos about dodging Minotaurs and opened threads on forums about injuring 8 dwarves in a match with skaven, Guess what happened. they supressed or deleted my threads with their forum guard dogs. Because they want to win more money without earning!(sorry for my bad english)"
,Not Recommended,236690,18553246,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dipex,"Its Blood Bowl 1 with better graphics, but its less ""complete"" than Blood Bowl 1 was.  There are just a lot of little things that are lacking.  For example, there are no cheerleaders and no fans on the sidelines.One of the new features is that you can build your own stadium, but the camera angles make it impossible to see if upgrading the stadium actually results in a visual change, and each race doesn't get their own unique stadium like in Blood Bowl 1.  There is also a feature where you can build addons to your stadium, but the overwhelming majority of them are things you would *never* build.  In fact, I can only think of three that you could ever want, and even then two of them you would only want as an elf team and the other as an orc or maybe dwarf team.The singleplayer experience is also lacking compared to Blood Bowl 1.  I liked how in Blood Bowl 1 you had the league system and there was a visual representation of progression for your team in terms of which league you were allowed to join.  Blood Bowl 2 also has a league system for single player, but its just a single league that seems to *sort of* scale with your team.  Plus there are no difficulty settings (at least that I could find).Oh, and there is a game breaking single player bug where the other team just passes its turn without doing anything that is quite frequent.And on the topic of bugs, the game is quite buggy.  Other than the afformentioned game ruining single player bug, a lot of them are just minor interface or visual bugs that self correct.  But its just annoying to have to deal with them in a $45 game.The game also feels like it was designed for a controller and the mouse/keyboard controls are fairly hamfisted.  Navigating the menus is more difficult than it should be, and I have a lot of instances of my players moving to the wrong square.  I'm not chalking that last one up to bugs though as, again, I just think its that the mouse/keyboard controls are bad and imprecise.I think that maybe in a few years, once the bugs are fixed, the interface is cleaned up, and more races are added the game is probably worth buying during a steam sale.  But right now, unless you're a hardcore blood bowl fan, I would pass."
,Recommended,236690,35013096,Posted: 16 September,all,DylanTheSniper,The RNG isn't as bad as everyone says. The problem with reviews and gaming journalism is that most of the people who write them are bad at video games.
76561198011730103,Not Recommended,236690,20861676,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rafyn,"One word springs to mind with this game .... Rigged.I know this is a RNG game,  but there just seem to be too many occurances of AI rigged rolls to be ignored.   Some players claim to have played through and never lost a game,  or conceded a point,  fair play to them.  However there are also a large number of players that like me are frustrated with failing every dodge or go-for it.  Failing to pick up the ball when you have a 80+% chance of picking it up.   While seeing an opponent who does not seem to be able to fail to dodge your tackled zones,  and gets a knock down on almost every block.I got his game when it was reduced recently and I still feel like asking for my money back.The game itself looks good,  and runs smoothly however the game lacks any feel of a campaign.  The solo player campaign is a tutorial, which again seems to be rigged to make you lose by about the 4th match,  and the solo leagues are just multiplayer against an AI.  My advice would be to check Ebay for a copy of the original Bloodbowl board game,  get some mates round,  a few beers (age permitting) in, roll some real dice and play the game like it was meant to be played.    It was a brutal game,  but at least it was a fair brutal game.  Not one that seems to delight in throwing you to the ground then grinding your face in the turf with an ogre boot."
76561198146800091,Recommended,236690,20971907,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,geeksquad2,">Humans vs. High Elves>2 blitzers in the face of Elf Thrower>Elf has receiver covered, one on one>13% chance to long pass, 33% chance to catch, no re-rolls>Touchdown, I lose.10/10 would RNG again"
76561197970375059,Recommended,236690,24792867,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Rebe,I'm new to blood bowl but like turned based strategy games. This game is good.
76561198049779057,Not Recommended,236690,32286111,Posted: 9 June,all,Toront oTO,"This appears to be overshadowed by it's predecessor. It feels like a halfass mobile port, I had to ♥♥♥♥ with my options for an hour to get it to work right. I wish it had a little more singleplayer then maybe I could try to work through some of the problems, but it is clearly not what many were looking for in a sequel. Not a fan of the DLC scheme with some of these games tbh. I think this is a good game, but it has some very basic issues that should have been resolved by now which leads me to think the devs don't care much."
76561198067925817,Recommended,236690,23259687,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,bob152,"I play mostly BB:CE, so i'm looking mostly at differences between the two versions. The new button layout, once you get used to it, is superior and actually makes sense now. Be careful switching between both versions; misclicks happen. I love the new stadium options, allowing you to customize your team's pitch. It reminds me of the special play cards in the TT game. I'm not as in love with the new graphics as the general opinion seems to be; there's a lot to like but not everything. The stadiums are pretty, but the new larger overlay is what you see most of the time, and that's the same for all pitches. The fans all have the same face. The uniforms look more similar to eachother, and as has been pointed out many times, do not change as a player advances. However, there are some real highlights. The new CW helmets are fantastic. The troll-slayer has a great, eager look to him when he moves. The troll's jaw is excellent. There are tons of these tiny nifty details. The GUI is better too, with clear and obvious choices on rerolls, apoth, bribe, and such. The on screen information during play is a weakness, as the skills are now icons and some of the team info is obscured. I like the new version and I hope they address some of the issues, which would seem to be easy fixes in most cases."
,Recommended,236690,24519510,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mylifeispotatocat,"Just a simple review here, I give this game a tentative thumbs up. This game is a very fun game for a very specific audience. You see a mixed review not because this game is bad or broken, but because the heavy RNG elements mixed into a sports game is not for most. If you can handle rolling the dice and learning how to mitigate your chances for bad rng, then you'll like it, if not, give it a pass."
76561198018216596,Recommended,236690,35429736,Posted: 2 October,all,Vidar,"If you like Bloodbowl, but don't like coming out of your seat, nor buy and paint your actual miniature team, this is 10/10 must have.If you like Bloodbowl, but prefer the miniatures and sitting in front of your opponent as you bash his team to bits instead of trying to score even one TD, this is still a very decent game worthy of your time and money.If you don't like Bloodbowl, why are you even reading this?"
76561198006993515,Recommended,236690,22467229,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Gravy Ghost,I love this game! So much depth to this game and its very pretty. Ill spend lots of time on this one.
,Recommended,236690,29870489,Posted: 12 February,all,Jpohjr,10/10
,Recommended,236690,30659156,Posted: 21 March,all,BatCam,Play as Wood Elves so you can dominate the passing gameFirst Game as Wood ElvesWardancer attempts ball pick upRolls 1Re-RollRolls 1Skaven team moves into positionWardancer attempts ball pick upRolls 1Re-RollRolls 1Both Re-Rolls used Turn 2Skaven Gutter Runner dodges Wardancer picks up ballRolls 5Runs 2 spaces from TD ZoneGoes for itRolls 6Goes for itRolls 6TD Skaven Team10/10 Would Recommend
76561197974843072,Not Recommended,236690,30861454,Posted: 31 March,all,[BEL] NokaDil,"I love(d) blood bowl,BB1 Chaos edition was the bomb! and maybe it still is...sorry BB2!They did a Great job tho, the animations are fun to watch (a little repetitif, but fun), the factions are pretty well balanced (compared to BB1, Go halflings!), the UI is pleasant and last but not least jim johnson and bob bifford are back!but....It's still Bloodbowl, nothing has really changed...Don't know what else to expect tho, given the fact that BB was originally a boardgame.If cyanide doesnt whish tho innovate the gameplay, it will always just be a digitalized boardgame.Ever played monopoly on pc?Here are some extra personal cons.Dicerolls are frustrating!You can be the best tactician ever, but those 15% will get to you, every bloody time...I had the same problem when playing Xcom.I can endure losses, but after a while I get the feeling that ,all of my carefully chosen actions, have random outcomes, even if the chances are above 85%... that 15% you're ignoring? could be instant death, over and over, even when using rerolls...(I swear i almost transformed into the angry videogame nerd! you kno? the hulk among gamers? nvm...)Not enough factions!Where the halflings, khemri's, ogres, vampires, goblins, amazons at!? this is why BB1 is still the bomb!(I know they intergrated the khemri into one of the undead teams, khemri were OP anyway, but it still makes for one less team.)1Dlc/faction...Kashing!One of the things I love about the warhammer franchise is the amount of factions it has.I'm not against Dlc, as long as it makes the game ""live"" longer.Making a Dlc for every faction in the game doesnt contribute to it's lifespan... It only makes it overpriced.* If you wanne play this game while being low on cash, buy BB1 on sale, u wont miss much except for some faction balance and brutal animations. :) *"
76561198030765770,Not Recommended,236690,18149230,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Palo Gutspiller,"This game has potential but there are a lot of missing or broken features, game breaking bugs, a poor UI both in game and out of game, no chat lobby, virtually non-existent league management, no player customization when they level up which means your stars look just like your rookies, no player statistics, just 3 Star Players available for each race instead of 6 for each race, and there are currently only 8 teams available instead of the full 23-25 races it should include and those additional races will be DLC that must be purchased if you want them.  It is really shocking how incompetent Cyanide/Focus are at adapting a board game.  Some of their balance changes like increasing the Orc Blitzer cost to 90k are also ridiculous and completely unnecessary.Essentially this game is a vastly inferior product to Blood Bowl; Chaos Edition the previous version of the game which has 23 races and more features.  How Cyanide released BB2 with so many critical features of the game completely missing is incredible.Check back in 6-9 months when more teams are available and see if they've added a lot of the features they should have had in game on release day.  The game will probably be on a 75% off sale by then and might be worth buying at that point.Edited Oct 7:  Cyanide/Focus just held an AMA on Reddit and unfortunately they validated the worst fears of those who were skeptical of Cyanide/Focus.  Most of the missing features are not coming due to cost restraints or in some cases conscious design decisions and the same is true for many of the broken features.  It's absurd but they claim it's too costly to do the art work to have player appearances change as they level up but they are fine with charging over 5 euros for the DLC on each new race.  The wood elf and lizardman stars have their heads cut and pasted onto the bodies of generic players of their respective races.  It's beyond belief.Edited 4/17/2016: Tomorrow will be 4 months after that Dec 18th announcement about the next four races and none of them are released yet and Cyanide has gone back into their shell of non-communication. Amazingly, the 5 minutes of work it'd take to correct the Orc roster still hasn't been done even though the game released over 6 months ago.I've about given up hope and that's sad because I love what this game could be if they'd just communicate and put some work in. This game deserves better than Cyanide/Focus as its developer."
,Recommended,236690,23811643,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Valdier,"While it doesn't have the numerous teams of the original, it does have a superior graphics engine and imo better interface."
,Recommended,236690,23445070,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,-- Atl --,American Football + Chess + WarhammerWhat is there not to like!
,Not Recommended,236690,34836399,Posted: 9 September,all,dannyalder88,I really enjoyed this game since buying it. However now the legendary update has come out the game is constantly freezing on the AI's turn in campaign mode. I cannot progress due to this bug and it's beginnging to really make the game lose its appeal.
76561198006985778,Not Recommended,236690,34873670,Posted: 10 September,all,TheFallenJester,"I really like how the game freezes with two rounds left in the match, because the matches don't take long enough to complete as is."
76561198094529144,Recommended,236690,34954237,Posted: 14 September,all,Tiny Rick,"Game is good but competely unfair in campaim. AI team will ALWAYS dodge, don't drop the ball ten time in the endzone, and alomst always complete passes."
76561198096254645,Not Recommended,236690,18872325,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,T473R,"It's just too reliant on RNG. The game punishes you for attempting to do something interesting by chucking more loaded dice at you. Just plain infuriating playing the AI and only fun with friends because you're laughing at it. Not to mention it's overpriced, and that's not even considering the wallet-vampire DLC plan they have planned. Don't recommend buying, try a game that requires skill, not praying that the game will allow you to enjoy yourself.Also, idk if this is a bug, but a few times when blocking I've just been straight up knocked over. No cinematic, no dice rolled, just a turnover and an immediate alt-f4. One was a ratling thrower playing with my friend, the other was a human lineman with block, and my player was a dark elf witch lady with block as well. Just thought I'd add that."
,Recommended,236690,18436270,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Vehicon,Pros:Looks goodFun to playDecent tutorial (the campaign)Cons:Not the real Blood Bowl rules (as far as I can see)Bad single player experienceOverall I'd recommend the game for new players.
76561198007328614,Recommended,236690,22778847,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nyhammar,"This is a fun game to play, especially if you know people who you can play it with. The matchmaking system is a bit shoody and not all teams are in yet, so don't expect a perfect experience. Still, its one of few multiplayer games that really has hooked me in the last years, and it has the perfect combination of randomness, skill and frustration for a good experience."
76561198140903730,Recommended,236690,18376055,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,JonneyDangerous,"The uncertainty and severity in this game makes playing it exhilarating. I find many of the games tense like a good horror flick getting my adrenaline pumping, but football. It can be a frustrating game to learn as mistakes can be consequential and the dice can be very cruel. But the next turn everything can change. I've played Blood Bowl 1 a bit and also some previous versions. This one looks nicer obviously and I find using my Xbox360 controller and keyboard more convenient than keyboard mouse was. I can't wait for additional content. No real complaints other than I know I am going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when my favorite players retire due to age. Having people die is one thing, but only having a limited number of games in each player like I've read seems like it will annoy me greatly. But we will see when I get there. Maybe I wont care. Depending on the team you choose there can be a large hump you may have to get over before your teams can win with any regularity and not have your players die. Dying all the time and losing can be frustrating so consider that when you choose who to play and how you want to play. Reading about the various teams and maybe watching some videos on YouTube or wherever may save you some stress. Great game, I very much recomend it! :)"
76561198026327918,Recommended,236690,18147932,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,WolvezDen,"Major improvement over BB 1, the UI is sleek and the graphics are shiny. No way would Wil Wheaton would come near this game with all the dice.My only complaint is not enough blood for the blood gods."
,Recommended,236690,18445720,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Beanchilla,"I do not have any experience with classic blood bowl, that said, this game has been a ton of fun for me.I feel like the campaign mode, while short and with a very basic plot, helped introduce the basics to me and got me to start playing as my own Skaven team. After a few solo leagues I feel ready to go online and get my face beat in by people who have been playing since the 80s.If you're into games like Frozen synapse or Chaos reborn then this is for you!"
,Recommended,236690,18156944,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Twist3dM1nd,"Yes game is not perfect maybe to everyone - there is loads of angry/whiny people at least in Steam forums because they feel that game was not the game that was sold to them.But ... and as always when someone says ""But.."" then someone takes a offense about it.Game works fine what I have played it, it has amazing feeling in it and tweak here and there will make it even more perfect Blood Bowl experience."
,Recommended,236690,18150302,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,LugdunonTG,I'm a huge Blood Bowl fan and Blood Bowl 2 hit the mark for me. Blood Bowl 2 has made some serious improvements. The game has great and extremely hard hitting animations. Mixed with the sound design when a character moves down the feild you can hear their weight stomping down the field. When you hit a player down to the floor the new take down animations are just brutal. Every dice roll has you sitting forward in your seat praying to nuffle you will get the result you neeed. If a roll goes against you you pray again hoping that your player will at least still be breathing when he hits the floor. As players earn points and become better you grow increasingly attached to them but the threat of death in Blood Bowl could take them scream away at anytime. Theres a agood mix of strength and agility teams in the launch line up with 2 more coming very soon. I've been experimenting with a lot of them and I've having a great time doing it. Cannot wait for more teams and hopefully I'll see you in the multiplayer leagues!For anyone interested I will be doing regular videos on Blood Bowl 2 having a look at all teams and trying them out for your viewing pleasure. I tried the dwarfs out during the beta with episode one being available right here:https://youtu.be/jabee4A_5jo
76561198032146654,Recommended,236690,18461156,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,HyHz,"Have to say I was very hesitante due to the fairly mixed reviews this game has recieved. Knowing Cyanide from their Cycling Manager I actually expected both positve and negative to be true.However, I found the positive much more true after about 30 hours of play. Yes, frustrations are real when dices do not go your way but I do feel that it goes both ways - often I pull off some miracle plays or the opponent is unlucky with a goal line fumble.The matches are really entertaining and the races have a lot of variations - Bashy teams being the most similar but with subtle and important nuances."
,Recommended,236690,18147867,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Popcron,I dodge three 33% dodges while running to blitz the puny Dwarf holding the football. I roll two Attacker Downs.Blood Bowl 2 in a nutshell.
76561198003675627,Recommended,236690,18449596,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Generic_Mistake,A worthwhile upgrade from CE.The price day one is a little high and not a huge roaster.  However big imporovments to the UI and animations.  But most of all the fact that this does not have the game breaking bug of the vanising players while setting up your line is about as big of an improvment as you can get.  That is one of the main reasons I stopped player CE in the first place.As time goes on and the game gets cheeper as well as more teams added this will be a no brainer for BB fans.  For now the price is high so I understand not wanting to jump in just yet.October 2015
76561198007264456,Recommended,236690,24525591,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,hughsebio,"I was a long time BB1 player, and at launch i was furious with this game.It has been improved vastly and now i think i would find it hard to play the first one again. Except for the teams needing to be bought as DLC and single player (both set up and AI) i really do think its better in almost every way to the first.It is definately now worth getting if you are a BB fan or enjoy a good tactical, fun game and you wants to play online as it has almost no single player challange at all"
76561198093248691,Not Recommended,236690,28819042,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kisstantari,"This game is a joke, wanna play with your controller? To bad, wont recognize it or let ya change the settings. The one and only reason i bought this was so i could sit back on the couch and play but wont let me. Think ill just stick with chaos edition lest they are not making me pay for evey fricking race."
76561197975888939,Recommended,236690,22775525,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MooFreaky,"THIS IS NOT A SPORTS GAMEIf you are buying BB2 thinking OMG a fast paced mix of American Football and AWESOME you are only half right.The game is slow and tactical (and a mix of American Football and AWESOME).  It's a turn based strategy game.You will rage at the game.  You will throw your keyboard/headphones/whatever is lying nearby.  You will curse the game and ragequit.  You will then be sucked back into the game to try another round.It's not the rage caused by a bad/unfair game.  It is the rage caused when a strategy game doesn't go your way and you were oh so close to winning.If a turn based, tactical board game is your type of thing then I strongly recommend BB2.  It isn't perfect (the AI is lacklustre once you know the game) but it looks good, it runs well, it's fun and it's incredibly rewarding.Most of the negative reviews are because people want it to be a game that it's not."
,Recommended,236690,22794226,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Super Granny Hipster,"Honestly my reaction to this game is mixed. The game is fun and the feeling of yelling ""Elf ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" down the mic at your friend as you make three dodges and pick up the ball is amazing. On the reverse of this is that those things can happen to you and it can suck a little but you just got to remeber the good times.Yes. the menus could be streamlined for better use and yes the puchesses of races are annoying however the game is not bad. I haven't had any bugs happen since I started playing.The DLC races do cost a bit. However if you look at the cost of production I can compleatly understand why they are DLC. The Races take time and money to finish so they take a while to apply polish to.MY recommendation buy the game if you like what you see NOW. FUTURE CONTENT WILL BE IN THE FUTURE! So buy it then. Strongly reccomend the game especially with a friend to play against though"
76561198011619955,Recommended,236690,18164889,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Faxx2,"I would recomend this game if you are a keen bloodbowl fan. It does have its niggles but so far I have not regreted my purchase.  My only main gripe is with ofline mode-particularly the AI--which can take its time to take its move.All in all a greate updating of the previous titles, with a more user friendly and cleaner (at least in my mind) UI.I would strongly recomend watching a couple of gameplay youtube vidios if you are unsure--and if you are still unsure there is always Steam refunds!!"
,Not Recommended,236690,25191049,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RoyalReno Gaming,Single Player only lets you play one team...
76561198102109942,Recommended,236690,23039292,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Frankolino,Fun and Addictive. But it could have more single player options and campaings. And it is missing a Save option during the (long) games.
,Recommended,236690,22664483,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,illicit,"Solid, brutal, and fun game, but there's not enough races and once your team gets so good you're almost forced to fire some of your players because you don't make anymore money from matches."
76561198011432028,Recommended,236690,18165049,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bartimaeus,I really enjoy the team customization aspects of this game. Maybe the negative results are coming from people who hoped for just more interactivity but it does what it does very well. If you liked XCOM for the team building and strategy you probably will like this. If you're more of a fast paced real time gamer then this probably isn't for you.
,Recommended,236690,18165952,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Vangald,It's a blast to play just as it was before. The rules are implamented better for the most part. Most of the bad reviews ♥♥♥♥♥ about not having the style of campaign seen in the first game but you cand do that by making a league and filling it with bots. The new multiplayer league system is slicker than its ever been. The UI is great but does take a bit to get used to because everything is streamlined for the most part and sometimes its easy to over look info right in front of your nose. It has several teams right now with others to be added as DLC. We even have a team right now we didn't have before with the Britonians. As long as the other teams are reasonable priced this is looking to continue to be a fantastic game for some time to come. Can't wait to see leagues pop up on Twtch as well.
,Recommended,236690,18167539,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[BT] Berry Punch,"Bloodbowl 2 is a strong recreation of the Games Workshop game of the same name and seems to be perfectly fuctional, graphically majorly improved, and much more stable then its previous incarnations.Are there a few quibbles? Certainly, but the only major complaint I have is the lack of a couches lobby and even then it would simply be very nice to have. A sticking point might be that there are only 8 (9 with the pre-order bonus, however they are not yet released) in the base game, but it is a good selection with more coming via DLC which will allow coaches to pick which teams they want to play as without the rebuying fiasco of the previous edition. (Note- you can play *against* any team that your opponents have, you do not need the DLC teams to participate in leagues for example)One thing I really should note.  While BB2 does include a single player campain and the capacity to play single player vs the computer, this is not the focus of the game and it shows. While the AI is stronger then it was in BB1, it still has a hard time picking stratagies based on what turn it is. Bloodbowl is ment to be league experience vs other people.I have had a hell of a good time, even when I have had may teams collective face stomped in, Nuffel be prasied."
,Not Recommended,236690,23045967,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hunter,"Its not a bad game but its not good either.When this game came out it was greatbecause almost everyone was on a even levelnow the game is completly unbalanced because you NEEDTO WIN to get money, leveling of your team.playing anything remotly squishy like the rats are very prone to die btw death means no matter how much you leveledthat character or how key he was you need to get a replacement because you'll nerver see him again.This makes all the tanky teams really broken because they get to stay leveled longeur."
76561197995878700,Recommended,236690,18254700,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Palpatween,"(Note: Though I am an amateur Games Workshop tabletop gamer, I haven't ever played tabletop Blood Bowl and I don't know if it is the same as this digital version. If not, I'd imagine it's pretty close!)Do you have a gambling problem? This is the game for you. If you want a game that you will always win, keep moving. If, however, you want a punishing title that will sometimes make you scream for bad dice rolls, you found it. I think that's the charm of Blood Bowl 2. You could be royally screwed over on a dice roll that there was no reason to lose, yet so could your opponent. This game sometimes makes losing both fun and hilarious!Blood Bowl 2 is a mashup between the Games Workshop high fantasy universe and American football. It is turn based and your turn continues until you are finished moving players or you make a mistake and one of your players goes down or misses a catch (a turnover.)Each of your players has stats that determine movement range, number of dice rolled when blocking, catching, etc. The system is perfectly balanced and easy to understand. I find it very simple to estimate odds on the fly.Want a football game where players can be injured or killed? You're looking at it! I once played a game where my opponent only had three or four players left (total is always 11 with reserves.) Best part about the injuries (or worst, depending on perspective) is that they can stick with your players permanently. Death is also permanent. It's not all bad, though, as your players level up and can pick new skills or stats. My favorite part of the game and absolutely crucial in multiplayer.Speaking of multiplayer, there are official and user-created leagues and I haven't once found myself unable to locate an opponent. Multiplayer makes this game one of my favorites and I highly recommend it, even to people not into sports.Single player campaign seems fun, though I was bored of playing humans so I haven't completed it. It does appear to be short, perhaps meant as a way for new players to quickly learn the game.I give this game a 9/10. I can't wait to see some new races added to the mix. I'm also looking forward to the opening of the trading markets, where you can put players on the market and I think purchase others. Great fun! I would like to also see more lines from the hilarious commentators. (Bonus points to the devs for the Doctor Who and Game of Thrones reference. LOL!)"
76561198048985215,Recommended,236690,18461327,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,vjekoslav.skakalo,"Its a really fun game, the grapichs are beautiful to look at.The campain is lacking (its just a long tutorial) even so it was fun  and i felt like real Blood Bowl manager.There need to be more races to play with.Plus there need to be unique cheerleaders for every race.I had no problem with the AI, there were no huge missplays on their part.In the end a relly liked this game for its: charm,unique gameplay,beatuful grapichs and Warhammer theme!!!"
,Recommended,236690,18178951,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,=^_^=,"If you're looking for a turn-based tactical game with persistance between matches and character progression this is pretty much it. I never played the first game, so I can't really see most of the complaints people who were fans of the first seem to make for the most part. That said, some of the interfaces and stat pages could probably be improved and when playing in single player I really wish there was an option to accelerate the AI's turns. The pacing of the game can be a bit slow too, but I think that's more an issue with the source material than the video game adapation.All-in-all, I enjoy this game."
76561198021975625,Recommended,236690,23050092,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,WeilIchsKann,"The old reviews don't apply anymore, except for the races. Anyways the gaming experience is better in bb2 than in bb chaos edition. The UI is very userfriendly and slick. New races are quickly coming. If you buy the game now you get the next 3 DLC for free also."
,Recommended,236690,23050501,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,This is a very fun adaptation of the table top game. I've played since first edition and I can finally play a digital version of my beloved Skavenblight Scramblers. The customization is nice. The race selection is good. Campaign has been fun so far and making a league looks to be fun. These are my early impressions.
76561198045034352,Recommended,236690,18874493,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jack,"This game barly makes the thumbs up... Just because it's nothing in between...Well to start of with the positives, The game looks wonderful, feels wonderful, and they have done a lot of inprovements on their previus installments when it comes to UI and graphics...Atleast now you dont have to dig down in a 80 page long Blood bowl manual to eaven try to understand why you allways fail your dodges.... All Tackle zones are color marked, and it will show you a clear % risk of sucsess/Fail.Eaven me that played the previus installment (Never the tabletop though), and basicly learned it by reading up on it, really aprciate not having to bring pen and paper to play a computer game :DOn the Negative side as mentioned probably all over this page.... Half the game is missing.. ++ chaos Expantion, there is a wely limited number of teams to pick from at the moment, and you get really tired of playing agenst the same teams over and over.And sadly you dont really have to take many looks on the screenshots to understand that creating fully animated content for a bunch of teams will take a long time.... we got our 2 DLC's (They where actually finished before game release), but I dubht we will se a new one for a while, and just one more team wont have me playing for months...."
76561198017599168,Recommended,236690,18666005,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SFF2000,"As a new player to Blood Bowl, I can easily recommend this game. I enjoy it quite a bit. While I have noticed some things are not clear, like fouls % (which I now know now is % to injure - instead of something like % to get away with the foul), everything has been great...in multiplayer. The single player/campaign is boring as heck, just go through a few skirmishes and you will be good to go. Part of the game is the randomness, praise be to Nuffle, and the other is experience which comes through playing the game."
76561198006124288,Recommended,236690,18166198,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,NinjaStyle,Great game a much more streamlined version of the first one accept for the lack of teams currently in its exactly what i wanted.
,Recommended,236690,18166391,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sigmar's Faithful,"Ok, yes this game has only 8 teams, just like the original Cyanide Blood Bowl game which later got a free expansion of 1 team.Ok the game still has bugs -- minor, mostly non-game breaking bugs.The game offered DLCs for preorder, which are pushed back because of development time got extended -- and for all those pre-orders who doesn't like this, know well that you still have the DLC.What's with all the whining? Is this the 1970s where games where perfect -- spoilers: they got bugs too! And they won't be fixed at all.No releastic expectations, no basic understand of economy and romantilization of an industry always filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and this perfectly playable game is somehow all that's wrong with the gaming industry?No, it's a good game. It's not perfect, no it's not even great, but it's blood bowl it's RNG, and there you are -- a good game."
76561198052372005,Recommended,236690,18175642,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Reslain,"Awesome adaptation of the original game, and i prefer the set-up with dlc instead of full on expansions for more races.Cons would be that there is so far no way of enabling a grid."
,Recommended,236690,23042869,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,-=[Grim]=-Zero,"Good game fun to playI would recomend looking up a guide or 2 too the race you want to play.Cash shop is cosmetic except race's but you can buy those through steam and some cash shop currency can be earned through playing.More race's from previous games coming soon.Biggest complaints i see are from people saying its not as complete as a game thats been out for almost a decade, shocker."
76561198030873723,Recommended,236690,18421993,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,F0x,"This is one damn fun game, especially with a group of your own mates tosmash into bloody bitsplay against and overall the game plays well although there are a few issues that still need to be resolved.Typical negative issues are the fact that a lot of the models look very much alike and this problem is compounded by not being able to place markets on players to help identify those players with special skills.  Other issues such as the multiplayer camera not staying in one spot in the other players turn as it tracks what the other coach is clicking on.  This makes it hard at times to examine enemy players and see what skills they have.  Maybe it's just me but I end up wasting too much time trying to scan players players and not enough hurrying my turn.That aside, the graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is smooth, the combat is real and the gameplay is great.This game is a MUST buy if you enjoy mutiplayer, turn based or american football type games with fantasy races and violence.F0x"
,Not Recommended,236690,24980421,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Juacqer,"Blood Bowl 2 by Cyanide should not be anyone's first experience with Blood Bowl.Blood Bowl has been around since 1986 and its third edition won an Origin Award for best miniatures rules in 1994. I will say the bulk of the rules work after Death Zone was done by amateurs and not properly play tested.  I have been playing since second edition but quickly adopted the third edition upon its release. I have also successfully studied probability, statistics, logic, and programming at the collegiate level. I apply statistics, calculus level math, and light computer programming in my daily job.The probability, logic, and programming of BB2 are all broken. They have failed to monetize it correctly, missing out on a substantial sum,  and instead are gouging the few players they have on DLC that should be included. They fail to police their online play; resulting in free range for cheats and hacks. They also ignore their own support emails. The community is largely apathetic to these issues and typically respond with the chorus of, “find a private league.” Either this or they openly attack the person broaching the issue with nitpicks or failed math. Please read on statistical sample size determination, standard deviation, and confidence interval, don’t stop with high school probability. It shows a failure of opportunity.The only people who should purchase this game are people who truly understand what Blood Bowl is and are unable to sit across a board with friends. If you know what Blood Bowl is and your work, life, gaming balance is such that you cannot play in person; buy BB2. Keeping it alive may convince a good publisher to pick up the torch and do it right. A person who has never had the fun of rolling the block dice, please avoid for your own good."
76561198050252604,Recommended,236690,18232088,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Spencer1K,"Very fun game but missing some of the races of previous blood bowl (I guess it will be dlc or something? not sure...). Its basicly the same rules as blood bowl 1 except a lot of the game is made clearer with % chance of stuff showing up now and the campaign teaches you the basics pretty well. I would have to say BB2 is better then BB1 because of these improvements and if you havenet played blood bowl before and your looking for a turn based game with very indepth game play mechanics and tons of unique characters that all feel very different adding to the replayability then this is a great buy.Few warnings though, have already encounted several bugs, such as your formations wont save between games, I keep crashing on the same campaign mission and cant complete it (campaign is a small fraction of the game and mainly there to teach you though and has funny dialog), encounted invisable units making tracking them on the field kinda difficult and sometimes the events wont actually occur even if it says they have (gnome crashing onto field creating an outside the pitch zone didnt show up). People have also said that some of these buggs were a problem in beta so there is a chance they wont be patched out either, im not totaly sure.The multiplayer and solo leagues still are tons of fun though so still worth buying regardless of these problems if this is the type of game your looking for."
,Recommended,236690,18160091,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Avriality,"First of all got a lot of people complaining about small things which generally I take as the game is good.  If the biggest complaints are things that are going to be added and improve then it is on the right track.  The game is very solid a lot of haters just arent that great at the game loose a few times then drop the game saying its bad.To those people saying there isnt any info you should learn to google the in game tutorial is actually the campaign mode and the game is fully explained there. For advanced tactics there arer dozens of blood bowl strategy guides on literally all of the things you would want to know.There is nothing like the risk management you learn from this game I went from  loosing every game and getting awesome ego boosters through chat like ""Easiest td ever!""  to straight dominating the pitch.Pros-Beautiful graphics-Fast matching-Great fun upgrading both team and characters-Engaging story in campaign-Tons of leaguesCons-Still awaiting some features-Character level up doesnt change appearance (Mutations do)All in all I believe the game is an upgrade to its previous versions its just the complaints are it didnt start with the dozens of races the previous games did but it has just released and its good to learn teams at a slower pace so your not overwhelmed as a new player.9/10 would fumble on the 1 yard line on a GFI again!"
76561197993315064,Not Recommended,236690,18189989,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sayrthara,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ upgrade from previous games, no real campaign, destroyed rules in turoial, mismanaged online legaue play - this sucks so much I'd like to get a refund immediately."
76561198006758332,Recommended,236690,24945554,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,gudbrandur,"As per most of the Specialist games produced. Blood bowl 2 is an ""OK"" game if you havent played blood bowl on the tabletop, but if you do like blood bowl in general you will find great satisfaction with this game (you can have fun with this game even if you dont play the tabletop, but us model painters and playing-field designers love the game to begin with).The blood bowl games adhere to the classic rules so strictly it´s almost refreshing, and blood bowl 2, though a bit ""preemium"" in terms of pricing, will not fail to impress.Bynote, this game involves strategy, team management and a good bit of luck. If you like any game where you need to take a team of units into a battle, and the postgame of experience awards and equipment is important (Such as for example X-Com, loads of rougelikes, RPG's etc) you may find yourself liking Blood bowl more than you though you would."
,Recommended,236690,24958540,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jahz,"I figured I would add my opinion of the game since I am seeing a lot of negative reviews that I feel don't do justice to the game. I am fairly new to Blood Bowl, I remember seing it around but I never got around to getting into it until Blood Bowl 2 came out. I first started playing on the PS4 but switched to the Mac version after it was available.The switch did come with a couple hiccups with the screen resolution and the chat window that were addressed in patches. I find that there is a fairly active community that surrounds the game and I have found the most fun when playing in custom leagues. Plenty of teams from the original roster are missing and the developers are in the process of adding them. It is taking longer than we players of the game would like but it is an ongoing process and it does not make the game any less enjoyable, it just limits the variety of teams but there is still considerable diversity.The game is very tactical and it definitely has a learning curve which can be frustrating to some players. However, if you have the interest and the patience to learn the game you will be rewarded with enjoyable strategy, deep tactics and punishing chance. Either the tutorial campaign or reading up in the rules and watching streames is definitely recommended for new players because otherwise you will not undertand why something is happening the way it is.You will cheer and celebrate when things work out and you will most likely curse at your screen when they don't. Things don't always work out in your favor even if you think that they should, such is the way of Blood Bowl. All the chance in the game revolves around risk mitigation and taking a decision on when to take a risk and how much of a risk to take. Whether it works out or not it all depends on chance. If you play with the sole intent of winning then the game will test your patience. However if you play it as a team-building, tactical RP where anything can happen to derail your plans then you will get more mileage out of it."
76561197982872523,Recommended,236690,18337402,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,_sjc_,so far very good play similar to board game and a few nods to previous pc bb games.  Big diffrence is that when you fail a block on offence (in campaign)  you do no turn it over.  Not sure if that will change later but at this point this mechanic gives a leg up to the brutal teams bent on kill/maining.
76561198006525041,Recommended,236690,18260665,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,warboy,"Now, I wasn't going to buy this game based on some of the negative reviews, however I loved and played BB1 and Chaos Edition so much I felt I owed it to the game to at least give it a try. I'll try and make my review unbias, however I do enjoy the game so far, so that's going to show through.I've played around 3 matches now, and I can say I'm really impressed.For anyone concerned that there may not be a way to do Single player tournaments, well let me put your mind at ease, as there is. You can build a team, and then choose to do a whole tournament vs AI instead of online.With that out of the way, I was a much happier player! I spent most of my time in Blood Bowl 1 just building teams and doing tournaments, and here you can do the same thing.Also, once you actually play it, you can see a lot of work has gone into it. Sure, there are only 8 teams + the pre-order teams, however there has been a lot of effort put into those teams, and we all know more will be released.The game as it stands is very playable, and you can turn the commentators off. (the subtitles stay on, but they'll no doubt put in a fix for that)So here's a quick layout for you to make up your own mindPros - The UI is modern and simple. It takes some getting used to but it's cleaner and I found it uncluttered and easy to use.-The graphics are better (of course) but they have really put a lot of love into this game-The block animations are great, I love them, if you don't you can turn them off... but I'll never get sick of my Dark Elves kicking over an opposition!-It's still Blood Bowl, the rules are the same, they have stayed true, they haven't tried to make a blitz mode which for me is a pro, instead they have put all their effort into making a working tournament system, that you can either play online or solo. It has a home stadium you can sink spare gold into, it has an coach experience system, it feels like there are a lot of other ways to spend your cash-The campaign is only Humans, I don't like humans, but the campaign in the last was only humans or orcs, and apparently they have put in a LOT of extras into it to make it an interesting story, so I'll try it, but I can't comment on it as I haven't yet. I think it's a pro that they didn't just leave it as tournament play, they actually put in some effort here!-The AI is smarter... definitely smarter... which makes it a lot more dangerousAverage--The game takes a little longer, I am sure I could trim it by chopping back animations and gaining more experience on the UI, but the old Blood Bowl took around 20 mins a match, which was nice.-Since the tournament is online or solo, it saves your team after a match. This stops you from loading when you lose a player. I love and hate this feature, as it could break your team to lose your star player, but then... it's blood bowl... players die... So as long as you can come to terms with this, then you'll be fine. I'm still coming to terms with it, but it's not a con.-The team count. Who cares? Some obviously do. This in no way affected my decision to purchase this game. I have a lot of teams I enjoy playing, some are here, some aren't. It hasn't bothered me.Cons-To be completely honest, I bought it knowing it was blood bowl, and it is. It's better than the last in a lot of ways, it's worse in few. I don't mind the crowd is all human. The crowd in the last game was barely rendered...-The cheerleaders are only human, this doesn't affect gameplay...  but I'll list it here, it's something they will add in.That's about it. I just wanted to put in a review that assures people they can spend hours on the single player, just like the last game, and still have team progression. The price point is pretty good for a game I know I'll spend 100+ hours playing...For those that aren't buying it due to the number of teams playable, well, that's a shame, but they will release more.I can't comment on the Multi-player or campaign as I haven't tried them yet"
76561198128989051,Recommended,236690,18350700,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,HeyLow0,"Fantastically fun, yet rage inducing. Gotta love it."
,Recommended,236690,18165523,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,j4zz,"The price tag is a bit heavy at the moment, but other than that it's pretty awesome! As I'm new to Blood Bowl, I don't mind that there is a limited number of races, and the lack of graphic settings don't bother me as well when the gameplay is that much fun!"
76561197966543763,Recommended,236690,18176053,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,fRodos_,"Awesome game ! spent over 200 hours on BB1, and this game is just awesome !Hope they add solo-league against your own teams and/or friends and/or ai mixed with them.9/10 ! super fun game !"
,Recommended,236690,18192147,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Levi Travnik,Was winning 2-0 until 4 of my Saurus were either killed or injured in a single turn. Nuffle please.
76561198044609701,Recommended,236690,18178243,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,maasta,"It is blood bowl and it does make BB1 look like an old console game of the late 90s. There is still  lot to come, but it is awesome for a first release.I have been part of the BETA from day one and I think the team is really trying hard to make the game even more awesome!Best Turnbased game ever, Now looking sweet as well!"
,Recommended,236690,18690819,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,UneasyBoosh,"All the complaints about this game are from diehard BB1 players who are not happy about paying full price for a game that is not as ""complete"" as BB1. Reminds me alot of when Civ5 released and all the diehard Civ4 fans cried.This is a solid strategy sports game with a fun storymode as well as team progression in multiplayer and singleplayer leagues. Would recommend to anyone who likes the idea of a turnbased strat game mixed with sports and enjoys the fantasy setting. 8/10"
,Recommended,236690,22248547,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,waycooler,"""i mean, i can't possibly lose more than one, maybe two rats this game""- 10 minutes later -""what do you mean half the team is dead"""
76561198086478764,Not Recommended,236690,21614225,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Walrus in space,"Honestly it just felt like the developers didn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥on this one.Single player options and a general lack of choice for what you want to do is completely gone.Instead they give you one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ team and no option beyond that.Online is online and it just isn't as fun with what little they give you.This game overall is very lacklustre and overpriced for what it is.Not worth the $50 I payed for, not worth the 10-15 FPS, and not worth having only 10 playable races (2 are DLC). Just get Blood Bowl: chaos edition instead."
,Recommended,236690,28656219,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MaTheMeatloaf!,On the fence about buying this game? Use the following check list as a guideDo you like Xcom ?Do You like football ?Do you like the warhammer warcraft type fantasy characters?If you answered yes to all 3 bu this *^&&^ game now!!!!!!!
76561198134730614,Recommended,236690,22980311,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dominicoliver82,"BB2 is far FAR superior to BB1 in everyway. It looks beautiful; the cut scenes will make you cheer, and the stadiums have a real Warhammer feel to them.  The interface is clean and easy to look at, which is a MAJOR improvement as the interface for BB1 looked like it was developed it 1995! The camera is also far more dynamic, and when you get used to the gameplay you can blitz (pun intended) through your turns in 90 seconds."
,Recommended,236690,18182130,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,CP Klein,"4 Enemy's and 3 Friendlys surrounding the ball playing hot potato. Check1st Block action resulting in a Death. CheckSkaven Gutter Runner going through half a dozen tackle zones to make a touchdown. CheckThese are just a few of things that make Blood Bowl exciting and fun. Expect the worst outcome and I gurantee you at some point you will see it. Do not the make the mistake of taking this game seriously its meant to be quite silly and fun, the shear randomness adds to that aspect."
76561198044253862,Recommended,236690,18186880,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,guruland,"I have played the first editions of the game and i am a huge supporter, so i immediately bought this one when it came out. I have read a lot of reviews here and this is my view about the game.Pro's- Better graphics (personally i do not care too much about graphics, however having improved graphics and annimations helps)- The commentating has been improved.- More league types in solo mode (custom league is an improvement).Negatives- The game is not cheap and considering that it is likely going to have several DLC attached, we will probably end up paying a good 100-150$ in the end.- In regards to the fewer races (which is a big debating point), some people are forgetting that the previous versions also came with fewer races. I would say that this is not a problem, the problem is that they will probably charge us a hefty fee for each one. The game is not cheap as it is, so this will make this game extremely expensive.- Blitz mode is out! You used to be able to play the game in real time, which is not the main format to the game, but for people which prefered real time, they now have lost the type of game they liked most.- Overall this game has very little innovation added to it. Basically it is the same game as before, just it looks better and has fewer races. Online mode is improved, but overall it is the same game.- There is no save option during the games. Considering they take a while to complete, i have no idea why that option is not out there. It used to be there.- The gameplay is very slow. I would love an option where i could quicksim the opposition moves in solo mode. Staring at the screen for 2-3 minutes till the computer plays pretty much sucks, you can remove the annimations, which helps, but still, way too much waiting around.What i would have liked to see- A LOT more stats. The history section is very limited. There should be a lot more added to beef that section up.- Not much in terms of customization. I mean why is there no editor? Maybe i want to make a custom team or customize my players or opponents. I know that is not part of the original game, but i do not see why the developers did not add that option out there. I mean, i cannot even custom pick my own opponents in the solo leagues. I have to random pick which type of teams will be included in my leagues.- Why is there no hotseat co-op mode! I mean that would be an awesome option considering how few games use co-op these days on the PC.Overall?If you have never played this game, you will love it if you like turn based sports games. There is not much which compares to this on the market. To a new player, this looks like a more polished and improved version, with the better graphics, annimations, commentary and online mode.To a true fan of the series though, losing Blitz mode, losing 75% of the races in exchange for the better graphics (which get repetitive very early in a game like this), could be a serious drawback. I gave the game a recommended, mainly because this is an awesome game, just i feel that considering they had 6 years to make a new version, they could have added more to it, instead of removing what used to be there and charging us for everything."
76561198018611306,Not Recommended,236690,30095804,Posted: 22 February,all,StraitofLadle,"Because the game is mostly Multiplayer - since Singleplayer is nothing more than a tutorial - then play at your own risk.  I've found the community very welcoming and fun before midnight - EST - but after that time?.. well, it's very toxic.  And since I'm usually only playing after midnight, I'm now uninstalling.Edit: Add a mute button or a way to hide chat and I'll change the review."
76561198047513529,Recommended,236690,19353384,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vulkan - XVIII LEGION,"If you are a fan of the game itself, this doesn't disappoint.  Fun to play, especially in a league with friends.   A little expensive sure at the outset, but I'm sure it will go down sooner or later in a steam sale."
76561197998255697,Recommended,236690,18925111,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,KrisJay,"I am absolutely loving this game. I have not played Blood Bowl in any form before. The base price was a bit steep for me but on sale it was worth it.Pros: excellent turn-based, tactical gameplay (based one a board game), good graphics and balanced variety in teams.Cons: high price, one game takes about an hour or more and can be tiring when starting up, and some may not like the fantasy setting with orcs, elves, dwarves etc. (which I do not mind btw).Recommendedif you like tactical, turn-based ""American football"" of some  sorts."
76561198021683560,Recommended,236690,19348455,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Potato,"This is the Blood Bowl game that does the best job at displaying information and teaching how to play, so if you're new to Blood Bowl you should consider if that and the better graphics outweight the higher price tag compared to Blood Bowl 1."
,Recommended,236690,18224802,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,thisfred,"The best iteration of the franchise yet, without a doubt, but graphics aside, the improvements are incremental. The UI is more intuitive and clear than any previous Blood Bowl game, and the Tutorial/Campaign will actually gradually teach you how to play, by introducing rules one by one, rather than tell you to go read the rulebook.Online matches work well, and turns are (by default) timed at 2 minutes each, so a match will not take more than an about an hour.Player created leagues, persistent team improvements, injuries and deaths, as well as the transfer market, could make for a fun meta-game, but it's early days yet.If you've ever played and enjoyed Blood Bowl, digitally or otherwise, you will probably not regret picking this up, despite its steep price tag. If you haven't, and are unsure if it's worth the price of admission for you, I would recommend picking up Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition at a discount first, though you will have to make more of an effort to learn the rules of the game there yourself."
76561198002682957,Recommended,236690,18228948,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Jester099,"I recommand this game because it's the computer version of a board game. It's a people vs people kindda game.  That is beautifully done. The game is great. I love the graphics, the game play, everything. The controls are intuitive.It's great to play the multiplayer game, player vs player, but if you want a game to play alone, against the computer, just don't buy it.  The AI is ridiculously studif. It's never going to beat you if you know what you're doing. It fails to do even the simplest moves, the no brainers..."
76561198067701340,Recommended,236690,18222643,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,turtlehobo,"So this game is a thing. Much like the first, if you don't like turn based strategy, it's probably not for you. Regardless, Cyanide really stepped up on this one, taking what we loved from the first Blood Bowl and fixing most of what we didn't (at leas as far as they could within the context of the game). A solid tutorial in the form of the first few games in Campaign mode spoon-feeds what could have been an overwhelming onslaught of rules, mechanics and fluff. You don't have to be a fan of Games Workshop or Warhammer (I wasn't when I first started) or sports (in some cases, you almost wouldn't want to be) to really get into it. Overall it's fun, quirky, and more than a little infuriating at times. Now, repeat after me...O mighty Nuffle, Lord of the Blood Bowl,Please see fit to grace me with 2-die blocks,Guide me as I charge forth into Blitzes,And please, O please, don't kill my runner on his oh-so-important Go For It roll that we desperately need to score that last Touchdown to secure the win."
76561198113959583,Not Recommended,236690,18322482,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BlueWatermelon,"I have mixed feeling about this game. After about 12 hours of playing the campaign, studying strats and starting team builds, I went multiplayer and got handily taken apart. Most of my opponents were at least a few hundred points higher level.In my experience, considering how long the games run (about an hour) the game does a poor job of making you feel like you are actually having fun or working towards something. That being said, I think particularly intelligent people or people who are talented at strategy games may find this game quite fun. In that sense it's very niche.Not sure whether I would recommend this to my friends or gamer coworkers. I'm just not sure they would find it fun."
,Recommended,236690,18277939,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[CF] spooky katanaOTT,"Great game, great animations, and the idea of this has always appealed to me. There's just something about fantasy creatures in a sports event that I've always been dreaming of, even thought I don't like sports. So, if your taste is similar to mine, this game is perfect.Note: although you may at first glance think this game is pretty easy and you don't need a good PC, and you can just play it on your Dad's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old laptop, don't be fooled, this game is neither. The animations can at some times be really freakin' awesome, but also quite demanding, and DAMN, for a first time player, this game is hard to get into, but once you do, it's great!(This is another account from the one I've played this game on)"
,Recommended,236690,18361312,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,{SKMS} ThePwnisher,"Join our 1 min league: Think Fast 1 Min.Excellent game, lots of fun, big learning curve. Definitely worth giving a shot too. This game has high replay value already for the price. Great community.This is the type of game where the training/campaign doesn't get your very far in the beginning. You need to dive in and lose a few games to get the hang of it.Thankfully the community is full of support and newbie tips. I recommend checking out cknoor and crendor on twitch and youtube for tips and tricks.Cknoor's steam community has helped me a ton on team builds.I don't have many played hours yet, but i'm excited and enjoy this game a lot. When i'm not studying i'm watching live streams on twitch while i'm at work or relaxing between class.I plan to update after more played hours."
76561198009026903,Recommended,236690,26397962,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,George RR Martin,"This is an improvement in every phase from CE, which I enjoyed despite UI flaws. I am thoroughly pleased with every aspect of this iteration and look forward to playing several hours on it."
76561198000674428,Recommended,236690,26274836,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Only Slightly Bent,Played this game entirely to much. It is a great adaptation of a great game.
76561198117675449,Not Recommended,236690,18901381,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vorpal_Rabbit,"The most painfully RNG dominated game on the planet.  The concept for Blood Bowl is awesome, but when the best strategy is to try to do nothing so you dont have to roll the dice and have a chance to get screwed something is wrong."
76561198006917462,Recommended,236690,19273646,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Renegade,I want murder!!
76561198032370247,Recommended,236690,19427890,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Odhinn,"Having played the board / miniatures games, and also BB1, exstensively through the years, I was really looking forward to this one. I have now  played the game for over 120 hours and must say I enjoy it immensely. The only thing I can complan about really, is that the commentaries do get repetitive after a while.9 / 10"
,Not Recommended,236690,23137070,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Cruxan,The expectations from the board game played 15 years ago kinda killed the feeling for the game. Maybe if the actions where  visualized with the  dice-rolls involved  would bring more to it?
76561198272929764,Recommended,236690,32072647,Posted: 30 May,all,KlausHeisler,"This game is effing terrible, just straight away. It is. This review is not about the game mechanics, they work well, though I still have my doubts about loaded dice. So lets start from the beginning.The single player campaign is a joke. Its about getting  the Reikland Reavers to former glory. You have no options about team design or even how to play for the most part. Saying the single player campaign is bad is not enough, its a guided tutorial. After finishing it, you ""can"" play single against a ridiculous AI in single player tournaments. Good for trying out new team setups (in theory, MPs will rip your precious designs)  but noting more.But its Blood Bowl right? Its about MP. I only played the official tournaments so far, and my XP in this is also just terrible. Maybe results differ when you are playing with people you know, but hey, I'm playing online because I have no one for table top playing in the first place. So all the reviews that state ""yadayadayada.... play with some friends in your own league""...well you get my pointThe interface, dont get me started. Its one of the most counter intuitiv designs I have come across in 30 years of gaming. For starters you start a MP match, you dont get to see the team rooster, but the picture of the team. You have to click one more tab. Also navigating your teams, its ALWAYS one or two clicks more that are needed. Message me if you disagree but I swear I will present you with the idea of a GUI that is more sleak and usefull within 3 secs. You always have to hit a button that presents you with a different view, than you will find what you are looking for with just another 2 clicks. Its just a click too far every single time,To get a MP started you have to register in a league, so far so ok. If you want to play a game there, you just hit the ""find and opponent"" button. AAANNND thats about it. You dont see what your chances are to find an adequate opponent. You dont see a lobby how many players are online. You get a guestimate how long it will take to match you but that numbers are just made up. So you want to play, hit the button, than you wait. You cant get up to do something else, because you get punished by the game mechanics if you let a counter go to zero. YOu dont get notified if you found a match. Basically you sit there and stare at the screen. And wait. and wait. ....anything between an hour and 20 secs is possible.  wtf are we in the middle ages of IT?The money, its all about the money right? 30 EUS for a game is ok, charging 30 EUS for all the DLC additionally is not.No new animations, you dont even have to download something. YOU JUST PAY FOR BEING ALLOWED to start teams with another race.They made promises to fix this with a legendary edition soon, but seriously? They are proud to announce to charge only ""about"" 50% of the legendary edition price to people who already own the original game with all DLCs. And thats not even sure.So, summary here. Its Blood Bowl, You currently have to invest 60 EUS to get all of it. They want to charge you some 30 EUS more when legendary comes out and the game and interface just suck at this state, the community is mixed but partly toxic,Would play again, but not because its a good game. Its Blood Bowl ."
,Recommended,236690,28573479,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mabatsekker,"Don't start your turn by attempting to pick up the ball.Don't try to pass either.In fact, unless your movement ends up in the end zone with the ball without a chance of failure, you shouldn't move either.Good lord, the little nuances.Just go for the murder instead, sheesh!"
,Not Recommended,236690,24592079,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tyrant Shadow,The game is more luck based than anything else. The only strategy comes from trying to minimize the amount of rolls you do. The game also seems to randomly pick someone at the start of the match and give them all the bad rolls which leads to some very frustrating instances where you are forced to lose to others. It can be fun occassionaly but the game is mostly just frustrating.
,Recommended,236690,19277050,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ax2Grind93,"Interesting digital adaptation of the table top game. Improved visual style, clear probability listed for various actions.  Love the variety of play styles between different teams and customization options."
76561198003910791,Recommended,236690,19854023,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fudg3nippl3s,soo many virgins lifes sacraficed to nuffle god YET SOOO MANY ONES!!10/10 would re-roll GFI on wardancer to snake eyes DEAD!!
,Recommended,236690,24658773,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Surge,"Most of the negative reviews are from entitled brats who expect all of the content in BB1 Chaos Edition to be included in this, which is a totally unrealistic and frankly unfair expectation. Shame on them.A great game, especially if you have fond memories of the tabletop and geography makes playing friends difficult."
,Not Recommended,236690,24662955,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Omni,"I really wanted to be able to write a positive review about this game but I can't. The short version of what could be a long review is that the game is fun, but it is completely lacking in long term playability due to the multiplayer matchmaking system being absolutely horrid.This game is not fun for more than a few matches against the AI. If there was a human element, it would be far more enjoyable but I refuse to sit and wait in a queue for 10 minutes to play one game that the opponent will drop out of 75% of the time after 5 minutes."
,Recommended,236690,26456343,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lorne Malvo,"I didn't realize this game got these negative reviews... Well I didn't check the reviews. I bought it as soon as i saw it in sales. If u liked the bb games before this one, u don't need to think it twice. Sure it's the same game but with better at everything.  Animations, commentary, gameplay. Btw there is single player in this game!! Even if u didn't play the other ones... U can gave it chance if u are fond of the Turn-Based games."
,Recommended,236690,18932929,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Harmon,"Bought it Yesterday, almost put off by all the negative reviews, but it seems they are mostly wrong, the only thing they are right about is the lack of teams, but that is hardly a problem, as more will most likely be added, at a price ofcourse.But the game at current is enjoyable, time consuming and solid.The only con is if you are reading this now you missed the sale."
76561198207659261,Recommended,236690,18949401,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Rusteax,"Awesome game, can't wait to see more races."
76561198009616118,Recommended,236690,18656466,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,-S n S- Broreric,"Best iteration so far. It's not perfect, but I suspect there is currently not enough capital (i.e. market) to make it perfect. This is a step in the right direction, growing the user base which could lead to studios/publishers daring to risk spending more money on the next iteration. Be patient :)Big +====Pretty graphicsNew UI and good user aide in gameNewbie friendlyBig -====No career mode (simple single player ""campaign"")Few races/teamsNo toggle for tackle zonesTry it, you will like it!"
76561198072425677,Recommended,236690,19128743,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ᅚᅚ,No need for butt plugs just buy this game and it will ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥so much more!
76561198028673737,Recommended,236690,19116261,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,TheNickDude,I killed 5 dwarfs in a single game with rats.Pureskill game no rng whatsoever.10/10
76561198035742939,Recommended,236690,28289773,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Serx,"I always felt Blood Bowl was a paradox.  The game is wildly random, yet at the same time the best players will treat their moves with as much care as a chess grandmaster.  I find I really enjoy the game, but only when I'm in the right mindset."
76561198020700271,Recommended,236690,18176987,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,AspektFargin,I must say I am pleasently surprised.  It is turn based strategy sports fantasy craziness at its best.  I am having a blast playing this waiting for my Eternal Crusade alpha access.  P.S. If you want a referral code for eternal crusade that will get you rogue trader points for free and give me a referral bonus hit me up.
76561197988568191,Recommended,236690,18214655,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ValhallaShinyAndChrome,I have better chances to win the lottery without actually playing it then get that extra tile at 86%10/10
76561197963590798,Recommended,236690,18176836,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,-=Dave=-,Bloodbowl 2 is a fun and exciting game.The game is highly replayable and will keep you busy for many hours!
76561198008011752,Recommended,236690,18687063,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sick_faith,"its fun..it looks good and it has a high ""ok just one more game then"" percentage...Blood bowl 2 is worth his money.. ok they could have done more with the graphics and animations but hey..its a board game that doesnt take itself 2 serious. i love it :D"
,Recommended,236690,18672571,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gwynbleidd,This game makes me unbelievably inconsolably mad. But it's pretty fun I guess.
76561197968704738,Not Recommended,236690,18267552,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gravycakes,"The campaign is alright... frustrating but fair....The multiplayer is complete garbage at low levels, ALL of my games have been ended by forfeit.Strategy on offense is the same with every race, make a box and push until you break through or push through enough to handoff. The outcome is entirely dependent on RNG and who has more rerolls because the strategy is so stagnant.Some games start with random events that effect the initial play. Once I had 6 players stunned on the field before kickoff and my opponent had only 1 stunned.If you enjoy the card game War, where the strategy is always the same, the outcome is dependent on luck and randomly someone gets punched in the face for no reason, then this is the game for you!"
76561198099956849,Recommended,236690,18691350,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,bloodraven6267,"This is honestly one of my favorite games, even though i havent put that much time into it, i just havent had time.... nevermind the bad comments, its just people other than yourself..... get the game, and see if you like it, because it doesnt matter what other people think about your taste in videogames"
76561198004657665,Not Recommended,236690,18423178,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Shrek Is Love Shrek Is Life,"Not worth the money wait until they release the definitive dlc addition next year with all the teams.Most peoples problem with this game is that it feels imbalanced toward the ai, which is actually true as the AI will know how certain rolls will pan out before they actually happen. Iv seen ai move away from my ball carrier into a pointless postion only to have them one dice knock my ball carrier down, the ball rolls out of bounds and is tossed back in directly into their repositioned players hands. That beings said its somewhat neccessary as the AI isnt exactly the sharpest and to my knowledge there is no way to raise their skill level.Now in terms of multiplayer this game works very well, there is little to no effort to join a league and iv never had any serious problems mid game. The addition of Britonnia is also a welcome change as they offer a somewhat bashier variety of humans that come with abilities that make the game more interesting. Half the fun in my opinion is assembling a team, naming them and forming emotional investments in their careers. Though teams are not neccesarily balanced there is not neccesarily a need for them to be as the game is based on luck above all things. Yes teams with stronger stat lines will help you hedge your bets but where is the fun in that. All of that being said, its not worth the price.Blood bowl has always been a game that could easily inspire frustration or excitement. If your looking to play with friends online or you want to test your skills agaist strangers then you probably already bought this. If your new to the game and wanted to try your hand at single player and work your way up, dont bother with this buy blood bowl chaos addition for at most half the price. The campain and leagues seem less interactive then its predessesor, all youl be missing are some shiny graphics and brettonia: both things dont add up to a 40$ purchase. May the dice be ever in your favor!"
,Recommended,236690,18341277,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Groundpenguin,"Used to play a fair bit of BB1, payed the tabletop game waay back when. BB2 has been for me a great leap for the game. Much easier to understand what is going on than before. The gameplay is frustrating and gratifying in almost equal measures.  If you like dice based game this is worth a shot, if you enjoyed the table top then you will love this. Some of the animations currently are a little glitchy but these are few and far between.Especially if the game comes on sale you should pick it up."
,Recommended,236690,18883245,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,chaC,Elf bs to a new level
76561197962752195,Recommended,236690,18885742,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,KindaAverageGuy,Enjoyable in its current state though not perfect. The animations are great though you do encounter some bad clipping issues. The UI is intuitive though tooltips are a bit lacking.
76561198044613706,Recommended,236690,18887319,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blackthorn,"I used to play blood bowl back when i was a kid, and once blood bowl 2 showed up in my steam feed i had to give it a go. Now i'm in no way a hardcore blood bowl fan, in fact i had a hard time even remembering the rules. But blood bowl 2 turned out to be just the thing i needed, its easy to get into, the graphics makes it very enjoyable to wacth while you are learning and getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, and if you do need a hand picking up the finer details there is alot of help out there on youtube and forums, Sheepdog's youtube is a great place to starthttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRu57V-oKAkQs4fx76dzIkwNow i think to enjoy blood bowl in the right way you have to do more than just play it, you have to talk to people. Make friends, laugh at you own stupid elf team failing to pick up the ball 7 times in a row, get invited to fun little leagues where you have to agree with you opponent when to play. Don't be afraide to just start out in multiplayer and ask for help, even if most players will see you as an easy win most of them will help you and often tell you what you could do better.Now there are some bad things about the game and some things that sounds worse then they are.The bad:-There are some bugs! most of them are not game breaking but they are annoying as ♥♥♥♥, alot of them are not that obvious until you start trying fancy tactics and they consists mostly of the player not being able to choose when to use certain skills. ( note that this may be intentional and therefor will not be fixed)-Cyanide studios are terrible at communicating-There are only 10 teams are of right now, but more will come as dlc (tho we have no idear when due to the above)-Hardcore players have ALOT of other issues with the game, because bloodbowl one had alot more to offer in terms of teams and customization and because they hate the rules Cyanide changed in this version of the game. Now i understand them, its annoying when some one makes a 2.0 version of something but it feels like a 0.5 version, but as a new player with nothing to expect i love this game!Now a few things that sounds worse then they are:Chaos is not OP, if you are tired of high team value kill teams, make sure to keep you TV low and laugh at them. If you want to play at high TV make a team who's main job is to foul the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of chaos teams (armor dosen't matter when 6 dwarfs jump on a guy lying down.You players die and your teams fail. Accept it, laugh at it, its called bloody Blood Bowl.When with stupidly bad odds against a team with 1000 more TV than you don't give up, used the stupid petty cash, steal his rerolls, buy star players who you don't have to care if lives or dies, and last but not least belive in Nuffle. You agility 1 saurus can surely dodge twice pick up the ball and sprint for the touchdown line, its unlikely that it will work, but when it does you will be laughing you♥♥♥♥♥off, and hopefully so will your opponent."
76561198058481712,Recommended,236690,18735628,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,End Sequence,"A great game for those that love turn baased strategy games. Would definitly reccomend to new comers in the series. Most of the negative reviews seem to be from veterans of the series who are upset by the lack of teams currently available, or minor things like your players' armor doesn't change as you level up, but what these players miss is that Blood Bowl 2 is a newly released game that will be kept fresh with patches, updates and expansions that will deal with their complaints and add much more.As a new comer to the series who hasn't been ""spoiled"" by the first Blood Bowl game I must say that this game went far beyond all my expectations and I would highly reccomend it to someone wanting to get into the series over Blood Bowl Chaos Edition for the simple reason that there will be plenty of new content coming out allowing the game to expand and evolve while it has been announced that the original game will no longer be recieving updates.TL:DR Newcomers buy this, returning players maybe stick with Chaos Edition for now, but before you know it Blood Bowl 2 will have more content than Chaos Edition and you'll have to move on up anyway."
76561198023289588,Recommended,236690,18174088,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Goodpass,"Bloodbowl 2 offers more as I expected. The graphics are great and the slow motion punches are great to watch. There are some minor roster adaptions, making the Humans almost above average. Cash can be used to add to your inducements so you can buy juicy Starplayers ( only 2 allowed each match ). Ageing makes that even the best build teams have to face retirement of players someday. It's surpassing BB1 by a landslide. Of course does it take some time to get used to the new controls. For that there is the Campaign, no spoilers here, but it's hilarious. So I am a fan."
76561198012688066,Recommended,236690,18901218,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Zanma,Very good transition of the original board game with a vastly improved UI on the previous versions of Blood Bowl.  As long as they continue to update and add teams (Currently there are only 10 and there really need to be more) then I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this game.
,Recommended,236690,23314147,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Em0nky,"This game is pretty good in my opinion.UI:  The UI is far easier to understand than the original bloodbowl with the percentage to dodge being displayed as you click as well as the other percentages. Actually playing the game is better than the original as you can cancel a selection with right click making selection, delselection and moving player a lot easier. Hitting control either twice or three times displays a nice grid that is easier to understand than the original as well as displaying the skills that the players have making it more simple to setup your team against the other team.Game Modes(besides multiplayer):   In terms of the game modes there is campaign which while it is a glorified tutorial that drags on does help newer player like myself into the game, they might want to add a fully fleshed out story mode like they did with blood bowl 1 as many people have complained about. The AI knows what it's doing people would stop complaining the AI knows how to play the game since they know how to cage and get the ball and what not. The friendly matches against AI or a friend are good for testing out your teams. The spectator mode can be a bit clunky  but it works so you can view your matches with all of nuffle's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thrown in there.Multiplayer:     The way you play the multiplayer is by entering a league then playing through the season in that league(although some leagues don't really have seasons it's just kind of playing against other people) some of which go into elimination stages making things very interesting to see who will win. There are other leagues such as the official bloodbowl  league in which you just play against a random opponent when you want to which is where i mostly delve into. Team building is simple enough and you can even have the game auto make a team comp, but without experimenting or prior knowledge can be little daunting and i would recommend looking up a guide to  help you along my recommendation for someone to explain the game would behttps://www.youtube.com/user/Asmo2884he explains some of the basics as well as some tips on most of the racesOverall:     Needs a bit more single player content such as a story mode similair to the original. The UI is a good improvment on the original although it has some quirks in it such as the placement of the end turn button. The AI is pretty decent to good. The one mode that they have in multiplayer is decent but needs improvments and they probably need more modes for multiplayer since that is the meat and potatoes for this game. All in all it's a solid game that to be built upon though it needs improvements. I would recomend this by getting it on a sale bundled with the original, you can get it for 20.00$ bundled with the chaos edition of BB1. if you want a score for the game it gets a 74/100.Other Notes:      Lizard are really annoying they should get some sorta nerf as it's getting boring having 60% of my games against them. The game also should get a ranked multiplayer system in terms of the coach's skill as well as the team rating. I'm also going to restate this, TRY TO GET IT ON SALE WITH THE ORIGINAL as many people complain it has way less content than the original it's still a good game and has improvements on the original you can be the judge."
76561197969749884,Recommended,236690,23958991,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Blood Bowl doesn't get as much love as it deserves. While it isn't a 1 to 1 conversion of the board game, it is the hands down best turn-based tactical murderous football experience you can digitally play so far.I can't help the feeling that most of the downvotes of Blood Bowl are made by die hard tabletop fans or people who can't deal with RNG and the complexity of the rules and skills.While I can understand that neither casual mainstream gamers nor die hard Blood Bowl tabletop fans will love Blood Bowl 2, I still believe it is one of the best competitive turn-based games currently out there and do recommend it greatly."
76561198126888357,Recommended,236690,18869221,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Paradox1680,Game is really fun. The interface is clean and helpful so that it is easy to see what your moves will do. This is a pretty laid back game thats great fun to just kinda chill and relax. The AI is pretty good if you just want a single player experience.
76561198032965779,Not Recommended,236690,18228150,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Brotkrumen,"I've been playing BB1 Chaos Edition for over 200 hours - often friendly matches with a friend online. I knew that the rules, the abilities of the players as well as the team rosters would not change in BB2: I was nevertheless really looking forward to the new version:the graphics looked great, the commentary seemed fresher (maybe even with more variations?), the transfer market sounded like a good feature.After playing the first matches I cannot recommend to buy this, but rather to stay with or try out the BB1: Chaos edition.Some reasons for this recommendation are:- As usual many races (teams) are missing from this first version of BB2- Even less pre-generated teams than in BB1:CE (only three per race)- The options for customization of graphics and controls is limited / non existing.- The language selection is limited to english and french (not a point of major critics but still less options than in BB1:CE).- Some other features from the 6 year old BB1 are missing: most prominient the team editor - I cannot customize a team to use e.g. in a friendly match by adjusting its team value, its players skills and equipment- no possibility to change camera perspective during the match.Wait for the game to be patched to completion or to drop in price."
76561197998108148,Recommended,236690,18183163,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,hanzo milky,"So happy this game is still around. Cyanide has done a great job this time, League play is were its at. Learn to play. Then join a league. You will play for the rest of your life."
,Recommended,236690,28344984,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,QuantillusVarus,Make an offering to nuffle before every game or you'll roll Double skulls. Stomping on an elf? 10/10 would foul again.
76561198008822589,Recommended,236690,18209638,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Vetlon,"I missed out on the first Blood Bowl and have never played any Tabletop Warhammer games. I do love turn based strategy games though and this game really scratched that itch. Since I am not familiar with the rules I am playing the single player campaign and finding  it enjoyable and a good introduction to the rules. While there have been a few times I have been frustrated due to the RNG dice rolls,my overall impression is that it is a deep game that I will play a lot. I can't speak for all those former players that are frustrated with the amount of teams available, but as a newcomer the game gave me a really good impression. Loved ther graphics, no crashes, lots of fun! Would currently give it a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,236690,18393352,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bonsai,"I play this game on a 4 year old laptop, so I can't really say much about the graphics, however the gameplay, online multiplayer and animations are a vast improvement from the last game. if you enjoy turnbased chess like strategy, with a dash of fantasy RPG set on an american football pitch, give this game a shot :D"
76561197994836736,Recommended,236690,18938925,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Merdoc,This is a great game. If you love Warhammer even more so. Just buy it. I recommend watching this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9tCOCimoSQ
76561198026313316,Recommended,236690,22342695,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Summonmancer,"There is a very clean interface, graphics are crisp the only thing that's missing is more races and they understand that. There are more coming out  it will just take time."
76561198007236320,Not Recommended,236690,19764140,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,kalligrapher,6 minutes play time - which translates as > 30 attempts to get the game to start.  Have followed all the technical recommendations to fix the issue.  Failed.  Don't bother.
76561198044569480,Not Recommended,236690,19944217,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,golden goodboy,"The camera's beyond bugged for me,even with nothing plugged in but my mouse and keyboard,the fact that there's no fullscreen is beyond baffling,and just trying to play the game feels wrong in some way I can't properly explain,it just feels worse than FUMMBL or Chaos Edition. I'd mention the lack of teams,but that's clearly being remedied and is a temporary issue for sure,at the very least. I might return to it at some point,but for now I just cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,236690,25455755,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Aegis J Hyena,"Not impressed. The animations feel off, the camera seems wrong, the controls are twitchy and the entire game feels rushed. Kind of like the devs realized 2/3 of the way in that this entire re-skin of Blood Bowl Chaos Edition wasn't going to work, period, but their investors told them ""finish it or else, because cash cow, damn it.""I'm going to say if it's strongly on sale (like it was 70% off when I got it) then pick it up. If not, pass it by. This isn't a steaming pile so foul not even Nurgle would want to touch it, but it's not the greatest thing in pixels either and it should be more of an impulse buy."
76561198054328756,Recommended,236690,19933453,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lakibro,"great game, far better ui and gfx in this one, and good customer business model in this version,"
,Recommended,236690,33705166,Posted: 21 July,all,Your Cheeky Uncle,"I find the game very enjoyable and although people are saying that the game is bias i don't think it is and I will exsplain why. Although the enemy does somtimes have some unbelieveable luck, so do you and there are also times where the enemy is increadbley unlucky. Although intournaments the game usually goes either heavely one way or the other being bias to the player or the computer.Overall I think the game is very fun if not alittle over priced for what you get when not on offer."
76561198119418533,Recommended,236690,25466900,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,"While I might recommend waiting for a sale on this one if you don't already have it I can say it is a solid improvement over the first game in graphics and UI. If you know what the game is about: B.S., Elf and otherwise and some tactics, then it is a pretty solid implementation. Here is a half a games worth of gameplay (be prepared for long games):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085820"
,Recommended,236690,19128405,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Groucho,"If you like getting really angry and frustraed at a computer game, spending hours leveling up players for them to die and just wasting time with small moments of awesome fun, then get it..."
76561198056089135,Recommended,236690,18202541,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Untrue65,"I'm not the best strategy game player. However, I really enjoyed this game. It is probably the closest I'll ever get to enjoying anything similar to (American)Football. I highly reccommend this to everyone! especially if you don't mind turn based games."
,Recommended,236690,19528030,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,baby,good game highlights the war between dwarves and humans
76561198023265016,Recommended,236690,18204999,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,EdTheMad,"They gave us both pre-order teams and did a patch. If they can continue doing good things for the game, they have my recommendations!"
,Recommended,236690,18254417,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,✪ Clentaminator ✪,Best ever.
76561198115887690,Recommended,236690,18253943,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Mr Steal Your Tech,This game will take a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥down your throat
76561197984396641,Recommended,236690,18254418,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Samsara,great
76561197961834605,Not Recommended,236690,19893955,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Carbon,"Have been trying to install this game over several hours, game continues to crash at launch. Cyanide appears to have no fix and is leaving it up to its customers to resolve. Requesting a refund and will no longer support Cyanide."
76561198185701457,Recommended,236690,19493310,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,AeroShOTz,"Very good game i always enjoy playing it ,, ive played over 1,000 hourse of chaos edition on my other steam account :-)"
76561198068870533,Recommended,236690,19542239,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Spice,"Blood Bowl 2 is a very fun, very strategic game with a football concept. Its not so much about scoring, as it is bashing the opposition into the ground. Heavily developed towards multiplayer, youll never run out of people to challange. The single player campaign leaves much to be desired, and solo leagues offer randomized matches with less then perfect AI. DLC expansions, such as races run for about 10 bucks a faction. Graphics are an improvment, though they could be better also. With limited factions and a high base price,This is a game u should pick up on a sale rather then full price. And possibily a later date as new updates and DLC role out. A well deserved 8/10, seeing as how im still addicted."
76561198005451669,Recommended,236690,18766809,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,FumaYingChun,"The faces of some Bretonians made me laugh!Hillarious, Brutal, Strategic and a bunch of luck!"
,Recommended,236690,24562682,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,loclap,"Having Played and owned all versions this is  a good successor to the Chaos edition.All in all nothing remarkable on from other versions, other than improved graphics and animations.If you see it on at a good price.. treat yourself.. if you own the previous games wait for it on special.. if you own none of the games .. wait for it to be on special.."
,Not Recommended,236690,22262048,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,1131,Just play fumbbl instead. There are only 8 teams. 2 teams are pay to win. They promised the 11th team would be out months ago and it hasn't come yet. And the matchmaking sucks.
,Recommended,236690,28312486,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,stonedog,"cracking game, takes me back to play the game with mates IRL. PC transfer has worked really well."
76561198000664961,Not Recommended,236690,21125190,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,I am Legion,you are better off with the blood bowl chaos edition
,Recommended,236690,21946842,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rebe,I recommend this game!
76561198062525210,Recommended,236690,23573938,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,avaririot,Blood Bowl!! Best game ever made!
76561198007662368,Recommended,236690,23941854,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grimmtooth,"As long as you realize this is a recreation of a tabletop game (including dice rolls), its a great game. If your not sure, watch some youtube matches. Great game."
,Recommended,236690,18830301,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fito,"In it's actual state this game is ok.It can be a lot better, it's lacking in some areas like user leagues aren't as polished as they promised, some skills should be optional and we should be able to see player stats.The pros vs chaos edition are graphics and UI, and player base probably.Let's hope the developers continue to develope this game, it has the potential to be great."
,Recommended,236690,18418169,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,iCod3r,"The learning curve and mechanics seem much better in this one than the first. Also the animations are great, all in all a great step up from the first game which I am also a big fan of. I do have one thing to say about it though, the commentary / announcers are really dull.. Other than that, I really like this game"
,Recommended,236690,18720091,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ariel,♥♥♥♥in love it m8
,Recommended,236690,18236161,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ManShrimp,"Blood bowl is a fantasy sports game with additional emphasis on the fantasy element.  Players create and manage teams composed of various fantastic creatures and play a game loosely based on American football in the sense that there is an inflated pig bladder and people try to carry it down a field.  Unlike American football, it is perfectly acceptable to ignore the ball and attempt to kill as many opposing players as possible.  The game is played in turn-based style similar to the X-Com games.  Each player on your team may attempt one action during your turn, but the turn ends immediately should any player fail.Blood Bowl 2 improves upon the original Blood Bowl release with smoother graphics, better visibility, and a helpful success chance calculator so that memorizing probabilities or using a calculator is not necessary to play safely keeping the end of turn on failure rule previously mentioned in mind.The game is tailored towards players new to the blood bowl game and it's rules.   The campaign doubles as a fun and engaging tutorial that slowly introduces the core rules in a step by step manner, then adds some challenges to the usual game modes to help build confidence and skill.  The game is not as focused on veteran players of the Blood Bowl franchise, so please bear that in mind when reading the reviews of seasoned veterans who are voicing their discontents.The developers are extremely proactive about adding to the game and have already made two major releases to improve the game following direct feedback from players.  There is an active, and fanatical fandom for Blood Bowl spanning decades (the original game table top game was created in 1987), you are never going to be short on multiplayer opportunity if you are open to league play.  The official public league, however, is not very friendly to new players so shop around for private league communities to join if you want to sample the authentic multiplayer experience and enjoy this game at it's best.The full playset for this game includes 24 official teams and two unofficial teams supported by the developers.  At the time of this review there are 8 teams already included in the game, two as DLC and 4 more announced as DLC in the near future.  Each team adds it's own unique take on the Blood Bowl game for an impressive number of possible match ups.  If you are a fan of sports, or a fan of strategy games, this game is not likely to get stale for you."
76561198132423674,Recommended,236690,21431848,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,barberfett,"Awesome tabletop conversion. Just a shame we don't have all the races yet, but as long as they are all coming (and hopefully more, in the form of Slann, Chaos Pact, Slaaneshi, Tzeentch etc...)"
76561197997183161,Recommended,236690,21610433,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MonkeyNutts,"Great game, really good improvements against the last one.Only downside is not enough of a campaign for those who like single player stuff.Teams available are limited....where are the rest ?"
76561198006807384,Recommended,236690,18868006,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,FatZomby,"This game is basically what you make of it.First, be prepared to get frustrated.  Whether it be that your most important player getting killed, not being able to pick up the ball, or failing a block or series of blocks to get that all important TD.2nd, be prepared to jump out of your seat in dis-belief!  Sometimes you will do the most rediculous thing/s and everything (even with the worst odds) will fall right into place.3rd, this game is based mostly on strategy and how well you can manage or minimize your risk of die rolls.  (and yes, the die are random at ALL times.  that means that anything can happen).Concept of the game:Think of Rugby (closest thing I can think of) that is very bloody.  Players punch each other (called blocks) in attempts to get the upper hand of the pitch (field of play).  Kickoffs, fouls, and other aspecs come into play as you set your strategy to score....With 10+ teams available to choose from (from the time of this now edited review), you play strategies based on the way you decide to grow your team.  Do you get as many players as possible to foul the opponent?  Do you upgrade your stadium?  Or do you save your money for the big guy?This game does have a good tutorial and can teach you the mechanics of the game.  As far as strategy though, you will have to learn that part yourself or.....(go to the next part)""This game is what you make of it!""I mean this part.  The greatest aspect of the game is not knowing what will happen.  You can plan a flawless strategy to only watch it fall apart because a player failed in what you wanted him to do.  The good thing is that the opponent will have the same worries and problems (although it may not be in the same match...lol).  Dealing with that frustration is the biggest thing.Another thing is that since their is no in game chat area for people, it may be hard to find a league to play in.  You may be able to look on steam forums or other areas of the internet.  Either way, you will have to do some searching to find ""groups"" for league play (unless playing the AI is your thing).  The league that I am in is called ""Gobbln"" (that is the correct spelling).  You can google it and perhaps that will help you get started.  Great place to meet others.  TS is available for our group.  And Gobbln is always willing to teach you as well to help you be better competition.In the older version (Blood Bowl Chaos), you got to see the difference between upgraded players and rookie players with visual differences.  However, in this version, you must either hover over the player to see what skills they have or use the control button to toggle all players abilities as there is no visual differences between skilled and rookie players.They could have also added in more stuff to the game such as apothecaries working on wounded players, Bloodweiser Babes selling Bloodweiser in the stadiums, etc...  But the game is still pretty darn good without those added things.And lastly, they are coming out with a legendary edition.  With this edition, they are adding in a few things and is considered an upgrade for those that already own the game.  Cost wise, Blood Bowl is ideal in keeping customers.  Its not like a ""f2p"" game where you get added benefits of being a subscriber.  Rather, its more like you buy the big game, then you can opt to purchase more teams and such like things.  You don't have to buy it all, even if you did, the cost is still pretty darn good overall.  I spent around 40$ to buy the original, got a few free teams when they became available, and purchased the rest at discount prices.  So the total I paid is around 55$ up to date.What is the game worth?It is worth what they ask for it.  If you get it at a discount, always better.  Before you buy it though, I suggest that you youtube it or even twitch it and see what the gameplay is like and see if it is your ""cup of tea!"""
76561198013386496,Not Recommended,236690,18279243,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,erribus,"More of the same from Cyanide Studios....but slllooowwweeed doooowwwnnn..dear God, it takes about 10 mins to make a 2min turn and taking into account that there are now eight turns per half, prepare yourself for 90 min matches.For me, this is simplty too slow, there are never any chance to have a feel of continuity with a team when it feels like about a week between coaching sceens. The main thing I loved from the first Bloodbowl (which I was a sucker for, buying all DLC etc) was the way your team grew and improved itself over time. This now takes so long that it is hardly a factor. I now find myself too bored between turns to properly focus, leading to a lack of tacticality and so lose more matches, meaning Im less into it, leading the whole experience into a death spiral which inevitably leads me to reach for a different game.Overall, slow, not much new, just a moneymaking re-hash from a studio that has lost the original meaning of the bloodbowl...a shame."
,Recommended,236690,18241930,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Leivve,"All the punchy punchy you expect from the actual game, and some nice UI improvements over the last game. Though there are some things they they forgot to add, like showing what you rolled so you know if you should reroll your winnings or not; but the math is all right, even if they don't show it.Just try not to rage when nuffle has you roll ones on the game winning play. It's your own fualt for not sacrifcing enough newborn children to him."
76561198031079566,Recommended,236690,18898106,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lord Schruteboxe,"New comer to the series. playing it several hours daily since ive installed it, Really enjoy."
76561198015888135,Recommended,236690,18812516,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tack,"There are two types of team in this game.The first are ""Touchdown teams"" which like to pass and run the ball, and get fast touchdowns.The second are ""Surrender teams"" which like to hurt the opposing team so badly that their coach flees.Sadly, Surrender teams > Touchdown teams, and dominate the higher brackets of Team Value (because all of the touchdown teams who made it there were promptly killed back down again.)Moreover, Chaos > Other Surrender teams (Dwarves, etc), due to the easy S4 linemen and claws.So if you want to play this game, be aware - Any team you make will inevitably have most of your players die to chaos teams.It will frustrate and anger you, and may cause a quit.Nothing can be done about it.That's just how Chaos is.I give a thumbs up, because it's still a really fun and well-crafted game, up until your inevitable ragequit."
76561198062504704,Recommended,236690,18864964,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Doctor Zedman,"I have thoroughly enjoyed smashing everything from rats to the forces of Chaos with tankards, and I don't intend to stop any time soon.A few too many people concede before I get to kill anyone though."
76561198007220383,Not Recommended,236690,18582445,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Moloch,Playing this game is like sticking yourself in the eye with a fork. . . repeatedly.  Has anyone told the developers that games are supposed to be fun.
76561198030879611,Recommended,236690,33008454,Posted: 29 June,all,bodatron,One for the followers of RNGesus!
,Recommended,236690,28896546,Posted: 1 January,all,König der Hunde,"Yeah, if there was a Neutral or Mixed option, I would put it here.I have zero experience with any BB games, but I like dice games and strategy, and this title sort of reminded me of the old battle chess games.The basics are pretty easy to get a handle on, simple strategies can be learned by playing a few games against the AI and watching how they move and make formations.All in all, I've found it to be a so-so experience. I like the idea of permadeaths, character upgrades, and getting to tune your team a little bit to fit your playstyle. Graphics might seem a touch dated, but it doesn't really effect a title like this.What sh-ts me off the most is I'm convinced the AI cheats.- 4 out of 5 of my kick-offs are somehow negative (high kick etc), yet I have not seen the AI once get a high kick or anything else. It's to the point where I just assume that anytime I kick the ball it's gonna start out with some benefit to the AI.- AI rolls a single dice, knockdown with a knockout.- You roll 3d6, 3x critical failures (attacker self knockdown).- You roll 2d6, 2x critical failures -> use a team reroll -> 2x more critical failures.Seriously, what are the statistical odds of this? I have literally seen the AI roll an attacker knockdown only once, ONCE, in 4.5 hours of playing versus the AI.I can't speak for multiplayer because I don't really enjoy multiplayer. I'd refund this if I could and get BB1 based on my personal play preferences, but since I can't, I will play it little by little - maybe finish the campaign, get my 11 dollars worth of ""entertainment"" and never touch it again.Oh and one final thing, my game just soft-crashed (cursor still visible and moving, and sounds indicating keyboard presses were interfacing the game, but rest of the screen gone black - and yes, I literally updated my drivers yesterday)"
,Recommended,236690,18252242,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Captain Hook the Biker Gorilla,"Every game, my team gets themselves injured while the enemy gets perfect rolls. Every single game. EVERY, SINGLE, ♥♥♥♥ING, GAME.So why can't I stop playing?"
76561198047821844,Not Recommended,236690,19976778,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,enragedsun,"I purchased this game on sale since it looked interesting, upon launching this game for the first time it immediately crashed and would not get passed the first few seconds of the opening logo. Upon research it appears as though this is a very common issue; the developer has made efforts to try and walk people through running the game as ADMIN; but since it did not work after I ran the game as the devolper requested I will be returning this for a refund.Be careful what you buy, I ignored the reviews and they seem to be pretty accurate."
,Recommended,236690,18988110,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jamboogi,Bought the game because it was on sale even though I hated the first one.Spent about an hour picking out a team complete with totally witty names.Picked Orcs because the game told me they were tough and didn't die easily.First turn of first game (A friendly against Humans) TWO orcs die from blocks against the human blitzers.10/10
76561198153572876,Recommended,236690,19535679,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,adridot,best game of all timesplayed the cardboard boardgame version back in 1989then the lead figurines second editionbut i missed BB1 on PC...now the good old times are back
,Recommended,236690,19253835,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Fengol,"I've been a fan of the boardgame for many years but I found its complexity, length and opponent availablity a problem. These has been solved with this beautifully rendered digital version. While is doesn't boast all the possible teams of the previous iterations, Blood Bowl 2's in-game interface displays a lot more info neatly and team management is vastly improved. They've also streamlined the game to guide you to multiplayer; simplifying the single player experience but I think this is for the better. You'll get the most out of multiplayer if you join one of the many communities around the game.Unfortunately, at time of writing, there are some annoying, sometimes game breaking bugs and missing features; and the developer hasn't been very vocal about plans to patch. They've also implemented microtransactions and the other teams should be coming as DLC; but so far the microtransactions seem to be cosmetic only. It must also be said that the tutorials are rather poor for the complete novice.I highly recommend this game but not to people who expect a perfect product or unwilling to take the time to learn the mechanics."
,Recommended,236690,20227389,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lothar Lansing,A game I would recommend for people who dont own the first one. Only few changes have appeared and having races as a dlc is abusive in my opinion
76561197964923564,Not Recommended,236690,19155070,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,hellfore,The server issues are unbearable.  Why can't we get a game that does not require 1 minute worth of server errors each players turn?  I thought your company was a professional buisness and not some second rate organization.
76561198107879759,Not Recommended,236690,19320908,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ItsDaFlamin[WIZARD],"errrrm, I changed the resolution and now the cursor is out of calibration with the game and I can't click anything in the lower half of the screen. As a result I can't even change the resolution back. I've tried reinstalling twice, but no dice. I've even tried to change the resolution in the config.xml file but it reset when I opened the game. Fix this bug as I can't play this game. Money totally wasted!"
76561197975819552,Recommended,236690,18249857,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[AJSA]SanguineWizard,"I'm having fun with the game, played it a lot and I like it. But with only a few races and the slight game inprovement, I do recommend you buying this game at full price. Even thought the game is a lot of fun, I had just as much fun with the previous, which looked almost the same graphics wise. I hope that they release the races free, or at very low DLC price, or simply make the game a lot cheaper. 'Cause it is a great game, with a lot of potential.The biggest CON in this game, is the bulls**t with the few races to that price. It's corporate BS, and this greedy s**t needs to stop. I've already seen the other races in previous games, so I know they exist. You DO NOT make a new game with less in it! NO! absolutely NO!If you didn't get the chance to buy the game at day one, wait until you get it for for 20%+ off. It's simply not worth it right now, unless you have nothing better to spend your money on or you want an early start the game."
76561198018954596,Not Recommended,236690,20516562,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Black Brett,"I have reached my limit for trying to get a game to run. I have not even been able to start a game despite updates, driver updates, having to go in and rename and delete files to even get started. This all seems not ready for prime time. I have no other recourse but to let it age in my library. Save yourself the money untill all the bugs have been worked out. Don't pay to be a unacknolegde alpha tester for these guys. I was a big fan of BBCE and will continue to play it. I was hopefull, now my heart is full of woe."
,Recommended,236690,19977100,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Handful of ants,This game is sweet. Buy it
,Not Recommended,236690,22296148,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bipoler Ber,be lucky or diegg
,Recommended,236690,19011821,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ribbits,"While it may not have the team selection of Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition, I can honestly say this is the most fun I've had with Blood Bowl barring the physical board game. It's significantly prettier than its predecessor and its UI is much easier to understand and interact with. Both online multiplayer and solo leagues are a ton of fun. If you like the idea of pitting Orcs against Dwarves in a Rugby match, then give it a shot!"
,Recommended,236690,19031223,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,AusSkiller,"Being new to Blood Bowl I heartily reccomend this, I've had a lot of fun with it just playing against the AI. The campaign is just a rather long winded and restrictive tutorial with a pre-made human team, but you can create your own solo league to play with whatever team you want against AI so there's plenty of singleplayer fun to be had if like me you don't feel up to taking on real opponents.One thing to note is that this makes heavy use of dice rolls to determine the outcomes of actions, if that usually doesn't bother you then you'll probably still find yourself cursing the game for it occasionally as a couple of unexpected bad rolls can be absolutely devistating, so if you aren't tollerant of that sort of thing you should probably pass on this. However once you learn about the mechanics you'll find that it's done quite well and there are many tools you can use to minimize failure and manage the risks, there's a lot of fun to be had trying to work around the risky moves and it's quite satisfying when the bad rolls happen and you have set things up so that it's only a minor inconvenience.There's enough content to justify the price but more DLC is likely to come so you may want to wait for a sale so you dont drop too much on it."
,Recommended,236690,19309965,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,cfarbes,"Una nueva version de Blood Bowl que viene a revitalizar la franquicia.los graficos son muy buenos, y tiene nuevos agregados como los estadios, el mercado de pases y los contratos con los patrocinadores. trae varios conjuntos de uniformes y distintos modelos de jugador para cada posicion, varios escudos para elegir con algunos exclusivos de cada raza.la campaña de un solo jugador me resulto muy entretenida, con sorpresas en casi todos los encuentros y ese gran toque de humor que caracteriza al juego y su trasfondo. el tutorial es bastante compelto, Blood Bowl de por si tiene una curva de aprendizaje compolicada, pero esta version hace un buen trabajo para introducir a jugadores nuevos al menos en los aspectos mas basicos.en el lado negativo, no tiene aun todas las razas, que seguramente iran saliendo como dlc (modelo de negocio que llego para quedarse) y hay algunos problemas con las skills de los jugadores que a un entrenador acostumbrado al juego de tablero pueden molestar. La IA sigue sin jugar bien, puede traerle problemas a un jugador nuevo, pero una vez que se haya aprendido lo basico ya no presenta desafio ninguno y se vuelve aburrida. Sabemos que es un juego muy complejo y por tanto programar la IA para que sea competitiva seria muy caro, por lo cual es recomendable migrar al juego multiplayer lo antes posible.las herramientas para administrar ligas privadas son muy basicas y no permiten muchas de las funcionalidades que habia en versiones anteriores (como otorgar premios en las competiciones).pero los parches que han ido sacando fuero ncorregiendo los bugs iniciales y el equipo de desarrolladores ha demostrado que escucha a la comunidad y sus reclamos.se ha anunciado una nueva Copa del Mundo con premios en efectivo para 2016, cuya fase clasificatoria comienza en enero y se disputa en distintas ligas a lo largo y ancho del mundo.en fin, yo recomiendo el juego tanto para quienes gustan de blood bowl como para quienes no lo conocen, vale la pena probarlo!"
,Recommended,236690,32813139,Posted: 26 June,all,thedennisjones,"I tend to play a game until another one catches my eye, and then when I come back to the older game I am no longer interested in playing it. It's the old ""been there, done that, not interested in doing it again"" feeling.  Blood Bowl is a game I can go back to time after time and ALWAYS have fun with. I would say there is a fairly steep learning curve to it, but there is no other game like it. I highly recommend it."
76561198009985871,Recommended,236690,20760769,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TacTix,"It's a total blast, after putting it off for months due to the football theme I finally picked it up and it's awesome"
76561198004537237,Not Recommended,236690,25559814,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Astrozombie630,I love this game...I really do...but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fix the AI dice roll and I will change my review. The AI never seems to miss it's dice rolls..♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t..grr
,Recommended,236690,28312464,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,paoh,Not as good as it could be in solo but really great on the long run.
,Recommended,236690,28415090,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dizzy,"roll die, get double skulls, rage quit."
,Recommended,236690,29146736,Posted: 9 January,all,IΛﻛ™|Jia Fei >^.^<,Ogre on my rookie human team dies from the very first block with no appo. GG.
,Recommended,236690,23906733,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KITSAWAJI,got this game on sale...like it a lot....
76561198114972379,Not Recommended,236690,19375107,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,CheetoPhingers,"This game is incomplete.  The original Blood Bowl does a better job of asking if you want to use a skill, has more available teams, you can visually see the level and mutations on on players.  Until these things are updated/fixed, I cant recommend it."
,Recommended,236690,28265929,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,drod,Blood Bowl is life
76561197974987512,Recommended,236690,23413527,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thursday,"I play very little on-line simply because my schedule is erratic, so this will be about the single player only.I do like these games - 200+ hours on CE before trying this version - though they definitely have their flaws.  Going through the campaign here is, well, it isn't.  It's a turorial rather than a campaign.  You can create single-player leagues in multiple variants, which is okay, but it would be nice to have a story to go along with it like Chaos Edition has.  That being said, CE also went and crashed out on me semi-regularly doing their campaign, so... at least this version hasn't done that?There are visual disappointments, though that's mainly in the 'filler' stuff: no fans in the stands (though the camera pans across them); the only cheerleaders are human (likewise the goons that get players pushed off the field); and your character doesn't change much as they improve (outside of mutations).  I'm also not fond of only being able to see one side of the field in isometric view (you have either straight up & far away or swoop down behind to the left or right).The sound has its disappointments, too: the announcers get repetitive, obviously, but that's kind of expected in a sports game; better is that they sound more conversational, and are more a part of what's going on on the field.That being said, I will be keeping this on my playlist, because the game is fun.  It plays well, and for the lack of variation the visuals of the player movement is very good - even with the mutations.  8)  Being able to see the die roll results along the bottom of the screen tempers the occasional blind rage at getting three 1s in a row - especially when you see it happen to your opponent the next game.And they didn't muck about with the gameplay - altering your home stadium provides some slight rule changes, but otherwise the dice determine a lot of it.  This is a semi-strategy game, after all: you can mitigate risks, but never eliminate them.Releasing the game before all the teams were ready to go is a bit annoying, but given the different appearances of all the positional players on all the teams, it was either that or wait a few more years.  Looking forward to the new teams as they emerge.  WHERE MY NURGLES AT?Eh, until they are available, I guess Chaos will have to do...It's a silly, psychotic board game brought to life, so it might be a bit petty to ask for a playable storyline to go with it; but I'm a solo player, and that kind of thing is important to me.  Given that's my only serious complaint, I think this is worth purchasing overall.  You might want to stick with Chaos Edition until all the races are ready for BB2, since the gameplay is the same, but it is a nice looking update.  Jim and Bob sound better, too - not quite as disconnected from the game being played and each other as in Chaos Edition.EDIT: One more thing: be careful that you give the game a second to 'settle' before clicking on what direction a player is getting pushed in!  The game screen shifts juuuust a bit after an action is complete, so it is disturbingly easy to select the wrong square.  Irritating, but quickly adapted to."
76561197970899710,Recommended,236690,28578361,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,D-Man,When you win a game it is awesome.When you lose a game you want to smash your computer into a thousand pieces.♥♥♥♥ this game and its mother up the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It's great.
,Recommended,236690,30215059,Posted: 26 February,all,~Falcon64~,SMASH!!
76561198103042795,Recommended,236690,28733553,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JustKachmanastan,"For $45 I wouldn't, but the sales validate my purchase.  Great fun, and if you can gather a league of friends, greater fun."
,Recommended,236690,26740255,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Miss Fu'Miga,"The best Blood Bowl video incarnation... a must if you love strategy and if you care for those brains being active.CONS: Randomness hates you, if not your lack of real life will."
,Recommended,236690,18895368,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Koi,"Never played the tabletop version of the game, but Blood Bowl 2 has me hooked on the franchise!"
76561198113558970,Recommended,236690,18885331,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,damonadjinn,"Its Football (Not that football the other football) with more killing. Its big improvment over the first one blood bowl.* The Good *- The voice acting is top noch (and funny)- Major UI improvments- Permadeath (your players mater. so you become more invested in them)- it looks amazing and will run on pritty much any thing* The Bad *- Still prone to mis clicks (but has been improved over BB1)- Permadeath (New players can be turned off because of this mechanic due to team wipes)- Limited teams at launch* The ugly *- RNG- Nuffle (""why do you hate me"")I would recommend this game to anyone that has played the first one or has played the table top ver.As for new players. My best advice is, don't get discouraged Nuffle hates us all. He just decides who he hates more at any given moment during a game. But with that said, if it still looks interesting to you I think it`s worth a try."
,Recommended,236690,18887533,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HauntingCarrot,Really fun game if you dont mind all your planning and scheming to go to waste because Nuffle is a♥♥♥♥♥♥Would reccomend to anyone not bothered by RNG because that is all this game is at the end of the day.But once you stop being salty you can just have a nice time and enjoy all the things going on.would rate DUBSKULL/10
76561198036277951,Recommended,236690,28886940,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Khelavaster76,"Intimidating to understand for the first day but by the time i finished the campaign, i was in LOVE. The cinematics got old after a couple of days though, thankfully you can turn them off.. unfortunately the settings arent extensive so its ""all or nothing"" you cant choose which to keep and which to turn off but whatever. Still fun and even when you finish it you can keep playing in different modes and with other people."
,Recommended,236690,25935403,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Telparion,"Blood Bowl 2 provides you with a real ""sport"" aspect, something which was a bit lacking on BB1, and very nice animations, cleaner information, and overall a much more polished experience.The real flaw of BB2 is the lack of Career Mode. However, as I discovered hours later into the game, you can pretty much compensate this by creating your solo team and then entering a World League, in which you can play several seasons and qualify for a World Cup every season. Custom World League itself has been improved and streamlined since launch, and this really compensates  for something that was so lacking.The next flaw in the game would then be the AI. On that area I can't say it has been fixed. AI can beat you at times (once every 20 matches for instance) but fails on many occasions.Other people are also asking for the full roster of 21 races.We have a fair number of races, but the point I see with the DLCs is that Expansions could have been better - because with expansions, you also refine features. Here we received race DLCs - and races are really nice, and these DLCs have also been provided for free to so many people - but we haven't seen so many refinements.However, I've seen the much asked Stats (player and team stats) come into the game, something we've requested at launch, proving the devs listen to us.In BB2 you have:- a single player tutorial campaign with the Reikland Reavers; a welcome things but an easy campaign, and so much less than a career mode.- a hidden career mode but without the nice career map we hade on BB1- ability to create your own teams and play them in custom solo matches or multiplayer!- multiplayer and multiplayer leagues, which are much improved over BB1. This is where BB2 currently shines.- graphics and rules implementation are cleaner and better- AI has been improved from Troll status to Black Orc status.On its own Blood Bowl is a great turn-based strategy game, with a lot of risk management involved.The computer version is ver comprehensive and plays like a great game, with animations,sporty-feeling made with all passion and heart.This deserves a thumbs up.Some people will find rules or dice are hard on them - but game design wise, this game allows the player to manage his risks pretty well, much better than many other boardgames I've come to experience (here I look at Heroes of Normandie, which doesn't allow risk management),.It is sad AI also cannot handle the big thing, or that Career mode was hidden and less implemented.I still hope you'll enjoy the game and its multiplayer - the BB2 community has been great, with only one player out of 10 or so being unpolite, and 5 out of 10 being very pleasant players. (leaving four neutral as stones ;) )"
76561198142636505,Recommended,236690,26330413,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TGCMactar,"Alright game , the deaths and injuries make me want to die but its from the tabletop version so its alright and overall really fun! just irritating"
,Recommended,236690,26166290,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Butistic,"Exellent multiplayer, awesome graphic however the campain is more of a newbie walkthrough and implimentation of new teams has been slow. It is a good game but with a small audience because of the time you need to commit to playing a single match."
76561198022384538,Recommended,236690,26321110,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,keksmuzh,"Blood Bowl 2 is a much-needed update for the video game conversion of the original board game. Due to its status as a miniature-based strategy game, the original Blood Bowl was a bit too niche to see mainstream distribution despite being fantastic, so I was very happy when the original video game came out.Pros:-Blood Bowl 2 has fixed most of the interface and optimization issues that plagued its predecessor.-Improved graphics and animations-Vastly improved RNG-Easy quick match features in addition to online league play-The gallows humor is a good as everCons:-Race-based cheerleaders removed (they were one of the funniest parts of the based game)-Limited (but expanding) list of available races-Campaign mode is restrictive and (from a veteran perspective) doesn't do a very good job of explaining the mechanics to new players despite largely being a tutorial.It's never been easier for new players to get into Blood Bowl, and while veterans may (rightfully) be wary of the lack of teams, the dev team has steadily been releasing teams at pretty reasonable price points. It's a great adaptation of an even better game."
76561198043972166,Not Recommended,236690,33322258,Posted: 6 July,all,FJV,"I have tried everything in my power to get this game to run properly. I experience massive slowdowns, so much so that it takes several minutes to even get to the main menu. Actually playing a match is nearly impossible."
,Recommended,236690,22016604,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Hyke,"The game is not ready yet. Released with a few teams and focused only on multiplayer it is not worth yet. Maybe they get this right someday. The worst is, teams will come as DLC to grab a little more cash. Remain with the first game that it is much better. I bought this thinking it would have changes as they talked about the new races and stuff like this but everything is already being delayed. If this game someday get better than the first I'll change my review.12/08/2016 - Ok, time to change my review. as the new races of founder's pack have been released the game has had some improvements that are enough for me to recommend it.Is it better than the first one? It depends for what you want it. This one focus to much on multiplayer and I don't have many friends that play it, and since there is not a matchmaking system I can't play with other people (I'm a casual player)I think some kind of carrer mode where you use your created teams would turn this to be the best Blood Bowl."
76561198157888438,Recommended,236690,28647980,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nemka911,"What i liked?1. The game is fun, espically when playing against a friend.2. Good tutorial.3. Nice graphics.What i did not like?1. Not being able to practice against an AI of DLC races.2. Over priced DLCs.I can recommend the base game whenever it is 50%+ off,The only worse cash milker i ever played is Company of heroes 2."
76561198271662359,Recommended,236690,28693707,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Priest,Played the game for a while now and I love it a lot! The Dice rolls can be frustrating at times but also really hilarious!
,Recommended,236690,28766762,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sasafras,A great strategy game. Even without the DLC!
76561198079369777,Recommended,236690,28957471,Posted: 2 January,all,Miller Meme Star,"I really enjoyed the first Blood Bowl game. This one improved a lot of the downsides of the previous game. This game has what I loved about the first game and more, overall worth playing."
76561198321512016,Recommended,236690,29138851,Posted: 9 January,all,dracoiadrak,Great fun
76561198045733794,Recommended,236690,29199191,Posted: 12 January,all,RASTA,great game alot of conceders (which can be real annoying depending on how they do it) alot rage quitters.
76561198016634202,Recommended,236690,29446077,Posted: 23 January,all,Barone L,Suggested!
76561198081637853,Recommended,236690,29001100,Posted: 4 January,all,Void,That's what tabletop players wanted. BB of XXI century.
,Recommended,236690,28924463,Posted: 1 January,all,Eckxile,I came into this a little skeptical but... I love it! I still HATE micro transactions though. Honestly this game is just at the peak of my tollerance level for micro transactions and DLC. If there was anymore cash grabs I would honestly turn this one down. But if these things don't bother you then go for it. You will love it.
,Recommended,236690,28800790,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HeWhoSnipes21,"You ever feel like every move you make is essentially a dice roll? There's a given chance of failure and a given chance of success, and while you may try to shoot for the sure things, you have to make some choices where you're not likely at all to get your desired outcome?Put that in game form. And then play the role of Risk Management."
76561198040895423,Recommended,236690,28936466,Posted: 2 January,all,[MAS] That Frog Kurtis,i love the game recently returned to it as i have returned to the miniature field  it helps hone your skills
,Recommended,236690,18861067,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Famine,i never played bb1 but i like bb2 its exactly what i expected
,Recommended,236690,26988221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,puckstop101,its good
,Recommended,236690,27920379,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LordTroan,"Fun, better than real sportsball."
76561197996146198,Recommended,236690,32262659,Posted: 8 June,all,Xaxe,"Dammed! where are my GOBLINS TEAM!????Well .. I hope you are making a lot of money selling all the teams separately.. if that means you are making more gretting games, it's ok.. I want more Bloodbowl games.. but  honestly I'm waiting for a special offer for build it. For the USERS your  DLC position it's very very bad.. really? almost every teams are DLC? for me, if you had done this game with all the teams it would have been amazing (more than 76 in metacritic)But probably you know ""make games"" more than me."
76561198034818510,Recommended,236690,19165840,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Oldtoosoon,"After major server issues, regular service has been resumed"
,Recommended,236690,19247002,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RUMBO,10/10 fight me!
,Recommended,236690,18283062,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Serious Sams,"Its pretty, and all those champs to choose from now, makes it somewhat bareable.By some point many teams dont make it through a good season.And theres no trophy at the end no glory.Only blood but, sofar i am ok, but as i said no liky, so sell 100 hours still trying to find the spark..Multiplayer/Online part is fun, but you only like want to play there for an hour or two before people either gets boring."
,Recommended,236690,33964954,Posted: 1 August,all,Vash,"I recommend going through the turorial and playing 3-5 exhibition games on Blood Bowl Chaos Edition. Then play a campaign on Blood Bowl 2. BB2 is so much more enjoyable. Having not been a product of the table top version of the game, BB2 allows for so much more development on the fly than BBCE. The main difference is that in BBCE any failed attempt results in a turnover. In BB2 you are allowed to fail in an attempt and then you can adjust your team and strategize to accomodate failures in that same round. I recommend practicing in BBCE because it will make you appreciate the strategic elements of blood bowl as you dont have the safety net of taking a chance in a situation and making up for it in the same round; In BBCE nearly every move you make has dire consequences. So, if you are a masochist who likes to gamble with nearly every chance taken, play BBCE. If you are like Maverick in Top Gun and you like being able to adjust on the fly, and possibly salvage a situation, play BB2.....I loved the concept of Blood Bowl, but BBCE just felt like a chore. I played and learned and wanted so much to enjoy it. I then bought BB2 on sale and gave it a shot and it was like, Man this is what I was hoping for! I am not a BB traditionalist, which im sure BBCE is more traditional, I can only imagine what some of yall tradish are thinking of my review right now, and once I learned the game the hard way through BBCE, BB2 was a frickin blast.P.S.I said tradish to♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the stupid elitist nerdy ♥♥♥♥er table top ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Recommended,236690,33939892,Posted: 31 July,all,Evil Mussolini,"oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ i purchased the 26$ pre order dlc but i didnt know that there was more offered, i was hoping i could get a refund so i can purchase the ledgendary edition"
,Recommended,236690,26649331,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gregory The Third,"The ride was real.When I first purchased this game, I played a variety of teams. First, I tried humans, then orcs, and ended with dwarfs. The dwarfs were the only ones I felt comfortable with, since they all had high armor, and the block skill, which is pretty much essential in Blood Bowl. Now when I first played this, I thought the game was repetative, and that it was lacking content. For the first few months it was out, I was right. They restricted the content flow into a steady stream of DLC, and it made me feel cheated.However, that changed after some time. After owning the game for a while, I stopped playing for a good couple of months. When i came back, I realized I had 2 more choices for teams to play with. I was surprised, to say the least, since I didn't buy these. But as it turns out, they gave this to all players who bought the game previously for free. I was very happy, they started listening to critisism, and while a few issues haven't been fixed in the game (Animations and Models for example) it is still very worth your time.The gameplay is random. You can surely give your players skills, but once they enter the field, even your most experienced player can be obliterated in the first pitch. This is a mixed bag of goodies, resulting in unrelenting rage from your players constantly getting bad rolls, to sheer joy when you crush the opponent once and for all. It made me think no longer as a strategist (even though it stuck around) and made me think more like a high stakes gambler. ""Should I rely on the Troll-Slayers Dauntless skill to activate against that Treant?"" I'll often ask myself, and most of the time, I'll decide it with a coin flip if I really cannot decide. But I digress, there is a fair amount of strategy in this, and I appreciate that.My overall opinion of the game is that it got a rocky start, and seemed a little confused, but now, I can confidently say this a game well worth your time and money if you like random fun and having dwarfs punch orcs in the groin."
76561198083627151,Recommended,236690,30886175,Posted: 1 April,all,WAAGHMAN64,"So I bought Blood Bowl 2 afew weeks ago. And now the game says I need to verify it and havent been actually able to play the game. But i found how to fix it and I loved it. Make sure you know how to use your computer,"
,Recommended,236690,30952143,Posted: 4 April,all,Shotime,"This is a nice adaptation of a tabletop experience.  I find it enjoyable.  There a few things here and there I would fix as far as a ""port"" goes, but as far as getting the fun of the game you'll find it here."
76561198026345130,Recommended,236690,31523014,Posted: 3 May,all,Velthelm,"Very entertaining, hight replay value, play with some mates though!"
76561198319171395,Recommended,236690,34360911,Posted: 19 August,all,DopeyGamer16,Brillaint game. hours of fun but hard to master
76561198027654229,Recommended,236690,34515502,Posted: 26 August,all,Mad Dog,"For those times when you want to play a whimsical childrens game, but also want to maim and murder other people."
,Recommended,236690,31452329,Posted: 29 April,all,mjrchickenhawk,"I don't get bothered by the DLC flak. It's still a great game. The board game worked out a very good system. That being said, there are many UI and customization options that the devs should do, but overall it's a really fun time!"
,Recommended,236690,31120458,Posted: 13 April,all,BrosephStalin,"I enjoy Bloodbowl on the table top so my liking this game is a no brainer. The graphics are great and the slow motion hits don't really get old for me. The single player campaign was very fun too with lots of random stuff in it.I have 2 minor gripes:The Death result on the injury happens way too often. You need to roll a 6 on that die for a death and it happens multiple times a game. It's just annoying because in table top, that death is a huge thing. It doesn't happen as often so you remember it. On the PC game, it's just not special anymore because it's rolled too often.The set up has a glitch where if it disconnects and then reconnects, it starts the setup timer all over. So in theory, you could sit there for hours until you just get frustrated and concede because of someone else's glitchy internet connection.But let's end this on a positive note. Here 2 things I absolutely love about the game:I love the announcers and how they talk. Please expand on it. I wish you guys sold an ugrade similar to the extra teams where it just adds to the announcers vocabulary.The different uniforms you can buy with Cyans is pretty neat. I like my fuscia chaos. I wish we could buy different style balls. Keep it coming please!"
76561198311702868,Recommended,236690,31366185,Posted: 25 April,all,AdamTheBester,"This is the most ridiculous, awful, and frustrating game ever. I love it."
76561197969942884,Recommended,236690,31333833,Posted: 23 April,all,DJ Splendid,"I'd bet axions to artichokes the only negative reviews this game has received have been from players who never experienced the board game.Blood Bowl 2 is my new gold standard in tabletop digitisation.I hope GW grants the devs a comprehensive WH40K digitsation license (even if only to trigger the ruleset refactoring and disambiguation that's been overdue for twenty years).For anyone not familar with Blood Bowl, i strongly recommend reading the rules to avoid tantrums. Blood Bowl is 46% tantrum management. It used to be more than 46% but it seems the days of one's opponent gleefully screeching, ""illegal procedure"" at you and pointing to an overlooked turn counter are gone. A bit like modems. Sort of a shame. But not really."
76561197982410317,Recommended,236690,18739772,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tobbe,"It's been quite some time since I played the board game, but I find Blood Bowl 2 to be an excellent adaptation.Of course it is much more fun if you have a bunch of friends to set up a league with. Some teams are missing, and also the UI needs a few improvements, but hopefully some of these things will be fixed in upcoming patches. The game definately has great potential."
76561197992891038,Recommended,236690,18715162,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MasterMarglar,only thing is they need to fix if you change your settings on resolution so you can change it back as all the buttons are not lined up
76561198025110148,Recommended,236690,18852317,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lux-Vertas,"What is the old Brittish saying?""I want to a Fight and a Football match broke out""Yeah that's it!I admit this game can be unfair as hell! Luck is a bad thing in games, BUT even though older players are complaining about the lack of features... you realise DLC exists? and also this isn't made by EA so you won't have to spend £35 on a new game in a year!"
76561198044059831,Recommended,236690,18660992,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dangoon,Good enough for fans of Blood Bowl
76561198043529951,Recommended,236690,18656231,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jewphoria,This game has made me rage harder than any other game i have ever played.  10/10
76561198123688447,Not Recommended,236690,25568260,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,subgenius,"what a complete failure the AI won't even score if it is the last thing in turn 16 that it can do, just walk into the endzone without any dice rollsbuy this game only if you want to play against other playersthe single player mode is a 100% rippoff not even worth 5 euro"
,Recommended,236690,34772357,Posted: 6 September,all,Sir Papercut,"Best played in multiplayer, then you can be in awe of your opponent's highs and laugh at your abysmal lows together."
76561198065586594,Not Recommended,236690,19973764,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CunningFoxPup,"Do not turn your nose up on this game because the reviews say mixed. This game looks extremely better than all the previous titles, it plays smoother, its way more user friendly than any other Blood Bowl title. All its missing is the teams from all the others which Surprise, they didnt have at launch either. The Devs are responding to us for the first time ever and have promised the first 4 teams (Which launch in Febuary) for free if you own the game before they launch. Buy this game, and Praise NuffleI'm leaving the above review for reference and scope on what I have to say now. It has been 5 months since the release of the game and we got our first new team today. 3 monthes after what was promised, even if it was still free. Most of the fans have died off and wait times for a random matchmade game is ludicrous. Unless you have enough friends to make your own closed league I wouldn't bother anymore. The only option to play anymore really is to join one of the communites that has set up leagues and get into them. The Devs have killed their own game by taking 5 monthes to make one race that should have been started the moment the game went live. GG Cyanide. GG"
,Recommended,236690,18178632,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Heretic379,"More of the same with updated graphics and UI - but let's face it, that's pretty much all us Blood Bowlers wanted anyhow!"
76561197993295672,Recommended,236690,23056236,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cheesehead,"What do you get when you purchase Blood Bowl 2? Quite simply, a great muliplayer experience if, and only if, you are a good sport and not a rage quitter. Rather than a basic review, I will point out the differences between this version, and the previous installments.First, there are less races. More are coming, but really, this is a minor problem. You won't see the Halflings, Vampires, Ogres with snotlings, or Goblins. These 4 teams in particular are mostly uncompetitive anyways. More teams are being added and there are enough to keep you busy from the start.No single player experience worth mentioning exists. It really didn't exist in the previous version, either. Why? The AI was terrible beyond reason. You could easily win nearly 100% of your games once you knew the holes in the AI. If you check the message boards, players complained endlessly about the AI being stupid. Having a worthless single player campaign in Blood Bowl 2 follows the same trend as its predecessors.This game is all about multiplayer. Having an easy cakewalk in the previous games will not teach you what this game is about. You have to understand that winning consistantly is difficult. Bad things can happen on every turn. You will only understand the unforgiving nature of this game by playing against real life people. The dice don't care about you. Rolling back to back failures happen just as astounding lucky plays do. The game is played by assuming you will fail the next roll.Rage quitting isn't smart this time around. Be warned you will not gain star points for disconnecting, and your opponents will love you for it, because they will receive free points. Take your beatings when they are handed to you, and try again. At some point, your opponent will suffer from having horrible luck.I suppose its worth mention the UI isn't the greatest. The previous versions has the same problem. No loss there, either.Verdict? If you want to experience Blood Bowl like it should be, get this version. Keep in mind the original game was a board game that required another person, obviously. Wishing for a deep single player campaign is irrelevant. Playing Chess or Checkers against an AI is just as pointless. You learn more playing against actual people.If you are weak, and would have your self esteem injured because you can't win every game you play, Don't play this game. If you can handle a few good beat downs, I'll see you on the pitch."
76561198018705104,Recommended,236690,18152522,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,NewWorldDemon,The only thing I care about in a game is if it is fun and if it is priced in a good ratio of hours playable to dollars payed. Blood Bowl 2 has both.
,Recommended,236690,18204725,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ZeldaHime,"I don't know why this game is getting so much hate. I've tried blood bowl one and never got into it because it was way to much to handle as a newbie, blood bowl 2 however is easier atleast even though it takes some time to get into.Only gripe i have with the game is that there's no save in solo play mid-match (Shouldn't be too hard to fix?).Also the game is dice based, something people overlook in my opinion. That means games might be heavily in favor of either side depending on the risks you take or just because you are unlucky/lucky. I really like the rng aspect but if you want something that is solely strategic thinking then this game is probably not for you.On a side note: This game will probably be better over time with more diveristy in races and hopefully some fixes to make certain processes easier (Like re-naming units before their first match and such)."
76561198001409254,Recommended,236690,22790057,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Zed,The learning curve is steep.The campaign is awful.The dice are cruel.But I find myself looking forward to every game.Best played with friends.
,Recommended,236690,18152095,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DXDarkman,"Better than Blood Bowl 1! This is a very good game,but i want my Lizardmen and the other  factions (Amazons,Vampire lords, Nurgle etc.) and more maps and balance,bug patch."
76561198023617359,Recommended,236690,18152551,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sad Onions,"Fun, exciting, violent, intelligent and JUST AWESOME!!! A complex game which is still able to give you the simplest feeling of pure joy as you watch your big guy smack some poor goblin in the face"
,Recommended,236690,18166326,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Arelevent,"I have 238 hours in BB1I currently have 6.9 hours in BB2I sincerely hope to pass 300 hours in BB2.Massive step forward guys, looking forward to some tweaks but overall Major Fun."
76561198018079741,Recommended,236690,18161437,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,☨ ✪ DeuZerre ✠ ☭,"WHile it is missing some things, it is a quite good game.There are some clear improvements over the previous game(s), and some downs. The main thing is that the interface is a lot better, but they also took some of the information away (hopefully to be added later).I know I'll play this game as much as the previous one(s), and the DLC part of it is actually better than their previous business model.Many people post bad reviews because of less teams, but the number will increase."
,Not Recommended,236690,23062163,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Berna091,Still not worth it. Cool graphics and all but not even worth it with 60% off.
76561198006632890,Not Recommended,236690,29085381,Posted: 7 January,all,bagpuss87,"This game has its moments, it realy does. It pays off to plan in advance and every race has its lilttle quirk.  Sadly i find all this all pales to what i see as a major flaw, the luck system. When you are on a lucky roll you can knock out half the AI team in a couple of turns for a easy victory but when the bad luck hit you may as well give up. Spending four or five turns trying to pick up the ball in perfect conditions, having a large number of your tackles knock you down or cause turn over or just having alot of opponent tackles cause injuries/deaths. While a bad match can just be laughed off the permanent injury or death means that one match follows you until you replace/level up. For reference played solo for 80 hours odd so not just had one bad match and threw a hissy."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,236690,24407872,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,NeonHaggis,"The matches can be entertaining but just from a single-player perspective I'd put this down as a miss. The AI is not capable at all of putting up a fight, it can occaisionaly win due to the heavy focus on RNG but it is worthless at even the basic blitz attack never mind any of the more advanced tactics.Never tried MP, I'll let others judge wether the game is worth it for that aspect."
76561198017011901,Recommended,236690,18163677,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bong Studly,"Games Workshop elitists will hate this game for what it isn't, and/or what it isn't yet. I personally love this game for everything that it is. Brilliant turn-based strategy is why I paid the price of admission, and I don't regret it for a second."
,Recommended,236690,18151323,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Havelock,Graphics are way better than the first. Stomping fallen players is still fantastic.10/10 Would Commit a Foul Again.
,Recommended,236690,18151856,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hawkward,"A welcome improvement on the original. BB2 looks to keep the same game with a slapdash of higher graphical fidelity.-  Not launching with nearly as many races but enough variance to make an interesting game-  UI and Menus are a bit of a mess, presumably to make it fit all in for console players. Makes team management a bit of      a pain-  Same old very very heavy RNG elements, if you don't have patience prepare to Alt F4 this game on your first bad game-  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Pre-order packageFans of the old will love it, people looking to pick it up will hate, until they'll love to hate it"
76561198063800097,Recommended,236690,24242423,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,sephroth7,"Know the game can totally screw you over because it's a dice based table top port, but it's fun if you like step by step strategy and risk management. If you're a fan of salt inducing strategy board games, you'll probably like it."
76561198048425536,Recommended,236690,18165626,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Enock,Very fun game. Didnt get my preorder bonus lizardmen though not sure why
76561197994834498,Recommended,236690,18179620,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Andy Dwyer,"I enjoy football. I like orcs. I like Skaven even more.It's a fun game to get in a match or two after work each day, and I can promise I'll be spending a lot more time on it in the coming months."
,Not Recommended,236690,18148381,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,WHITE WALKER,I just feel like its not worth the money plain and simple. I wish more people would just play bb1. Requesting a refund at this point.
,Recommended,236690,18178187,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RainyDays,Love this game. Updated graphics and much better UI. The attacks are visceral and the multiplayer is wonderful. It's still a difficult game for newcomers but a few youtube videos clear that up. Easy recommend.
,Recommended,236690,24882356,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Azazel,I love it ... Sad that not many people play this .
76561197960572516,Not Recommended,236690,33463008,Posted: 11 July,all,Chanvre,"Good game , because its bloodbowl. Interface , config . menu , option... are all extremely crappy!!Worth:10$ u.s with all race maybe..."
76561198041562114,Not Recommended,236690,18207548,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,wiz828,You are better off sticking with Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition. Other then upgraded graphics there is no reason to buy this game.
,Recommended,236690,18176408,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Martin,"As usual the whiners are out in force demanding refunds and crying like little girls who've lost dolly.The game is great. If you are a fan of Blood Bowl it's a no brainer. If you like turn based strategy this could well stratch that itch.I enjoyed BB1 but I hated the UI, the presentation and most of all it's total lack of personality and atmosphere. Something that for me is essential in  Warhammer game.BB2 fixes all those things. The Stadiums feel alive and buzzing with excitement. The player animations are great and brutal. The base game and rules are pretty much the same, it's Blood Bowl afterall.Personally I'm playing with a controller which works great but KB/M are just as good (better even).Graphical options are limited but lets face it, you don't need them on a game like like this.The Campaign is fun and eases new players into the game and rules and the custom solo leagues are great. I've yet to play multiplayer.The number of teams/races is limited right now as it was when the original launched. They will no doubt be added via DLC, just like the original.Dice rolls can become infuriating when they don't go your way which is just like the real game. Against the AI I won just as many as I lost and never felt cheated."
76561198017330924,Not Recommended,236690,24605999,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tiberius,"Same problem as the last one, the dice rolling system is ridiculous.  Double Skulls have come up 7x in a row in multiple games (6 different matches on 2 different teams) now.  That odds of that actually happning is virtual none.  The AI is just as crappy as the last versions.  My friends who've played it have had the same problems."
76561198008582160,Recommended,236690,18156734,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TheMetalfreak360,"This is a game that I really like, every hit feels like it is going to kill the other player and the tension is high throughout the game. And the fact that, even when you loose close to your whole team, you can still win if you play smart.Many people say that the price isn't justified, given certain things from Blood Bowl 1. And to that I ask, did you play it multiplayer? I have no idea how many times we had unstable games there, the game would just crash, hits didn't feel like they had an impact, the UI was pretty bad. This is much better in those aspects, and for me personally that is enough for me to say that I feel like this price is ok for this game.It really depends if you like this kind of game or not, ofc if you don't really enjoy this kind of game, you WILL feel ripped off, if you like it, then you have no qualms with it.And I don't know what the price is in other countries, but for me in Norway it was a ok price. I am guessing Australia, USA or other countries may have a higher price point."
,Recommended,236690,18148445,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Thayxen,"I highly recommend Blood Bowl 2.  My experience is based on the beta and will be updated after a bit more time with the launch version. I also have a ridiculous # of hours logged with the previous game.  While I'm no expert on the game, here are some changes I've noticed in comparison to BB1:- Gold in your treasury adds to the TV once you have more than 150K.  Initially I didn't like this, however now I find myself much more willing to purchase inducements that exceed petty-cash values in matches, and this truly adds to the gameplay.  More importantly, I am no longer afraid to fill out a team roster with reserves. I think this was a great decision from the developer.- Team management is more robust. You have an upgradeable home-stadium. Player transfers / market is a feature (was not live during beta). All in all, teams feel like they have more of a life and identity.- Chances on action success are shown in a % tooltip. This will help players that don't initially understand the dice system (hey, I'm sure they exist). But moreover, it just helps with making quick choices in context.- The league system / interface appears to be better designed.- The standard grid overlay (which you could toggle on and off in the last game) is gone. In its place, there is a contextual grid on each player you select. It's not distracting and functions perfectly well. You now see a numeric indication of stacked tackle zones on any given tile.- Animation and gameplay feels more life-like / brutal, and fun!- The controls will feel strange at first. There is an option to toggle BB1 controls, and the BB1 camera (I recommend). Though the BB2 controls may work just fine for some, and the BB2 camera is actually enjoyable once you're comfortable with strategy.- You're no longer tied to your opponent's cutscenes. For those that remember from the first game, an angry player would remain idle at keyboard while you were spamming 'Esc.'.  This is handled much better.- The dice / roll log was limited. You see current roll results at the bottom of the interface. Hopefully a full log will be visible in the future.- The visible armor changes that occurred when a player leveled up, seem to have been cut. I thought it was a neat feature of the first game. (Not to be mistaken with mutations, which are visible after acquired).- The game occassionally crashes / becomes unresponsive immediately after launching into a new match (loading screen).That's it for now. Definitely worth a buy!"
76561197971454541,Recommended,236690,18156642,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,KGB Donkleaps,"I do recommend this game for BB fans. 7/10The game is great, it's easier however to list what it lacks as opposed to what it has so I'll keep this simple.It lacks animation and cut scene variety. (no big deal when you turn them off anyway)It lacks all teams (which as a pre orderer I still have not gotten my wood elves and as an owner of every previous title we get no credit towards future teams)It lacks a grid system which Chaos Edition had.To all the naysayers yes I agree a game should be complete on release date but sadly we live in a different time now. I personally think the game was released about 2-3 months too early but I think it's playable and enjoyable."
,Recommended,236690,18234653,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sourcarnival,The first game in the series was a fantastic adaption to the classic tabletop game. Blood Bowl II succesfully improves on the first in just about every way possible. One of the most important improvements. The player is given stats as to how successfull a particular movement will be.
76561198044652189,Recommended,236690,18281630,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Killersquid,"It's blood bowl, don't expect anything else.Ui is way better then BB1Only 10 teams but i assume more are to comeAnimations look good, but can be turned off, which i would recommend because they get repetitive fastOverall its a good blood bowl experience, with a decent campaign to teach new kids what's going on"
76561198253538938,Recommended,236690,18358358,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,flaviopiu,Good game... Loyal to the original boardgame... I miss a hotseat league mode to play with yours friends offline
76561198101247182,Recommended,236690,18234746,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sky Command,Following the gameplay of Blood Bowl 1 and making slight but impactful upgrades make this game a must have for players who enjoyed the first blood bowl
76561197970053951,Recommended,236690,18280527,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Reaces,"Blood  Bowl 2 is an amazing turn-based game.Persistence between gamesMultiple teamsRandom chance can break or make a matchEasy rules to learn, with depth that is hard to masterThis game is not however for the impatient, or for those who can't deal with random chance.You will loose players.You will loose matches.You will have bad dice rolls.If that sounds like something you can't handle, don't try this game.If that sounds like something you'd enjoy however, try it! It's amazing."
76561198089900029,Recommended,236690,18679030,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Invisible Jam,"For beginners =https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV3kQuapaTwAn excellent port of the popular and well-received turn-based strategy board game which uses the newest LRB 6 edition of the rules. Blood Bowl (BB) is the game of Fantasy Football (with Elves, Dwarfs, Orcs etc.), akin to real-life Rugby (play only halts when a point is scored) or American Football, only with excessive violence, death, secret weapons and even magic. Oh, and the ball has spikes on it. BB 2 has a new and improved game engine with awesome brutal cinematics and a cleaner UI. As well as more multiplayer possibilities than BB 1 (player trading, stadium upgrades), there's a brand new narrative single player campaign that is simple enough to appeal to new players, but with just enough variety to engage long-time fans. Lots and lots of chaos and fun.Be aware: this game is based on dice-rolling, so luck plays a part. BUT there is also lots of strategy to it, from more basic ideas like risk management and positioning, to the more complex such as chain pushing and team builds/management/development (useful site -http://bbtactics.com/). 90% of the few hundred matches I've played (that's including previous versions of the game) have felt like the better player won. Sometimes bad luck really does strike yes, but if you analyse your game-play you usually could've made some better decisions, too. Don't be put off by what seems like bad luck in your first few games, but be warned that this game requires some patience to get good at.Online leagues are where Blood Bowl 2 really comes to life. The AI seems hard at first, but can become too easy quite quickly. Online you get the challenge of real players, can choose options such turn length (I would highly recommend 1 or 2 minute turns) and even make your own league. Matchmaking and ladder climbing in the biggest leagues is fun, but there's nothing better than playing a tournament with your friends :D"
76561198079307620,Recommended,236690,18896734,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SaintTodd,"While fairly unambitious, Blood Bowl 2 is a pretty good game. I would like to see more of everything: animations, teams, options, customization, commentary, but what's here is all well done. Hopefully the game is supported and expanded by Cyanide in the future, because I can't help but feel this could have been the XCOM of 2015 if they had put a little more into it."
76561197997810842,Recommended,236690,18159287,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Semi,"This is the best version of Blood Bowl available on PC.Better interfaceBetter graphicsA solo campaign with a good storyEasy multiplayer league playController supportIt may not have all the teams at release, but introducing them later as DLC will stop the fragmentation caused by having the separate editions of standard, LE and CE.For me, at least, this faithfully captures the essence of the tabletop game which I played from the third edition.I can understand some of the bitterness towards the reduced team options at the moment. However I honestly feel this will quickly become the definitive way to play Blood Bowl on PC as it will appeal to old and new players alike."
,Recommended,236690,18169091,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"As an avid player of the original board game and BB:CE I really enjoy this new iteration.The Positives:The visuals are stunningThe game is as fun and visceral as everAnother great adaptation of Blood BowlThe Negatives:Some teams don't have as many customization optionsThe RNG seems a bit off from time to time. (random number generator)Difficulty may be too much for some. A lot of trial  and error is needed.Why so many negative reviews?Well, the last version Chaos Edition had 22 teams, this team has 8. People fail to understand that this game is reworked and rebuilt from the ground up. There isn't ""cut content"".Single Player Campaign is basically a tutorial and it only uses the Human team. People want a campaign mode for every team. Not only is this a lot more work, you have better alternatives such as creating a new league and playing with whatever team you want. This is the same as a single player campaign without all the added story bits. Same as BBCE.Hope this helps."
76561198114531288,Recommended,236690,18166743,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,InfectedOrphan,"Blood Bowl 2 is really just the first game with a much cleaner U.I. and less races, but I even witht he limited race chooses it is still just as much fun as ever."
76561198090369539,Recommended,236690,18167903,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,AdamTheBatmanWest,So in all while there are less teams I almost feel like that's a good thing. New players don't have to worry about 20-30 teams just eight to ten. So as a person who's put 70 hours into bb1 I'd say buy this game its fun and the britonians are a fun edition.So with that have fun on the pitch stomping eating or punching the hell out of goblins.
,Recommended,236690,18167665,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,LaurenTheeRipper,12/10. Will ruin my life
76561198253560401,Recommended,236690,24046230,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,si.webster,"Great implementation of one of the best board games of all time.Buy it, you fools!"
,Recommended,236690,24307375,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bandz,"I've  recently started playing Gameworshop games, and have really liked the amount of detail/lore/flavor in these games, if you like the Warhammer series, and...Chess? This game is wonderful, but i see it as some sort of Chess type of game, Imagine Chess with stats and character naming some customization and stats, that's bloodbowl 2, like chess with D&D characters, or something like that...Either way, I like this game, although it has a large learning curve and you'll have to spend a bit of time reading up about it, the gameplay is really fun and rewarding once you learn how.THIS ISN'T A VIOLENT NFL SPORTS GAME THOUGH, THAT'S WHAT I EXPECTED WHEN I FIRST BOUGHT IT,  FANTASY NFL, which it isn't, it's a digital boardgame, but nonetheless a very fun digital boardgame with nice graphics and mechanics. 5/5 once you learn to play it, 3/5 if you buy it just for the campaign and don't both to learn the game.Come test the waters, they're kinda chilly, but you'll get used to 'em."
76561198016444071,Not Recommended,236690,18364635,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,moldy,complete trash waste of money.Complete destruction of a pretty good table top game made into a farce .nuffle the god of dice is the program ♥♥♥♥ing with the dice rolls of the game.There is also numerous hackers so prepare to get killed buy hackers that never fail dice rolls.
76561198004263396,Not Recommended,236690,18427048,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,nisqy,Looked awesome. Plays out incredibly bad. Worst buy last six months at least...
,Not Recommended,236690,18354819,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mr Melon,"Welcome to the game of rolling dice, a simulator where it doesn't matter who you picked or what you do, because every decision you make comes down to whether you can roll 1d6. I played 12 games of this 'game' and let me give you a rundown of how each turn plays out. You get to move your players into positions to give them strategic advantages then fight the other team to knock them down. The most common 'advantageous' roll you'll get is 2d6 to pick one depending on what you want.So you roll 2d6.Double skulls. Skulls knock down your player, not theirs.So you use one of your ""team rerolls"" to change the outcome.Double skulls. Your player falls over and your turn ends instantly.You haven't moved anyone, or done anything. Your turn is done. The other guy then takes his turn, knocking down every single one of your team regardless of the odds. Heck, he can roll 2 dice disadvantaged and he'll 100% of the time score adouble knockdown that you can't avoid. Half of your team will be injured or KO'd in the first round and unable to play for the rest of the game which is IMPORTANT, as he now outnumbers you 11 to 5.Now it's your turn again. Somehow get 2d6 to roll.Roll double skulls.Use a reroll?Double skulls.You're saying to yourself at this point ""wow, this guys just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting. What a moron this never happens to me"". I played 12 games and this happened at least once in EVERY SINGLE GAME. Did it happen to my opponents? NO. If they tried to make plays where they needed to dodge twice, each time at 17%, would they make it? 100% of the time, yes. Not a single person I played against lost more than 2 rolls in the entire match. By the time it got to game 10, I was so sick of this rng nightmare that I was conceding on the third turn after most of my team were dead or had broken legs and missing limbs while his players were at the line with not a single penalty.I was under the impression that thinking about this game mattered in some way, but trust me, it doesn't, If I could go lower than 1/10 I would for this, but for the sake of it, lets just leave it at 1/10. Without reducing my settings to the lowest possible on quite a high end machine, the game crashed out constantly or took so long to register an action that a quarter of my turn was already wasted by the time people moved. On the first day I played, the servers were so broken it was disconnecting people midway through the match which forced both teams to concede a loss.This game is -not- playable in its current state and I would not recomend any of you spend even £5 on something you could replicate by buying 3d6 and shoving them down your friends throat while their young children watched. £35 is like asking a poor man for 3 of his limbs to give him a cup of water, not even slightly worth it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,236690,18668375,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Abaddon,"Love it. Maybe difficult to get into, and even harder to master. But it is worth it."
,Recommended,236690,18157401,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MaFooBar,Would roll dice again.
,Recommended,236690,18169852,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Blinckx,"Even if some features are missing the game is good. The graphic is really nice, animations are good and, so far, i've found no bug at all."
,Not Recommended,236690,18283636,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Peace Frog,"The bad:1)turns takes forever, game could last for 30-45 mins,2) passes are very lousy and rarely get made,3) players only pick brawlers and teams that injure and that would be a couple of teams,4) tutorial is very short on details, you will fail an 83% for an action,5) passive block actions doesnt seem to work or its chances are minimal.6) specialisation skill dont seem to matter, passers get 63% or less on pass actions, catchers get 63% or less on catch actions. The game seem to want you to only line up brawlers and take tunr punching each other hoping for stun,kill or injure roll.the good:1) the commentators2) voice acting3) animationsit seems like they got all the cosmetics right, but failed in making the game balanced or fun;; stupid game dont buy it."
76561198007195274,Not Recommended,236690,19349404,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SirSchwalk,"Game is terrible. Dice rolls are ridiculous. I am convinced that the game decides a winner on the loading screen. In every single match one player gets nothing but good rolls while the loseing team receives attacker down rolls over and over and over again, regardless if you stack your players logically. One side gets steam rolled from start to finish, no matter what. The laughable random number generator isn't the only problem. Where are all the races? Oh yea they are going to charge you 10 dollars a peice for them, so be prepared to shell out at least 100 dollars for access to everything that came with Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition.Summary: They cut half the game, forgot to test the dice, put a paint job on it, and hoped no one would notice."
76561197993393365,Recommended,236690,18274968,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sarge-LotD,Will always be my favorite Games Workshop game and Focus does a pretty good job bringing it to the computer screen. This is a fun competative game that you can play against friends or online against thousands.
76561197969329967,Not Recommended,236690,25474198,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DarkRealm,"I have to say, I don't normally write reviews.  Mainly because you don't know if the person is just being whiny or not because he/she loses.  Well I can honestly say that this game seems to have more potential than most.  I want to LOVE it so much.  But I can't.  Its broken.  The rules it places for the game, it doesn't honor them half the time.  It doesn't balance a team of your lvl as your opponent, Unless you play solo and select easy.  DLC Teams are overpowered, which is all I fought in Multiplayer.  and 9 times out of 10... RNG WILL not let you have a chance in H**L of winning.  This CAN be great, but isn't in it's current state.  They need to fix team balance issues, multiplayer match-up balancing, the rules need to work, and work on making RNG not F**K up your day EVERY TIME YOU PLAY.  My opinion is unless you buy more(DLC) RNG will hate you.  It shouldn't be P2W if it's not a F2P game or an MMO at all.  Thank God I bought this on a SUPER discount or I would have been more upset then I am.  And this is a Prime reason I don't buy games anymore unless I can try them out 1st.  When/If they fix the game... I'll write a more positive review.  Oh and No I havn't won a game yet... but when RNG makes you're whole team stunned or knocked out or DEAD by Turn 3 it's hard to do, while the other team has 1 stun.  I hope they fix the game soon."
,Not Recommended,236690,20456758,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,DoomBlackDragon,First off the game takes anything good from the first game and removes it. Second the AI cheats a lot in this game. The play will always get terrible dice rolls. While the AI will get good rolls for most of the time.The teams have some poor balance as well. With the two DLC teams being far better then the standard teams. Making the dlc feel like they are pay to win.Good luck playing MP. First you have to sign up for a league. Then spend the next few hours hoping someone in the league will want to play. I tried many times to get into an MP game and got bored after 2 hours waiting.I am hoping someone mades some dice mods so the game is at less playable. As right now it just a waste of money.
76561198047739318,Not Recommended,236690,28876758,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tedarteraise,"Much worse than Bowl Chaos edition. The UI is terrible and prone to missclicks. You can't blacklist players, so If a players gets  angry because he's losing a game he just has to  leave the chair and make you until every turn ends. You're also exposed to insults.Graphics are mediocre (all expectators look the same) and you have too few races to begin."
76561197961863985,Not Recommended,236690,20044582,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,An00bis,"Call it what you will, one thing you cannot call Blood Bowl is a strategy game. When the push comes to shove, this game is about little more than dice rolls. Yes, there are things you can do - using a player with X skill to attempt a particular action instead of player with Y skill, so on and so forth - ultimately though, nothing matters but the randome result of a dice roll.Long time players tell newcomers all sorts of things ad nauseum about risk management and smart chance taking. Those players remind of the gamblers who believe they have 'a system' for winning at craps, or roulette, or keno, or slots.There may be things you can do to slightly nudge the chances of success of failure in your favor but, in the end, nothing but the end result of the dice rolls matters and games can be won or lost on a single good/bad roll.While that certainly fits the description of a 'game of chance' it is definitely not, a strategy game. And the dice roll essentially renders pointless any actions taken by the actual player(s). You could eliminate graphics, teams, stats etc. and just roll dice at each other for an hour or so and tally up who had the most 'good' rolls. Then have one final roll to see who won, and that's your winner.That's Blood Bowl."
76561198002434321,Not Recommended,236690,24108189,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MILK,"I really wanted to like this game, but this game seems unfinished. There are only 8 playable races out of the 20 from the first game. You cannot choose your race in campaign, only in multiplayer, and the graphic for every single knockdown is exactly the same. You literally watch that clip 20-40 times per match. I got this game on sale, so im not too sad, but this game had the potential for much much more."
76561198068523986,Recommended,236690,19362154,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Spowkaspow,69/69
,Recommended,236690,18380123,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Warrior Poet,Great Game!!!!!
76561198008465665,Not Recommended,236690,23226948,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Zugzwang,"Forced to play out of necessity. Story is great, but other than that game sucks. Matchmaking is terrible, the ""balance"" arround team level sucks, extremely random in the worst way possible.Just poor overall."
76561198082511043,Recommended,236690,23079357,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,queenice1986,If you can cope with losing simply by bad luck then yes buy it (the best player most of the time) if you cant and would like to ♥♥♥♥♥ about bad dice etc dont bother...... there are more than enough players like that here already!This game tends to attract people who think they are better than they actually are which is ideal for then as they can always blame the dice rather than admit there lack of tallent.
,Recommended,236690,18155818,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MTPio,"Great fun, currently easy to find matches if you join an open league, campaign helps get the basics of the game down.  The game needs a little work and some more features added into it but nothing game breaking in the game as far as I can tell.  I am a bit disappointed about the DLC but hopefully people only buy DLC for races they want when they introduce it."
76561198045333132,Recommended,236690,18172230,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Chex 86,As the game is i would give it a 7/10 its missing teams but i can understand that as totalbiscuit has explained its very expensive. Thier our no real secret weapons and this means bashy teams our very favored.The potential and developers our great however and i can see it being a 9/10 or a 10/10 when its fleshed out like the orginal bloodbowl game.
,Recommended,236690,18155435,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SirFozzie,"If you've played the Blood Bowl series, it's got a massive graphical upgrade. Still some AI issues, but that's to be expected. Disappointing to only have 8 races at launch (two, Wood Elves and Lizardmen will be DLC shortly after release, and you get one free if you preordered), compared to the 20+ of Blood Bowl Chaos Edition, but I can understand that not every coach will want every team. As long as you can play AGAINST those teams, I'm fine with it."
,Recommended,236690,18175915,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Crusader,Fun game
76561198132239216,Recommended,236690,18155382,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,indefiniteshark,Love the first blood bowl games and I also play the table top version. this 2nd game really takes it up a level to immerse you onto a proper blood bowl field. so far excellent work
,Recommended,236690,18156341,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Groundhog,4+ dodge. SUCCESS. 3+ dodge. SUCCESS. 1 dice block. POW. Armour roll. SUCCESS. STUNNED. 3+ pick up. SUCCESS. 2+ gfi. SUCCESS. 2+ gfi for game winning TD. Fail.Would play again.
,Recommended,236690,18151016,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Morganator,"Huge improvement from the first. Animations are beautiful, Models are beautiful, and the UI is much improved. The End turn button is in an odd spot, but I've never hit it accidentally, plus they are moving it. If you enjoy Bloodbowl, this is strongly recommended.  If you've never played it, then there is a bit of a learning curve. If people tell you it is solely luck based, they are wrong. Luck definitely plays a role, and if one team is very unlucky it can lead to a loss, but the more skill you have, the more you know about what risks to take, and when to take them. I would read some online guides before buying it, both to learn about the game and to figure out if it's a game you would enjoy."
,Recommended,236690,18155740,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rocka,"Thinking back to the 90's when I used to play a lot of the BB board game, and loving it. I remember we used to talk about how cool it would be to have a computer version with the commentators from the rulebooks and chanting crowds, blood splatter etc.Enter Cyanide!First they made Chaos League, a ""pirate version"" of Blood Bowl that Games Workshop liked enough to ""lend"" out the Warhammer license. Then came Blood Bowl the PC version. It wasn't bad, just more of an upgraded Chaos League game with a terrible UI (among the worst i've seen).I remember reading about Blood Bowl 2 for the first time about a year ago.They described it as a more visual experience, more action, better graphics, better UI and better League Management among other new cool stuff.So, is this version better than the previous Blood Bowl PC version? Hell Yes!In almost every reguard.Is it 100% perfect? No, but really what game is?Really recommend it to both new players and old veterans like myself."
76561198025148948,Recommended,236690,18242920,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hamno,"Just got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a Orc team, had a key blitzer of mine die at the hands of a Blood Orc and then my hail mary pass to save the game intercepted by a goblin. 10/10, would get crushed again.As for the gameplay, its a combination of football, chess, and dice rolls. You will feel like so many things are random chance, but the goal is to manage risk and take actions to put those dice rolls in your favour. Or do like I did, and get crushed. Its called blood bowl for a reason.No the dice are not stacked against you, and your not going to win every game. If you cant handle that than this isnt the game for you."
76561198005768777,Not Recommended,236690,21220377,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Archon,"It's amazing how the developers (Cyanide) could have only one job (translate the board game to the virtual environment), and yet still fail ... over and over and over.  I mean, how many times are they going to take a shot at doing this game?  For god's sake, the rules are already done--the player base just wanted a stable game.  Why is that so hard to friggin' understand?  WHY?  WHY THE HELL DID YOU FEEL THE NEED TO CHANGE THINGS?It defies understanding how this dev team just feels the need to stomp this IP in the dirt, repeatedly.  Change the rules for no good reason?  Uh .....  Add stupid things, like stadiums, and stupid rules changes? What?   LoL.  OK.  Hell, why don't you just go and mess with the optional skill use rules and add ageing, or something ... Oh, you did that already?    ROFL.This game ... such a huge letdown.  The ONLY way you could enjoy this game is if you had never played it before.  Keep that in mind as you read through these reviews; you'll see a recognizable pattern emerge."
,Recommended,236690,18892874,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hugh Mann,"The amount of people complaining about a lack of single player in a traditionally multiplayer game is frankly very confusing.This game is a delightful multiplayer game with true RNG and very unique well crafted teams with special units.While yes it has less teams than the last BB a lot of those teams had common pools of players (I'm lookin at you undead,vampires,etc) and now they each have their own design that's pretty unique without being distracting.People are also salty about how they are doing DLC teams while I concede it would be nice to be able to buy a package deal with all teams for cheaper I can see why they decided to do individual teams allowing the consumer to buy what they want with no extras. Just want Vampires when they come out? Just buy vampires. You don't have to buy 20 dollars worth of content to get the one thing you want for a couple bucks. Over all I'll reserve judgement until they put out actual DLC and not just the holdover stuff from the pre-orders that we knew about before the game even launched.It's flaws are pretty simple, sometimes the UI is a bit clunky, and there are occasional bugs that rarely impact gameplay."
76561198241481174,Not Recommended,236690,23939308,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sollomon Kane,"Results are very random. Too random to have have fun.  Great idea, though."
,Recommended,236690,18188339,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,aintnosunshine,Praise Nuffle !
76561197998157987,Not Recommended,236690,18228109,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,Does not feel like this version picked up where the last one left off as their aren't any improvements and the game is actually buggier (feels like an early beta).After 30 hours of playtime I went right back to playing the older version which had smoother gameplay and more teams.Avoid this version.
76561198064466076,Not Recommended,236690,18212797,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Omega Ego,"Runs horrible, and crashes on startup for me after changing graphic settings a bit. Poor optomization, would seriously recomend avoiding."
76561198018598516,Not Recommended,236690,18229061,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,euplatious,"I like Blood Bowl 2 in some respects.  After investing 70+ hours into the first game, and having played the real life Blood Bowl, I pre-ordered the game.  Played some people online, played the campaign, and more.  There are some things to recommend about the game as well.  The gameplay works as expected, and the graphics are well suited.But there are a few things that irk me.  First of all, the campaign was sold as this major ongoing plotline with new stuff happening.  But it's not.  First of all, the campaign is actually a tutorial.  The first few games don't have certain thigns enabled, and since it takes around an hour to play a game, it's not until 4-5 hours into the game when the campiagn actualyl opens up.  But then it doesn't, becuase many things happen to help you win.  There are things that will kill your foes, and people that will join your squad mid game, and you are almost always given sigifcnat advantages.  Also, as my team increased its BV, the opposing team never got to purchase things to make things a bit more even.  With all of thse advantages (easing into the rules, various things given to you to beat your foes, and no assistance if you outrate your foes, no spirling expenses, etc) I finished the campaign after 15 hours or so, and never conceded a goal.  It was never close.  Therefore, the campaign, a major selling point of BB2 was a total and abject failure.What else?Well, I created some teams, went online, began to get some games on.  Made a league for games vs the AI as well, and even released from the shackles of the campaign, the AI is poor.  It can be severely exploited by knocking players into the crowd, and doesn't learn from mistakes.  If I send one player into the crowd in round two, they should protect the sidelines more later on, but they don't.While I like that I get both Lizardmen and Wood Elves from launch (Thanks!), games online are getting very repetitve very quickly.  You have a 30% chance of running into an Elf team (if everyone plays all teams equally), and then Skaven are really run-ny fast too.  And then you have a handful of bash teams (Chaos, Dwarf) with some middle of the road teams to finish.  There's very little diversity.One of the great things about real Blood Bowl, playing on a webiste like Fumbll, or playing in the first BB game from Cyanide is that you can play against enough teams that you never get bored.  You can run into Halflings and Goblins, Undead and Norse, Ogres and Vampires.  The choices for which teams made the cut staggers me a bit.  Why are all three 3 core Elves (only the Pro Elf team is missing) added when not one Undead team is included?  The only good thing here is the new Bretonian Team.And with games getting very redundant, and with options to head to AI  also so, and with a campaign that was a joke, I simply cannot, in good conscious, recommend this game.Everything that's wrong is fixable.  More teams, fix the campaign or add a real campaign, and such.  But until that happens, Blood Bowl II just can't punch high enough to overcome it's challenges."
76561198068518589,Recommended,236690,23148334,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Trevidian,"I although I am a bit biased in how I absolutely hated the original Blood Bowl video game, I feel that this version clings a lot more to the source material, (board game), and I can't put in words how addicted to this game I have become."
,Recommended,236690,24310765,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Man,If you like a game that you have to consider carefully what you have to do then this is probably for you. Yes RNG can screw you over but thats apart of the game and a good player will know how to mitigate the chances of bad RNG. If you get easily frustrated due to hasty actions this game probably isnt for you.
,Recommended,236690,18197692,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,dbacher,"While as with many other people, I would recommend waiting to buy the game if you don't really like Blood Bowl already, the game itself is good.The campaign mode is an extended tutorial.  It is annoying.  It is frustrating.  The disabled rules don't take into account everything that can actually happen during matches based on existing, unlocked features, and so you can end up in situations where UI that should be available isn't.  Specifically have received reroll requests that couldn't be skipped in early parts.I recommend waiting on buying this.At $20 to $25, I'd be saying buy this now -- but there will be DLC, the base price will drop, there will be a DLC roll up, and then you can get the game and the rollup for half where the game is right now, most likely, in a year or so.I'm not saying ""$45 is too much"" necessarily.But I think a lower price tier -- which it'll settle at after a few months, anyway -- from the get go might actually earn you more (similarly a ""season pass"" for the DLC, and you know what -- at least a 2 pack and probably a 4 pack as well...  If thiere was a 4 pack listed, I likely would have done that)If you're new to Blood Bowl, you'll get a deeper introduction using either Dungeon Bowl or the previous Blood Bowl game.That having been said -- if you like Blood Bowl and don't own the previous one, you really can't go wrong with this.  If you like to play Blood Bowl, the UI and execution on this one is much better than the previous one.Note:If you create a multiplayer game,And you list it on Steam,You have to be absolutely insane not to have a bundle with multiple copies"
76561198005548540,Recommended,236690,18186889,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Thurgret,"Excellent game - while the Blood Bowl rules are a given, and well-described elsewhere, this game really shines in terms of presentation. Well-designed UI, great art style, good sound design - the commentary is, by and large, entertaining and keeps things light-hearted."
,Recommended,236690,18282653,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DaulPavid,"I love this game. However, the percentage chances of conducting moves don't seem to match up very well with their frequencies. It could be that the RNG gods hate my friend and I, though. Anyway, all that did was add to the troll factor of this awesome game."
76561198079488009,Not Recommended,236690,19896926,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Nero,"I came into this game expecting it to be a pretty fun strategy game. It is fun, but a majority of the game just feels like dumb luck. it doesn't really matter how you play, so long as you play competent. My biggest issue is how much of a big factor RNG is in this game. It makes and breaks everything. Sure you can control some of it, but the presence of it will determine whether or not you can even have hopes of winning a game."
76561198048342555,Not Recommended,236690,19757420,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Von Phoenix,"They Patch and many people cannot play and no dev responses on any fixes. Left totally in the dark, would not recommend getting, too much frustration."
76561198074701370,Recommended,236690,18254528,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Leaftwig,"I hate this game. I hate it, I hate it, I HATE IT!Freaking RNG fest. You will see yourself failing 83% rolls even with rerolls. While your opponent manages to run through three tackle zones and score a touchdown with a troll.I have never been so angry with a computer game before.But I keep coming back, hoping that the odds will be in my favor.They won't, but hope is the last thing that leaves the body.So if you like to have an exercise in patience and anger management, by all means buy this game."
76561198033703070,Not Recommended,236690,18465333,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,get new games,"Like frustration?  Want to go 10 games with double skulls?  Rolls are generated before the game starts, picks a winner.  But give it a shot and prove me wrong.  Waiting...."
76561198059814932,Recommended,236690,18474949,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Thril,No Halfling race! 0/8 IGN
76561198011029718,Not Recommended,236690,18462216,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Skyhigh,"Fix the stupid bugs.  Also, the AI takes forever to make it's move, so annoying.  Finally, allow us to turn off the annoying, repetitive commentators.  Cannot recommend."
76561198036452765,Recommended,236690,24565141,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ramzanacci,"I still enjoy playing this game, I'm someone who never played the first game or the table top version. they are making more updates and more races. If you can get it on sale it's definently worth picking up."
76561198219175740,Recommended,236690,25191048,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rizzgubst,Blood bowl 2 is a faithful recreation of the orignal boardgame. This is a game about risk manegment as you bash your way past creative fantasy races to score touchdowns. If you are not a sports fan do not worry this game is actually kind of different from football in a lot of ways and thinking of it as a non football based game will help you because at heart this game is a fantasy game. On problem many people have with this game is that it adds teams as dlc. I understand this critisism but if you pick up the game now the next 2 teams will be free. The teams are well worth the money. You do not need to own a team to play against it so the game has variety being added to keep things fresh. Some teams play in a simmilar way so it is easy to tell whitch teams to pick up. One other big critisism with the game is the diffuculty of learning it. The learning curve is not to bad but it will take practise to get the game down. This game has an incredibly high skill ceiling so you can always improve. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,236690,22260122,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,cum,An excellent representation of a dice rolling simulator with some neat graphics!10/10 would roll double defender down again
76561198018555215,Recommended,236690,24986603,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,magiusofnz,"Own both Blood Bowl & Blood Bowl 2. Gameplay mechanics are pretty much the same (funny that since it adheres to the great table top game pretty faithfully).Find myself playing a lot of BB2. Yes it does not have the same number of teams as BB Chaos Edition, but it's a good game with reasonable interface to create Leagues etc.IF you're into turn based tactical games, you'll like Blood Bowl, esp Multiplayer."
76561197983520619,Not Recommended,236690,21666969,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,spiderfingers,"Jesus Christ, what a mess of an user interface. Another failed attempt to produce a game for console and pc, thinking pc users wont notice the obvious focus on forcing to play via controller. And even with a controller the ui sucks really bad.Anyway the people responsible for messing with controls, menus, button etc. should be ashamed.I played Blood Bowl before and loved it. This is a rip off."
76561198003590460,Not Recommended,236690,21669306,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MurderFist,Just buy BB1: Chaos Edition
76561197966975615,Recommended,236690,25346295,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,gugusfurz,"Pure dice game. You will get screwed by luck time after time. Its frustrating and demoralising in every aspect. But it has its funny moments. Like if you win your match 3-0 and realise it was your last one because half of your team is injured, or dead, and you cant afford to hire new players... Ok, Maby thats not so funny. Maybe more like; if you loose the match because your player fails to pickup the ball right beneath his feet 3 times in a row... meh... you know, the game has its great moments. Especially if you play it with a friend. But only if you like to see your friends suffer in pain and agony...10/10 if you love your life and wish to hate it."
76561197960533637,Not Recommended,236690,21240151,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,gato_callejero,"Huge let down.  I've played the first Blood Bowl 324 hours, and I loved it.  It had a few bugs, but it was great.  This new version is a disappointment, but it does have good things: it's nice looking and has awesome slow motion views of the hits.  That's it.And now the bad things.  The user interface (generally speaking) is terrible: in many cases, you can´t tell some positionals apart (eg. dark elf linemen, blitzers, runners) and it's really annoying clicking through all your players to find the one you're looking for...  Then, when you are getting hit, you sometimes don`t know which player it is, making the use of your ability Stand Firm, for example, a game of guessing if you want to use it or not.  And it's terribly annoying to have to put you mouse cursor over every ability icon on the player's stat card to know what abilities he has (why not have it be text like in BB1?).Also when playing, you don't have the sound cues you had in BB1 to know when it's your turn.  It's easy to not realize, the opposing player has finished his turn and the timer is running against you...For some strange reason, you can no longer see your team's stats (or your's as a coach).  You can only see games won.Also, for some strange reason, the rules aren't the same as in the first game (or the tabletop game): human catchers don't have the same stats, you don't have to declare a pass at the begining of the players action, etc.And then: 7€ per race?! Come on...Oh, and I'm Spanish but had to change the language to English; the translation is terrible."
,Recommended,236690,25015238,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Curvol☂,i really like Blood Bowli really hate whiney ♥♥♥♥♥es.let me kill you online and I'll show you how the ♥♥♥♥ dice work.
,Not Recommended,236690,25626736,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Goblinoid,"It's blood bowl all right. The rules are there, and it has the fun of the board game but not much added.The commentators start to feel repetitive and not really funny after a while.Graphics are ok, but not great at least on my rig. They seem to be quite heavy though.The single player is quite barren. You can choose from a number of league types, but there is just aseries of games, not even ranking boards. Then the league just ends, no demo no trophy, just a text ""you've won"".The AI is not very good, all teams seem to just hold to the ball and they never make passes, only running touchdowns.Even an elven team will not attempt a pass, even if there would be a player free to score on the same turn.There are not too many animations, just one or two attacks per player type but no injury animations.When I played against lizardmen and they could not stop a player that was one move away from touchdown, the AI froze.Even when their time ran out their turn would not end, and I was forced to quit.Although I like Blood Bowl, I would not recommend this game for full price. It is simply too unfinished, although I enjoyed it. I have not tested the multiplayer, it might be more fun against a live opponent."
76561198107918535,Recommended,236690,18173233,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,👌Samboyo👌,It's the same great Blood Bowl but with some quirky new features
,Recommended,236690,18170946,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Danjio,I love it so far and is in any way better than Blood Bowl 1 !
76561198081014605,Recommended,236690,18173640,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Barrix,This game makes me so ♥♥♥♥ing salty but i love it the amount of times ive mis-played/♥♥♥♥ed-up is aboslutely halarious but anyway 9/11
76561198058363469,Recommended,236690,18171091,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Blood God,"A lot better than origional blood bowl, vey enjoyable game just need to find the time to play it"
76561198007443097,Recommended,236690,18177627,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,illerkiller,Might be hard for new players but if you are willing to learn its a great game.
76561198016682519,Recommended,236690,18174363,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,leonach2,"Great game for players new to Blood Bowl, and also for those experienced coaches that want a better multiplayer experience. The multiplayer UI and HUD are much improved over Blood Bowl 1. New players will find the game very easy to start playing right away as the HUD gives excellent information on your percentage for completing various movements and plays.Still a few bugs in the game, but those will probably be worked out soon.Overall, a great game!"
76561198003430086,Recommended,236690,18232710,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Zourin,"A meticulously crafted and age tested game where 22 virtually incompetent special-needs adults of varying lineage andbarely enoughINSUFFICIENTmental capacity and manual dexterity to operate a stairway in a downward direction, proceed to engage in fisticuffs over a bar of soap coated with lubricant.PICKING UP a ball is a feat that only the best and most capable specialists with extensive practice and training can accomplish. Half the time, or less even. Catching it is reserved for only the most elite members, assuming they survive that long with both arms.Turn-based Warhammer meets rugby under the worst interpretation of American football since European football, be prepared for better-than-homeless-wars combat while throwing thousands of little dice to determine how your various bands of inadequacy fare against others online.Or play single player, but what's the fun in that?"
76561198211822063,Recommended,236690,18169504,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DadsPlank,"Love this game, can't get enough of it! Much better looking and intuitive than the first game and with every release of tweaks and new teams it's just going to get better.There's a lot of negative reviews about how this isn't as complete as the Chaos edition which it isn't, but it is a lot better looking and a lot more immersive as a result and it's only just been released. Considering the amount of time required to build up a good team, 8 quality teams is plenty to keep you occupied until each new one is released at which point there'll be a fresh team to experience and a new reason to start a team from scratch again!I highly recommend this game"
76561197960344344,Recommended,236690,18172118,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,coltos,"My favorite tabletop game ever. I have felt that the first one was lacking, but this one looks really promising after a few hours of playtime. Thumbs up for Cyanide Studios!"
,Recommended,236690,18190749,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Anomandir,Blood Bowl 2 is a great game with lots of potential.  The random dice rolls  will cause extreme rage.   You have been warned.
,Recommended,236690,18296505,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,"1st off i love warhammer, i play the table top, the video games, and read the books so im slighly bias.BUT OFF THE TO REVIEW!I was completely new to the blood bowl, and i heard it had a steep learning curve, so before i bought it i watched some gameplay vids to get an idea of the tactics. When i got the game i was shocked by how well the tutorial campaign is. They introduces you to the game bit by bit. 1st level there is no rolls, 2nd there are rolls but no turn overs, 3rd there are turn overs, 4th gives u all features but no injuries, etc. they gradually introduce u so its not all thrown at u at once. now once u  u get to the 5th level the campaign sucks because its no longer winning, its dumb objectives like, cripple 5 enemy players.....well that becomes a game of chance with dice rolls. BUT the game isnt about the capaign is about online.Online is great, make your team, customize it (i would like more customizing features please), hire players and staff, etc. If a player dies hes gone for good, injured players can be out for a few games....it feels like running a real team. ITs also super smooth and all the teams strengths and weaknesses are clearly displayed.over all i say its a good game but matches take at least an hour, so be prepared."
76561198028183636,Not Recommended,236690,18404828,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kassiate_rabbitslayer,"It a good game they have had alot of improvements but I would like to know what is up with the dbl overtime rules 'the pentalty kick' as they call it, it is just a shoot mode all decided by a RNG done in a cutscene with no explaination of how scoring works or anything else, or anyway to disable it so wtf!?"
76561198008095021,Not Recommended,236690,18315394,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,willwisbey,"Bloodbowl original was so playable. Opponent's turns were able to be speeded up and was full screen. This is great on graphics, but too slow. The fights are great the first time you see them... the fortieth time they wear very thin. Given the choice of playing this or the original I am going back to the original. One good thing, the AI seems better. Put this AI in the original game and you have something worth spending money on,"
,Not Recommended,236690,18403743,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Professor Freaksworth,"I was fine with over paying for what is essentially a HD remake of a game. I was fine with having less features. I was even fine paying for launch and later ""DLC"" which apparently is just teams that were in the base verion of the last game, because it had less of the bugs that was in the last game.But now, after working for two weeks, the game has crashed every multiplayer game I have attempted, which is an automatic conceed. I would rather have the bugs from the first version. At least that way I would be able to try and finish it with the disadvantages. I want to ask for a refund, and possibly rebuy it when they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, but apparently that time has past for me.Stick to the first version and don't buy this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥relaunch attempt until they fix it and put the rest of the teams in."
76561198032050730,Not Recommended,236690,18694614,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,jorgerrf,"How would you feel if Cyanide said ""We're going to make the graphics in BB1 cooler...   but, we are going to take away half of the races and re-sell them to you as DLC, we are going to add bugs that we had taken care of years ago, we are going to also take players statistics and armour improvements away, we are also ditching the solo campaign and swapping it for a boring campaign targeted at new players that have never player the game and we are also going to start tinkering with the rules of the game...   Finally, we are going to charge you 45€ for all that""Well, in a nutshell that is what Blood Bowl II is: It has nicer graphics than its predecessor and...  that's all that's better. Other things are just as broken, and some are broken again after having been corrected by patches in BB1.Cyanide has remade the game in a new engine to be able to port it to XBOX and PS4, good for them, they've also made a better campaign/tutorial for new players, good for them. In exchange they have delivered a half finished product that has considerably alienated their former fanbase.I still have high hopes for this game, eventually Cyanide will have time to patch everything that is broken and to add the missing races and the missing playing modes, but as of now, they don't really deserve our money and I wish I had not bought it and stayed with BB1 at least until the price goes down and some more patches come out.buy at your own peril."
76561198026788318,Not Recommended,236690,18292595,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bloodcurse,"So far I can say this game has been horrendous crashing, not starting, worse than BB chaos edition if you have that dont bother with this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with only 10 teams to pick from and only boasting better better graphics i can quite safely say what a waste of money!"
76561198085424250,Recommended,236690,18188285,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,paliopliosaur,YOU NEED A PC THAT ISN'T A POTATO MINE IS AND I CANT PLAY IT IT HAS SO MUCH LAG EVEN IN THE MENU
76561198061291010,Recommended,236690,18205504,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,A Narwhal Spy,"As a big fan of the original Blood Bowl game I must say that this game really does it justice. It's a major improvement over the first steam game due to how seamless everything feels and the overall beauty of it. Though the game play may seem fickle to some due to the dice mechanic, its just the way the game is meant to feel! I've always had problems with rolling 2 one's in a row while going for a touch down at a criticial moment, and I wouldn't want it any other way."
76561197982983235,Recommended,236690,18205995,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,barra,"This game is a great break from 40k and other games. It's a simple and fun turn based sports game with fantasy Warhammer thrown in. The mechanics are simple, the graphics are good, commentary is humorous, and combines sports and fantasy! Great game."
,Recommended,236690,34742000,Posted: 4 September,all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"One of the most turn based challenging games ever.So hard even on easy that you think the AI cheats just to make you mentally ILL.Its amazing I have not punched my monitor any harder.If you can get over the AI cheating with rolls, stages bs from the makers in Campaign mode, and people putting out videos of the pro actins as they have cheats enabled, well come on and play.The graphics are great, our equipment will be below, at about 75fps.Comdey writing is great but after about 20 hours is repetative.Come get frusterated and age in real life with us.Our gear/package (Its huge)Running at 61-63 FPSNVidea GTX 960Intel I-7Samsung MonitorDDR3 12GBDiscalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Recommended,236690,18205828,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AOL Instant Messenger,"A few issues with the game: No backlog of Dice Rolls.A few skills are bugged.The interface is more clean, but less info-at-a-glance than BB1.Small choice in races.That being said, the game plays beautifully, and all the enhanced online features are nice. I'd recommend it when it goes on sale if the race choices aren't appealing to you. That way future race DLC will take less out of your wallet."
,Recommended,236690,18264196,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,PowerUpKnight,"Is a good game however if your like the most BB: Chaos Edition players at the moment you will problely find it not accepteble that there only 8 race to start with, if you can manage that, well then am sure your going to enjoy this game.However the rerolls sometimes feels like using it as if a player had loner too often, and sometimes forget to tell you that you have a to dodge then moving a player.It a pretty soild game with a fair price tag."
76561197993157532,Recommended,236690,18301529,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ashes,I cant stop playing!
76561197989602708,Recommended,236690,19077441,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,fenris_the_great1,Pretty graphics and solid gameplay.
76561197992380087,Not Recommended,236690,21040695,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Shiitake Mushrooms,"First one was perfect, second one needs some work. Namely a grid overlay, visable tackle zones, better camera controls. All things that the first one had. Save your money until they fix this one, or buy BB1. You'll be happier."
76561198143455422,Recommended,236690,19791017,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thin and Chronic,dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198117133522,Not Recommended,236690,19892638,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kS Lucky,"could not get the game to launch. constant crashing and errors. even tried uninstalling the game, and reinstalling. computer meets requirements. just aweful experience trying to get it to work and launch"
76561197963714868,Recommended,236690,28653237,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",this game is great.
,Recommended,236690,18206099,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Redmcdevil,"Definitely still is as good as was its predecessor.For new:Realize that one day you will die. Until then, you're worthless. :) (Yep yours beloved pupil will die)You are not a unique snowflake. (achieving a decent level takes a lot of time, but a lot of fun to. If you are p...y and quickly irritate and discouraged, look for something else)And your destiny rules by the god nufle. (dice do not cheat and not against you, they are against all of us :)For moaning veterans:Within a year, all transfer to bb2. And some dinosaurs die out. ;)drawback for me:More customizacion and eye candys would be pleasantly seen. It may change, as there is no official info yet.See you on threshing floors on Blood Bowl"
,Recommended,236690,18204253,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mook,It is a good game but it is has a steep learning curve
,Recommended,236690,18211795,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Irf,"New to blood bowl, looks like it'll be a good competitive/strategy game while still mixing in comedy and a luck factor !"
76561197993432458,Recommended,236690,18203504,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mattminus,"I've been playing BB since the tabletop game, and this is an almost perfect translation (and the imperfections will only be noticed by the very hardcore). The graphics and UI are much improved from Chaos Edition, and that alone made the purchase worthwhile for me.As long as you understand that this is a turnbased tactical game, and in no way an action game, it's a can't miss 9/10."
76561198006709192,Recommended,236690,18698197,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SHIELDBITER,"If your a fan of Blood Bolw the tabletop game or enjoyed the original Blood Bowl computer game then this is definitely for you. With smoother play, better graphics and just a better gamer experience I have loved every minute of play."
76561198127472226,Recommended,236690,18231271,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sodium Hypochlorite,The game is very fun but the animations are always the same.
,Recommended,236690,18247459,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JoeyIronHammer ⚒,"7/10 - Good game, but could (and should) have been even better.Visually, the game is stunning.  The models and animations are superbly crafted, the indicators for tackle zones and movement allowances looks far more appealing than in Blood Bowl 1, and it's generally very clear to see what's happening on the pitch.The game itself is a lot of fun.  There's a good amount of depth in strategy and tactics, and the variety in the available races makes every game feel different, yet still familiar.  The tutorial is a decent enough way to learn the basics of the game, and if you name your players then you have a real emotional connection to them, whether they're killing the opposing team's Big Guy or failing to pick up the ball for the third time in a row.  It makes the whole thing just that little bit more personal.But it also has its problems.  When it comes to graphics choices, with the exception being able to turn off grass and/or spectators for fps gains, you are limited to a selection from 'low' to 'very high', with no explanation given to what these mean.  There's no way to know how detailed the shadows are, or how much antialiasing each setting uses.  For a modern PC game, this is sub-par at best.This lack of meaningful options also extends into other areas of the game.  Veterans of Blood Bowl will want to be able to choose which skills they activate manually and which kick in automatically, but no such option exists.  Simplicity is very much at the core of Cyanide's design ethos for Blood Bowl 2, even at the expense of expected functionality.The interface is very much designed for consoles, with lots of scrolling left to right instead of either up and down or using drop-down boxes.  This is most irritating when selecting saved formations.  You have to cycle through them one by one, and if you're too slow then you have to wait while your team reorganises itself on the pitch before you can select the next formation.  It's unnecessarily clunky and slow.Speaking of being unnecessarily slow, repositioning individual players before the game kicks off now requires you to wait until they run into position before you can select the next player to move.  This makes setting up a formation player-by-player take far longer than it needs to.  The display for showing how many dice you will roll against an opponent also requires a short hover time now, instead of popping up immediately.  Again, it's not gamebreaking but it gets irritating.Finally, control of the camera is often taken away from you on your opponent's turn.  Cyanide have decided that your opponent's players will take centre stage, whether you want them to or not.  It doesn't matter whether you can already see them well enough, or if you would rather look at another area of the pitch to plan your next move.  No.  Bad you.  Little Scruffy moving 3 squares is far more important than that.  Look at him.  NOW!I'm also experiencing a lot of crashes, though I will note that I seem to be very much in the minority on that issue.  But even having followed the advice of uninstalling and reinstalling graphics card drivers, turning off all possible programs, and even reinstalling the game itself, I still get dumped out of the client on a regular basis.But despite all this, I still have a lot of fun with the game.  I would definitely recommend it to people who want to get into Blood Bowl.  Veterans, however, may find that the differences between BB2 and BB1 are sufficient to play the older game, particularly with the reduced team roster (currently 10 teams available)."
,Recommended,236690,18191595,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Patron1972,"It's a lot of fun and there are quite a lot of graphical improvements from BB1. The UI is also much improved. There are still mising features that I hope get into the game. I'd like to see more customization for your units beyond just the heads (although, the customization available is improved and variable; it just needs more). I also hope there are changes to the aging mechanics for Solo play. It hasn't had an effect on my game so far, but I'm concerned later down the road it will hamper my fun.Overall, it's great and worth a buy if you liked the original or like turn-based strategic games."
76561198021635882,Recommended,236690,18229690,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,WSxRyden,"It's the same Blood Bowl as ever.  Just now it looks better.  This Version however begs to be played Multiplayer.  With the Leagues, its super easy.  If you've never played Blood Bowl before then you should know one thing above all else: Not for the faint of heart.  You WILL lose games AND your players will get KILLED.  Like gone, baby.  Its running on a treadmill and trying to make it forward faster than its pushing you back.  Also with a new Campaign there is an easy route for new players to learn the ropes without getting their teeth kicked in repeatedly.  So get out there and get bloody.  Good Luck."
76561198005920534,Recommended,236690,18218278,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ghostly909,This game is driving me mad.In singleplayer your players like screwing up over the easiest moves but the computer is faultless.I should click not recommend as its sooo tough....
76561198017587070,Recommended,236690,18239998,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,dwarfgobbler,"After some helpfull folks pointed out where to find the solo league (Not like in the original but burried in what looks like multiplayer) I am playing away solo and it is OK.I like the aminated upgrades but do not like a lot of things.Issues.1. it would be nice to have the go faster button for the AI2. Selecting/deselecting players is sometimes hard.3. You need a good size monitor to see the skills on the cards, their graphics are not great. (I guess you will get better at recognising them. However the selected player jumps if you are examining it when the game moves on. I dont like that. If I am reading a players card it should stay put.Overall it is OK I guess we will give the folks a few euro to keep a good game goingHovever you did not polish it.A bare minimum thumbs up."
76561197993277074,Recommended,236690,18247233,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Asterix von TWC,"Be patient people, all the pieces are falling into place for this small development house, that has a knack for nice details and excellent atmosphere building.For those of us who have been patient through lengthy release delays to a 95% finished produce I can tell you these facts:1) FOR the vast majority of us, this is a far more stable and enjoyable platform than BB1 which was excellent but technically flawed2) You get enough races at launch, really, since the whole experience is richer and deeper now (you can get more personal with your team and customize it) the launch kit is enough3) The UI is a brilliant improvement... and I mean both the in-game UI and the menus - if the test of a good UI is that you don't notice it until you find yourself charmed by esthetics, then this one passess brilliantly4) All the races have been a bit tweaked, the game seems better balanced now... I have had basically 9 our of 10 (I have played around 20 so far) fantastically fun games with people from the US, Europe, New Zealand and South Korea.... only a couple of disatisfied wining dolts as in in multiplayer community have been unpleasant, but even that is handled well by Cyanide5) Connection and stability is MUCH better to BB16) THIS game is an ultimate strategy game with heavy reliance on dice! But the dice require a strategy of their own since they have a massive impact... the beauty of Blood Bowl is that nothing is certain, not even that 100% sure touchdown, where you are almost there.If you are an intelligent, patient, strategy game player who wants to be massively entertained do not hesitate to pay out for this not-overpriced release (the engine makes i worthwile in my opinion)"
,Recommended,236690,18861576,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Frozen Spookscelot,"A reminder that this game is turned based, not real time and can be brutal when you first start without practice but I still reccomend this game regardless. Dont let how the game plays discourage you from picking it up and trying it out though as the game can be fun, hilarious and anger inducing especially with how the percenatges can work!It takes alot of getting used to regarding playstyles, rules and of course the classic RNG moments but this is a great game to play online with randoms and friends! All that you might need is a good enough PC to run the game but even on low quality the game is fine as I'm more interested in the gameplay itself! Pick up this game if you havent, get training, take your skills onto the bloodbowl pitch and lead your team to victory!BLOOD BOWL 2 !!!"
76561198003428109,Recommended,236690,18256474,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,True Sucka Punch,this game knows how to make a grown man cry
76561198007453045,Recommended,236690,18257772,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,JustLegato,"Good game, however matches take quite a long time. Be prepared to block off 1-2 hours atleast for a multiplayer match."
,Recommended,236690,25985822,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,DonCarlos,"If you would like death violence to compensate for the dull and mindless human ""violence"" of American Football, then Blood Bowl satiates your desires."
,Recommended,236690,18867479,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Diamond Joe Biden,"Great game, excellent strategy and visuals and the devs are sure to add more races as the game comes into its own. Single player can get a bit boring once you figure out the AI, but multiplayer shines."
76561198033055429,Recommended,236690,18866217,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Krunk,A work in progress but will be good once updated which i pray they do
76561198094301834,Recommended,236690,24001249,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tacovendor,blood bowl is like madden except u play with fantasy races.  If u dont feel like playing football u could just try to kill the other team i mean its a legal strategy.  Its also very satisfying to kill a player on the opponent's team or multiple players for that matter.  I would not recommend playing with loved ones tho as it did end up getting me hit in real life for killing one of her players.
76561197978970763,Not Recommended,236690,24519136,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ViciousKoala,Only bashy chaos players.
,Recommended,236690,35253336,Posted: 27 September,all,Officer Friendly,One of the players on my team took a knee during the National Anthem and nobody freak out about it. 10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,236690,33104119,Posted: 1 July,all,Mechavomit,"Right now, the game is unplayable for me. I know many people don't have this issue, and that's great. Really. I'm pleased for them.For me, the game takes two or three minutes to even open to menus, and then those menus are laggy and can crash the game.In the actual game, gameplay mostly goes smoothly. However, there are times when the player has to make timed choices, and during those times the game freezes again. And the timing for those choices expires. Thus, I can't make rerolls. So the game is unplayable.I can't give a blanket recommendation for the game. See if you can try it out on your box, because some people have this problem and some don't.I'll gladly chage this review if there's ever a fix."
,Recommended,236690,29233932,Posted: 13 January,all,DragnonHD,I love this game so much. Great DLC and bug fixes 2 thumbs up!
,Recommended,236690,29021970,Posted: 4 January,all,Frylock,This game is an abosolute blast. i do wish there were more teams available by default i will probally pick up the dlc teams on a deep discounti actually bought the board game but have yet to play it
,Recommended,236690,31790922,Posted: 16 May,all,Redheaded Ruffian,"Dont listen to the bad review RNJesus(Nuffle) made them salty. It might seem unfair, but if you were the cpu some of the things you do will feel unfair."
76561198075959439,Recommended,236690,18543602,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,theonlyj5y,awesome concept for a game
76561198130727746,Recommended,236690,18557225,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,StolenSpork,"Without ever playing the table top game, it feels like a board game.  The dice rolls make nothing a sure thing, but the rules and abilities give it depth.  Organized Chaos is a good way to decribe it, injuries and perma death make every hit, and risky move, that much more thrilling."
76561198039732455,Recommended,236690,18528225,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pseudokun,"I wouldn't normally go out of my way to review a game but DAMN do I love Blood Bowl II.I have never played the original BB or the boardgame so may not be qualified to comment on its ""authentisity"" but for what it is. it is a solid experence.P.S My play time is incorrect, playing as a guest apprently doesn't aggrigate your play time. I would estimate a modest 10 hours so far."
,Recommended,236690,18510994,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,JoBe,My ogre got killed on by a skink10/10 would curse nuffle again
76561198035776269,Recommended,236690,18496243,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Uttergerth000 Communist,"Once again the game known as Blood Bowl didn't cease to surprise me. Now this game is of course better looking and has the same amount of luck needed. You want to run after the ball roll a one and die? no? happend to me. What i am saying basically adds up to this, This game with another race or two would be 9/10 since the race variety i find a bit small but knowing the devs sure they will add more soon. So support the devs and yourself and buy the game its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing fun."
76561197970699470,Recommended,236690,18555941,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Saurbaum,I definately enjoy this game.  I would definately like a few more teams and a bit more polish on the tournaments but for now it's still Blood Bowl just a bit prettier.
,Recommended,236690,18536102,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ferc Polo,"It's Blood Bowl with better graphics and more teams.  Don't whine and complain, bad things will happen to you.Praise Nuffle."
,Not Recommended,236690,33696478,Posted: 21 July,all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"So. much. ♥♥♥♥ing. DLC.Its disgusting.Don't get this game, unless you're willing to spend a lot more money on separate races through DLC. $10 for this game right now might be worth the money, but it's also not worth it when you realise you need to spend another $25-30 on all DLC and a $20 for the new expansion if you want access to everything. And yes I'm aware of the whole 'entitlement to free stuff' argument, but truth is Blood Bowl 2 without any DLC has such slim pickings in content, you'll run a risk of getting bored really REALLY soon. (However enjoyable the core game is, because it's not a bad game) I also strongly disagree with the upcoming Legendary Edition, because it assumes owners of the game are fine with getting ripped off essentially. Last but not least, for anyone claiming people now get a choice of what to pay for in terms of races; you're dead wrong, because how would one find out whether or not a race suits their play style? Right, through buying it.As long as games like this do not offer a changing roster of races we get to at least try for free occasionally, I really strongly disapprove of so much DLC. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business. Also, how about rewarding early adopters? I'm not going to buy the legendary edition just to have instant access to all races I'm still missing."
,Not Recommended,236690,18169197,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zach,"I really wanted this to be an improvement to the first game(s), but so far, only the graphics have improved. The AI and player customisation are actually worse.8 races is not enough for a varied experience. I'm sure more teams will be added as DLC down the line, but releasing a game at full price and adding essential elements for more money is just not okay.Note: I have not had a look at multiplayer yet.General comments on the AI:- The AI still doesn't know what turn it is. It'll risk players Going For It to get closer to the End Zone in turn 8 or 16, even with no chance of scoring.- If the AI manages to pick up the ball in an opponent Tackle Zone, they'll stop moving. No atttempts to dodge out.- The AI will dodge out of the enemy ball carrier's TZ in order to make irrelevant blitzes or assists elsewhere.- The setup is randomised. Yes, really. The AI doesn't set up according to your setup, it just picks a random formation. Furthermore, setting up your players is a very slow and dull affair; you have to wait for each player to run to the designated spot, one at a time. There is no need for this whatsoever.- The AI really likes standing (or setting up) next to the sidelines. Jim and Bob are talking about why this is a really bad idea, but apparently, the AI programmers didn't listen to them. On that note, Jim and Bob look like they've been dubbed from another language; their mouth movements are just generic animations that go on while they're talking.- Even with the improved graphics, it's harder to tell the difference between the players. The only difference between players in the same position is the head. With identical helmets, this does very little to make them stand apart.I am very disappointed. :/"
76561198029096468,Not Recommended,236690,18147828,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Foreman,Missing a good portion of the teams from the first game. Just download chaos edition instead and save yourself the money.
76561198041396499,Not Recommended,236690,29306883,Posted: 16 January,all,Teakrat,"While the gameplay more or less copies the miniature game, Blood Bowl 2 is in many ways a step back from the first PC version of Blood Bowl. The graphics are better overall...but with surprisingly little diversity. The initial release had a very small number of teams, and even though they've added more since, all teams share the same human cheerleaders. There are a few stadium options, but still less than half as many as there are teams. The nature-loving wood elves would have to play in the fancy-schmancy high elf stadium. The Chaos beastmen could either play in a rat town or a dark elf shrine, neither of which fits thematically. There are too few head models to avoid duplication on one team. Turns take so long with moving players around that the game feels ill-suited for multi-player, but the options for a single-player vs. computer campaign are worse than the original Blood Bowl. ""Campaign mode"" is essentially just an extended tutorial. In general, the level of detail and immersion is about where regular American football video games were in the 1980s. On net, it's still sort of fun to play, but it's hard to shake the pervasive sense that it's not a finished product and the experience is unfulfilling because of it. Winning isn't as fun as it should be because at the end of the day it just feels like a miniatures game without the miniatures."
76561197993689203,Not Recommended,236690,31257900,Posted: 20 April,all,CousinReno,"If you liked that board game, this adaptation is great. I enjoy the graphisms, animation, atmosphere of the game. The rules are accurate, The frustration that many experience with the dice rolls is actually very similar to what you can experience with the original board game and I don't mind it.As a fan of the board game, I would rate this game 10/10.One could criticise the small amount of teams available and the DLCs prices.But the reason why I cannot recommend this game is that you cannot create your own multiplayer league and fill it with AI. That was the main reason I bought this game: to be able to play a full season with few friends with dozen of teams, watching our players evolve, get injured, etc. My friends and I own the board game. The idea of playing the pc version was to get to play a lot more matches. We dont want to play with other players because we want to be able to have our own rythm of match play. AI is great for this ! All the other football games nowadays propose that feature.And after owning this game for a year.... that's why I played so little on it. There's no point."
,Recommended,236690,18424494,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Your Nan's Life S u p p o r t,Went for GFI roll.Player slipped.Player gets injured and smashes hand.10/10 Would smash skinks hand again.
76561198029010112,Not Recommended,236690,33726216,Posted: 22 July,all,jmilne79,"What a missed opportunity!It's the same game as its predecessor except with the single-player functionality stripped out. If I'd bought this at full price I would have felt extremely ripped off.Don't buy this unless you are a huge fan of the board game, or a completist who just has to have the updated (but inferior) version."
76561197983196977,Not Recommended,236690,34793357,Posted: 7 September,all,Authority,"It's a good sequel, but unless you got friends who play and want to drop lots of cash on the other races it's not really worth it."
,Recommended,236690,18466852,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Meat Lord,"I regret buying this, as I have learned nuffle hates me with a ferocious passion and has gone to extreme lengths to pull a denial to my wishes out of his crusty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥He will go so far as to allow enemy teams to avoid turnovers where I would be slapped with one, just to screw meThe closest I have ever gotten to winning anything was a draw, and I took heavy casualties in doing soWhy he has chosen to lay his steamy hate-filled dookie on my face time and time again eludes me, and drives me to drink10/10♥♥♥♥ you nuffleI ♥♥♥♥ing hate you so muchYou ruin everything"
,Recommended,236690,18148328,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lolcouch,Don't play unless you sacrifice children to nuffle everynight
76561198070899330,Recommended,236690,18151872,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Meteor Bear,Awesome
76561198030554225,Recommended,236690,18148059,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ArgentumEmperio,"Blood Bowl 2... oh man, what a game it is and a wonderful one at that too!So what is it?Well it is the digital version of the Table Top game called Blood Bowl of American football set in a Warhammer fantasy setting where murder is appriciated.It is a very complex game so it can be a bit daunting at first glance but it is a hell'a'lot of fun and the UI and tooltips are clean and clear as to what each thing does even if it takes a bit of time to fully understand everything.Think of it as a strategy game where your opponent's most lethal weapon is you screwing things up - it is a risk management system relying on RNG to do most things; yes, just walking a bit too far (doing a so called 'Go for it' - going additional squares outside of one's own movement range) requires of you to roll a dice to see if your character dies or not and this is how you play the game for the most part - reduce risk as much as you can and prepare for worst case scenarios.Going onto the buisness model:Alot of people aren't going to like it but here's what has been done, Cyanide puts the standard game out for a set price and you get 8 races with that. After that instead of doing what they have done in the past to re-release the game again for the same price, they will sell the different races as DLC so you can handpick exactly the ones that you want (don't worry - as a new player you get all the races you need from the start to play a ball game, a punching game or a pretty standard well balanced team that can pack a bit of a punch and pass around the ball at the same time; YOU DO NOT NEED ANY ADDITIONAL RACES TO ENJOY THE GAME this is for when one is more experienced and wishes to dedicate more time and money to the game) for a reasonable price.Can I recommend the game? The game seems to be without any glaring bugs that made it darn difficult to enjoy Blood Bowl 1 Chaos and Legendary Edition, the UI is clear as a blue sunny day, the gameplay inputs feels responsive and direct (no excessive amount of clicking necessary as this games uses a mouse and keyboard in other words), excellent models and amazing graphics...I will say this much: this is a good time to be a Blood Bowl fan or someone who's interested in Blood Bowl as I can full heartedly say that this is an EXCELLENT digital version of Blood Bowl! If you like management games but just wished you could punch that annoying fellah' who makes it more annoying... welcome to Blood Bowl where the ball is a secondary objective (still required to score to win tho') and punching people to death is a fun and viable tactic!Get the game! xD"
76561198054634519,Recommended,236690,18147991,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pwinl3,"BLODD BLOWWW 2 !!!  10/10 ,when you realize THE RULE1. Everylasting ""NOT"" going to your plan when you roll a dice2. dont fall in love with your MVP/High Lvl player HE STILL DIE IN BLOOD BLOWW!!!!!!!and the last RULE3. ""JUST LAUGH AND BLOW THEIR FACE"" LoL"
,Recommended,236690,18147256,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,DmgOvrTym,"This game is so fun. It is a growing game at the moment and has a few slight bugs and tweeks that as im writing this they are fixing, but other than that this game is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time.8/10 Would give 9 or even a prefect score if everything was prestine."
76561198016878038,Recommended,236690,18164664,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,An Octopus,It's a cleaned-up version of the original.
,Recommended,236690,18159991,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rogue Scientist,It's Blood Bowl!  It looks beautiful!  The commenters don't repeat the same long stories every single match!  What more do you want?
,Recommended,236690,18230219,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[MoS] Naelok,"If you play this game, know that you will come to know despair.Blood Bowl is basically Football except with violence and murder (plus Orks and Elves and♥♥♥♥♥♥. You make a team of 11 players (giving them all unique names) and fight against other people. You knock over enemy players, you grab the ball, pass the ball and hopefully score and win. After the game, you get skill points for your players and level them up.But here's the thing: When your players get tackled or hit or just generally ♥♥♥♥ up, they have a chance of getting an injury or dying. This injury or death is permenant. You may go into a game with 13 players and come out with 10. Or 9. Or 8. An injury might cause your star player might come out with a permenant unremovable stat point loss. And this handicap will persist FOREVER.And the best part? If the dice and RNG are against you, there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. A tiny level 1 Goblin can kill a giant level 5 troll on the first turn if the dice are with it.Every Blood Bowl team is thus a ticking time bomb that's just one game away from being destroyed forever. My High Elf team is 13-2-3 and riding high, but I know very well that the day will come. The day when I roll double 1's on a block and use a reroll to get another set of double 1's. The day when one of my Blitzers will fail an 83% success rate dodge and immediately die. The day my most valuable player is killed by a Turn 16 spite foul by some bitter Russian I just swept 4-0. I know that it'll happen.Perhaps it's that thrill of going against certain doom that makes Blood Bowl a thrilling affair. But regardless, until that day comes, I'm enjoying the game quite a bit."
76561197969338736,Recommended,236690,18148498,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Narvask,"Great game.  The bonus of the tutorial on the campaign is a good move, it allows new players to get the hang of things.  Overall still tough as nails but with some thinking before moving it is so much fun."
76561198026661052,Recommended,236690,18156712,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Destroya1217,Really fun game. Some bugs on campaign though. The match against the Charioteers has the elves frozen when they are on offense.
76561198002469384,Recommended,236690,18162322,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cpt Befuddled,"While I would have liked to see Cyanide move a little further from the tabletop game (leveling up players happens to intermitantly and some will not get into situations to earn spp) and gear the game more for the computer.  The campaign is a big improvement providing a gentle intro and bit of flavour and i quickly got used to the new ui (though it took a little adjustment), I never played multiplayer on past versions but this time round i will at least be dipping a toe in the waters. Overall a good ""thinking"" game that encourages carefull thought while still providing plenty of nerve enducing moments. Top tip name your players invest in them and then agonise of every block/tackle and injury inflicting moment."
,Recommended,236690,18163458,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Dylan,Still Blood Bowl. Love it.
,Recommended,236690,18176450,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Emoge,"I never played the previous and I'm loving this.  I started with the 1 week early release so didn't have the campaign to teach me the game, so it was rough playing against other players.  Once release occurred the campaign would have been amazing to teach me the game (how to move, how to block, pass, score).I've played against the AI a bit and found it ok (defintiely nice since you can actually pause!) and a lot in NAF until I started hitting 2000 TV with a few teams.  Now I'm starting to try out leagues and I'm having a blast.  I'm in 2 leagues and it's amazing the different type of game.This game comes HIGHLY recommended by me."
,Not Recommended,236690,32403275,Posted: 13 June,all,LuckyJack,"I like Blood Bowl. I play in a league of people I met through Blood Bowl, and I've always genuinely enjoyed playing, even if I wasn't very good at first. I'd laugh off a good or bad play and generally roll with the punches.Blood Bowl 2, however, is different. It feels like the RNG is broken. It's always heavily stacked one way or the other, and it just isn't fun for me anymore. Overwhelming losses due to failing every go for it and chance taken, or watching the opponent do the same.... There's no competition. There's no fun in a stacked game, whether it's for you or the opponent. I am not having fun playing this any more, and for the how much I've paid for this game(full price and every dlc) I expect, at the bare minimum, to enjoy the game. I've played a season and a half in my league before leaving this review, so I've got a fair number of games to base this off of.For how much I've spent VS the fun I've had, I should've just bought the board game. At least there I can check to see if the dice are weighted."
,Recommended,236690,18159181,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,"Harambe, our lord and savior","Glorified dice simulator, with an interesting Warhammer/Sports theme. You either hate it or love it."
76561198075506514,Recommended,236690,22261680,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Casual Aryan,It's good.
76561198137060151,Recommended,236690,18149685,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,King_Moo_Moo,"I didn't get my Lizardmen for the Beta buy? Other than that, it's very good."
76561198006756264,Recommended,236690,19529211,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"All in all it's a great game.Cons:- fixed camera is terrible- no distinctive cheerleaders for different races (All races got this redhead dancing chicks - uncool. Where are the Orc drummers and Dwarf beer-kegs?)- all stadiums have default human supporters on stands (it's really lazy design)- dice rolls can push your self-control to the limits (RNG saying you won't win this match because f*** you, that's why)Pros:- Jim & Bob- single player campaign - it's well written and interesting (even as a Dwarf/Orc player I enjoyed it a lot)- superb graphics and takedown animations (really, it looks so good)- lots of people playing leagues means you can get an online match in 10 seconds any time of day- it's a good ol' Blood Bowl"
76561198055717998,Not Recommended,236690,30219855,Posted: 27 February,all,MULI,"Game is awesome,but totaly unfair.."
,Not Recommended,236690,20386501,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Azrael,"This is nothing more than a reskin of Blood Bowl: Chaos edition.  Sure, the interface has improved *slightly*, but using skills can actually be more cumbersome.There are less teams, and any further teams that are going to be added are going to be DLC that you have to purchase.Worst of all is that the Random Number Generator is just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in this as it was in their previous 3 editions of Blood Bowl.  Unless you are rolling blocking dice, expect to fail about 30% to 40% of the rolls.Complete waste of money considering I already had the Chaos Edition.  Even worse was that I had to pay extra to play my favourite team:  Wood Elves.♥♥♥♥ Cyanide, I am done with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games."
,Recommended,236690,18432806,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Shotagonist,There once was an ugly ballgame. It was so ugly that everyone died. The End.10/10
76561198027719003,Recommended,236690,23322637,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Collin,Easily one of my favorite games
76561198008396953,Recommended,236690,25341035,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,christianvog,plus de 300 heures de jeux    il n y a rien d autre a direover 300 hours playing the game  nothing else to addmas de 300 horas jugando   genial
76561198040223715,Recommended,236690,18174285,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Biker With Assless Chaps,Decent game coming from the original BloodBowl and there are some minor flaws such as some UI. The game does have a better feel for new players just getting into the Bloodbowl scene. I do wish it was better for old school players to have a semi nostalgic of the original game. Alas I will admit the matchmaking in certain leagues is somewhat unfair but they do help if you have a severe disadvantage by increasing the amount of ingame currency you have to buy certain perks before the game starts. I do recommend this game for new players that want a easier transition into Bloodbowl mechanics but i would say be wary for players dying ;). Oh PS. be careful...Chaos...will kill your players c:
76561198026054393,Recommended,236690,18155383,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,mikesn,Good fun.
76561197970556812,Not Recommended,236690,20267788,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,XiDragon,"First off the worst, the game is heavily unbalanced!!! This is by my mind completely untoleratable for a game that focuses on competitive multiplayer. If this would be fixed I would recommend the game.Beside that the game is in some aspects an improvement to the first one but unfortunately not in all.Pro:- Much better UI- Much better GraphicsContra:- No more Classic Ruleset* just Blitz- No custom rulesets for your league or multiplayer games- Expensive additional Team-DLC's*The classic ruleset are the rules of the original board game by Games Workshop. The Blitz rulest is an advanced ruleset created by the computer game development team. Not everyone like these advanced rules becaus they think that they change the game too much!"
76561198073046948,Not Recommended,236690,33237302,Posted: 4 July,all,darkdisciple,would be an awesome game if there was people playing. ive found 1 oppnent in the last hour
76561198139083512,Recommended,236690,18994891,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DANK MAGICIAN,LOVE
76561198007305188,Recommended,236690,30661164,Posted: 21 March,all,Good Thyme,This game is pretty fun.
76561198048678197,Recommended,236690,18962440,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,soulblade128,"Fun game. 10/10 review, much wow."
,Recommended,236690,25162435,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Coinjock,"Overall I have been very happy with this edition.  The UI took a little getting used to, but it isn't bad at all.  I really have enjoyed the Brettonian team and the stadium upgrades.  As more and more teams are added I am sure we'll see the remaining Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition players coming over.  It still isn't hard to find an opponent when using the matchmaking system.  I logged a lot of hours in the last edition of digital Blood Bowl- and I will say it led to me taking up tabletop again.  I am very fortunate we have a host of local tournaments every year and I have met some amazing people.  Cyanide did a great job saving this game for me.  I basically honed my skills playing opponents online and was able to do very well when I went to play folks face to face."
,Recommended,236690,25290731,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,tarpshack,The campaign is a fun way for a new player to get introduced to the mechanics of Blood Bowl. The game is a lot of fun and the graphics are a giant improvement over the previous version of the game. I love how this digital version of Blood Bowl has the potential to attract new players to a great game.
,Recommended,236690,18324203,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,t w a n g,♥♥♥♥ING CHAOS KEEP KILLING MY ELVES
76561198004094660,Not Recommended,236690,34939479,Posted: 13 September,all,BadgerCaptain,"Too tedius to be fun, too long to play more than one match in a sitting. Not bingeable, just made me want to play the tabletop version, or anything else in my library!"
76561198059470158,Recommended,236690,30692586,Posted: 23 March,all,Nemanja91,nice
76561198012751313,Recommended,236690,28772537,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,New Mad Hatter,"Blood Bowl 2 brings the warhammer lore into a silly turn based sports/strategy management game that is surprisingly addictive. The graphics are beautiful, the game comes chock full lore just for the bloodbowl universe, and Bob and Jim the announcers are fun to listen to.The negative for me comes with the massive reliance on luck or dice rolls for this game. You will be surprised how often you can roll a 1 (for me the record is 21 consecutive rolls) and how devastating it can feel. Like the announcer Jim says ""they got the advantage, but there is no sure thing in Bloodbowl""The only other minor issue I had was the lack of customization involved. As this is a digital version of a Warhammer game I suppose I expected total customization on my characters colors as though I would paint them in real life. Unfortunately you have to choose from the colors they have avaiable, or buy some from the shop with actual money."
76561197987910195,Recommended,236690,29081567,Posted: 7 January,all,[kTc]LoOnyCal,Such a Fantastic Game..
76561198271909477,Recommended,236690,19983819,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,baconeater248,can some one add me and help me fix my game it wont load or anthing no error messege no anything it says running and then syncing and just quits i cant even see the screen so its not crasshing please help
76561198099408958,Recommended,236690,20801119,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,the WaLkiNg APOCAYLPSE,good game with friends♥♥♥♥ THE AI BROKEN MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING 200% TO PASS EVERYTHING ♥♥♥♥♥ES
76561198030720893,Not Recommended,236690,35052724,Posted: 18 September,all,Vuriche,"So this is a game I really, really wanted to like and the reasons for why I didn't was not readily apparent at first. I was looking forward to a game that had fast-paced, if turn-based tactics and a squad-building facet with perishable goons to cultivate and have annoyingly killed off when I least want them to.So, why only 5 hours played and already no desire to return? I think the answer is that a key element of my expectations were not met and it's one that I wasn't expecting to be so vital. This game is maddeningly, ploddingly slow. Each character's turn is bloated with animations and cut-scenes that means alot of your time is spent simply waiting for it to end. For some reason, there is no option to turn any animations off or streamline the turns in any way.My experience coming out of my sessions with the game was that I felt I had always spent too much time with the game and had received no real sense of fun or reward from the time spent. Obviously a fatal flaw for any game."
76561198030813303,Recommended,236690,18748288,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SpareTire,"Even it you've never played the boargame, this is worth a look.Pros: Easy to get into, turn-based strategy game.  The online leagues are lively.  Orcs.Cons: The dice may make you cry - if you dont like games where rolling snake-eyes on 2d6s means trouble, you may want to avoid this one.  No undead.[EDIT July 12th 2016]  I have to remove one of my earlier 'cons', the undead are coming!  The beta videos look great.  Can't wait to try them out.[EDIT September 5 2017] ...and all the rest of the teams have been added.  Along with eternal leagues and AI opponents to fill out MP leagues.  Sweetness!!"
,Recommended,236690,18754260,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Meatwings,Most fun I've had being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off frustrated.
,Recommended,236690,33679478,Posted: 20 July,all,ChrisOfClubs,"If you're a fan of turn based, sports or management games, you're going to love this. Let alone if you love the board game itself. Such a great representation of the real game, its crazy.10/10 - love it."
,Recommended,236690,25460330,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Limey21,"Got it on sale , very frustrating but i'll try to stick with it doe now."
76561197993668040,Recommended,236690,19463029,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Spiked-Wall Man,It's like XCom without guns.
,Recommended,236690,18159201,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DeFrank,dem orkz
76561198007072150,Recommended,236690,18148373,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kunztfehler,"I like the game, allthough a little more polish and some more details would have been nice (player names visible, more customization etc.) and how the hell do i unlock my Lizardmen preorder bonus ????"
76561198002392438,Recommended,236690,18148025,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,toygunsenler,Just an addicting game with a deep strategy level.10/10 for me.
76561198136456488,Recommended,236690,18151420,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Lizard King,"So i bought this game for the lizard people pre order and i cant play as them wtf!, any one know whats going on?"
76561198007260593,Recommended,236690,18163574,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MrBLUEsky2,Absolutely GOREgeous.
76561198009752654,Not Recommended,236690,19557369,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mr. NerdRage,"DO. NOT. BUY. THIS.I was interested in it from a few videos, saw it on sale and said hey why not? Ignored the mostly negative reviews I foolishly bought it anyway. and played over 2 hours. I hope you like neverending BS and bad RNG every single game.The playerbase is also tiny, so you'll be going up against the same OP chaos team multiple times. And if you want to play a team on chaos level that isn't chaos? Sorry the best teams like lizardmen and wood elves are behind a paywall! (Spoilers, everyone plays chaos/lizard/welves they are broken as hell!) At most if you think it looks cool, watch some videos.Game isn't worth a dime, and the devs seem intent on being as un-userfriendly as possible with day one DLC as well in in-game mico-transaction currency.Avoid, avoid, avoid! Do not waste your money on this trash!"
,Recommended,236690,18212551,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lensar,"Blood Bowl 2 is an amazing and very polished game. If you like turn-based strategy games with campaign modes that allow you to build up your team members, such as XCOM, you will love BB2.Your players earn xp by injuring other players or scoring touchdowns, allowing them to add skills when they level up. A real part of the magic is that each time a player levels, you roll dice to see which skill trees you're able to choose from. This results in many players having very unique and situationally powerful skills which allow you to employ and explore interesting and divirgent tactics on the play field.If you're turned off by sports games, don't let that dissuade you from BB2. At it's core, it's a tactical turn-based combat game with rich team and player progression.Random tips:- Be wary of reviews and review scores for BB2. A small group of die-hard Games Workshops fanboys were upset that the developer didn't make BB2 exactly the game they wanted. They're making a coordinated attempt to drive down the review scores of the game.- After 75+ hours, I've had no crashes, encountered no bugs, and had no other issues.- The interface is perfectly fine and I've had no trouble finding everything I need. (the registration button for leagues threw me off the first time, but once I realized I had to click on ""Registration"" it was fine)- BB2 is hard core. There are no save games. Players can and will get permanent injuries and can and will die. If they die, they're dead. It's refreshingly awesome.- The multiplayer online play is amazing. Join the official league (22k members currently) with a new team and you'll be matched with a random opponent. The games move fast, with a play timer that seems just about right.- Solo multiplayer is also great way to learn the game and start building up a team.- BB2 is a tough and challenging game. If you're having trouble, consider starting a Dwarf team.- The single-player campaign is meh. I'd recommend skipping it entirely unless you're into that sort of thing.The GW fanboy mudslinging campaign aside, BB2 is overall and amazing game and, in my opinion, a serious contender for game of the year."
76561198022563254,Recommended,236690,18150976,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kane2007,how do I claim my free race for pre order I still haven't seen where I can choose  lizedmen  or other race
76561198006951247,Not Recommended,236690,28911204,Posted: 1 January,all,fodder,no proper fullscreen mode. i have 4k desktop but game at 1080. it's unacceptable to force people to change their desktop resolution for 1 game or run game at 4k for no good reason.
,Not Recommended,236690,18312565,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Keuric,"Okay, so people will dislike this review because it's pretty negative.Games Workshop understands table top gaming. They know what goes into rules construction, game design, advancement methodology. But table top games don't always translate well to computer games when you make it literal.REMOVE THE SIX-SIDED DIE. It isn't accurate, it isn't honest, it isn't true, period, the end, so long, goodbye, we're done. There are too many interconnected pieces of design, too many items that need to be weighed for this to possibly be accurate. That die is weighted, with intention, in order to reflect the other character additions of opposing teams. So stop pretending some random shmuck is going to have a 1/6 chance to get a 6 and rough up an 1800 team rank. It's complete garbage. I played 8 games as various low-level teams, maxing at maybe 1050 or so. I played another 8 games in the 1400 or so rank, and well, I declare, my rolls dramatically changed. There was a teensy tweak of strategy, but that's about it.Remove the die. It makes people think they actually have a decent chance on plays they don't. Use a counter, a dial, something that goes to 100. That die is the most infuriating thing about this game - so infuriating, that yeah, I will give an awful review, because it acts as a carrot but is really just a big stick. Fix the die, remove the die, replace it with something that makes sense IN A COMPUTER GAME. This is a statistical game, make it some blue LED powered by Bloodweiser.I'll likely continue trying to get better at this game, though the learning curve is not crazy, because it can be fun. But like cake, the die is a lie.After this little deception is the artwork, which in general is great. But many times, too many times, due to the artwork meant to warn users of potential pitfalls (such as multiple dodge warnings) being opaque, they'll be hidden behind one another. You may be willing to risk an 83% dodge chance, but it's hiding a 17%. And that's when all the warnings actually appear. To say nothing of the dice rolls glitching and not displaying. This isn't a ""bad"" game, but it's definitely still a buggy one."
76561197976480438,Not Recommended,236690,18882800,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,vaughn.sandor,Your turns are timed even against the AI.
,Not Recommended,236690,24602258,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,LordDoom,"One of the worst games I ever did play. I would share more detail but suffice to say the graphics are average, the gameplay sucks really badly, the dice rolls are really not random whatever program they used seems to not work. I think it's another game that simply hopes die hard warhammer fans will play and put up with it's medicore gameplay and styling."
76561198029227032,Not Recommended,236690,24655944,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ghost Monkey,"i have BB 1 chaos for years and i love it, time for an upgrade i thought.....BB2, 60$ with dlcs. ok lets try.....________________________________________________________________________________SP:THERE IS NONE! its just an extended tutorielTEAMS:BB chaos have 23 teams....bb2 have 8 + 4 dlcs(at the moment, im sure they will sell you more)MP?i try to find a game for 30 min with a YOUTUBE TUTORIEL, because i  was thinking i did somthing wrong. no game!GRAPHICSare batter and i liked the tackle animation.SOUNDthe crowd is to loud, and you cant turn it down unless you turn down all the sound effectsTY STEAM for refunding my money, its the first game i refunded ever and im a BB fan. this game is a scam."
76561198158752635,Not Recommended,236690,24595445,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Suit,"Do not buy this game.The Pros - the physicality, animations, the feeling of luckThe Negatives - lack of customisation for players, there are balance changes that need to be made between the races and 3 huge negatives that destroy the game are the following:1. They have not made the game to prevent people from ""idling"" near YOUR end zone (where they can score) and as a result preventing you from starting again in the center (so you can attack), so the enemy can simply win by waiting  near the end zone and you never even get the chance to START with the ball.2. The team value number is so broken, that you can have 400 extra value simply because you have 3 extra skills and 1 extra player for your entire team, the result? the result is that you  are queued against new teams (team value 1000) and that gives them gold, enough gold for a star player or wizard, the result? You will lose unless you are extremely extremely extremely lucky with the dye for the ENTIRE GAME.3. If you lose the match, you usually get NO POINTS AT ALL FOR YOUR TEAM, NONE AT ALL, unless you injure someone. So you play for 1 entire hour, to lose and gain no points at all. Fix this atrocity.DO you still really believe that the gold part is fair? Check out the undead race - you can have 2 mummys (each has 5 stre) and ramfut (has 5 or 6 stre with 4 or 5 movement allowance) - Not overpowered enough?Do not buy this game till the above 3 things are resolved. Pss. I don't think that they will ever be resolved."
76561197991702570,Not Recommended,236690,22315981,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,between 2 and 32,"Bought it January, never managed to get it past the loading screens.I'm running a brand new PC with up to date drivers.Focus support is hopeless; their turnaround time for a reply to technical support queries is about one to two weeks.  I think it's borderline fraudulent to relaese a game that simply doesn't work, TBH."
,Recommended,236690,20395198,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TZA ☭☭☭☭,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 GOOD♥♥♥♥♥♥👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 mMMMMᎷМ💯
,Not Recommended,236690,20478677,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SAAzuth0667,This game is not friendly to newbies and the matchmaker is so messed up you will be constantly paired against people considerably better than you.
,Recommended,236690,34276789,Posted: 16 August,all,Raxyael,"I recomend this game only because it's blood bowl, but there are some issues that could ruin the experience of the game.First of all there's no full screen, and that bothers me a lot.2nd the ""full controller support"" is not so full. You can just play with the controller in match, in the menus there's no way to use the controller, and in match you still have to use the mouse and keyboard to select certain things, and I find it very bothering because if the game is ported on consoles it means that there would be the full controller compatibility.So a great tabletop game not really a solid videogame."
76561198078896214,Recommended,236690,34801978,Posted: 7 September,all,Scarecrow,Git gud / Git Luck
,Recommended,236690,21554134,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,omae wa mou shindeiru,casually roll 4 13% chances in a row because elf lore
76561198034827455,Recommended,236690,25385449,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gammlernoob,Played with Undead against Dark ElfsKilled an Elf*My Dark Magic resurrects the killed dark Elf*The rest of the game the zombified dark Elf injuries 2 of his former friends
,Recommended,236690,18866180,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DangerNobuo,If you can recognize that a sequel cannot possibly include all of the content of the previous game plus every expansion you are a smarter person than most of the people who have reviewed this game.It is Blood Bowl. It is fun. It is supported. Buy it.
76561197982587661,Recommended,236690,26311987,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DeathDealer,balling
,Recommended,236690,18153727,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,The Lewtz,Good adaptation.  10/10
76561198023629460,Not Recommended,236690,25494099,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,OSU|Reddawn,"AI is given too much advantage, so much so it takes any enjoyment out of the game."
76561197971066870,Not Recommended,236690,25494898,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Plumpykind,"Don't buy this game until it's on sale.  I got it for 66% off, or something like that so it's not that bad.  The base game is ok but damn dlc prices is just trying to milk us for more money.  It should have been released along with the game.  Damn bloodsuckers."
76561198006258936,Not Recommended,236690,19249183,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Pavia4CrewOi!,"Me descargo el BB 1 y por lo menos tengo mas razas, desequilibrados los equipos 4 de cada 5 partidos son contra caos que se limitan a destrozarte el equipo con garras y golpe mortifero, los atributos deberian ser con dobles, apesta subir a valoracion 1700 porque ya solo hay equipos de caos recomiendo jugar al uno que por lo menos puedes divertirte con mas equipos una autentica desilusion si por lo menos estubiesen las trampas quizas se equilibraria un poco pero ni se han molestado en incluirlas y si para cada equipo nuevo tenemos que pagar 7 euros el juego se puede ir a los 100 euretes pero bueno que e esta gente no le importa.Por mi parte no lo recomiendo."
76561197998710895,Recommended,236690,28665648,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lyvemar,Amazing!!!
76561198019867265,Not Recommended,236690,21992601,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rock,Constantly crashes.  Not worth the hassle.
76561198050233850,Recommended,236690,33941018,Posted: 31 July,all,Battle Brother Aogysde,"The game is great but the developers are ♥♥♥♥ing retard that can make a dice work, I honestly get 1's like 70% of the time, even dobles. ♥♥♥♥ you Nuffle, you are a little ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,236690,28249349,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Truthforger,Inability to run Full Screen at lower resolutions made this game unplayable on my High Res display. I could either run the game in a tiny window and squint or run full screen High Res with stuttering. Seems like a simple fix.
76561198019421877,Recommended,236690,18794785,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tuna G.,Fun game but short campaign
76561198220136511,Not Recommended,236690,25569279,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Sharepoint,"The game is ok, good graphics and all, but the commentary is very repetetive and in campaign the dice roles are VERY stacked. I cant get past the second/third match in the campaign because my players fail ALL the roles, they fail to dodge, tackle etc. EVERY TIME. If they could make dice roles more balanced then i would recommend the game. Dont pay full price for this. I bought it in the sale for £10 and I think its not even worth that."
76561198003796227,Not Recommended,236690,20429061,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jay,This game start files have problems. So launching it was a problem. It also wouldn't respond to my keyboard or mouse when in the game. More trouble than it's worth.
76561198006350971,Not Recommended,236690,21139766,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Teh Forti,"An 83% chance on a ""Go For it"" means chance of sucess, right?  Then why does it feel more like a chance for failure?I want to like this game FAR MORE than I do.  I want to LOVE this game.  I want to write a review that says ""You should go out and buy this game NAOW! o 3o ""...  BUT...The RNG (Random Number Generator, used for dice rolls in this game) will make you rage something awful.  This game is in an AWFUL need of a rebalance.  And I don't mean the rules that the mechanics of the game follow.  I mean the fact that the AI habitually gets far better rolls than you do and does so on a consistant basis.  I mean that the Lizardman race is OP.  And this isn't the only beef I have.Positives:+ Decent Graphics+ possibility of carnage on the field+ For some reason, I keep coming back to the game....Cons:- Emotionally dead cheerleader clones.- RNG HATES YOU!!- Where are the Amazonians and Valkyries?  You have icons for them in game and yet NO WORD on release date or even if you're planning to release them?- RNG HATES YOU!!Honestly, my main, heart breaking complaint is how unfair the RNG is.  I know it doesn't sound like much, but when EVERY ASPECT of the game hinges on it?  It becomes a gamebreaker.  When I'm failing 8 out of 10 rolls that have a 83% chance of success, that is NOT a chance of success!  And I use this as an example, but there are FAR MORE examples in the game.  Players can talk all they like about positioning, skills and what not.The only winning move is not to play.I would recommend this game ONLY in the vain , vain hope that the RNG is addressed in the future (which is NOT likely) and that the races I am looking forward to make it to the game SOON (as of this moment, 3 new races have been announced, but none of them are Amazonian or Valkyries)For now... get this game on sale, if you must."
76561198031940338,Not Recommended,236690,18865556,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mr.Drix,"This game is 100% about RNG's, I've started a match and had a player instantly killed... I've had random start events where ""random players will be stunned"" where all my players have been stunned, I've played an hour with 3 as the highest roll... Yes.. They you can get a advantage through level, but the RNG will ♥♥♥♥ up your game horribly. So if you're looking for something that requires skill, Go somewhere else. This game is about rage and RNG's ♥♥♥♥ing you in the face. Buy at your own risk."
76561197993729753,Not Recommended,236690,18154084,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Frank Hardly,"The game feels unfinished. The graphics are updated which is nice, but otherwise I can't really say this is an improvement over BB1. Maybe in six months if they add in some of the desperately needed features, like a viewable grid/player names, toggleable skills, a working Stab for DE's, the ability to see the opposing team when buying inducements, actual graphic options where I can change my settings, the list goes on."
76561198059059017,Not Recommended,236690,18164524,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Snuffy,"First off this is a 20 dollar game not a 44.99 game.  he price point is INSANE for what they have to offer.Want to see the grid like bb chaos edition?nopeWant to see your player names or xp etc to help you see what player you have where?nopeWant to be able to easily tell players apart?NopeWant to get inducements before you spend to much money on team or go back and fourth easily to construct your team?nopeWant to not have the game forget to display a dodge you have to make?NopeWant see your opponents team before you buy inducements because he has a higher value team?NopeWant league play to mean anything?  I mean anything at all?Nope (18-0 first place, dude that has 35-1 20th.. ummhmm).Want to see detailed stats on your players (blocks, injuries, scores)?NopeI could go on but i'm tired.  This is a downgrade from bloodbowl chaos edition.  They only upgrade is the graphics are a little better and they have an online component.  And honestly, zoom in to your characters to see just how crappy the skins really are.  Hair is one piece that doesn't move a clips, skin is just wierd when zoomed in, players do not really look much different (dwarves in particular), player doesn't look any different as he levels up.On a steam sale for 20 bucks this is a solid buy.  for 44.99 no way it is worth it."
76561197970492748,Not Recommended,236690,25372687,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Caprichaun,"While the graphics are terrific and the gameplay itself is fun to watch, there are multiple issues around actually PLAYING the game itself. I won't go over the issues with multiplayer as they are better described in other reviews. I want to focus on the ""single player"" game.  I have played Blood Bowl the board game since second edition.  I am a Wood Elf player and was really looking forward to practicing with the solo league play. The problem is that the AI is so unbalanced that it is beyond broken. In my first four games, my team has suffered FOUR deaths! I have seen repeated successes for the AI on rolls of 33% or less while receiving a losing streak of no less than 8 fails on rolls having an 83% chance of success. And this is after I started tallying rolls for both sides.  I happen to HATE games where unbalanced die rolling compensates for lazy AI coding. It is quite obvious this was to be a multiplayer only experience as it is equally obvious they gave the AI coding minimal effort.  DO NOT BUY! Instead wait for the 5th Edition to be released by Games Workshop later this year and play the game it was meant to be played.*edited for typos*"
,Not Recommended,236690,18170617,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Highfall,"The game is not ready by any stretch of the imagination. Horrible interface, really thin campaign mode, lack of features in-game such as useful stadium upgrades and sponsors that do anything. Not to mention the awful server issues that causes you to lose everything you gained from hour long matches. Even if you manage to level up players in your team, you need to beg that you'll get connection with the server back, or else you'll have to start all over again.Why even release it at this point. It's far from polished, I've seen early access games that are better."
76561197993250764,Not Recommended,236690,34783135,Posted: 6 September,all,Atuday,If a player showed up at the local game store with dice as clearly loaded as the AI dice. We would literally drag him out to the dumpsters and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him.
76561198009375655,Recommended,236690,18148864,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Rizzla,Whats not to love. ITS TIME FOR BLOOOOOOD BALLLLL!
76561197993702793,Not Recommended,236690,18155769,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Squishagnome,"WORST GAME OF THE YEAR!!!!!I love how it calls it self a strategy game with no real strategy component in it, its like playing chess and having your queen, as she is taking a pawn be crushed because its raining........ the pawn then turns into a second queen for the opponent.No game coder to date has written random code worth two ♥♥♥♥♥s.It's a flip of the coin game, the difference is you have to wait 50mins to see the winner.No real AI, the coders have written in comp ability to rig the dice when needed, what else can be said for the greatest let down of 2015Get this, i start a team, the kick off happens and a ""RANDOM"" event happens which Stuns 8 out of 11 from my team, then the other player knocks my blocker out and kills him, so not only do i loose the game but loose the best player as well, the GAME IS COMPLETE GARBAGE! random chance my♥♥♥♥♥.......................................................................................................................................................................................Im so angry at steam for letting this ill conceived SH%* stain of a game be sold and Games workshop for allowing one of FFSboard games to be brutally invisioned.A sign of the times, a complete waste of time....."
76561198030762749,Not Recommended,236690,29068457,Posted: 6 January,all,derdekeas,"Fun game idea ruined by way too much randomness. It is quite possible to succeed all sorts of improbable rolls while your opponent fails very safe moves over and over. Naturally, this is possible in reverse. So of course if your opponenet sees that they are failing all the rolls they aught to be making they quit. This means that very few games ever last untill the end. The game determines one person will get the good rolls that game, the other player figures that out and leaves. Makes for rather unsatisfying game play. If you don't care about winning, and can accept that strategy matters for surprisingly little, then it can be fun. The graphics are great, the commentary is funny, and the cut soons look cool and brutal."
,Recommended,236690,25424863,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ciucolas,good
76561198009803282,Not Recommended,236690,18197552,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hyeena,If you can accept the terrible RNG then maybe you'll like this game.  Half of my turns were all forfieted because of turn-overs.
76561198077426276,Not Recommended,236690,26319780,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hate,"Issues:Game claims to have controller support...it has♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controller support at best. Idk about you...but when i pick up a controller and collapse onto the couch...controller support means I can get everything needed done...from the couch...with a controller...I should be able to launch the title from big picture...play it, exit it...without any issues causing me to use the keyboard and mouse.Also is it me or is it impossible to run this full screen?...I cannot get this game to launch full"
76561198045928746,Not Recommended,236690,30595312,Posted: 18 March,all,davidjames,"The problem with Blood Bowl 2 is that it based on a board game franchise with fixed rules. This means that the new edition offers NO new game play or mechanics. It's basically only a HD remake of Blood Bowl 1 with some minor new features. The Blood bowl rules are complex, and I don't think that the partial tuatorial offers anywhere near enough to start a new player.And is it just me, or does the menu system let you conced a game without having to confirm FAR too easily? I have wasted 1 hour+ already replaying games where I accidently conceeded when I was actually winning."
76561198004456746,Not Recommended,236690,24598068,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Wolfmn989,"I would say this game is about 80% luck and 20% skill. I understand you can take steps to minamize your risks, but it doesn't matter what your strategy is if the dice decide to f**k you. Cannot recomend this game if you are into strategy games. If RNG based results are your thing then go for it."
76561197999276265,Not Recommended,236690,28762660,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lucio,"Purchased the game with high hopes as I thoroughly enjoyed the previous edition, sadly this was a disappointment as the gameplay is so drastically different from the original, and from the board game that I know and love, that this shouldn't have the name ""Blood Bowl"" associated with it at all. From no visibility to what block dice you rolled (for those times when maybe a both down is better than a pushback), nor any option to either follow up, nor pick where your opponent goes, this game may have potential for fun, but it really isn't Blood Bowl.What's a crying shame is that the graphics are an improvement, Jim and Bob are vastly improved and the campaign mode felt like it had a real story to get going but being forced to play humans, with no option to change to a different team, nor pick things like re-rolls (or at least no obvious way to do so!), it will get dull really quickly.Frankly, if you like Blood Bowl, avoid this game and get the previous edition instead."
76561198026461562,Not Recommended,236690,24930981,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Carn' The Bloody Tigers,4 teams as dlc in almost a year to slow.
76561197965546900,Not Recommended,236690,34766616,Posted: 5 September,all,JEWS DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT,Game freezes randomly will update if this is fixed.It happens way too often and in such long games it REALLY ruins everything.
76561198023020277,Not Recommended,236690,18171781,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DutchDefense,"In a nutshell: 1 step forward (graphics), 2 steps back (everything else which was already available in BB1). The typical downgrade in order to please the Console crowd. Cheap money grab..."
76561198072029269,Not Recommended,236690,20547714,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bismuth-83,There really should be a warning on the store page for games that rely on micro-transactions.
,Recommended,236690,26459078,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MenfiN @GoRéussirSesEtudes,recomended by PurpleTurtle
76561197993269302,Not Recommended,236690,28854177,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Slickey Slack,"Bad control system. The camera is so bad you literally can't see all of the necesary playing space without zooming it all the way out. Full of bugs (or bad programing, I'm not sure). The ""random"" dice rolls are anything but random. The game sends you on WILD wining streaks and then just as wild loosing streaks."
76561198004507209,Not Recommended,236690,24637732,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kamelia,Same problems as always. Game looks good but as expected so called random dice rolls are always in favour of one team. You can tell within 2 turns who will win a game which makes it no fun. Loved the table top game as it did require tactics and and bit of luck with this you need none. The one sided rolls takes all enjoyment out the game. Quite  possibly the worst blood bowl game I have ever palyed plus no sportsmanship from most people that play it. NEVER BUY this game!!!!
76561198239499270,Recommended,236690,21005041,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zaz 75,exelent game
76561197972049867,Not Recommended,236690,20801475,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ZebraDC,to much rng=bad review
76561198057467330,Not Recommended,236690,22509654,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Giant Pile of Socks,"Having suffered through the terrible interface and non-intuitive controls of the blood bowl chaos edition, I was looking forward to using a cleaner, newer, improved client. However, what we got is this pile of half polished turds.Dissapointing. I'd pay $5 for this, and even that is pushing the limits."
76561197993075387,Recommended,236690,18955137,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nepcros,Wish they had a r player pack ti get a league rolling a bit easier. .. but it's really fun
76561198036640390,Not Recommended,236690,18355929,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MuskySlyStoat,"I really want to like this game, but as it stands the graphic options and graphics card support isn't quite on the mark. optimization does'nt seem up to par for lesser pc's and since their isn't really anything special happening on screen, I wonder what exactly is taxing my lower end machine!"
76561197981938899,Not Recommended,236690,18672572,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Socialist Ryan,"BB2 is a fun interactive story game. Considering how it was designed it would be inaccurate to claim it to be a strategy game considering that any strategy goes out the window with any of the numous kick off events that can literally kill multiple people on your side of the pitch or seriously effect the outcome of the game. If you want to play a game where your decisons mater, then this isn't a game for you. The best way to describe BB is that its a gambling game and no mater how well you understand the mechanics in far too many suitaitons any element of player control will be stripped from you entirely.This paticually Blood bowl game isn't worth buying. If you have read the top and think it sounds fun then you'll want to buy Blood bowl Chaos edition, which has literally 3 times more teams and a far better UI. If you really want blood bowl 2 I'd suggest waiting for it to go down to 10$ or less, because due to the sheer lack of content in the game its not worth more then that."
76561198231264200,Not Recommended,236690,34906665,Posted: 12 September,all,deanmhowells,"Can't recommend because* there is no option for full-screen view. I can see there are options at the bottom of the screen when I move the screen up then it resets and I can't click on them, there is no option to change it in the settings and there is no support for settings online. I tried playing a game and found there are timers when the game is waiting for me to chose something, but I have no options to choose* The game feels clunky and slow and doesn't respond quickly when you are playing your turn which is frustrating due to the turn timer. Its nothing to do with the resolution or graphics settings having tried changing them."
,Recommended,236690,24016614,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,George Lucas,gg
76561198203614376,Not Recommended,236690,31441086,Posted: 29 April,all,Anapoda,70 bucks worth of DLC....
76561198073004057,Not Recommended,236690,18156992,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ptero64,"BB2 is not completely bad especially is you start learning to play. But for others player who were already on the previous version, BB2 is very frustrating. I can understand that there is not 23 teams they have to sell their game and make money but there is so many useful  options missing from chaos edition. And it is difficult to understand why they remove them?? As a lot of players I think I miss stuff like: the grid, display name on the player, create your team more easily (buy re roll), stats of the team player easier to read, free camera, ability to look the composition of the opposite team before choosing inducements, chat lobby... Also personally missing cosmetic stuff like: more colour option (I want to do my All Blacks team), more option for create player (not just head), level up change appearance like in BB1, specific cheerleaders, crowd in stadium more diversity (not only one type of men and ork),  in-game chat commentaries of the IA (it is nice in BB1CE)...So if you are a hard core player of Blood Bowl stay on BB1CE which is the better version until now!Cyanide faite des patchs pour ameliorer le jeu, qu 'il soit au meme niveau de contenue et option que le precedent, s'il vous plait ! Sinon le jeu est tres jolie, ingame et l'interface."
76561198026090280,Not Recommended,236690,25500129,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,brah,+ Looks/sounds good+ Fun concept- The campaign is the tutorial which is too long to get to know everything- Apparently it went from 22 teams to 8 teams between the previous game and this one. Want more teams? Buy the DLC lmao- Sponsors have no effect? Is this unfinished or intended?6/10-24/10 if you dont like RNG
,Not Recommended,236690,33061489,Posted: 30 June,all,Chrono | csgokingdom |,Unplayable. Cannot log in or change settings. Lag is so incredibaly bad.
76561197973194755,Recommended,236690,32869574,Posted: 27 June,all,BtwRant,Got From friend.Installed.Played start.Anti-Virus program Exploded With Trojan Warning.So yeaah no....Trojans for all?
,Not Recommended,236690,20562408,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Colonel Crayola,"my screen displayed my mouse in a position it wasnt and thus couldnt tell where to put my mouse and couldnt get through the opening kickoff of the tutorial or change the game resolution (1/16/16)UPDATE soon after I posted this review netheros helped me fixed my problem, I had refunded the game and have not yet purchased the game back yet will update again after that happens(3/24/16)"
76561198260228773,Not Recommended,236690,22038802,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,tommy_g1979,"The game wont even go past the main title screen, as the Enter button doesntseem to work in the game.Anybody else have a similar problem?A shame really and a waste of money."
76561198135401102,Not Recommended,236690,20364422,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,zweihänder,"I would not buy this game. most of the time it doesnt even open, and when it does no matter how strong of hardware you own, it still only opens as a small minimized screen. The game is great on console but I would NEVER recommend to anyone that they purchase it for PC online. 0/10 worst steam experience ever!"
,Not Recommended,236690,19310907,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,I Spit on your Big Macs,"in my opinion you shouldnt be giving every damn race a 3 for strength, if one race is supposed to be stronger than another, MAKE THEM STRONGER, a scaven lineman should not have the ability to run 2/3 of the field and be as strong as an orc, ive had back to back games where all my roles where complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ and even using my 5 reroles, they got even worse. orcs are the strongest and are slow, chaos injures easier but cant play the ball as well, skaven should be weak and very fast, and so on, as an avid fan of Warhammer and warhammer 40k thiese stats are nowhere near what they should be (if you couldnt tell im saying the skavenneed to be nerfed, because if i have 3 guys surrounding him and then blitz him, i should not get skulls both before and after the rerole)"
76561197993482276,Not Recommended,236690,21671940,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ash,So many bugs spoils what looks too be a good game.  So frustraiting
,Not Recommended,236690,18876773,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Hot vore daily,RNG: The game
76561197999495989,Not Recommended,236690,18152459,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Void,"Keep an eye on this game but at the moment it honestly feels unfinished, as many other commenters have put, its got some good features, refine UI better graphics etc. but the weirdly lacking options menu, the inability to have a campagin with a team of your choice (humans only), and lack of effort like all spectators being the same model with the same face in different coloured vests, there aren't race specific cheerleaders anymore either, just feels like a great game is in development but was rushed out the door, even the preorder bonus teams aren't available.And an example of why I (really hope at least) that its going to be updated, is its even lacking things as simple as animations on grounded playered, Blood Bowl had it, in this as soon as a player is knocked down they become a totally unmoving 3d model, which is suprisingly noticable.Bottom Line its ok like a 6.5/10 would be a 9 with some polish, currently not worth it vs buying the chaos edition of blood bowl 1 for considerably less money last time I checkedBut for me its definately put me off pre ordering anything from this studio again.Mid April Update. The developers promised the first of the additional races, out at the end of Febuary, then end of March, we are now into week 3 in April and not only no new teams but not even an update since 7th March. This game feels more and more like abandonware and I'm starting to think it will take the release of all 4 teams along with the resignation and suicide of all those involved in the delays will be required to ever make people forgive this joke of a studio. I will revise my statement from my earlier review I not only will not preorder anything from Cyanide again. I doubt I'll even buy anything by them."
76561198090438826,Not Recommended,236690,18155867,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,YuukiRus,"The game sadly came out with a lot of issuesI'll list the good and the badPROS:*The game runs smoothly (How ever requires DX11, despite system requirements saying otherwise*The UI has been vastly improved since the first game*It's funCONS:*The AI on all races is horrible. They play terribly, even a new player (Which I was) Can annihilate the AI, even when they have a better team.*There's near no dialogue in-game, despite a heavy focus being on the commentators of the game.*The animations are very repetitive, on the starting line-up you will often see everyone in the exact same pose, barely moving at all.*The animations are repetitive and aren't indicitive of anything in-game.*The art in-game is very low poly and low-res, yet the game forces you to be direct x11 compatible (Which means Windows 7 users can't play this game)*The game sells each pack of characters at around $10. It's a blatantly bad way to handle dlc, especially so early in.*The campaign is extremely short and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*Multiplayer matchmaking is added terribly in this game. Your opponent is random, there's no shaping to skill. You can only battle people within your own league, which is basically a group you join. It's a horrible system that makes the game terrible to play if you don't have friends, or good luck on who you fight.*The game is basically the first game again, I usually don't have this complaint about this, but I'm upset in this case."
76561197989575408,Not Recommended,236690,23058326,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gackbert,BB1 was better in every single way.No visual upgrades in BB2Less racesNo more cheerleaders
76561198017201377,Not Recommended,236690,18151978,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Thartahk,Blood Bowl 2 is good for what it brings you but i still cant say it was worth the price now this is comming from someone who owns and has played the original game and i must sadly say that there is less content in BB2 the the original the campaign has a Intro that is way to long compared to the small size of the campaign at 40% complete it finally lets you play whitout telling you new things so tutorial finally over i am currently at 60% done at the time i write this and the one thing i dislike about the campaign the most is there is only one team why give us 7 save slots for one team i cant recomend this game until more content is added there is some good PvP but no PvE witch was fun and intresting to do in the original i play the PvP and the PvE but sometimes you just cant deal whit running into hardcore players that cant enjoy the game and  just act childish but sadly there is nothing othere then the campaigni am not saying that the whole campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥the story it has is poor but the actors comments are amazing and realy well dont
76561197970754741,Not Recommended,236690,29261306,Posted: 14 January,all,Boone,"Love Blood Bowl, but other than the greatly improved graphics, in many ways this sequel by Cyanide is a regression from the first. The camera controls are worse, the interface can be even more confusing, and the base game comes with far fewer teams (for which you now have to pay 7 bucks each)."
,Not Recommended,236690,31121042,Posted: 13 April,all,Barbz,"The games ok, doesn't really improove much from the original but LOOK AT THAT DLC PRICE! £5 per race? Races i might add  which are in the original game FOR FREE. Do not purchase this game until games workshop sort their lives out. It is totally unacceptable to charge this much for content which should be avaliable with the base game. If you want the lot its £40 extra on top of the original price. Outrageous, disgraceful. Boycot this garbage...."
76561197988856330,Not Recommended,236690,34808529,Posted: 7 September,all,damndirtybadger,"Game would be lots of fun if you could actually play past a match.  The four matches i played, each time the gaem was stuck at  ""opponents turn"" and it did nothing. the count down timer did nothing once it counted all the way down.  I don't reccomend anyone purchasing this as it's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to find out an hour into a match that it will not continue and you have to concede to keep the game open. not worth it."
76561198105057416,Recommended,236690,18147207,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mark,When do we get thet pre order bonus? I don't have access to my bonus race yet.
,Not Recommended,236690,24568297,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,kagranac,"I bought the game a while ago and have now had two periods trying to enjoy the game, but I just can't. I like stratergygames and building things up and mastering things and enjoying it alomg the way, but it's so frustrating that your tactics and choices along the way all depend on one thing only as to wheather they are sucessful or not, and that is a dice roll. luck of the dice.  keep rolling double skulls your tactics fail and your turn is cut short leaving you exposed as you were unable to counter all the moves the opposing team made, keep rolling hits or what you need and you'll be successful. no skill just luck of the dice."
,Recommended,236690,18148126,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BrutalBear,How i can get my pre-order clases ???
76561198010390607,Not Recommended,236690,28815253,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Poison Rational,not fun
,Recommended,236690,23374327,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,martiran,Great
76561197978542724,Not Recommended,236690,32282971,Posted: 8 June,all,Torrcha,"This is not a game of strategy as listed on the store. Consider changing or adding a genre to ""game of chance"" because that is what this is. Too many dice. I understand its from the table top game and everything but the air of randomness simply makes the game punishing when you find yourself at the mercy of the dice. Over and over the elves would just seem to roll double stuns and each and every one of their characters seemed to have some block effect. Maybe this game would be fun for multiplayer, where everyone is at the same level. But when you're facing the computer things just sort of... ""blance out"" in some nearly scripted way. This isn't something new for sports games however. I've played and been frustrated with all of EA's sports games as they do this exact same thing. You're winning, you're winning, you're winning and something just seems to shift. You're not sure what it is but that other team just starts getting ALL the turnovers or ALL the lucky breaks, but only when its a computer controlled opponent.If this was something more akin to gambling I would seriously consider narrowing my eyes, scrunching the bridge of my nose and raising my upper lip in disgust with Game's Workshop's cheat of a game engine.Ultimately unenjoyable as I do not like to be beaten by slanted systems. Too scripted for a game of strategy which should be rightly named a game of chance, which it still is not as the dice are in fact loaded.Oh and as listed before it is a tabletop game so expect that level of gameplay. Yuck."
76561197960518123,Not Recommended,236690,33507294,Posted: 13 July,all,HotsalZa,"I really love the boardgame and i really like the improvements made in BB2 (graphics and controls).But i still cant recommend the game afterall. Why?I dont know how Cyanide does the dice roll calculation, but it is far away from what you would normally roll at the boardgame. 3 deaths on your side, 4-5 rolls of 1 in a row, Skaven team destroys your armor 9 team, 1-4 players that go KO an never return the whole game even with Bloodweise Babes, no problem in this videogame version of BB.But what is even worse is the matchmaking, more then 50% of the time you get matches with teams 300 - 500 more teamrating than yourself and you cant even filter that out. Yes you can buy a starplayer with that gold but a chaos or Dwarf Team with full Claw/Mighty blow just thrashes him out in 1-2 rounds.Fairness is no option in this game.If you have the skill nerves of steel on your side give it a try, all others get prepared to grow some grey hair or rip them out yourself while playing. Frustration Level 9 / 10"
,Recommended,236690,22726730,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Viking,is gud
76561198115413064,Not Recommended,236690,24114164,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rage Doctor,"I am basing this review on my own experiances, because I understand that there are those who may not have had such a negative time with this game as I have. First off, This game is truly an amazing and fun game when, well, it wants to be. Matches only have two turnouts: Either the opposing team gets COMPLETELY screwed by ""rng"" or your team gets COMPLETELY screwed by rng. There is such a low level of strategy and skill in this game that such a brutal rng system really hurts the game at times. I am talking, turn 1, You injure two of your enemies immediately and stun another and knockdown the rest. While that will be fun for you, the other player is probably bashing their head against the wall. Vice versa, turn 1, your strongest player has a 3 dice roll, and gets 3 skulls. Reroll and get 3 MORE skulls. Those rng chances seem like they would only happen once in a blue moon, but they truly happen essentially every game. At this point you are probably thinking, ""Man you probably just suck git gud"". Well, maybe you are right, but rng aside, the games teams aren't exactly balanced either. The game basically consists of Chaos, Elves, and Lizardmen. Any other race stands no chance against their versatility and stopping power. Norse are a heavy contestant but just not good enough at times. The matches are either incredibly long winded or instant concedes. I have had this game since launch and only recently reinstalled this rage fest, to discover, I am uninstalling it again. Your only chances of enjoying this are if you have a HIGH HIGH tolerance to rage, or you are an extreme masochist and enjoy the agony of devastating rng. But, for me, it's a no. I'd give it a 6/10. Buy it on sale to try it, but never full price."
76561198043265944,Not Recommended,236690,34942878,Posted: 13 September,all,KingTiger2,This game is non sense at its finest. Normally im fine with luck base game. I love warhammer too but this game is only pure rage. in one instance my best player couldnt pick up the balls 5times in a row with a statistic of 67%. thats not even mathematically correct. its pure non sense. u could have a few hour of fun but if u take this game seriously and think strategies matter. it simply doesnt. u can set up the best defense ever. with 4players guardian 6-7squares adjacently(which is the reason why im writting this review)cause my friend made me flip out with his♥♥♥♥♥♥talk and all but this game is garbage at its finest. so he managed to pick up the ball with a 17% and dodges all my characters and what were his dodge chance???? 33%TIMES 7???? meaning he managed to dodged 33% seven ♥♥♥♥ing time and pick it up with a 17% chance while i failed 5times in a row with a ♥♥♥♥ing 67% like who the ♥♥♥♥ would play this garbage honestly.
76561198386956079,Not Recommended,236690,33207820,Posted: 3 July,all,Ebreen7,"Cyanide is an AWFUL company that has no idea what an RNG is. Fix your game before you lose your player base. Also, when  youre in the inducemnt phase there is no ""are you sure"" or yes, no"" when you click validate so dont ever make a mistake and click it on accident or you start a match 450 TV down. Speaking on that, youre always facing teams that are 200-450k Team Value above you. I'm sorry I consider myself a decent player, by far not an expert. If youre playing a team with that may more skills than you its over. Fix your game Cyanide. I dont suggest buying this until something is done about the said issues. Lets go over those one more time, Matchmaking sucks, the UI Sucks, and the RNG is the single worst thing ive ever seen in a game in my life. You're constantly rolling things that would be 1-36 chances (double 1s) or even 1-72 chances. Awful game until these are fixed."
76561198075046085,Recommended,236690,32611227,Posted: 20 June,all,The Black Sheep,Ehh
76561198027180652,Not Recommended,236690,20436366,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Helsreach,If you like a game on complete random ness then its a game for you but if you dont or might want to give it a try dont.
76561197998835879,Not Recommended,236690,21649701,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dvs2nite,Every single dice roll and random occurence will go in favor of the computer at all times to make up for terrible low quality A.I.Terrible programming and lazy design at its finest.  I regret this purchase.
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,236690,21886308,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Destyre,"- Can't save during matches, god forbid that you can't sit on a game for 2 hours to finish a game without interuption, or if the game randomly crashes.- Players forced into retirement because of Online balancing in multiplayer or some such, even if you don't want to play online. Basically your players will be lost forever after a certain amount of games and you will have to rebuy new ones with no levels.- AI has suspiciously good dice rolls pretty consistantly. No doubt this is deliberate as to make the game more ""challenging"".Infuriating pretty much all around. Buy on sale if you buy at all, definately not worth the full price. Alternatively, play Blood Bowl: Chaos Edition. Same dodgy rolls but far less of these idiotic new mechanics they have added in."
,Recommended,236690,24031857,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrFabulous,.
,Not Recommended,236690,35056433,Posted: 18 September,all,Gay Fer Da Empra,"I love blood bowl, i have both the normal and chaos edition of blood bowl 1. but i sadly cant reccomend this. I hve been diced on every game ive played, there is no hyperbole there....every....game. in BB1 if i played dwarves and grabbed the ball to play a fighting game i could at least do that, not here however.I had a ball carrier completely caged except for a corner as undead vs vampires. thrall takes the one open corner in the cage and blitzes it with no support to no STR bonus, and downs my ball carrier in spite of the supposed support. anouther game i play against a low lvl chaos team, all lvl 1 so too low for chaos to build a certain way, have you ever seen a mummy roll two attacker down dice and reroll that result? i have and it happens but after EVERY game coming down to a matter of me getting diced there is nothing for me to experience.I thought mabye if i crank the difficulty up to hard that the computer would at least use strategy so as to lessen the blow of an inept AI being floated by jesus tier dice. nope, AI is still just as dumb and its just dice. I cant even experience anything of the game untill RNJesus lets me give enough injuries to level players up to lessen the BS via block etc.Dont buy this, you will want to cut yourself, and this is from someone who hangs out onBBtactics.com"
76561198226866028,Not Recommended,236690,20436534,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,KINGPUGLORD,Just bad
,Not Recommended,236690,34534757,Posted: 27 August,all,Vidopoulos,"BB1 is better in terms of gameplay and content.This has better grafics, sure... but game = gameplay"
76561198006589298,Recommended,236690,23059249,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shadow of Genius,A good game.
76561197992938319,Not Recommended,236690,25056096,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Reachforthesky,"I've given this game so many chances, it's pure frustration every time. There's just nothing fun about getting beaten by a dice role. The concept is fun and compelling but the crushing weight of the luck factor makes actually playing it feels like being the victim of some kind of hidden camera prank. You'll get ♥♥♥♥ed over time and time again because your players are incapable of picking up a ball lying on the ground, then see your opponent scoop up the ball, dance pass all your blockers, then chuck it down the field for an easy touchdown. Then once you've lost, feel the magic of playing a game of equal or greater difficulty with half of your players injured or dead. I seriously regret paying money for this game, it has provided an exclusively negative gameplay experience."
76561197984654505,Not Recommended,236690,18181726,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,thiefling,"I can't recommend this game at this time. I felt like this is one review I had to do. I love Blood Bowl. This game however is nothing to love. Games Workshop makes money and produce games that look like they were made ten years ago. No camera controls, no full screen options. Hell most common options aren't so common in this wireframe launch. Average game length is close to two hours. You gain injuries and deaths faster than you gain the money to replace players. Most of the 3 dozen or so games I've played end after only a few turns because the game has already thrown one player everything they need to win while killing off half the oppostion team. Since it's less expensive to delete your team and start fresh there is no incentive to continue playing if anything at all goes wrong for your team. Just start over and hope the game decides to give you everything that round. The very few games I did finish scored 2-1 or so but the difference in SPP from those games was more like 25-4. So if you're not winning by a lot you're gaining nothing while wasting almost 2 hours of your life.I did say I love BB and I do. But not this game. I want more ppl to be playing it so I'll have less down time between games, but I don't hate anyone enough to actually recommend they pay money for this turd. It's a joke that looks like GW kept it in the closet ten years too long."
76561198030845520,Not Recommended,236690,18150581,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,KoT Sagris,"Where are my lizardmen?  No rebindable keys on the main menu and mouse or gamepad for the pc?  Gamepad?  Sorry, I'm on a PC.  Sure, some people use a gamepad for more action orientated games, but seeing how this is a... oh, right.  It's a port.No configurable graphics options.  Heh.So many other glaring issues or missing things from this compared to Blood Bowl.  Yes, it took DLC for Bloow Bowl to have all their races and such, but that is a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor excuse to use as a crutch for not implementing at least what was in latest version of Blood Bowl.  I'm not going to bother listing what is missing or what I'm specifically unhappy with as Cyanide Studios doesn't have much of a rapport with their community as it is.First game refund for me.  Where are my lizardmen you dirtbags!?"
76561198048382750,Not Recommended,236690,26101295,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,xXxM@TTyThEpU$$Eslay3rxXx,"All the game seems to be is about luck and even then you dont seem get any of it. its a rage indueing game, not one i could consider fun"
76561197974403826,Recommended,236690,18147737,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Njordy,so where are my lizard boys? >:O
76561198051755671,Not Recommended,236690,25436790,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,jasonhawkins41,looks good but thats all it has going for it. gameplay is boring!
76561198064789596,Not Recommended,236690,23248206,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Connoroth,"If you would like to rip your hair out at this broken RNG, Try blood bowl :)"
,Recommended,236690,24273851,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ikon3d,"Oi boyz! Listna!Diz iz some real gud game!You can kik elves in da balz!U can punch much out of doze punny umans!Zey alzo have da tiny ball 'ere, da ball thingy iz made for atracting new punchin bags with pointy earz!Cuz pointy ears like to do stuff with da ball, and run away, squids.Zis game ere wamde for fun, so zog off and go kill some pointy erz ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!2-4-6 kik em in de dikz!"
,Not Recommended,236690,18152826,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,jamesgriffiths,"what the hell have cyanide done, this game is full of bugs and is clearly not finished, why release something in this state. The controls are clunky and akward the camera is useless there is so many little bugs i'm not even going totry to list them and for some reason its in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little window and i can't find an option to change it.plus side graphics look good i think im going to return this game and maybe re buy it in 6 months when its actually finished"
76561198069358444,Not Recommended,236690,22913954,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,guapogringo101,High price for mediocre sequel
,Not Recommended,236690,20879389,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Blapoo,Single player campaign's WAY too diffcult and frustrating. The AI very obviously cheats the rolls. Failing three 87% rolls in a row. . . yup. . . done.
76561198008619828,Not Recommended,236690,24747779,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Eldarelf (Cathy),"Fancy graphic's don't make a gameUnless you simply must play the official e-sport leagues, I wouldn't bother with BB2 it's a classic example of making a game worse for the sake of fancy pixels and loosing a lot of what makes blood bowl great"
,Not Recommended,236690,18218207,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Gixxer Jax,"I really cbf going into detail why I don't like this game, so I'll leave it to just that- I don't like the game. Nice graphics though."
,Not Recommended,236690,18163744,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rave Lord Nito,To parrot what most people are saying: The game looks and plays well. The campaign is a joke and restricted to humans only. There are only 8 races available. Wait a year when it's on sale/has more content.
76561198005655928,Not Recommended,236690,25468630,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,StormWolf,"Frustrating and poor gameplay result constant screaming as 1:32 chance for a player of rolling snake eyes never happens for the AI but happens frequently too you.  The game as a result of cheating will turn your almost certian victory into a defeat in single turn.  How does it cheat:- Real probablities not correctly reported- Real probablities not even correctly observed by AI, pre-cacluates success and failure and will occasionally not even make the move in failure knowing the future.  Would you still take the move or undo if you knew it was going to fail?- Pre-Match, AI spends money it doesn't have- Rules of Turnover extreme to the point that AI exploits to get out of losing or securing a winUnfortunatly it take's more than the 2 hour refund policy :( to figure that out and is not from a lack of skill.  Avoid this game"
76561197994203500,Recommended,236690,23430659,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Pabst,chaos is for noobs
,Not Recommended,236690,18899416,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Neogenex,"DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF EPIC GARBAGEAbsolute trash. The rolls are complete and utter garbage. No matter what, against the AI, you always roll like trash when you need to at least roll something! It never fails, and then the AI will roll and pass all these silly things over and over and over. Do I recommend this? H E L L no. I wish I could refund this garbage. I would rather play any other game besides this. The RNG is by far the absolute worse I have ever saw in ANY game I have ever played. HATE this game-----EDIT-----I have now played this game even more and besides the sh!t campaign (that is just basically a tutorial on how to play and is utter garbage), I am yet to win a single game against the AI. No matter what I tried, no matter what team I used, it was pointless. Why? Because the AI and its bull sh!t rolls non stop.I had games where I would get my turn, move, get a sh!t roll, and end my turn before I could do a single thing (this is what usually happens). Then, when I was able to do something, I would get stupid rolls and only be able to push the AI around and on their turn, they would knock my @$$ to the grouond, stun me, or injure me every time. The game favors the AI so heavily that it is just stupid-silly. ""Well then don't play the AI, play a Human!"" No thank you. I do not like playing online games against other players, especially since to compete you would need to have a team with some experience... well, you can't get experience if your team gets slaughtered every f*cking game.This game is so aweful and I am so p!ssed that I spent money that I can not get back. This is by far the worse RNG game I have ever played. I though World of Tanks and Mordheim City of the Damned were bad. HA! Those games are childs play compared to this piece of sh!t. If I could, I would GIVE this game to someone."
76561198030854347,Not Recommended,236690,23802988,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Itse,Unplayably terrible UI. Just total crap.
76561198026184618,Not Recommended,236690,21005968,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Uncle Timo,"1) The newbie barrier to entry is rather big.  NO TUTORIAL.There is no tutorial for this game.  The game rather assumes that you are a competent BB player and know pretty much all the rules.There IS NO TUTORIAL FOR MOVING YOUR UNITS, TACKLING, BLOCKING... well, there is no tutorial.Many (most?) games have a tutorial which show you, with help text, how to.You watch/play this tutorial once or twice in your life (or more, up to you, until YOU feel comfortable with the UI) to learn the mechanics of the game and then you move on.But then again, the same mouse action has DIFFERENT results (double clicking on a piece to stand up either stands it up or pops up an extremely small popup where you must click ""standup"" and not misclick ""blitz"" which will lose you time as you try to deactivate your piece by fiddling with the mouse so you can click again meanhwile 0:20 left flashes on the screen...A simple ""how to"" tutorial with basic concepts for this game such as* how to make piece active and how to deactivate it and activate another piece -what exactly do you need to click* how to move* what are tackle zones and what can happen* how to play the odds - make the enemy roll more dice (crucial concept this, game is basically risk management)* pass the ball - how to pass, what are the odds and what are the ranges that you can pass to2) The matchmaker is the worst I have seen in any other game.  Bar none.Starting up, you make your team (by recruiting players) and your team value (TV) is howevering around 1000.Teams gain value (again, TV, team value) by skilling up their players/pieces.  You skill your piece by getting points for either passing the ball or hurting or killing (yes, it's a thing) an enemy piece.Teams are balanced to play at their starting TV, but in an open league in the game with hundreds of players, you will meet teams which are much higher TV than yours. Who will kill off your team. And skill up more. While your team will get nothing, because they CANNOT accomplish anything due to the mismatch.  And they are player by someone vastly more experienced than you, with many more BB2 games (matchmaker doesn't take player experience into account, neither.You get incentives which ""balance"" the game: get extra rerolls (which still fail ALL the time) or a doctor (which may heal your hurt player... or kill him, it is RNG hell).So basically the vastly superior enemy team skills up by killing off your starter team.3) No online pause.  Game takes, say 40 minutes no breaks... you want to pee?  Too bad.4) Display of crucial information on pieces is horrendous.  BB:CE has actual words on player cards which showed up when  you moused over a piece.  Words like ""Block"" or ""Loner"", which you could then mouse over and get a text description pop up.While I could read with no problem the actual words on player cards in BB:CE, the PIXEL SIZED icons on player cards are very hard to read.  I have never seen a smaller icon with crucial information for a player in any game.5) There is a two minute time limit for your turn.  Which I guess works well for people who have played BB as a boardgame and have logged many more games than me but for me, the 2 minute turn is NOT ENOUGH.I feel rushed, I misclick, if you have animations turned on the camera changes to a player running and/or player attacking an enemy piece, which zooms into the action and gets rid of the overhead view which allows you to see what happened where and pre-plan your moves (which you must do - remember, tik tok 2 minute limit, think fast newbie).Most people turn off the cool animations - so why have them?  Why ""upgrade"" from BB1 to BB2?6) The interface is the WORST I HAVE SEEN IN ANY GAME.  Let me give you an example - I moved a player with a ball, my thrower, and then wanted to check to which piece I wanted to pass the ball.  I moved the mouse over to another of my pieces, and clicked it...  Now, by doing so:I have ended the action for my passer/thrower and activated the other piece... and I am pretty sure I still had moves left on my thrower.Example 2: To stand up a player in BB:CE, I left double clicked on a piece to do so.  In BB2, sometimes left double clicking works for it to stand up but sometimes it does not - and a tiny pop up with ""stand up"" and ""blitz"" shows up and you must then click ""stand up"".  Same player action, different results in game."
76561197994000874,Not Recommended,236690,18157938,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nitefly,"No graphics options presentNo Fullscreen modeNo options for setting up campaigns or leaguesNext to no teams with expensive future DLCNo names/numbers on players, makes it hard to see which is whichLots of unnecessary time-consuming cut-scenesMultiplayer matcher apparently brokenDoesn't adhere to Blood Bowl rules and no option to make it so.Get BB:CE instead."
76561198064292235,Not Recommended,236690,34158849,Posted: 10 August,all,Ferus,"I seriously don't know if I would recommend this game anymore. I bought this game with marketed promises saying that we would release these teams. well, it took over a year for these teams. then I buy the 1st add on pack with this company saying I could try out the beta. well finally I've been given the option to use the beta 10/08/2017 and downloaded the friggin beta and it says ""this beta is no longer available""It's kind of a shame- the game developers placed so much heart and soul into this game, but there is too much to leave out from the start.why release an unfinished game? and make us pay for the rest of the options? see they never say these things are in the game or half attempt it (campaigns)... but they don't tell us they aren't and that's just plain sneaky.Pro'sFun game (132 hrs) but only goes so far, good graphicsConsUntrustworthy marketing and limited options."
,Not Recommended,236690,34850356,Posted: 9 September,all,Neb,"I'm genuinely disappointed in myself for buying this. It's boring, it's full of bugs and it feels half finished.Some of the jokes are quite funny, but the game itself just feels frustrating. Especially the campaign, which is just awful. If you enjoy the tabletop version I suspect you'll enjoy this more than I did, but I wouldn't expect this to be anyone's favourite game."
76561197992258739,Not Recommended,236690,18178418,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kosegut1,Just terrible... You win if you are the least unlucky player..No good tactics works. All based on dicese. You get points when you're oponent is unlucky and you rage alot...About as entertainig as flipping a coin for hours on...Don't buy this game. I wish the money I paid for this would fly out the window instead... It would be more fun.....
76561198046414056,Not Recommended,236690,18178467,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,WrittenBackwrds,"So, I have not played this game in a year and I have next to no information about it and yet I am writing a review because im bored and I felt as though this would be a productive use of time. This game has orcs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you like orcs and♥♥♥♥♥♥buy the game. The humans have wings on their helmets, I dont know if thats badass or gay but either way, im into them. If fantasy football is the kind of thing you're into, go play fantasy football. If you like orcs and different types of races, go read a J.R.R Tolkien bolk. If you like playing videogames, go outside and get a life.-Sincelery, your mother."
76561197970887221,Not Recommended,236690,18178732,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Satanykk,"Worst purchase in a while ... Better graphics ? ... I'll give'em that ... but that's mostly it ... Remember how in the first installment, the computer almost never failed any dice roll ? ... guess what, same **** going down again ... Not worth 50$ ... 10 $ at christmas sale."
,Not Recommended,236690,18161403,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ipapotihus,Nearly no Single player. So its a big no no for me.Will buy it back when Single Player is back.The rest = Thumb up !
76561197977909085,Not Recommended,236690,18163607,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kotoll,Like most reviews have already said this is not an upgrade from the original. So much content is missing. Not just the other races but the visuals are lazy. The campaign is a tutorial and a really boring and bad one. Its unwatchable. The commentators repeat themselves over and over after the first 15-20 mins of the match. Got to a point where i just turned it off.Overall don't buy this product unless they really make a show to improve the game.  The lazyness of its release and what looks like a money grab with its price and DLC ...well BEWARE TO BUYER
,Not Recommended,236690,32968372,Posted: 28 June,all,Andrea 2s1,"Matchmaking: horrible.Interface: good but punishing if you don't know the rules front-to-back with no undo, even in situations where an undo would not give you an unfair advantage.Gameplay: true to the boardgame.I played slightly longer than I meant to and now I cannot get a refund. The matchmaking is HORRIBLE - new teams paired against advanced teams, even in the ""newbie"" league.*AVOID THIS GAME* if you do not have people you know to pair up against."
,Not Recommended,236690,33812466,Posted: 26 July,all,🚂🚃Taschi🚃🚃,"You can't even save during a match in a single-player league? Uuh... sure, guys, I can see how that would have overtaxed the budget.Seriously, that's a dealbreaker for me."
76561197976180545,Not Recommended,236690,18178362,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Grulemugg,"Blood Bowl is originally a board game, and Cyanide once again fails to come up with a 99% correct simulation of said board game. They mess the rules up and toy around with changes and new features in some arbitrary attempt to spice the game up in its digital version. That would be interesting if they had ever managed to get the starting point right, which is the latest release of the board game rules. But they didn't. So those changes are not based on any analysis of actual game results but on personal taste of the guys in charge of this project. That makes Blood Bowl II a house rules game.The game plain sucks as a video game, its way behind its release date regarding technical aspects like graphics, and as a Blood Bowl game its just sad. Buy it if you want to give them some cash for a third try, but don't waste your time playing Blood Bowl II competitively.If you are new to Blood Bowl, this is sadly the prettiest video game version as of yet, and Blood Bowl still is a fantastic game concept. So give it a try to get a feel for the game. As soon as you are really into it, you will find this version to fall very short in many ways and you will probably google for other places to play the game. So you might as well do that now..."
,Not Recommended,236690,18185498,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,AiusLocutius,"Woodelves have male Wardancers now, Its a dream come true!"
76561198082116411,Not Recommended,236690,18177653,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Austin_Exe,"currently waiting on my refund , was a terrible experiance"
,Not Recommended,236690,29100587,Posted: 7 January,all,Aero,"Never in my life have I been more frustrated with a video game. No matter how good you strategize or set up, this game is up to PURE CHANCE. Rarely will I give a game a bad mark, but this one just gives me a headache.Spend time setting up a strat, set your players up for easier rolls...and watch the other team just sprint by you as you continiously fail rolls....this is not a joke."
,Not Recommended,236690,18159348,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,If U Seek Amy,CE is better
76561198005113415,Not Recommended,236690,18207570,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Misima,"The game is good. But multiplayer sucks. I dont know what wrong with developers maybe they are braindamaged, but matchmaiking is stupid. Why as a noobie Im playing against pro team I dont understand."
76561198059872040,Not Recommended,236690,30820908,Posted: 29 March,all,Pooty84,"i have never ever written a review before this.  I am a fan of WH and many of its games.  I am not a at all knowledgeable of the programming it takes for cpu games, I simply like to play them.  Well, the programming of this game is stupid.  I love the games graphics, atmosphere, and everything you can tell the creators put into the game to make it authentic.  The problem....Im not much of a multiplayer gamer, I like to play mostly against cpu when coming to games primarily setup for multiplayer use.  The CPU in this game  as far as ,and I am  guessing the term ,  ""balance""  is horrible.  If the cpu needs to get a certain roll to do a certain thing in order to prevent you from winning, it will with out a doubt.  If you need a roll to do a certain thing in order to win, or even score, you will not without a doubt.  Make what could of been a good cross over of a really fun game in to something very aggrevating.I am not ""bad"" or ""whinning"".  I once had a guy 2 MP from scoring.  The cpu brought a guy,  breaking 3 ""blocks"" ; moving 2 more spaces than his allow MP, and sucessfully attack my guy with the ball.  Wait, not done, he catches the ball mid air for an interception.  Every possible success  of those actions is supposed to be ""roll"".  Sure that sounds great and possible, but I believe even if you could do the math, it is highly unlikely to get 6 succesful ""rolls"" in a roll considering just the chance part not any of the applicable modifiers."
,Not Recommended,236690,18186842,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Rutgerlele,To expensive for what you get and it the games are too long so they get boring ;$
,Not Recommended,236690,31754415,Posted: 14 May,all,PIllIrium,"Игра, несомненно, подойдет исключительно фанатам вселенной и только. Лично меня заинтересовал сеттинг, но вселенной Warhammer я не знаток, поэтому многое для меня остается тайной.Игру яне рекоммендуюлюдям ""горящим"" (гореть от несправедливости и невозможности немедленно исправить свою ошибку будет часто).Зато игра подходит для игры с друзьями.Из плюсов - графен, сеттинг, оригинальность (не много похожих игр можно найти на просторах steam'a), фан (если вы, опять же, играете с друзьями).Из минусов - я их не нашел, если оценивать обьективно (но я и не так уж много времени на нее потратил, если честно); но игра мне не понравилась именно из-за того, что там все происходит пошагово и крайне рандомно ( это одновременно и фишка и минус )."
,Not Recommended,236690,33459448,Posted: 11 July,all,COOL DUDE!,I love bloodbowl but I also hate it.
,Not Recommended,236690,18177780,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,waffles,console portbarebonesnot many teamsoverpriced day 1 dlc
76561198165288051,Not Recommended,236690,24292458,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jaggerjaw™,not the game the add said it was
76561198000260669,Not Recommended,236690,18180077,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,tylerisme64,"you would think they would have learned from their mistakes but they didnt. the game is still so unfair its broken, it isnt fun when the game purposefully makes you lose unless you like losing. dont buy this."
76561198009876564,Not Recommended,236690,34804985,Posted: 7 September,all,Kit the Kat,I was looking forward to this but it was not a big enough leap from BB1 AND After all my loyalty and patience I GET MORE PAID F******* DLC WHAT IS THIS CIV VI????- HEy guys not buying your next game or any games made by this BS DEV> EVER AGAIN
76561198007227242,Not Recommended,236690,24551045,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BigBadYoda,"I love Blood Bowl, but I cannot recommend this game in good conscience.It is a dumbed down, stripped to the bones version of BB1 with a lot of fluff and glitter.Good:- Nice presentation- Nice commentaryBad:- Ridiculous excuse of a single player campaign. To me this is a multiplayer-only game with a fake-pretend single player mode- Why not include all races from the Chaos Edition? Of right, DLC. Shame on you for trying- AI still dice cheats. Improve AI and you do not need this drek.All in all a perfect example that presentation is not everything. Buy BB1 Chaos Edition."
76561197960699107,Not Recommended,236690,24542699,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Whakapapa,"I went into this game coming from BB:TM (a boardgame) and hoped I could get some interesting games going with heavy team building, but this seems like a game where most of the time is in the matches and the rng there just isn't for me. I dislike wasting an entire turn because my player failed to pick up a ball.I'm sure if you're down to playing long matches, limited team building and like punishing rng rolls, then this game could be really fun. Just isn't for me.I tried the campaign but got bored of playing the match before it finished, then I tried making my own team and got bored playing that. The failing of rng is too severe - and I know you can get stuff to reroll failed attempts, but... the matches are still too long and that's not what I was looking for."
76561198074448924,Not Recommended,236690,34860937,Posted: 10 September,all,Parzival,"Game is not fun, announcers are annoying and controls are poor"
76561198073683062,Not Recommended,236690,21155272,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,adania26,"Why did they cut out women?  I had lots of fun playing blood bowl 1, even though there were very few female characters.  But now the wardancers are suddenly male in blood bowl 2??  And I can't even make an Amazon team."
,Not Recommended,236690,30162907,Posted: 25 February,all,Traficadeiro de Smilhas,.
76561197977504506,Not Recommended,236690,33387529,Posted: 8 July,all,Saku_Zhi,"RNG is still broken, no reason to purchase."
76561198044122789,Recommended,236690,22989489,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,RB_Rainbow_Legged_Elk,Great game v/ enjoyable
76561197997809251,Not Recommended,236690,34830021,Posted: 8 September,all,vidanovicd,Dont buy this game. It does not work. I stuck with resolution problems on very first screen. You cannot select controls or do anything. Game is unplayable. I want refund.
,Not Recommended,236690,20888404,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Deadushka,"2 boring and weird moments of all game:you rising your characters, pays attention to their skills and stats, put tons of time into the game, but as result after 8-10 games all your team will left you, so if you palyed over 1 week to create ""dream team"", just forget about it and start once again! This is so stupid to permament lose you team characters because of ""years"" that they spent in game and than start again with noob no skilled players at your league. Second stupid thing is rent for star players, that cannot be lvl'ed but can be hired only for 1 game...If you like to create every day NEW team, just because stupid developers wants it - this game is for you.По русски - в игре есть огромный минус, это ""возраст"" персонажей. По факту, чаще всего, после 8 игр вы теряете почти всю команду, так как игроки уходят на ""пенсию"". Это невероятно раздражает, когда ты только прокачал игрока и взял ему нужное умение, персонаж покидает команду навсегда (а получить умения после долгих часов пота над игрой просто так не дадут - ввиду рандома идиотского на кубики). Мало того, что персонад может анвсегда рандомно быть травмирован и потерять часть статов переходя в разряд изгоев, или умереть прямо на поле, то ещё и эта идотская система ""сезонности"" 8-10 игр против ботов или реальных игроков и всё, начинай игру заново. Если вам по вкусу такой ""спортивный реализм"", то игра для вас."
,Not Recommended,236690,34777444,Posted: 6 September,all,HeliumFreak,"I have 654 hours logged on the first Blood Bowl, i love it.So i was hoping to get the same experience or better from this game.Unfortunalty i wouldnt know because i never managed to find a game!So i got a refund from steam."
76561198126212050,Not Recommended,236690,35235789,Posted: 26 September,all,ejhaskel,"It seems like all dice games are programmed to give the computer an advantage.  This would be a perfect example.  There are way too many times where you can't do anything right while your opponent steadily makes his way up the field, dodging your trips, tackling your players left and right, and making every pass.  This is a game where you can't afford mistakes, but if you can make a mistake, you will.  An RNG where the numbers are generated to help the CPU and hinder you.  If you're looking for a game to test your patience then give this a try, but if you're looking for something casual that you can play for fun, look somewhere else.  This is not worth the investment."
76561198086828571,Not Recommended,236690,21640207,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Queefasarus,Nope
76561197984771375,Not Recommended,236690,25626620,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GrimReaper,"I'm not a football fan, but the game looked like fun so i gave it a try. I should have listened to the reviews, it sucks....Edit 9-25-16Apparently people think i'm being too vague, so im here to clear up the confusion. This game has major flaws that ruins the gameplay. These include the turn based system and ""combat"" between the players. Winning a game is almost impossible unless you devote hours into the game which I don't intend to do."
76561198068968855,Not Recommended,236690,30135085,Posted: 23 February,all,JyCS,"Like 95% of recent games :This game contain satanist sect propaganda, do not support it.The ""cabbale"" is the principal and mondialist satanic sect, they r*pe and burn alives childs in ritual sacrifices in the real world.This is not the only concerned video-game, video-game are a lot to be infused by this propaganda, video-games are ideal for them to manipulate mass people that bellongs to all possibles niches, and thus make them gradually accept satanism as well as their practices. It actualy work enough to make you dislike this evualuation, in dispite of the risk if is it true, and facts demonstrated in many books and on the web.Ce jeu contient de la propagande sataniste, ne le soutenez pas.La ""cabbale"" est la secte sataniste principale et mondialiste, ils violent et brûlent vifs des enfants lors de rituels satanistes dans le monde réel.Ce n'est pas le seul jeu concerné, les jeux-vidéos sont nombreux à être infusés par cette propagande, les jeux-vidéos sont idéaux pour eux pour manipuler les gens appartenant à toutes les niches, et ainsi leur faire progressivement accepter le satanisme ainsi que leurs pratiques. Cela fonctionne actuallement suffisament pour vous faire désapprouver cette évaluation, en dépit des risques que cela puisse être vrai, et des faits démontrés dans de nombreux livres et sur le web."
76561198022437593,Not Recommended,236690,34895576,Posted: 11 September,all,PillFreak,Do not buy this game unless you are aware of the fact that every time you fail an rng roll it will automatically end your turn and the ai will be able to more easily score against you. If you hate RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t do not buy this game.Edit: Just played a game where I lost because i spent 5 rounds trying to pick up the ball and losing the RNG roll everytime. Would never recommend this game to anyone.
76561198060741401,Not Recommended,236690,22755615,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kaptain Tripps,Game breaking bugs that they have apparently fixed for the multiplayer game but still haven't fixed for the campaign. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,236690,33776275,Posted: 24 July,all,Mojiinx,"Game is good, but only worth it on sale. Way too RNG based with very little player skill involved. For instance, I just lost a game because my player failed to pick up a ball 5 times in a row. Graphics are good and commentators are funny.Don't pick it up if it's not on sale."
76561198020660448,Not Recommended,236690,32267084,Posted: 8 June,all,Rhoklaw,"This game would be great if the RNG was more RNG during solo play. I don't know why I would ever expect a computer game with RNG for dice rolls to ever be even remotely accurate or fair. In one season of 9 games, I barely managed to win 5 simply because of strategic game play. Then I lost 3 games to ungodly dice rolls. I'm talking about a triple dice roll fail that ended up being a push by a frenzy player who followed up with 3 skull dice. I used a reroll and got 3 skull dice again? Yeah. Let's be honest, there's no chance in hell of that ever happening. I'm sure the game is designed to be more challenging than the RNG factor of dice rolls. To add salt to the misery of dice rolls, they make it so computer teams rarely trip when leaving tackles zones. I'm talking like a 10% chance when it should be 50-66% chance. Last but not least, the teams that kicked my butt were getting constant OP dice rolls. Why even pretend that your game is RNG when it's not? At least not against computer players, lol."
76561198066937627,Not Recommended,236690,30112655,Posted: 22 February,all,Finkle,Frustratingly difficult for someone new to the series.  Completely unforgiving and frankly not much fun.
76561198025199884,Not Recommended,236690,26042506,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bomage Minimart,"Yawn.Incredibly slow moving game, even for a turb-based stratgy game.   Seems like it was made as an excuse for the cut scenes, and that's NEVER going to be  a good idea.I picked this up on sale for $6 and I still feel like I got ripped off."
,Not Recommended,236690,34986455,Posted: 15 September,all,ib2grh8,make a good ♥♥♥♥ing game or give a ♥♥♥♥ing tutorialdont get even if free
76561198077587456,Not Recommended,236690,28503344,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Echelon_4,I literally yelled in rage at this game
76561198044886261,Not Recommended,236690,34276601,Posted: 16 August,all,lukedaber,Just comes down to luck. The dlc is a rip off too.
76561198118404449,Not Recommended,236690,25773319,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Talbadar Jr,"Do not buy this game on steam, or at all really. The gameplay i guess is okay, but the rng is horrible. Plus this game is way overpriced on steam and they will not refund you. i played 2 matches in this game about 30 minutes each, but when opening the game it had to configure for a hour so i accidently went over the allowed time to play for a refund by 30 mins and they denied by refund 4 times. Do not buy trust me, just buy a console version for 20 bucks"
76561197970775089,Not Recommended,236690,34277803,Posted: 16 August,all,Dark,"The rng in this game will make you feel like you are playing on a seedy casino hosted in Russia.Yes this game make take some skill to play but it will allways come down to a skillless dice roll.Its not chess its not even checkers, Its rng ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t .Why try and get good at a game so heavily based on rng? Its like saying im going to master roulette.So even when you make a skilled play. like betting all your money on 0 for it to come in on roulette, does that make you a skilled player or just lucky.This game is pretty much gambling.Its like you have to play the perfect game of blackjack to have the lowest house edge against you. But its still gambling and very little skill required if the dice roll your way."
76561198040640620,Not Recommended,236690,26019039,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jcob,This game is not about the skills but about luck in dice and procentage. Its actually almost full random. Which means quite frustrating.
76561198091134289,Not Recommended,236690,30154524,Posted: 24 February,all,BambooYou,i like big butts and i cannot lie.
76561198069644636,Not Recommended,236690,25927963,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Spawnie,"I bought this game on release (or before? I remember I had Lizardmen back then which I don't have now). After playing just  an hour, I got a refund because the dice-rolls were so off it's just not funny.Recently I got this game in a bundle at ~75% OFF and that's the only pricetag I would start to recommend it to casual players.I'm not a big review-writer, so only one example which frustrates me the most:- Picking up the ballLike seriously, it shouldn't be that hard to pick up a ball as the thrower which is right besides you (after kick-off). I only logged the last 8 trys and (including re-rolls) I managed to pick up the ball 1 single time while the chance was always at 67%. Like a lot of others have written already, the odds/dice are way off because the AI lacks the I(ntelligence).It's fun to watch the short scenes which are pretty brutal to me since I'm more the strategy type of gamer (Paradox titles mostly) but that's it already. I might play it every now and then when I need a rest from real strategy games because it doesn't involve much brain to play since strategy isn't helping you much anyway when the next roll is off again."
,Not Recommended,236690,26376908,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mike,Disappointingly straight clone of the boardgame with little to no single-player options other than a stupidly simple tutorial.
76561197970659529,Not Recommended,236690,26325706,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cube,"Having looked at this game on the market for over 6 months and seeing it was reduced for Halloween I thought I thought hey why not.Well that was a mistake, RNG is massively sided when playing against the AI, I think I'm missing the numbers 4-6 on my dice, yet the AI doesn't appear to have any number less than 4.Having spent an entire 2nd match on the campaign retrying after 4th dodgy roll, I think I'm now on my 6th restart, does the game nto want the human player to win any rolls?"
76561198025971614,Not Recommended,236690,34787784,Posted: 6 September,all,tranderson99,"What can I say but this game cheats, plan and simple it just cheats. The option settings make no differents at all, this game will screw you on all settings. I have made at least 9 different teams and the results against the AI are always the same, you will roll double skulls at least 3-4 times a game and the AI never will. You will get injurted at least one a game and the AI wont. You get KOed,stunned on most plays and can do nothing but sit and watch as you slowly run out of players. I went a chaso team and was injured 4 times by a woodelf team, I mean come on! The game would be fun if it would just give you a chance. Forget about loose balls on the ground you wont be able to pick them up and dodge attempts fail just about everytime. I have the other versions of bloodbowl and love them, this one will sadly stay unplayed unless they do something about the AI balance."
76561198010264883,Not Recommended,236690,33608825,Posted: 17 July,all,DestroXV,"This game is horrendously unbalanced.The AI recieves MASSIVE LUCK ADVANTAGES and will chain Knockdown roll, after Knockdown Roll, after Escape Tackle while your merry band who you really want to get into the game are stuck there like a bunch of mupppets. You wont be able to build a play because the second you try to move from a mark - TURNOVER - the second you try to open a gap - TURNOVER. TURNOVER, TURNOVER, TURNOVER.... ♥♥♥♥ing ........yawn.Purists will 'claim'' thats what makes it balanced. I say that the campaign is a huge amount of fun UNTIL THEY ADD BLOODY TURNOVER and it all grinds to a halt and the AI marks all your players, knockdowns all your players, escapes tackels all your players. NOT A DAMN THING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT EITHER.Either AI rolls need to be balanced, nerfed, whatever, or there needs to be an option to play without Turnover rule (its literally already in the game so not the worlds hardest coding!). Clearly, more dev budget went into look and feel with gfx and animations, than dd on actual mechanics and user experience.Chalk this one up as yet another GW flop. Keep trying GW. You're adorable in your ignorance.EDIT: Totally unplayable in SP, unless you're a masochist or something. AVOID AT ALL COSTS."
,Not Recommended,236690,24001785,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,n0hbuddy^w^,"not really funim not a fan of turn based games, though i do like football, so i thought id give it ago and it turned out to be something that d&d would have done to football. something im not really happy with getting"
,Not Recommended,236690,29617154,Posted: 31 January,all,'',Funny commentary but the actual game play feels very unrewarding and generally it's a boring game in my opinon
,Not Recommended,236690,34642429,Posted: 31 August,all,drunik,"I can't choose a recommendation.   If you wanted to play the tabletop Blood Bowl but can't afford the price, then this is a good game for that.  But if you can't handle the constant cheating from the A.I., then this is a horrible game.  Too often I will roll a 1 on a 2+,  Too often I will get double skulls and double pushes, while the computer consistantly gets at least a knock down in most situations.  I haven't played against people, just the A.I. and it is constantly cheating me especially when I have the better stat team."
,Recommended,236690,18172688,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,SamBC,"This is a tentative, on balance, I guess I recommend it.What it does, it does well. True, there aren't many teams yet, and we'll have to pay for them later - but still a lot cheaper than getting them all as miniatures, never mind painting them. The graphics are terribly pretty.The 'campaign' mode seems to be an extended tutorial, as far as I can tell, which for a BB vet is frustrating - but I'm not sure it has enough pointers to be useful for a novice. As far as I persisted with it, you get a series of matches linked by story, with the rules of the game being introduced a bit at a time - the earlier matches have most things work automatically, for instance, and gradually fewer things work automatically. You also get no SPP, up to the point I gave up at.I've not tried the MP yet, so can't comment on that.Playing SP leagues, however, works mostly better than the previous Cyanide BB games. I would say I like it, certainly. The AI seems slightly cleverer than BB:CE, though still does some really silly things (why try and pick up the ball when you literally cannot score a touchdown before the end of the half? Why not just pummel me in the hope of KOs/injuries?).Oh, and having turn timers in SP. That's kinda annoying.My biggest gripe, actually, is that after all the fuss of adding the ability to not use skills when you chose to BB1, that feature seems to be absent. If anyone knows how to do it, please tell me."
76561197965279836,Not Recommended,236690,23815425,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Badbob74,this is the ♥♥♥♥iest game ever created
76561198051895840,Not Recommended,236690,33988102,Posted: 3 August,all,wingman567,"♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that think they can just take more and more ♥♥♥♥ing money for us, dont buy this game, it's crap."
76561198025843848,Not Recommended,236690,30245032,Posted: 28 February,all,Tmaista,The game is only decided by dice. Play ludo instead Its more social.
76561197999405278,Not Recommended,236690,18178985,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mittzu,"tot it was a football game, dang"
,Not Recommended,236690,29260487,Posted: 14 January,all,sburdett25,too hard
,Recommended,236690,23050715,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Eizo,.
,Not Recommended,236690,21010506,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dumbass The Elephant,"Alright..uhhh...where do I even start?  Oh, wait...I know.  Where's Thrall?!Draenei, Blood Elves, Gnomes, Goblins, Pandarians?!?!   Where are they?!Not a single mention of The Emerald Dream.Honestly, what the ♥♥♥♥?"
76561197972684542,Not Recommended,236690,26532099,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MAGA MAN,you really gota like chess to play this game
76561198145841354,Not Recommended,236690,34840969,Posted: 9 September,all,Heisenburger,Nope.
76561197982508138,Not Recommended,236690,32587344,Posted: 20 June,all,Jeff,All depence on your luck. This is not a sport game or strategy game. This is a poker game. This game just not so good as I think.
76561198210440215,Not Recommended,236690,31872438,Posted: 20 May,all,dylantheprofessional,"So boring..... Very very boring. It was fun for the first 30 min. After that I lost all interest, very repetitive."
76561198054559426,Not Recommended,236690,34815772,Posted: 8 September,all,Traveler,not playable on mac
,Not Recommended,236690,29384238,Posted: 20 January,all,2helix4u,Mate killed my guy even though it was so not likely for him to do so. 0/10Also its worse than BB1 at actually playing blood bowl.Nobody buy this game it'll kill your Saurus.
76561198146132111,Not Recommended,236690,26408330,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,bigrm32,game sucked.
76561197985968771,Not Recommended,236690,29562465,Posted: 29 January,all,Cybernoodle,"Very poorly made, never optimized.For a simple game like this to not optimize is a crime. Dev's should be sued.Guess they don't care abusing the franchise for a quick buck.Graphics are under par as well. More ps3-gen than 2016-gen.OMG that rng, ... I remember a time, called the golden era of gaming, where rng was taboo,.. plebs ftw..anyways, if u've played the boardgame irl then u realize how different this pc version is dice-wise. I've never thrown 6 one's in a row irl, yet online....The 6 not included races u must buy is an insult. Wouldn't have bought the game if I had known beforehand. U took (stole) the enjoyment of unlocking these racaes away,..... AND I payed u for this  >.<My advice, don't buy, This game was kept down for a reason. GREED"
76561198034383269,Not Recommended,236690,32169063,Posted: 3 June,all,Helwinter,When you implement a version of this game without utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dice rolling I'll continue to play
,Not Recommended,236690,30110727,Posted: 22 February,all,Foxy,Well it´s turn based so that makes it a lot worse and also the rules are realy unclear and confusing so yeah another refund even for the current 10 euro...
76561197985666580,Not Recommended,236690,18223430,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kappa,"The game is fun , because BB it's fun . Period. Unfortunately there are too few races. 80% of match are against Chaos Team and I think I'll quit for a while, waiting for the next DLC (Maybe)"
76561198054360481,Recommended,236690,18603208,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,wojt4ss,Good old blood bowl with new graphics... can't stop playing... addicted... I still can't believe that my orc catcher with +1 str and +1 agl died just one tile from scoring a touchdown... R.I.P...
,Recommended,236690,18592814,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Redemption,"I'm new to Blood Bowl, and I'm still learning, but I genuinely like this game and have fun playing it, you just have to understand the fact that the majority of important decisions and events in this game are determined by dice rolls, (which cause extreme frustration and also can cause extreme joy when it favors you) so you have limited actual control over some events.  Still fun though."
,Recommended,236690,18586384,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,› Betrayer,Skaven killed 2 of my Beastmen and a Chaos warrior in the same half.Nuffle hates me.Still better than real sports 10/10
76561198058459317,Recommended,236690,18579523,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,801-Hope,"I'm a huge fan of turn based strategy games, and Blood Bowl 2 has scratched my itch for something new, competitive, and complex."
76561198033460789,Recommended,236690,18659808,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,cantila1,"From the trailer of BB2 there was inducement cards and this was one of the major reasons I bought the game, because I really missed that fromBB1. Turns out it's not in the game at all (maybe in single player, haven't really tried it). That's a major disappointment, otherwise BB2 looks a lot better than BB1. But commands were easier to perform in the first game. Overall I like BB2 more though, just wish there wasn't the false advertising of inducement cards...."
76561197998346603,Not Recommended,236690,18176965,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gruulz,"I hope the devs will continue their work on that game. There's place to improvement.------ update ------I have to change my mind. Same old bugs, same old AI and random problem. No real campain. Graphic is not everything... sadly !"
76561198010104680,Not Recommended,236690,18541941,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hassael,14 x 1 in 16 rolls.. elfs evgerthink about this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,236690,18601546,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,deeps,"Rollplay as a coach have 4 of your team die on the pitch in your first game, the rest get hideus mutations and can no longer be loved. Leave your wife and family after spending your kids college funds on bribes. Fall into depression and reach out to chaos as a last effot. Get fouled by an elf. 10/10 Wouldnt coach again."
76561198006963921,Recommended,236690,18271502,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Feanor_EdD,"Just like good,old ""Blood Bowl""Great tactical strategy from GW."
,Recommended,236690,18860767,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DanDaMan,Awesome game and lots of fun. I like a lot of the improvements. I think it will be way better after some updates and expansions just like the first game was. This is a good step in the right direction!
76561198042103959,Recommended,236690,18860787,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Stripping Kiwi,This game is great in every aspect as far as i'm concerned and i'm loving every hour i spend on it. I always wanted to approach the blood bowl series but with bb:chaos edition i couldn't since it was not exactly newbie friendly.. so if you are a newcomer too this game is great and you should give it a try!!
,Recommended,236690,18863535,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,woodenphoenix,Its Blood Bowl! If you have never played Blood Bowl before its is a heartless hard game. I enjoy this game very much.
76561198030880262,Recommended,236690,18863668,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TheM,"Even though many hardcore fans disagree with me, I do like this game. The Obvious advandages are the better graphics and some other Minor things that everyone apreciates but doesn't say is enough to make this game good.The main argument here is that they changed the old Rules, sometimes to balance, sometimes to save resources. And they compare it to a game that was after release patched for 5 years ! (even though you had to pay like 15 Euros every two years when they released a new ""edition"".) I compare it to the first  Blood Bowl when it came out directly.And compared to that it is much better. The rule changes change the dynamics of the game, but for me change is good,as you have to adapt your strategies and so on. Their new DLC model for additional Teams is also good in my opinion.Instead of getting like 8 races every 2 years for 15 Euros, I can get them faster  so maybe 4 per year? They are moreexpensive if i want them imediatley, but if i wait for a sale they are probably cheaper in total. And I can decide not to buy the ones I am not interested in.So If you want a game that probably will still be playable in 5 Years, this is it.If you just want a short enternainment then better let it be. A match takes like 1,5 hours and you need to learn quite alotbefore being competitive, after all there are people who play the boardgame for like 20-30 years so..."
76561198065993527,Recommended,236690,18864897,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Asfirnal,"A general improvement over the original, while lacking in some of the features of it's predecessor (specifically certain aspects of the UI)  it has more than made  up for this by adding a fully fleshed-out campaign and a more efficient, if a little confusing at first, lobby system. While I'm a huge fan of the table-top and would suggest purchasing this outing into the genre, i'd also warn you to save your money and purchase it on sale if you're a not a fan."
76561198166024879,Recommended,236690,20865521,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Spikedpunchwolf,"All new interfaces, graphics, and look. A few new features have been added, some areas have been given more character. The two sports caster characters have more amusing lines, bits of humor are stuffed into ever corner and nook possible.Still same impossible statistics. There is no way that one can continue to roll so poorly while playing this game. How the heck can you keep rolling so many ""defender down"" in a row? This part still seems to be ""broken"" from the previous games.If you enjoy yelling at your monitor and threatening to punch it, this game is for you."
,Recommended,236690,18170415,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Nilja,"While graphically superior to BB1, the game is otherwise very lacking. There is no real campaign mode, only a glorified tutorial. There are lots of essential features missing, such as ingame chat lobbies, mouseover tool tips, grids, nameplates and optional use of certain skills, such as fend.Other things that would be nice are options to only play animations at injuries, not every stun/ko result, better league management and information, better ai that plays differently based on race and more lore tidbits.The game is very console-ish, which is understandable, but they still could add basic pc features to it.It's fun to play multiplayer, but not really more so than BB1, which I'll probably keep playing until bb2 is improved. I recommend getting it eventually, but not until it's on sale and have more than 8 (10 with DLC) races available. A complete edition in a year or so for 50-75% off would totally be worth it.Edit : Since I originally wrote this review, they've made a lot of improvements, and I feel the game is recommendable now. It's still not flawless by any means, but it's getting better. If you see it at a discount, buy it."
76561198166035708,Recommended,236690,21510572,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,BadRequest,"I've played a lot of tabletop Blood Bowl, so much so that I own 5 different teams. In comparisson this game is pretty great. The same rulings as previous games, unsurprisingly, but, unlike the previous games this one is severly lacking in the campaign section, as well as that I've recently experienced a bug that causes the game to crash before even loading up. I have finally fixed this by deleting and reinstalling the game for the third time. All in all this game is good, and looks beautiful, but in comparisson to the past games it is still just better graphics and one new race: 'The Brettonians'. If you're into the tabletop, or the past versions of this gamethis may still be worth picking up in the sales, especially woht the promise of 4 new teams, but if you're not experienced with Blood Bowl, I recommend you buy Chaos Edition first if you want to get into this game."
76561198125257331,Recommended,236690,18954779,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chuck The Cuck Slayah,Amazing Game were the races at though. No more issues.
76561197972027080,Recommended,236690,22246115,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ZombieGylvan,"Ok, now they have enough teams that it doesn't feel barren.  Now you can really enjoy the improvements to the interface and the rest of the game.  It just started with too few teams.  Its great now.  Very excited for Necromancy.  Great game now.  Will only get better with more teams."
,Recommended,236690,18642768,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Mirage,"An american football game, in the Warhammer setting, with all that that means. Chaos (both the race and the state of things), blood and death. Turn based like the table top game it's based on fits it well. Graphics are an improvement over the first game, and the commentator voice actors are good, especially Jim.The single player campaign is fun, and has a cool story.For multiplayer you basically pick a race to play, create the team and then get matched vs teams around your team rating. There's something for everyone. Orcs, Dwarfs, 2 Human teams (Empire and Breton), Lizardmen, 3 Elf teams (Dark Elves, Wood Elves and High Elves), Chaos and Skaven.Update: They are releasing four new teams within the next few months. Norse, Undead, Necromantic and Nurgle."
76561198008680084,Not Recommended,236690,25558711,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Jacob,"It is a fun concept and I enjoy the basic idea behind the game, but it needs a lot of help before I would recommend it. The game play is very clunky; moving the players us a total pain as is trying to play any ""specials"" of the players. The interface really needs work. The dice engine is ridiculous. Playing against an online player the dice rolls are not too bad because both sides get equally messed over. If you play against the AI it seems to very rarely miss a die roll no matter how ridiculous, and you will seemingly miss the majority of your dice rolls no matter how good the odds are for you. The player development is also very clunky."
76561197971969377,Recommended,236690,26121550,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CaptainColl,"Fun game but unexpected events tend to ruin your plans, very very random"
76561198006552670,Not Recommended,236690,18251315,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Shagrath,"*Disclaimer*I have no interest in multiplayer-leagues, so this review is about the singleplayer-mode only.Blood Bowl 2 has the potential to be a great game, but its major fault is that the RNG heavily favors the AI. Which was also the problem of Blood Bowl 1.As long as this isn't fixed, I cannot recommend this game, especially if you own any edition Blood Bowl 1.*Edit*Incredible, almost one year after release, and the AI still has ""the lucky dice""."
,Recommended,236690,23103346,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Victor_Vermis,"Chat works on Mac now. Wonky graphic reset thing seems to be fixed, too. Matchmaking has improved.Multiplayer league options leave a lot to be desired still, and there are a bunch of teams to be added yet.. but BB2 is pretty good. Grab it on sale if nothing else."
76561198068221819,Not Recommended,236690,18155343,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,masterpain96143,"Gets on to try new race:-Ball gets ""high kicked"" so i can move a player under it to catch it.-Fails, falls 3 squares away-Moves another player to the ball to pick it up off the ground-Fails, Ball falls 3 squares away... Turnover-An enemy player runs through my team dodging between 2 players, does 2 going for it roles (extra movement with a chance of falling), and then picks up the ball next to my player.-I run 2 players around him to surround him and get 3 roles, tackle him with the player that fumbled.-The 3 rolls are all skulls, he knocks down that player ...Turnover-The enemy runs through the other 2 players dodging both of them and gets a touchdown.TL;DR:The games RNG is extremely frustrating. The entire game really comes down to a few roles. Other than that it has a very light, simple strategy for running the ball. Simple things in any football game like passing the ball, handing the ball off, or even picking up the ball off the ground, are nearly impossible with a new team. This makes setting up plays impossible and not worth it. (Which is really all the fun of strategy games.)"
76561198023507159,Not Recommended,236690,18155789,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This is a great game killed  by bad pricing.The graphics upgrade is nice, but not worth the cost or bother of climbing paywalls and buying overpriced DLC portioned out in meager servings.I want to buy Blood Bowl....not stock in Cyanide."
76561197971306250,Recommended,236690,27531432,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Edwin Holmes,"Great adaptation of the board game, while not without little niggles is great fun and one that I keep coming back to.  Wilst is's maybe a bit pricy at full whack I wouldn't hesitate to recommend grabbing this one in a sale if you're into strategy games."
,Recommended,236690,27483858,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ReZu,"One of the best ""sports"" games there are, probably the best."
76561198024852605,Recommended,236690,27349770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stagmummer,Best game ever .You like fantasy? you like football? you like spaghetti? Im Hungry
,Recommended,236690,27452518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jarmanien,"A lot of fun. Steep learning curve, very salt inducing and RNG-heavy but that's what this game is about"
76561198059791795,Recommended,236690,27417773,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Basherman34,Double Skullz is life
76561198107370827,Recommended,236690,28013493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ur mudda,"Frustrating RNG, but alot of fun. Base game is definitely worth its price when heavily discounted, DLC is meh."
,Recommended,236690,28188326,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,RedWormCharlie,I really like the version of Blood Bowl. Upgrading units is neat until you lose one to death so always keep an apothecary handy. The solo league mode is very challenging.  It's a bit pricey for the game plus all the dlc but if you get it on sale it's worth it.
76561198341988831,Recommended,236690,28165063,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,19damonw,"Even if you arn't a football (amarcan ver) fan, you can still have a fun time with this game. The DLC teams  may be costly, but with my time of playing the netromactic team they can become one hell of a strong team once your players level up. You can level up players with online or souwl leage members, (I whold recumend starting with a souwl leage due to from what I can tell the game always starts with unleved teams and you can once you level up a player.)"
76561198016380333,Recommended,236690,28197164,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,zarst,"Great way to spend a few hours of time.  Every time you hit someone in game I can't wait to see if I pass their armor and hurt them badly. Definetly not a younger kid game, due to the violent and darker tone of Blood Bowl, Teens may the humour and violence fun for group of freinds to setup a league and pound each other for a while.For those who are looking for a hobby but can't get to a astore to play people the online Blood bowl features are a great alternative to the table top version."
76561198106847508,Recommended,236690,27402324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hugo Stiglitz,Fun Game
76561198048735622,Recommended,236690,27404318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Genogadefalls,I love this Game. It is the best game Period!With blood bowl getting a relaunch and this is the perfect time to get the game and brush up on some rules.Iff you dont get it youy may be in for Nuffle's Kiss.
,Recommended,236690,27259663,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,starflowermoonbird,"Boy do I love and hate this game. Its a very fun time, but much like XCOM, sometimes the RNG makes me want to die. Would buy though"
,Recommended,236690,25452275,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,tombee,"Really enjoying Blood Bowl 2. I wasn't impressed with it at first, felt like the game's outcome was too dependent upon getting lucky with the dice rolls. After spending some time watching some guides on the Blood Bowl game itself, I'm finding the game way more enjoyable.  I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,236690,25453114,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sam,"i really enjoy this game. It can be fustrating at times, but thats by design. Very fun to play with friends."
76561197981422860,Recommended,236690,25513930,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Serlo,Awesome Bloodbowl goodness!  Like the Bloodbowl boardgame or the Games Workshop IP?   Then you'll like this.   Best with a group of friends to play with though.
76561198045846086,Recommended,236690,25521611,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,AI Philosophy,"I think that Blood Bowl 2 is undoubtably a fun and interesting game. Something about it just makes you want to come back for more, no matter how many times you rage quit from double skull rolls. Blood Bowl 2 is one of the few sports games to ever have a decent storyline and fun gameplay. My experience with the online community has been pleasant in most cases. In short, this game deserves a positive review."
76561198059414028,Recommended,236690,26248606,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DaWabbit91,"Great game , lots of fun , yes there is alot to the luck aspect and this game will hurt you in the feels , but it is a great and unforgiving stradegy game . I am not too fond of the multiplayer in this game , match making takes far too long for it to be worth even playing especially since most people are either unfriendly elitists or sore losing game quitters so if you want this game for the multiplayer aspect do not get it , seriously . If your good with building teams and player ai by yourself though definitly get it"
76561198016170106,Recommended,236690,26755086,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,hiszpan-ino,"Every game I play, every block I made, every dice I fail, I'll be enjoying you.This game is one of a kind. When I first play it I want to put my fist in the screen, turn it off and never want to play it again. But I give it another try.. with similiar result. After loads of another tries I started to understand that this game is great. Live in blood bowl is short so you must make opponent team members lives shorter, ..and eventualy do a touchdown. Don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the balance of teams. It's good becauce of diversity of races and possible strategies. Each match is uniqe and epic and I'm waiting for next races to come out."
76561198060153889,Recommended,236690,18283999,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Notorious,"Firstly, let me say that I love this game, even with it's buggy RNG, game crashes forcing you to lose and other glitches that people have pointed out already.Or at least, let me say, I love what this game COULD be.The most game breaking bug is with the ""Random"" Number Generation which dice rolls are based on.  If you play as it is now, you will lose even if you have made all the right plays and calculations simply because the game gets ""hung up"" on rolling failures while the opposing team RNG is ""stuck"" rolling successes.As long as you don't mind losing a game that you by all accounts should have easily won, you'll have fun.But if you expect the game's RNG to be accurate and reflect true statistical probability, you will probably kill yourself if you try playing it.TL;DRThere is fun to be had with Blood Bowl 2, but the game's RNG is significantly broken.  Play at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,236690,18180161,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Squiggly Wiggly,New Races  WE DONT NEED THAT TOTALLY RIP
76561197978737651,Recommended,236690,18229716,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,okoM,Stupid lizard kills my best blitzerGot grim reaper achievement10/10
,Recommended,236690,27066180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SergeantChief,"After finishing the campaign and starting to manage my team i can say this game is pretty fun and interesting.Oh and be ready for some unexpected and really lucky (and really really unlucky...) plays to happen,it's all up to the dice roll and Nuffle."
,Recommended,236690,26099608,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Gorgak,Best adaptation of the tabletop classic. It just needs more ogres and goblins.
76561198002903311,Recommended,236690,30130863,Posted: 23 February,all,netgeez,"Bought this on sale, and announcers Jim and Bob are almost worth the price of admission by themselves. If you've played the first game most of the mechanics are unchanged. Lots of fun especially if you're a fan of the first game or boardgame."
76561198163824357,Recommended,236690,33037756,Posted: 30 June,all,Draco,For people who love strategy and do not mind losing to really bad luck.feels really good when you win and you can blame RNG if you lose so win win
76561198097600764,Recommended,236690,32301870,Posted: 9 June,all,Lupus Vladimir,"Fun, interesting game but...how hard is it to make a good save system? I don't wanna have to save & quit the entire game EVERY TIME I want to load a moment or restart an attempt like one would with say XCOM.Let's just say, if you think XCOM: Enemy Unknown was punishing, this is torment...but still somewhat fun."
76561198035631449,Recommended,236690,32893140,Posted: 27 June,all,The_Avrowolf,"If you like Football, Yahtzee, Football, Fantasy, and more Football, you'll love this game"
76561198128195580,Recommended,236690,18148431,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Shooby,"After more teams were added, this game is beginning to grow on me.Recommended for bloodbowl fans"
76561197989942070,Not Recommended,236690,33251930,Posted: 4 July,all,Pandarama,"I want to love this game, the graphics are great, it has a good selection of teams but I just can't and it's due to the (Long string of deleted expletives) Random number generator that gives the dice rolls.  It seems to be predisposed to penalise the player.  After conferring with my friends who own this game this is not a isolated incident.  Short of a major patch to sort this I cannot bring myself to recommend this especially with the realise of the tabletop version of the game by the IP owners Games workshop.  Save your money.  The rage isn't worth the fun."
,Recommended,236690,33330970,Posted: 6 July,all,[AiF] I am Seancho,As a long time Blood Bowl player this game hits all the right spots. from the tactics to the hits it brings a smile to my face. the DLC teams a nice touch allowing you not have to buy a team if you dont want it. Give the game a try and you'll enjoy it!
76561197994787798,Recommended,236690,33177986,Posted: 3 July,all,Flying Tragedy,Not even three hours in and I'm 100% in love with this game. Totally recommend giving it a try.
,Recommended,236690,33165636,Posted: 2 July,all,beardEd,American football in the Warhammer universe with lots of MURDER.It's quite good.
76561198015135699,Recommended,236690,33088104,Posted: 1 July,all,Gambier,Fun Game. But that Pay Modle is cancer. Get it on sale
76561198394847567,Recommended,236690,33068393,Posted: 30 June,all,bryanlfarris,"turn based game, with some dice luck, and plenty of fluff"
,Recommended,236690,33868708,Posted: 28 July,all,pokket,"To begin Blood Bowl is a tactical turn-based game. Think of it sort of like american football Xcom set in the Warhammer universe. You'll be cursing Nuffle when you roll double skulls, and praising him when you pull off some crazy plays. Players earn Star Player Points for doing different actions (basically XP) and you level them up and give them skills. And then you watch them lose -1 in attributes or even die.For anyone wanting to get into Blood Bowl BB2 is pretty approachable, at least in comparison to the first game. The UI is a lot better than the first game's. The base game's campaign with the Reikland Reavers is okay I guess. It has some gimmicky stuff I don't really care for, and it introduces mechanics here and there as you go along which I guess is easier? I learned by just doing standard games so I can't really comment. Either way you can do single-player leagues if you're nervous about online matches. And there's cKnoor on youtube / twitch who does videos, sites like fumbbl and bbtactics, and the community here on steam has guides and are generally pretty helpful.As far as my thoughts on BB2 itself I think it's solid. I played BB1 but waited on BB2. It wasn't doing the teams as dlc that bothered me, but doing day 1 dlc of either Wood Elves or Lizardmen was crap. And seeing BB2 be played it did have a bit of a rocky start. Still, it's a good game. The UI itself is really nice compared to BB1. Numbers on tackle zones, dodge percentages, etc., are all great to have. And with Legendary coming out soon it's a definite recommendation from me. If you're reading this at the time Legendary is still up for pre-order you do get instant access to the base game and dlc while you wait for the teams and features Legendary will bring. For 45 USD, or 40 at the time of the pre-order discount which is what I paid, it's a good deal. Even more so on sale. And if you're just new BB2 Legendary is a nice entry point. There's no reason to get the base game only now.Pro-tip: press ctrl for turning on player names and skill icons. And press c for changing the camera.Now I just gotta wait on my favorite team, the Amazons, to come in Legendary Edition and I'm good to go."
76561198053962520,Recommended,236690,33901978,Posted: 30 July,all,j_kahlke,"Only positives improvements on Blood Bowl I, especially regarding graphics. Still has quite optimised the AI to challenge even modestly experienced players.The ""speed up"" function from the iPad version of BB1 could be a nice improvement. Also the prices and selection of extra teams is a bit of a drawback."
,Recommended,236690,33894053,Posted: 29 July,all,Roland Rat Superstar,it's a pretty good game
76561198260788861,Recommended,236690,33915157,Posted: 30 July,all,demons roam,"As a fan of Madden and of warhammer style gaming, this game captures both of those and has created the ultimate turn-based, skull crushing, tactical game. If you like football games, its got you covered. If you like turn-based games, its got you covered. This game was put togther so well its awsome to see what Games Workshop can do! I highly recommend this game! 10 out of 10 for me."
76561198035703918,Recommended,236690,24266125,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BAREBEAR,"a love hate relationship, on the same level of RNG as poker."
76561198026625061,Recommended,236690,33971225,Posted: 2 August,all,Khanthiilas,"A true to form adaptation of a beloved tabletop strategy game from Games Workshop, i highly recommned it and if your in or around Aus/NZ then look me and my friends up for a game at the BBLANZ group"
,Recommended,236690,34028987,Posted: 4 August,all,NISPARTAN31,"This game absolutely amazing. I spent hundreds of hours on it on XBOX, when i was a console scrub... And i spent hundreds on PC. I purchased the tabletop version as well, and if you do so, you get a code to recieve BB2 half off, and two new balls and a jersy for each race. I played this game in the beta and recieved a lot of DLC for free, and I have spent money on purchasing the DLC i didn't get for free. Absolutely amazing game, and I have only one regret from purchasing it. I can't stop. There is a race for any playstle, and each come with their own challenges. You will love or hate the dice, but at the end of the day you will come crawling back to see if you can win one more game. 11/10 would spend over $200 purchasing Tabletop version and PC version of BloodBowl again. Praise Nuffle!"
76561198342866919,Recommended,236690,34139467,Posted: 9 August,all,stubbylegz,bb2 is a fun game for a select crowd. if yout into this kinda thing give it a go. the delvelopers are kinda money hundry tho. the console versions of the game are dead. they need to make the game cross platform for the console versions to continue.
76561198007455661,Recommended,236690,34143341,Posted: 10 August,all,Potatoheed,"Starting with the TLDR version...I love the game and am growing to like it more as I play it more!More specifically, first the bad...- lots of lack of completeness to many parts. This list? The stadiums are all full of exactly the same audience of humans and a random Orc. Push someone off the pitch and they are beaten up by the same 3 humans. The cheerleaders are an army of plastic, poorly animated humans. You will get annoyed by the announcer comments during the match. Each position/race has one block animation which will get boring quickly....But... These are all non game-affecting niggles.- the campaign is an over-long tutorial. It is really pretty boring - but it does try to explain all the intricacies of the game (and there are many!)- The game is absolutely designed as multiplayer. This is where it shines.The AI in single player is ok and makes you feel good about winning games, after a few matches it does get predictable... But...- There are many great routes to enjoy the multiplayer aspect. The private leagues are great to run and very configurable (not intuitive to set up, but then works well).- The Cyanide Open Ladder (COL) is easy to join, match-making is pretty quick with opponents chosen close in ""maturity"" to yours and the players (at least those I have encountered) were nice, fun and fair and I have had a blast!- I have not joined a public league so cannot really comment, but it looks similar to the private leagues but with more players and a more regular game time (eg committing to a match a week).- Races are being added regularly - there are already a very good selection and although as DLC they are expensive (at full price...), those released after you buy the game are free (at least for the first 4 after original game release). The races offer good variation of tactics and all are good if played to their strengths.- You cannot save matches during the game. This means you have to commit to a whole match and I am sure is a reason for some concede results and in Multiplayer with no way to pause, can cause difficulties (a match can take between 30-60 mins)- The game itself is very well presented, the interface is clear, smooth and informative.  It does not hide from being a dice game at its core and that is also fine - dice are rolled in front of you.- Sometimes it feels like rolls are rigged against you, but this is not the case! (And can't be if everyone feels ""done over"" by bad luck even in the same game!). The reality is that this is a game about managing risk and making too many rolls increases the risk of failing rolls.- Player graphics are great, not particularly varied between players, which is a shame, but that would only make the loss of a highly customised player even more painful, so perhaps no bad thing!- Game play is smooth and exciting - each turn very relevant and tactical to the match - it is no Real Time Sports Sim, and for me that is a good thing!- Team management is fun, quick and relevant - the skills each player can learn are clear and impactfulIn Conclusion...The game is exciting, fun, has a learning curve which takes some learning, but is very rewarding."
76561198132601646,Not Recommended,236690,32452576,Posted: 15 June,all,Mechanical Badger,"Currently:Not recommended. A new EULA for my paid for game. Maybe I will recommend after I read it.Previously:A computer game largely based on a table top miniatures game first published in 1986 and various versions since. Tolkein's The Lord of the Rings meets the NFL basically-Games Workshop's Warhammer Fantasy Battles combined with American Football (and other sports). Fun. Addictive. Brutal. Rewarding.Recommended if you get it on sale (60% off) as not all races are included. The table top gives you two races (teams), this game gives you eight. This is a battle-not a sports-game. It is the restructuring of war in a fantasy world into sport contests but with extreme widespread corruption.I have played a lot of table top games, historical, fantasy and science fiction games; grand strategy/campaign level wargames and skirmish battle games; Warhammer Fantasy Battles, Warhammer Ancient Battles and Warhammer 40,00 but never Blood Bowl. This pc Blood Bowl II version has me considering buying the table top game.There are several aspects of the game I like: the chess like/battle like match game play and the team managing. It gives a nice feel to playing a series of games and there are numerous leagues both AI controlled and player versus player. You can create online leagues, solo (versus AI) leagues, of several types; and you can have mutiple teams in various leagues.I have no problem with the use of dice in this strategy game. You manage risk. The game has a good balance between strategy and variables like many wargames.The combination of Warhammer lore and modern sports is funny and odd.  I see the game as mocking a lack of concern about violence.If you like turn-based strategy or tabletop miniatures games I think you will have fun with this game."
76561198033755632,Not Recommended,236690,18288574,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,UnderGrog,"Terrible game, save your money. Maybe with the new expansion comming out single player campaign may be fun but I highly doubt it. Very little skill required, more about what rolls the dice give you, which isnt very fun."
76561198005692330,Recommended,236690,19785222,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,indarien,"My initial review of Blood Bowl 2 was negative, and justifiably so.  However, Focus did the right thing, listened to their fans, and put together Legendary Edition.Blood Bowl 2 is now a great successor to the original Blood Bowl.  More teams, single player leagues, multiplayer leagues, stadiums, better graphics, and everything on a grander and more impressive scale than the original.If you had been holding out from getting Blood Bowl 2, the time to get off the couch and on the pitch is now."
,Recommended,236690,34808350,Posted: 7 September,all,Wilward,"Excellent turn-based, fast-paced, strategy 1-on-1 which is relatively easy to pick up but incredibly hard to master.Best played in multiplayer-mode. The single-player options against AI can get you through the initial  bits, but the AI doesn't really compare to human opponents. There's a wide variety of different leagues to join online - and there's also official 'free-for-all' type of ladder you can queue up if you just want to casually drop in and play a match whenever it suits you.Strategic variables and the depth of choice in the game are staggering and probably somewhat overwhelming to a new player. Learning takes time. Getting good or even half decent takes more time. Prepare to lose a lot when you start.  That might be frustrating at first, but until you learn to place your team so you can try to recover and mitigate devastatingly bad series of dice rolls, you're going to get pummeled :-) The game is definately a long term time investment.Cyanide's adaptation of in BB2 is fairly faithful to the original boardgame, even though some small differences exist.In short, it's damn excellent game"
76561198099814973,Recommended,236690,34793167,Posted: 7 September,all,MA3 | unikrn.com,good game really enjoying it
76561198086359876,Recommended,236690,34791508,Posted: 7 September,all,TomTom836,Fun game but you need nuffle on your side
76561197982494901,Recommended,236690,18774839,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sundog1,"the release of the legendary edition, means the game is finally complete....3 years after release :p"
,Recommended,236690,22455476,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sixx,"Good game, features are being added"
,Recommended,236690,23633817,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Our Lord Scudmungus,"Updated Review: Well, it's taken a fair while but Cyanide finally did what they should have done from the beginning: Ported Blood Bowl from a physical to digital format, while keeping true to the original game in every way.As you'll be able to read from my original review, included below, when it was first launched BB2 was a good example of developers thinking they know better than years of playtesting and feedback, rules reviews and updates, combined with an inept understanding of how to provide tools that supported us, the players, in developing our teams as well as forming and running leagues.Finally, I'm glad to say, they've gotten all the teams in there, they've reverted their changes to a few positionals, the league system is much more rugged and we can finally tweak and create teams. They've even managed to get the Free Camera in from BB1. Well done*.There's still a few odditities. Mixed teams? Ok.. I guess someone must have asked for them.. and the A.I is still rubbish but good enough if you just want to relax or learn the very basics. And the matchmaking timer is on a 6 minute timer, so even if its just you and your buddy looking to play head-to-head, with nobody else in your league looking to play, you still have to wait 6 mintues until the system will pair you. And no, you can't just directly ping your friend to challenge them.So, I can honestly say, this is currently the best looking - and most faithful digital incarnation of the Blood Bowl game we love. As a solo experience it falls short but Blood Bowl has always been about the multiplayer and, in this regard, BB2 foes the job.Let's just hope they sort out the matchmaking timer and improve the A.I....*(I've not had the chance to test the matchmaking system - will update when when I have)Original Review: Another attempt. I'm not sure why those involved in converting GW titles believe they need to recreate a new experience, when folks already enjoy an existing one. Unless you believe digital gamers today are that different from their traditional gamer counterparts? No.Guy and gals - the game's been designed and tested. All we want from you is some lovely visualisation (which this title does give) and for you to use our computers to aid our play. Team managment. Customizing models/painting. Organise leagues. Customise leagues. Learn to make the computer support and expand on the existing play experience. Make it work for us.A virtual table-top for GW fun.Instead we get poorly implemented league management tool. Feeble customisation options. No tools to aid play, such as a grid. And a terrible camera. That cannot be rotated. Because...?Oh and some rule/skill changes. Let's fiddle with the player costs (Orc Blizter) and the human catchers's AV (Now 8). Because the years of itterative testing and feeback are obviously not as valued as the opinions of Cyanide's so-called game designers. Good call guys/gals.Those lovely graphics? While certainly pretty, they suffer from form over function. If you were a fan of Chaos Edition's visual graphic changes as each player levelled (for example, Chaos Warriors would get more impressive armour) then tough luck. The models don't reflect the player's level - where once you could simply look at an opponents player and get an idea of its level/power, now a rookie looks the same as legend.And racial cheerleaders? Ha! Humans for everyone! Yes, no more race-specific cheerleaders.Finally, you can't choose to NOT use a skill - and some skills simply work differently to the actual game rules, that this mockery is meant to be representing. I'd like to believe it was another attempt at Cyanide trying to 'improve' the game, but its mostly probably just poor implementation.I swear to the RNGods - whenever/whoever makes a Necromunda game, if they follow the logic of Cyanide and those chumps that did Mordheim, we'll have a narrative-driven multiplayer FPS shooter....Edit: Update the info on the grid, which was added after launch. Added additional details on changes to orc/human, inabilty to rotate camera and no option to not use a skill.Edit 2: Orc prices changes have been reverted. It seems they realised that their in-house data may not have matched over a decade of real-world play testing and development. Camera still locked."
,Not Recommended,236690,18157374,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jbrutal,garbage
76561198068465682,Not Recommended,236690,21621586,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ðemetriøs,High costs for poor content and very bad quality ! this guys are brothers with EA i think ...
76561197991994586,Recommended,236690,35082735,Posted: 20 September,all,Falcon,"I feel I have to leave a positive review to make up for what seems to be mostly unnecessarily negative reviews.The majority I have read are, cutting to the chase, moaning about RNG. It is quite simple:If you don't mind RNG, relish the unexpected and can take enjoyment, laughing at the ridiculous bad luck you will no doubt encounter at some point. Then this is a great, engaging game. Join a league with some mates, get smashed to bits then try, try again.If you can't stand RNG, get all b*tt-hurt when a game that was always about rolling dice (this is the birthplace of the great god of RNG 'Nuffle' after all) occasionally doesn't go your way, then by all means please stay well away."
76561198089894245,Recommended,236690,35142673,Posted: 22 September,all,A_Benlolo,"This game is a lot of fun, but in a way that probably isn't for everybody. Your entire way of playing depends on dice rolls. While there is a technique to it all, a large portion is just getting lucky (or usually unlucky) with rolling a dice. This makes it so there's always something to be worried about, but also allows for the most incredible plays to *possibly* be pulled off. You will never quit the game happy, but that's something that makes it so great."
76561198128905937,Recommended,236690,35190275,Posted: 24 September,all,wraithbloodbane,"Has some glitches, but fun all the same."
76561198053439954,Recommended,236690,19169778,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,It's not slander if it's written,I sure do like this game now that my game breaking crashes aren't a consistent and pervasive problem because they've been addressed by the devs.Two years later.
76561198029208408,Recommended,236690,35152762,Posted: 23 September,all,Viajero,"Bloodbowl 2 and now with its Legendary Edition expansion pack is the most faithful online replica of the table top classic, and it captures all the engrossing detail and complexities of the original game. Although it has a number of IA solo player modes, this game shines at its best when played socially and in tournaments with other people.Chess meets Warhammer, definite thumbs up for me."
76561198021744104,Recommended,236690,35173960,Posted: 24 September,all,rinku,"Good implementation of the tabletop game. Players coming in from the recent (2016-17) edition of that need to be aware there are some  differences, as Games Workshop chose not to implement features that Cyanide put int BB2.Legendary Edition has pretty much brought things up to scratch, adding the last batch of teams and a host of quality of life improvements. I'm very happy with all that, but more happy that Cyanide finally are engaging with the player base. There are still missing elements (mostly cosmetic, like more racial cheerleaders) and some bugs, but stuff is getting worked on, hotfixes are getting done and most importantly they are keeping us up to date and the community reps are good.One of my all time favourite games. I'm glad the vidya game version is this good."
76561197972316607,Recommended,236690,35166280,Posted: 23 September,all,cc\\Nox,"Incredible game. One of the best turn based games ever, easily in contention with HoMM3 and Silent Storm for best TBS period.  An interest in sports games is absolutely not required, this has far more in common with stuff like Xcom. If you enjoy leveling up characters to eventually become powerhouses you will love this. I only have 100 hours on BB2 at time of writing but I have another 250+ in BB1. And honestly I would have far more hours if I didn't quit the game occasionally out of frustration at being soundly beaten by more experienced players (there are plenty of newbies out there too so don't worry about getting obliterated over and over). Don't play if you can't handle the RNG. This is a game all about managing risk and occasionally things go very wrong. I haven't touched the singleplayer so I can't comment on that but the MP is absolutely fantastic. Play in the Champion League once you get tired of the constant concedes in the main ladder.Though people can get quite pissy in a match due to poor luck, the BB community as a whole is very helpful and welcoming (I'm speaking mostly about FUMBBL and Reddit here, Steam discussions are pretty bad as usual). I'd recommend watching players like JimmyFantastic to ease the learning curve somewhat, lots of good guides out there as well.If you like turn based games at all you need to buy this immediately.  The core gameplay is fantastic and the flavor of it being in the Warhammer universe with multi-headed rats and goblin launching (and occasionally eating) trolls is the cherry on top. That said an interest in or prior knowledge of the Warhammer universe is definitely not a pre-requisite. You may find this game getting you into said universe, however, as I did."
,Recommended,236690,35243119,Posted: 27 September,all,Putin Stronk,"I recommend this for multiplayer only so long as you can handle lots of RNG. A lot of fun and in depth tactics with each team playing in unique ways. The single player is still utterly broken, no the AI does not cheat with dice rolls as some people have claimed but it does have some weird bonuses. For example it cannot run out of time, very frustraitng if it does nothing all turn (which has happened to me a couple of times) as the game effectivly runs forever. Great fun if you're fine with dice rolls and a great community. But seriously cyanide sort the single player out it's a joke."
76561198010320332,Recommended,236690,35496435,Posted: 5 October,all,snowman_martin,Fantastic Game. Plays just like the table top.
