user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,236870,32051607,Posted: 29 May,all,IvanLeTerrible,"Hitman is a game that could be described as an “assassin sand box” where you are free to kill the target in your own (sloppy) way.StoryYou play as a nameless man, of little known past, known only by his number: 47. He is a high skilled assassin, who works for the mysterious agency ICA. The agency is hired by politicians and other high calliber figures in the global elite to eliminate people. The contact 47 has with the agency is mediated by  Diana Burnwood, who works as 47’s boss and some kind of “mother figure” to him.GameplayMost levels in this game work like this: you are set loose into an open world environment with people doing their jobs and thing. Among those people there your targets, that you have to kill. If you want an easy mode, you can follow the tips and hints given by the game. If you like fo figure things by yourself, then turn off the notifications and try to kill the targets in your own sloppy way. Observing patterns of movement is key: each NPC usually has a routine of places he goes and things he does. If you need his outfit as disguise, you just need to wait for him in that dark alley and then…Agent 47 follows some kind of “perfect assassination honor code” were you are supposed to try to kill your targets in what is consedered the “perfect way”. So, there are some rules you should try to follow, such as: only kill the targets and no one eles, not being see, destrying evidences and só one. Every time you violate one of these rules, you lose points, which reflects in losing potential unlockable stuff in the end of the mission.ProblemsAgent 47 is a “good guy”.I just dislike how the game devs tried to make Hitman, Diana and their agency some kind of “good guys doing a dirty job”. I mean, it seems like in every mission you are doing some kind of humanitary job by “killing evil people”. I don’t like this approach, it would be better if they tried something more “neutral”, were Agent 47 works for whoever pays more or something. Anyways, this is kind of minor, because the game has actually very little story whatsoever. One of the major complaints about “Hitman: Absolution” was that it was too much story driven and thous wasn’t a typical Hitman game. So, in Hitman 2016, they try to fix it and go back to the origins and focus more on the gameplay and level design than in story elements.Mentally exausting.Also, another thing, and this is very personal to me, is that this game seems to demand a lot of my head and after completing a mission I feel very tired of all that mental work. Each mission felt like and extended chess match, were my brain and senses worked overtime to finally beat the mission. It’s not a game made to “play for fun” or “play for relaxation”, at least not for me…I Rate it 4.0/5.0"
,Not Recommended,236870,26240647,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,generalgeorge95,"I have enjoyed my time with Hitman, but I reccomend  reconsidering a purchase, not because it is a bad game but because it has several notable flaws. The online DRM is nonense, this game is entirely single player. The online aspect is included only to discourage piracy. My internet connection basically never goes down, but Hitmans servers do, sometimes at the worst of times or for no reason at all.When this happens all progress is lost, and the game kicks me out. This is a single player game, they're ruining the experince in the hope some pirate will be forced to buy it. The game does have a solid autosave and manual save system which helps, but I still don't like this.Gameplay wise, the game is great, it's a return to the open ended style of the older Pre-absolution games.. Blood money namely, where there is a focus on non-linear creative assasinations.Pros:Graphics are good, not ground breaking but they work.Enviroments are well designed,very detailed and ""lived in"" and the amount of NPCs in some of the levels is very impressive.Each level has many many ways to solve it, and there's always a way to get out of trouble if you haven't gotten yourself into truly unrecoverble situations.  The ways vary from straight up murder with a sniper rifle, pistol or any number of direct assault methods, to more elebatorate accidents. Among other things.  Unlike Absolution you will die if you try and shoot your way out, gun fights are dangerous.The AI is, accetable. They will work together and are fairly observant compared to some stealth games, but as always they are easily defeatable when you learn the patterns.Cons: The voice acting has almost zero vartiation. The Asian guards in Thailand sound like some Marines from America. This is a small thing, but for some reason it is noticable to me because of the detail of the enviroemtns, it sticks out as odd. They could do with some accents and variation.Online DRM, it is useless, locks you out of content if you happen to want to play online and is a failure point for the game when the publishers decide to drop it. It is a terrible practice that needs to be shamed out of existence.The game doesn't run very well. I have aging but still competent hardware and while it's accetable it runs fairly poorly with frequent frame dips. It is playable for me on near max settings, but it could be better, and the sheer amount of NPCs rendered makes up for that slightly.The music is average, it just seems there to fill the silence, rather than to add to the game atmosphere for the most part. It's alright, generic. That's fairly subjective though.I have enjoyed my time with the game, the gameplay is good, and unlike Absolution, it's a good Hitman game, but I don't suggest buying it for these reasons unless you're really commited to the Hitman franchise. If you do buy it, make sure to be ok with always online.EDIT: This review has gotten more attention than I anticpated, so I decided to add a little info about the DRM.Hitmans DRM works by tying your progress to their online servers, you CAN play the game offline, but you can not continue a save that was made while online, and while offline you also lose access to all unlocks, and from what I understand but I'm not certain, you can unlock the items, but the online and offline saves will be treated seperatly.In my opinion, while I love the game, this is unnecetable, this is blatant potentially intrusive DRM that is presented as a feature, and while the devs have done an excellent job with the game otherwise, whoever made that marketing decision made a mistake.The only reason I don't reccomend this game is because of this DRM."
,Not Recommended,236870,29487766,Posted: 25 January,all,Vic Rattlehead,"Probably THE BEST Hitman, ruined by always online.  Optimization is pretty awful too, but the fact that you can get kicked out of a single player game if anything happens to your connection is not acceptable.  You literally are treated like a pirate.  This needs to be removed and we should be compensated.The gameplay is great.  My only complaint is that throwing an object to distract people becomes pretty much the only viable tactic.  I'm in a ♥♥♥♥ing bustling city during a movieshoot with literal explosions going on, but if a tourist hears a quarter fall then they gotta check it out because it sure sounds suspicious."
,Not Recommended,236870,26333383,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,P4NT5,"I don't understand the always-online requirement.  Hitman is a single player game but I got kicked out mid-game because the servers went down...I like the game but the always online requirements are frustrating.  Also what happens when they turn the servers off in X years time, will I never be able to come back to this game?"
,Not Recommended,236870,25850868,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,marianoblanchard,"Great game overall, but with a game-breaking feature: online only.Great levels and gameplay, reminds me of the original game and all the sequels - including my favorite, blood money - so far back.  However, the obligation to have an always-on connection, and their frequently down servers means my gaming sessions are crippled at the most unexpected moments.I just put my kids to bed and managed to play for an hour before going to bed. I sneaked through a dozen guards to achieve one of my final challenges on the level. And then: bam. Hitman Servers are offline, thanks for waiting.Whe worst part is that online does not add anything else in value (other than a leaderboard) since it's a single player game.  Also worries me what happens if I want to play in one year and they have decided to take down most servers by then.My advice - don't buy.  It's a great game, but we need to send a message to the publishers that this model is unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,236870,21809332,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Just Moustache,"Edit 26.04.16 : last patch introduced a nice first step : now, when you lose connexion in the middle of a game, you don't get kicked back to the menu like it used to. Instead a pop up shows up, stops you from playing, and gives you a choice : retry connexion, or go offline. This gives you a chance to fix whatever caused the loss of connexion, if it's on your side.But if the issue is due to a server maintenance (which happens mostly when they are implementing an upcoming patch for any plateform), you have no choice but to go offline._____________________________________________________________Edit 28.06.16 : they confirmed the online necessity was not meant as a DLC. I guess it's just pure data mining then. And they also said they will stand by it. I guess the last hope regarding this point is the future disc version...But another little something comes ruining my appreciation for their market practice.They initially said ""we will give you 6 episodes and absolutely no DLC"".And now because they are mid-season and are probably really late for the rest of it, they decided to release a 7th ""BONUS EPISODE"". Guess what though? You can only have this ""bonus"" for free IF you bought the ""upgrade pack"" or ""full experience"" (= SEASON PASS MUCH). If you decided to buy each episodes when they come out, YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR IT.So instead of paying 50€ like ""full experience"" owners, you'd initially pay 54€, because 13+ 5*8. I decided to go with it. ""Meh okay, 4€, it aint much more, I'd rather not risk taking the whole thing yet"". But now we have to pay 62€, which is 12€ more than if you had bought the ""season pass"" as they wouldn't call it. ""NO MICROTRANSACTION"" then ""oh but we add a bonus you never heard of until it was too late that ♥♥♥♥s you of some more cash  now that its too late to buy the season pass because you already bought the 3 first episodes""TL;DR of this edit : SEASON PASS or +12€ for a ""BONUS EPISODE"" even though they said they won't make any DLC._____________________________________________________________I WILL change this NO to a YES... if and only if that online bs is fixed.So, I won't bother repeting anything that's been said hundreds of times here already.Just this : I expected this game to be a disappointment. It actually is QUITE NICE. But this online DRM, it's just a BIG NO NO for me.NO, NO, NO, NO.There is already DENUVO in the damn game, why add an online DRM, seriously?!Why do I love single player games? Because my internet is too bad for multiplayer games!Why would a single player game FORCE ME to play ONLINE to unlock SINGLE PLAYER content? NO REASON except greed maybe.Multiple ONLINE games don't force you to be online to unlock stuff : Payday, Killing floor, CS GO achievments can be made offline then will be unlocked once you're online. SO WHY WOULD A SINGLE PLAYER GAME DO THAT?I > can not < play the game as it is right now.I'm not even gonna talk about the servers that are unstable and kick me out of the game etc, because I don't WANT them to fix the SERVERS, I wan't them to get rid of the necessity of the online.So, IO, SE, know this : I bought your intro pack without knowing that was gonna be a thing. But I will > NOT < buy the remaining of the game if you don't change that very specific point.Now, the game itself it pretty good I guess. I'm afraid it's gonna be too short tho, even once it's complete. And some 'unlockables' should NOT be unlockables, they should be in the base game. And yes, there are a few bugs. Game breaking ones for some of them. But I trust they will be fixed, considering how many people complain about it.Though, it does feel like a beta... this game really is a pre-access beta in disguise..."
,Not Recommended,236870,21812115,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,AND I'M FREEEEEE,"I want to like it (heck, I'm sure I will in a few months when there's more content) but what the hell are you doing, IO interactive?-Why are offline and online saves segregated?-Why can't I unlock anything if I play offline? Hell, why can't I even get a simple ♥♥♥♥in' SCORE? (UPDATE: SORTA FIXED, AT LEAST YOU CAN USE YOUR UNLOCKS OFFLINE NOW)-Why does the PS4 version have exclusive missions that gives them two ways to play any one episode, meaning that the PC and xbox one versions are technically missing half of the games contracts and less value for money?-Why is this game sorta always online?-Why did it have to be episodic?If you want to say ""BUT IT'S A SERVICE, NOT A GAME"", then great, feel free to keep deluding yourself. But never before has a game with some otherwise incredibly polished gameplay felt this UNFINISHED since Metal Gear Solid V"
76561198130914073,Not Recommended,236870,26356686,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kon,"Now that the first season of Hitman is fully completed, I am re-editing this review to include the latest updates. First let's see the positive aspects that we encountered throughout the 1st season:+ Excellent Graphics that offer a unique experience and a feeling of realism at maximum settings. (Note that this might also be a double-edged sword for users that have lower-end PCs, as they will find themselves lagging by having low frames per second even at the lowest graphic options). The landscapes are really well-designed and each mission provides you with a unique experience: From the glamorous Italy and Paris to the cold Hokkaido of Japan, every mission has something unique to offer so from time to time try to take a break from killing the targets of your mission and cherish the beauty of your surroundings. For example, don't miss the chance in Hokkaido to go in the balcony of your suite and enjoy the fireworks from the nearby town.+ Plethora of ways to complete your missions: The missions are designed in such a way to offer replayability and many different opportunities to execute your targets. If you like non-linear missions in which you are the one that decides whom to kill, when and in what way instead of having the developer directing your every step or forcing you to a specific pattern, then this is definitely the game for you.+ You will encounter a great variety of high quality disguises in every mission and plenty other features such as places to blend in and avoid detection, clues about your missions, even discussions from NPCs that add more pieces to the story puzzle.+ Overall, I am happy to see that the game implemented many positive elements from the previous succsessful Hitamn titles.Despite the good impressions, there are many negative aspects that made me very skeptical not only about this new title, but also the future direction of the whole Hitman franchise.- The Terms of Service and the DRM model of the game are a ""crime"": You basically pay 60€ for renting a game and a place in their server, you DO NOT own it. In other words, publishers have legal ownership of the copy/service you bought while you have only beneficial ownership for the services you pay for (similar to MMO games). Expect to lose even your beneficial ownership once the legal owner (publisher) decides to shut down the servers in a year or two from now (similar to when MMO servers close down).- Requirement to be online to get the full experience: In order for your missions, achievments and mastery points to be recorded so you can unlock new mission features (e.g. weapons, disguises, locations) you must be online all the time because the game records everything you do to an online server. If you are not connected you lose so many privileges and, as a result, the point of replayability is nulled. While this is a meassure to prevent piracy, it backfires and makes you wonder what's the point of having a single-player game that you can only enjoy in places where you have access to internet. Not to mention that the Hitman servers go offline at random times and you might end up losing your progress if you are unlucky enough to be in the middle of a mission when that happens.- Dumb AI: While IOI promised they will give much emphasis on improving the AI, they failed by a long shot: It is very bad and dumb and once you learn the patterns/loopholes it is really easy to abuse it. Honestly, the bad design of AI take away a lot of credibility and realism from a game based on infiltration, espionage and assassination. For instance, a guard might see you acting suspiciously but if you manage to hide behind a wall or obstacle before his suspiciousness bar is filled, then you are safe. Or the fact that nobody suspects you when you stand nearby staring at them while you listen to confidential discussions about the 'opportunities' you can use to kill your targets.- No difficulty levels: Fans will argue that you can disable certain helpful functions of the game to purposely make it harder for you. But what is the point of giving a handicap to yourself instead of the game itself becomig realistically more difficult? This goes in accordance with my previous point about AI: Even if you disable certain functions that help you navigate around the map in an easier way, that alone does not improve the intelligence of the NPCs or anything. It simply makes the game more time-consuming instead of more difficult. It is like playing a soccer game with no difficulties and deciding to score a few own goals to give yourself a handicap before playing against a dumb AI.- Mediocre story: While Hitman Absolution had many obvious weaknesses as a game, one thing it did right was the story. In this new Hitman the story is very unappealing and random. It is not until you reach the last mission that the dots start to connect but even then you are left with disappointment because it is an open-ended story (if you can even call that an ending) and, of course, if you want to find out more you will have to wait, pay again and buy the future sequels of the game (as it is confirmed by the developers that there will be more seasons).- While the design of each map is marvelous, sometimes you will find yourself utilizing only a very small portion of the map to complete your mission which makes you wonder whether that sandbox-like environment they created really serves a purpose or if it is there for the sake of simply being there since the targets in your mission will never step to certain areas of the map. It appears that the sandbox design is mostly an illusion (fallacy) that you have the freedom of roaming around the map, when in reality your mission might utilize only one third or one forth of the map. For example Bangkok mission takes place in a hotel. The areas/rooms of the hotel are very well designed but your targets will never step in the majority of them, so what is the purpose of them being there in first place? Same story with the mission in Morocco. The problem I am trying to point out here is not that creating big areas is a bad thing necessarily, but not utilizing these areas and simply creating for the looks is an issue.- The episodic release of an action-based game such as Hitman ruined the experience for many people including die-hard fans of the franchise. Don't get me wrong, episodic release is not the worst thing to happen and I totally see where the publishers/developers are coming from: They want to offer replayability to the game instead of simply finishing the campaign and abandoning the game in your library after that. I can understand that move. However, the problem with the episodic release is that it took a very long time to release each episode which makes you wonder why did you initially have to pay for a full game when it was obviously still under development? If the episodes were released weekly (like anime episodes) it would have been really great and it would have kept people more anxious about what is going to happen next in the story.- The number of missions is only 6 which is a very small number for a single-player game. This is not Battlefield or Call of Duty, which you play mainly for multiplayer. Paying such a hefty price for a single-player game that has only 6 missions is quite unfair. One can argue that there are a lot of features in each mission that you can only unlock by replaying each part of the story, hence spending more time in each respective mission than your average game. However, not everyone is a fan of replaying the mission you completed. Not to mention that out of the 6 missions, only 3 of them were interesting enough to justify replayability.Verdict: The game is decent but drastic changes are needed. Vote with your wallet and send a message to both publishers and developers by not supporting that crappy business model they try to enforce and by not becoming part of this big fraud of ownership."
,Recommended,236870,32597438,Posted: 20 June,all,Conger,Welcome back IO.
,Not Recommended,236870,29977253,Posted: 16 February,all,Nexcoyocoatl,"First off, this game has Denuvo DRM and needs to be constantly connected to the game's servers.Yes, you can play offline, but you won't be able to finish challenges, and you won't be able to get the rewards, and those are the real goals of the game.This is enough for a not recommended review, in my opinion, because of the invasive DRM and anti-consumer practices. You're renting the game, not buying it, because who knows what will be of the Denuvo and game servers in the future. They may also block you access to it if you do something against the EULA, like cheating or modifying files - just a warning, though, as I gotta say I haven't seen this happen to anyone yet.I've played this series since the second one, Silent Assassin, and finished them all, except Codename 47, the first. I'm a fan of the IP, and I gotta say that I like this new game, but I'm very disappointed.I believe IOI made with great care, and also as a love letter to the fans of Blood Money, but the gameplay and focus of the original four games is gone, and I really miss it. This game feels clunky to move, clunky to shoot, and clunky to interact. It uses context actions while the originals were more dynamic. Context actions are good in simple, entirely slow paced games, and Hitman is never like that, not even while sneaking. That's why, when you press the key to subdue a guy, you might see it changed at the last second to punch them - because they're climbing the stairs or made a slight turn, for example - ruining your silent assassin attempt.I gotta say I prefer Absolution even though the story was absolutely terrible. It knew what it was as a game and had a clear direction with it's gameplay and narrative. Hitman (2016) changed a lot of core mechanics over all the year since the launch until the physical release. One of them being the way noise works - or rather, doesn't. Now, if you shoot an SMG in the direction of someone without hitting him, but hitting the walls and objects around him, he won't hear it and will continue on it's way. Bullet impact noise has no effect anymore.Absolution also had the best shooting in the series, and was trying something different, even though it wasn't that well received with Hitman veterans. I liked Absolution's idea as a spin off of the series and I liked how it played, even though I prefer Silent Assassin, Contracts and Blood Money way more.In this latest one, they took the Absolution shooting mechanics and gimped it to hell. I don't know exactly what happened, but it feels strange, like it has some kind of mouse acceleration, and it makes incredibly frustrating to shoot anyone. Using guns is never a good idea because somehow 47 forgot how to shoot, and there are lots of better ways to kill a target. Maybe not as fun as it could be if the guns worked, but way more effective.This game also has a very easy way to subdue anyone. You just need to - very easily - lock on a throwable blunt weapon or object at someone's head to make him unconscious for the rest of the level - or until someone finds him and wakes him up. Not even in Absolution it was that easy to knockout characters, and in older games you had items with limited uses, like a rag with chloroform or sedative syringes, also with a limited effect. One important layer of the challenge of the game is now completely gone in Hitman (2016).I also feel they took too much of the player's advice to heart, and never really understood what they were doing when trying to emulate Blood Money. Hitman now has challenges that need to be completed to earn weapon, item and starting location rewards. Challenges consist of all the different ways you can kill a target, all the disguises you can use, all the ways you can infiltrate and all the other little things you can do in each level. This is the real goal of the game, and the only replay value that it really has. The game can be completed fairly quickly, otherwise. There is no joy of discovery, because the game constantly pushes you to finish all the different - but very similar - challenges, while playing the level almost exactly, over and over again, to ""master"" it and get more rewards, and I feel this kinda of exploration is a choice that should've been the player's. There is no need to squeeze the level dry with a skinner box mechanic.Some may like this grind, and there's nothing wrong with that, but it's something to note. I feel burned out with most of the levels because of it.Some people also may argue that it's better to disable the challenges in the UI, and try to do it all without guidance, but you'll still be trying to find and finish the challenges as your end goal.There is also a very strange glitch that should never be in any stealth game: Sometimes, randomly, someone might witness you commiting a crime because somehow they can look through walls. Yeah, this game has an X-ray vision glitch, since launch, that can ruin your stealth playthrough of a level. People might see you knocking out or killing someone, even with one or more walls in the way.Even though I listed only the negatives, this is not a bad game. Not at all. It's a good, although flawed, game, but as a lot of people say of Absolution, I'll say the same to this one: It's a good game, just not a good Hitman game."
,Not Recommended,236870,25851373,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sigurd og andre folk,"Never before has a singleplayer game blocked me from unlocking things and using things I have unlocked because I was offline. I knew this game had always online DRM but thought it didn't matter since I have a stable internet connection, but when they have to do server maintenance it forces you offline. This is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.The game itself is great, probably the best Hitman game ever, but this DRM is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid."
,Not Recommended,236870,29955096,Posted: 15 February,all,Poofie Love bird,"* Save game* Error connecting to server.* Try Save game again.* Error connecting to Hitman Server. Aborting to main menu,"
,Not Recommended,236870,21813772,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,wilko2603,"I really dont understand what has happened to modern day gaming. Hitman was one of my favourite franchises but after the last shaky entry of absolution I thought I would give it one last try.....this is not gaming anymore i cant get immersed in this game world when the developers want a full priced AAA game in episodes with a constant online connection I DONT LIKE STAYING CONNECTED TO THE WORLD THAT IS WHY I GAME. What happened to developers making a rich engrosing well thought out game, I can see there is no passion left in alot of companies, we have these pen pushing business ♥♥♥♥wits who want to squeeze every drop of money out of our wallets with VERY little content as possible and people surely must be getting tired of these once great franchises getting torn apart. Now ♥♥♥♥ this I'm off fishing."
,Recommended,236870,25484946,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Λeternus,"Ok kids, listen up.I have been playing Hitman sinceHitman: Codename 47came out in 2000. Have finishedCodename 47more than 50 times alone, and still think it has the best story and music, and is the hardest Hitman game to date. Then came the dramaticSilent Assassin, the darkContracts, the greatBlood Monney, and the patheticAbsolution. I finished them all utilising the most elegant way; the silent assassin way.When I heard 2016'sHitmanwas going to return to its roots, I was happy. Today, I finished its 4th episode in Bangkok, and feel I have plenty of information to write a review for the whole game.Hitman has returned, friends. Harder, more intelligent, and more beautiful than ever. I wish I could say this about its music; I truly do. Will get there in a bit.The gameplay so far has been AMAZING. This is the ultimate Hitman gameplay. 47 is more versatile than ever, and looks very cool and authentic while doing his moves. You can easily climb stuff, grab people from behind, punch them in the face, shoot, drink, sit, stand on a balcony like a boss; it has it all. NPC's AI is more mature. Not everyone suspects you all the time, and not everybody shoots you in the face for just saying the wrong word at the right time.The levels, or ""episodes"", are large, versatile and very rich in content. There are countless of ways you can play them. Unlike the pathetic, Batman-wannabeAbsolution, which was based solely in the United States,Hitmanmakes you travel the world: France, Italy, Morocco, Thailand, Japan, and US of A, kids. Did I menation the levels are f*cking huge? Maybe I missed. They are f*cking huge. And the thing is, you can manually save, which is a life saver (punnotintended). Also, the graphics are detailed and beautiful. Initially, our dear protagonist can choose between two suits: a more casual suit, which fits the level, and the classic suit.The story is suprisingly good, too, although a bit Blood Money-ish, even Codename 47-ish. Sadly, the episodic nature of the game makes the story feel a bit stale and artificial.Have u ever heard about Yin Yang, kids, the Japanese cowboy? Nah, it's not a cowboy. It's a symbol that basically says, all the good stuff has something bad in it, and vice versa, or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ The same goes forHitman. There is some stuff that stinks worse than a dead person found in the basement. Sadly to say, the soundtrack tops the list. Composed by some dude you never heard of, it consists of some unbelievably cliche and trite sounds, which repeat over and over in every goddamn episode. The decision to drop down Jesper Kyd was the WORST decision the developers made regarding the game. The bad music has compromised beyond repair the overall authenticity and image of Hitman. The voice acting, appart from the legendary David Bateson, is silly too. Everytime you hear the same American voices all over, no matter if you are in Paris or Bangkok. I really don't know what they were thinking.Having said all of this, I considerHitmana very good game, and recommend it to everyone, especially to the Hitman veteran players. Its good to be back."
76561198009222283,Not Recommended,236870,25831900,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sheepdog_Snow367,"I bought the ""Full Experience"" and I love this game. However, The always needing to be online is one of the most frustraiting thing I have ever dealt with in a game.If you aren't online, everything you unlocked weapon/tool/location start wise is locked. Nothing sucks worse than being almost finished with a level for your internet to cut out randomly and the game telling you to exit to play offline, which you don't unlock and can't load online saves, which isnt a problem if you 100% the locations.I love this game, It's fun, but the always having to be online is why I say give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,236870,29988116,Posted: 17 February,all,Chef de bataillon Mundy [42nd],"Always online DRM for a singleplayer game. Completly unacceptable, anything else is irrelevant for me. Don't buy the game in this state."
,Not Recommended,236870,29969525,Posted: 16 February,all,coollertmb,"Want to play offline? No bonuses, unlocks and scores for you!Want no game breaking bugs? Oh, we have those. NPCs can see through doors and walls, targets spot you before getting killed and count as witnesses. Also everybody can perform a 180° turn in split second.Want consistency? Nope, NPCs sometimes look or even walk in different directions just because you like to restart the level 20 times, don't you? We're still learning how our gameplay mechanics work, give us some time, it's only our 6th Hitman game.Want replayability? Sorry, but you can only complete our Elusive Targets once. Because we think that you don't enjoy the game while playing it, you enjoy it when you are not able to play it anymore. Makes sense, right?Want good story? Maybe some other time, we only have 6 missions, but their cutscenes are great, isn't it enough? Also, we're not gonna give you all of them at launch (full game at launch, are you mad?) and the ending is a cliffhanger, of course.Want good music and graphics? Well, I guess we gotta do something right in this game. Not sure about graphics optimization, though. Ah, who cares, just buy a faster pc, problem solved."
76561198086201682,Not Recommended,236870,21770754,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Celseeth,"Wait.... just wait and buy it later.I bought this game (the full game) and started playing it on release.  Can't get past the tutorial area because it freezes.  I have a 4770k processor with 2 gtx 980 tis, and it continues to freeze at the same spot over and over agian.  The gaming inudstry sucks, stick with indie games or wait a year for larger titles to work their crap out.  This game is unfinished and it does nothing good for the game to have been released so early.  It should have been pushed back for at least a couple months.Of course, this review is only relevant to those who are looking at buying this game within the first month or so of release.BUYER BE WARNED: This is an unfinished crap product that is not optimized.  If it doesn't eat your performance up you'll run into other issues like I did with freezing etc.  Take this into consideration before you blow 60$P.S. - After reading some of the forums and replies to this thread, for others out there having the same issue I was (with it freezing) try switching to dx11.  That fixed my freezing issue, hopefully it'll fix yours too!"
,Recommended,236870,27252588,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,camXmile,"While this game fails to innovate, it's never been the developers' goal to reinvent the Hitman. They've listened to the fans who demanded the gameplay reminiscent of previous games like Blood Money rather than story driven Absolution. And playing it right now, many months and patches after launch, I can thoroughly recommend this to anyone who wanted the old school Hitman game."
,Not Recommended,236870,21772384,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,4s*,"-Server errors, random disconnects etc. prevent you from playing.-Game crashes in DX12 Mode. ( GTX 960, latest driver)-25 Fps average, on a pc that runs gta v smooth on ultra settings. ( hitman on lowest settings possible)-Texture quality is locked to ""low"" on GPUs with 2GB VRAM.-Player triggered scripted events based on proximity, makes you feel like there is no living world. (So called opportunities)-Eagle vision ruins the game. (aka instincts)-When you turn on ""opportunities"" option, the game tells you what to do so that you can trigger scripted events.-No blood.-No Jesper Kyd, instead you get a noisy hans zimmer-like music.-No Peeking keyholes.-AI is buggy and can be abused.- You use the fiberwire with the press of a button, instead of holding the button and stretching it as it was in earlier games.- There is no human shield .- UI and the icons are ugly."
,Not Recommended,236870,21811034,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Duplex,It's 2016 and we are still getting developers who don't know how to optimise their games.
,Not Recommended,236870,22227914,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MadmanMortes,"Hitman is a single-player experience, or at least it would be if I could experience it. With a built in need for an always online connection that won't even allow me to connect to the games servers in the first place I haven't been able to properly enjoy the game as it seems actively trying to prevent me from advancing into the first mission without forcing me to be online.Pros-Game looks funCons-Can't connect to servers to actually play the game.I cannot recommend this game until this broken DRM system is removed. My actual internet connect remained stable while the game wouldn't work with it. Buyer beware."
,Recommended,236870,29153911,Posted: 9 January,all,°•○● Darius ●○•°,"Most of the negative reviews are because of the episodic release and online DRM (after those last updates it seems that we can play in offline mode), but the game is very good, if you're an hardcore hitman fan and even if you are not but you have patience and love to play stealth games, I recommend this. I ♥♥♥♥ing love the whole franchise and I can't wait for the next seasons. I'm also very interested in storyline and I want to see more about 47's past and also what will happen next after the last cutscene of this season."
,Not Recommended,236870,24406343,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Hobo csgomassive.com,"Servers went down for maintenance while I was one and a half hours into a mission, why the F$#@ do I get kicked from my single player game?Edit- I wasn't saying I lost my progress just that it's stupid design to kick someone from a single player game for server maintenance"
,Not Recommended,236870,26694788,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PingWing,"<<<<LOADING>>>>>><<<<LOADING>>>>>><<<<LOADING>>>>>>You have been disconnected from the servers, - sorry I can't load your SINGLEPLAYER SAVE FILE. ANd you can't save it either. Cause you know - SINGLEPLAYER games need a multiplayer connection and this has to be done via the World Wide Potato netork."
76561198052706595,Recommended,236870,31685044,Posted: 11 May,all,reig219,"I'm not usually one for writing reviews, but with the fate of the Hitman franchise in jeopardy, I felt it necessary to show my support for this amazing game.Hitman 6 (or HITMAN™) was a welcome return to form after the disappointing Hitman Absolution. Where Absolution floundered, HITMAN™ triumphed :Absolution's AI was selectively smart and selectively dumb in all the wrong places. Anyone wearing the same disguise (andonlythe same disguise) as you can tell you're a phony, but you could easily dart between cover right in front of someone without them fully detecting you. The result was a by-the-numbers stealth game wearing the mask of the Hitman franchise. Disguises in HITMAN™ are much more like Blood Money's, bringing back the giddy high of a masquerade, while complicating things with the occasional NPC that can see through your disguise (but only in places where it makes sense)50% of Absolution's levels were about reaching an exit, without a single target to assassinate. Levels were painfully linear, and often broken into smaller segments. HITMAN™ places the focus back on contract killing, with massive, seamless levels offering more ways to kill than ever before.When you did get to assassinate someone, Absolution limited you to whatever you could find in the level. No sniper rifle? Guess you won't be doing any sniping then. Want to poison someone? Only if there's some poison in the level. And if you wanted to perform a hit without relying on these telegraphed opportunities, then manipulating the AI is more tedious than ever thanks to the lack of manual saves. HITMAN™ lets you bring in any weapon and item you've unlocked to the party. The addition of different starting locations and the challenge system makes this easily the most replayable Hitman game yet.So what went wrong?Well, for starters, the abrupt announcment of an episodic model caught many off guard and turned a lot of people off. Many people, myself included, didn't want to get absorbed by the first level only to have to wait a month afterwards for the second, third, fourth, etc. We just waited for the game to be released fully. A game's release is the most important part of it's marketing blitz, so staggering that out over a year killed the hype for casual gamers eyeing the game at a glance. Not to mention the performance issues at launch that now seemingly plague every single PC port, meaning I had to wait for my GTX 1070 before I had the peace of mind to try the game.The end result was that I bought Season 1 on sale. Having be thoroughly impressed, I was ready to buy Season 2 at full price, confident I would be getting my money's worth. Now that Square Enix and IO Interactive have parted ways, I'm honestly not so sure. I'm not sure if there'll even be a Season 2, and even if they contract another developer, it probably won't be the same. I believe games are defined pimarily by the people who make them. The Hitman franchise was developed by IO Interactive, but they have also developed alongside it. Their creative voice was molded by the hitman franchise, and HITMAN™ is an expression of all they've learned. I'm worried that another team will never capture their same state of mind and design philosophy, assuming they even try at all (*cough*Thi4f*cough*).Square Enix made a very premature move by ridding themselves of IO, and it's a shame that IO no longer owns the franchise they've created. Guess that's just the industry works...In summary, HITMAN™ gets my GOTY 14/10 it's okay i guess can't wait to augment my preorder for HITMAN®"
,Not Recommended,236870,28794516,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,merry trootsmas,"If your connection is less than stellar, or you're using a VPN, the game offers  you the same experience as it offers to pirates. That is, you'll be forced to play in offline mode for reliable gameplay in a single player game, and you wont be able to access tabs and tabs of options. You won't even get a rating at the end of a mission, or be able to get unlocks. Not that I'm advocating that you should pirate. The devs of this game did a great job. The publisher, on another hand, needs a straitjacket."
,Not Recommended,236870,21804993,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,zuppaclub,"I will change it to thumb up if this game have offline play and ESPECIALLY saving to local PCwhy I said this, because when I was in offline mode, and want to load my save, I need to online O_oI thought local save to PC is standard feature from ages ago O_o"
76561197969946086,Not Recommended,236870,22119911,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cookie,"Always online DRM, in Australia, cheers for that.Runs slower than my dead dog"
,Not Recommended,236870,24394346,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,collinc2343,"They originally said buying the episodes individually would not hinder your gameplay, but tomorrow they are releasing content I will not have access to because I bought it episodically."
,Recommended,236870,29198417,Posted: 11 January,all,Chief Savage Man,"So far I have:*launched a man to his death in an ejector seat*pushed a woman so that she fell on top of her husband, killing them both*walked the catwalk at a high fashion show*shot down a seaplane with a literal cannon*shot a man while he was golfing, also with a literal cannon*choked out a man while he was mourning his mother, then fed him to a woodchipper*blew up a woman with a rubber duck*blew up a woman with an exploding golfball*put a man through a printing press*dropped a toilet on a man*started a dance party on an army baseI have played a third of the missions."
,Not Recommended,236870,21814096,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,⭐Арт,"Why require an Internet connection?Very often it disconnects from the network, and the game is closed without saving.Poor implementation and completely useless."
,Not Recommended,236870,21770618,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Zilla,"In short:Do not get this game for the love of god, go treat yourself like a king and get something that is actually worth its price until this is fully released.Overall:Hitman is definitly not a game that should be released like it is now, my only possible thought for why they are doing this is because they fell behind with their release schedule and needed money so they released it likes this. I don't know if I miss read or was fooled but I am very sure that I read and heard youtubers say that the 'intro pack' gave you access to the tutorial and first level(s), I am infact wrong! I paid 10,99 for the tutorial that was in the beta and this isn't the main thing that has angered me, not only have I payed for a maximum of 20 minutes of gameplay, if I wish to upgrade to the full thing, I must pay 32,99 instead of 39,99 - 10,99 = 29, I honestly don't care about the extra £4 that I will have to pay, but it's priniciple alone, I pay for the beta basically, and then I get charged another £4 if I wish to upgrade!Update : I did indeed recieve an update 14 hours later (when I woke up on 03/12/16) where the paris missions is now unlocked for me, great to now the developers didn't scam me, although why I got the update 14 hours late is beyond me but whatever. Now lets talk gameplay, overall I feel it's smooth just like hitman should be, shame that the same can not be said for the frame rate. I have a EVGA GTX 970 SSC and a Intel Xeon E3-0123 3.3 ghz CPU and the game doesn't run as smoothly as it should. My total sum up is this : This game has extreme potential, but the developers are limiting it right now, my only hope is that they do not ruin this series becuase it's one of my top 5. The game right now is NOT worth buying, the episode by episode release is stupid, the game needs to be updated further to improve the frames, I don't know what's causing the bad frames if its a bad port or whatever, but something needs to be done, and I still do not understand why I have to pay an extra 4 pounds to upgrade but I'll just leave that be for now. Oh! And another thing that is just purely a mind ****, is why do I need constant connection to the internet to play an SINGLE PLAYER game??? This make NO SENSE what so ever, if this is to track my progress to put on a leader board then why not just update it when I connect back to the net? Again, no sense, the franchise is suffering for no reason at all, first it was Absolution with the great idea to add a story line.... And now it's episode by episode release + bad frames (which I'm praying will be fixed) + needing internet to play a single player game???? Honestly guys, I'm more impressed rather than angry that the developers managed to harm this series further, I didn't think it was possible. :)"
,Not Recommended,236870,30010917,Posted: 18 February,all,jon-h86,I live in China and it is impossible to connect to the servers here. Don't buy.
76561197968458457,Not Recommended,236870,21770847,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sordino,"The online policies for this game are terrible. Internet cut out for a second mid-mission and I had to restart the entire mission. Once I finished the tutorial, I found out I had to download another 2GB download to play the actual Paris mission.  Why did this not download with the rest of the game? Also it's $5 more dollars to ugprade from intro pack to full experience than just buying the full experience? What the heck."
,Not Recommended,236870,21774804,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TheHolyInvader,"YOU WANT A FULL GAME?YOU WANT DRM THAT DOESN'T KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥FOR FLAKEY INTERNET?YOU WANT TO SEE SOMETHING OTHER THAN PARIS AND CARDBOARD MAPS?YOU WANT A WORTHWHILE PURCHASE?THEN YOU BEST WAIT A YEAR, DO NOT PURCHASE NOW.Seriously, I love Hitman and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but episodic AND DRM coated? Plz no.Edit: 10/02/2017So at this point the entire first seasons out, this is long after the fact that I originally wrote this review.I could have recommended it at this point, the game has vibes of Blood Money, has its comedic moments, and gives the player enough freedom of choice to do rediculous♥♥♥♥♥♥ like drown the entire gala ball in a single toilet.I never had any problems with any real glitchiness, other than usual AI dip♥♥♥♥♥♥issues.HOWEVER, I still doubt that the game is worth 60 dollars (As based on the current Serason 1 bundle price) Especially so long after the initial release. It's a full game now, but I do not believe it to be worth 60 (MAYBE 40)"
,Recommended,236870,32783088,Posted: 25 June,all,KMZ ✞ 809,Now THIS is a true Hitman game. Not like Absolution where you spend the whole game chasing down some cowboy and his mutant Mexican bodyguard over some little girl.
,Not Recommended,236870,21805073,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hjrpz,"The need for an internet connection for a SINGLE PLAYER GAME is unacceptable.The ""episodic"" releases also mean you would be buying an unfinished game. Well my advice: don't."
76561198159921863,Not Recommended,236870,26679044,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jul,"------DISCONNECTED FROM POSITIVE REVIEW, CHECK YOUR CONNECTON AND TRY AGAIN-----___________________________EDIT_________________________________________I started playing it again and I think I like it but the DRM is trash. Remove it like inside and you'll get a reccommended"
76561197990717900,Not Recommended,236870,29635403,Posted: 1 February,all,savasana,"First of all this game looks great but from the whole franchise (and i played them all) i enjoyed this game the least :(In the past, once you played a mission you received money to buy/unlock the weapons/gadgets you preferred to use in future missions (or you were able to pick them up on the map)or replay a mission.In this game there is only the illusion of free play; you have to play the game exactly as the makers intended before you're able to unlock e.g. a sniper rifle and other things you like...unfortunately by the time you unlocked your favorite items, you had to grind the same level so many times you feel fed up by this game.At least that's how i feel.If you're new to this and don't mind/see you're being led by the nose,there's fun to be had but don't think you're free on how to play this game as you like,because you're not.0 Comments	 Subscribe to thread  (?)"
,Recommended,236870,30633741,Posted: 20 March,all,Coffee Addicted,"HITMAN IS BACK ! i luv this game but,remember you have to replay the missions for more and better experiencegame it's not optimize put the super sampling on 1 and play it on SSD..other settings ultra"
,Not Recommended,236870,21813067,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SandmanX,"Horrible always online DRM with ridiculous server issues. Pathetic effort to rehash the Hitman series. Absolutely no reason to have the Always Online requirement. Refunded.As a fervent fan of the Hitman series, this game looks good and has potential but has been ruined by the DRM and the unnecessarily high system requirements.A little clunky and poorly optimised with forced replayability due to lack of levels.DO NOT BUY."
76561197973131538,Not Recommended,236870,30009953,Posted: 18 February,all,-Nerf-Herder-,"Always online kills the flow of the game. Starting up and loading into a mission should be quick and painless, but staring at a loading screen followed by a connecting screen is just painful. developers like this are single handedly killing the Pc market."
,Recommended,236870,33772670,Posted: 24 July,all,Kosmozuikis,"The best Hitman game so farFinally Hitman is back. I was disappointed by Absolution, it was a very dumbed down Hitman game, with only couple of good levels first being the best one. The new Hitman game gave everything I desired and more.It is a completely different game. You’re being thrown into huge levels and must eliminate your targets. But unlike in Absolution you can choose countless ways to do that. You can explore the maps, find disguises and walk almost freely everywhere or you can sneak. You can kill innocent people or just knock them out. Shooting everyone will not work here like it worked in Absolution. You can make your game easy or hard depending on your playstyle. Sneaking while wearing suit might be very hard. If you get appropriate disguise you’re safe to walk around. So it’s up to you how to play. Disguise works differently now and has logic to it. If lets say you knock out a security guard and get his uniform, some security guards will get suspicious but most of them will not notice there's something wrong with you. Same goes for all other disguises, so while you can move freely you must avoid some people.You can simply follow your targets and kill them, you can lure them into a bathroom by poisoning their drink and drown them in a toilet, you can set up an accident and electrocute or blow up your target. If you have a required tool you can disguise as mechanic for example and drop the lamp on your poor target. You can infiltrate the most secure zone, make your target think that you’re someone else, talk to him and then kill him. There are countless ways to achieve your goal. This game has really good replayability value, it has challenges and various timed events, so every playthrough can be totally different.Graphics are really nice, can’t say anything bad about it. Game runs well, there’s many object on the screen and many things happening on the map, fps stays steady most of the time. Game looks brilliant, so much detail, so much going on.Many people disliked episodic format. I personally liked it. There are couple of reasons why. First is that releasing episode after episode developers always can improve the next episode depending on user feedback. Another thing is, if you want to buy it day one you don’t need to spend 60€ on it, you buy one episode, save some money, buy another one, so it works better for people who can’t pay full price. It’s a shame if this was the reason why the game sold poorly. But I think there’s another reason to it which contributed to poor sales. Absolution…well…it wasn’t good, people were disappointed and were afraid to buy this one, especially when it’s released by Square Enix, I love them, own most of their games, but sometimes they make stupid decisions. But to my surprise this game has only one DLC and no pre-order ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I hope the second season will follow the same formula – no DLC and pre-order bonuses.Another thing people disliked is always online. I personally have no problems with that, but I can understand those who has. But hey it's 2017, who doesn't have internet these days?So if you like absolute freedom, sandbox style gameplay, want many hours of enjoyment  get this, you’ll not be disappointed.ProsFreedom to do what you wantHuge levelsGreat graphicsReplayabilityConsI don't really know"
,Not Recommended,236870,30319704,Posted: 4 March,all,Mogs,"great gameterrible drmI got disconnected from the hitman servers mid game and wasn't allowed to finish my mission objectives unless I reconnected. After multiple tries reconnecting, I just gave up and quit the game. It wasn't my connection either. I was still connected to steam and browsing the web to try and fix it. I paid money for this game, i shouldn't be treated like i pirated it."
,Recommended,236870,23425455,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Gibson585,"On par with Blood Money.  A lot of complaints about the episodic release, but it works for me because they did a very good job with the replayability aspect of each level.  You can chain different events in different orders to create a lot of different outcomes that fit any assassin archetype.  Can't wait for the next episode!"
76561198029847854,Not Recommended,236870,21774758,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,righ-ron,"sort of boring. 3 levels, 2 small ones and 1 large one. nothing really new or special. would wait for the full game to come out (all episodes) and you might get more then a couple hours out of it."
76561198278429557,Recommended,236870,22659585,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,HyperionFIN,"Season 1 is done, time to update my review.Old Blood Money fan here, didn't much like Absolution. This game on a scale:Blood Money ||---O---------------------|| AbsolutionOverall it's a true sandbox assassination game, just like Blood Money. And not limited small levels, dumb Instinct and point shooting like Absolution. It's basically the Blood Money 2 you've been waiting for, with some small caveats.IMPORTANT BEFORE YOU PLAYThere is no fixed difficulty modes. The game allows you to enable/disable different helps freely. They are all ENABLED BY DEFAULT, which is similar to ""Very easy"" mode in some other game. Make sure to turn that stuff off right away, unless you want a very casual experience.I REALLY recommend turning at least ""Opportunites"" and ""Challenges"" helps off. They are basically an in-built spoiler system.It's much cooler to use your own brain, like in Blood Money. ""Oh, he complains about hunger... I'm gonna cook him a dinner to die for"". Instead the HUD telling you ""Go kitchen, add poison, serve food"". Just disable it, you can later enable some helps if you struggle.Personally I've disabled the Minimap and Instinct too, to get more challenge out of the game. This time InstincPROSSapienza is one of the best Hitman missions ever (well, in my opinion best ever.. surpassing classics like A New Life or Curtains Down). It's simply magnificient location.People criticize the lack of levels, but they are HUGE and filled with routes and hidden secrets. I have 150+ hours in this game, and I still haven't discovered everything.Loadout selection is back. No gun customization, but there is a ton of weapon variants with fixed attachments and upgrades, which isn't much different in the end. You can also smuggle items before mission to secure areas (by ""inside helper"") or start the game undercover inside the mission area (as house staff etc) once you unlock these options.More stealthy gadgets like Emetic poison, Audio distraction device, breaching charge and explosive Rubber duck. People whining about lack of gun customization, tend to forget Blood Money had none of these things. This is not essentially a shooter, but a stealth game in shooter disguise (pun intended) so this kind of gear makes IMO more sense.Instinct is in the game, but this time it's truly optional (unlike in Absolution), it can be disabled completely. I've never used it after the tutorial, and had no problems.Best disguise system in Hitman game ever. It's almost like Blood Money, with a clever twist. Some people are more observant (marked with a white sphere), so you are always a bit on your toes. For example, the master cook knows everyone who works for him, but his staff won't recognize you, thinking you are ""the new guy"". So you can do whatever you want in the kitchen, just avoid the cook. 90% of time you can hide in plain sight, just like in Blood Money. In Blood Money the disguises were a bit too powerful, and in Absolution they were too weak. Now there's a perfect balance, leaning towards Blood Money style though.Actually I count the Episodic release as a Pro. I was very disappointed and skeptical at first, but changed my mind after seeing how it spanned out. Episodic fits Hitman perectly. The game had fair share of bugs along the year, all largely gone now. IOI polished the game TONS during the year, changing UI, adding mechanics and squashing loads of bugs after each episode. It would not have been this polished, if everything was released in one go. Also, the locations are so large, that it remained interesting until next episode was already around the corner. If people get into the game now, they'll be overwhelmed with content, and probably rush past lot of things, with not enough time to let it all sink in.Ability to climb walls and windows more freely, more ways to tamper with environment and with different gas and electrical systems, overflowing sinks, poisoning nearly anything and many more...CONS...but saldy also slight downgrades from Blood Money.No human shield. Being able to fake surrender feels half-pointless because of it.Keyhole peeking being gone I can understand, since modern keyholes aren't really big enough to see through. But light switches in rooms cannot be turned off like in BM, these people must have huge electrical bills. It was a great way to cause distractions and create some visual cover for lockpicking.NPCs don't care about blood stains on floors (might be strawberry juice, right?), and civilian NPCs never pick up weapons from the ground to fight back. Both were features in Blood Money, why remove it?Online only DRM. In a single player game doesn't make much sense, but I don't care that much since my connection is stable and I have it all the time anyway. I guess it's to fight piracy, and the game does have some online elements like Leaderboards, Elusive Targets, Contracts mode and other live content.No sniper suitcase. There is the same sniper rifle in final mission unlocks, but without case.My main complaint about this game: Player proximity triggered events. Key conversations or events don't happen, unless you appear on scene to witness it. ""Oh the bald guy showed up, let's  talk about that thing we weren't supposed to talk about"" It feels fake, the more you play the more you notice it. Not like this ruins the game, because these scripted events are quite rare, and repeat only once per mission. Thank God you aren't locked into a cutscene, at least.Voice acting. Every French, Italian, African and Thai person speaks flawless English without local accent. You stop caring about it after a while, but a clear downside. There is some effort for the main targets, but not for other NPCs. However, NPCs do have more dynamic dialogue and react a lot into what you do, carry and wear, which wasn't a feature in past games.No newspaper rating system from Blood Money, I kinda liked that, while small complaint. And to be fair, people don't read printed newspaper that much anymore. They could have replaced it with some online news article.Music isn't by Jesper Kyd. For me not a huge deal, the music is fine and reacts dynamically to the situation, without getting annoying. But for some people might be a con.OPTIMIZATION ISSUESOptimization isn't that great, even now after the game is finished, and multiple patches delpoyed.  I have trouble staying at 60 fps in Episodes 2 and 3. On 1080p with i7 4770K and 980 Ti, Ultra settings. But it's just certain small areas with lots happening. But I've heard same complaints from GTX 1080 owners, with much faster CPUs. Something is really off.Latest three episodes (Bangkok, Colorado and Hokkaido) run better, problem is mainly the two largest levels with lot of NPCs.PROFESSIONAL MODEDevs added recently a Professional Mode into all of the story missions. The base game can get quite easy, after you learn the levels and unlock all gear. But Pro Mode is a lot tougher, you can save only 1 time per mission. Guards are more alert, gunfights more lethal and security is tighter. Some items aren't in the same place anymore. And if you spill blood on a disguise (gunshot, stabbing) you can't use it. Pro Mode provides extra replay value and challenge, great addition from developers.CONCLUSIONThe game is based on replaying the levels a lot, killing the targets in different ways and unlocking stuff as you go, to allow new approaches.  If you're in for the story, and just complete missions once and move on, this is maybe not for you. The story is quite vague, when it finally starts to get interesting, Season 1 ends.But for hours and hours of murderous shenanigans, it's very good and content-rich game. It's probably closest to Blood Money 2 (really close, actually) we're ever going to get. Just remember that it's more of a stealth puzzle with some shooting, than actual shooter.Strongly recommended, and can't wait for Season 2."
,Not Recommended,236870,28198690,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Savok,"Always online means it has to fetch your ♥♥♥♥ing menu options from their impossibly slow servers. The thrill of staring at a menu loading for 30 seconds every time you click something can not be overstated. There's a halfway decent, if kinda soulless Hitman game buried under that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,236870,28340992,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SquidNinja,"So I was half way through a mission with the last save about 20 minutes prior, and suddenly this message pops up saying that I was disconnected from the server due to maintenance. At first I thought, that's okay, I'm playing single player. Now where's the cancel button? Turns out, there is none. Aparrently, if you're not connected the game will decide you're not allowed to play your game anymore. So then I try loading the save. Apparently, you can't even load your own ♥♥♥♥ing save file unless your connected to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing servers. On a single player only game. And apparently, I can't even unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥that's hard coded into the ♥♥♥♥ing game files for my single player only ♥♥♥♥ing game onless I'm connected to the MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING SERVERS. ♥♥♥♥ you, Square Enix. I payed you money for a game, now let me play the ♥♥♥♥ing game and stop treating me like a potential ♥♥♥♥ing thief. Until then, choke on a♥♥♥♥♥♥and die of aids you♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥Also as far as Hitman games go, this is only marginally better than Absoluteshit. You idiots should have sold the franchise a long time ago.TL;DR Whenever you lose internet connection, or they decide to bring their servers down for maintenance, you are prohibited from playing your game."
76561198055762608,Recommended,236870,32623376,Posted: 21 June,all,Ortzz,"I wasn't going to write a review until I finished the game, but considering the influx of interest and IO Interactive becoming independent, I figurednow was a better time than never.In short, this was the best game released in 2016.Since I've gotten into PC gaming I've been a fan of stealth games. Heck, I basically played Wolfenstien: The New order like a Sam Fisher game. But what sets HITMAN apart from the rest of the Genre is that it is a stealth game that somehow also combines the genre with the shenanagins of a Grand Theft Auto game.There's a silly (not overly silly, they balence this tone quite well) tone to HITMAN that makes it feel so different from other games in the genre. Sure, it's a very DARK kind of silly in spots, requiering you to choke someone out in order to dress up as a fashion icon for example, but overall it has a playful mood that really makes it nicer to spend more time in this game than other stealth games out there.As much as I like Deus Ex and Dishonored, or even Shadwen and Aragami, the worlds they inhabit are very dour overall, filled with monolithic buildings that tour over the player in a way that is exciting, but also sometimes oppresive. In those games, every sky is dark (less so dishonored) and every environment has a tinge of sadness or danger that while cool, kind of gets old. Meanwhile, HITMAN 2016 has three different missions (one main and two side missions) that take place in basically the world's nicest Italian beach town ever. You also get to go to a fashion party, and a pretty hotel turned recording studio. The fact that a large part of HTIMAN involves walking through large crowds and blending in means that you will get to go to some places where people will actually want to be, and it is a refreshing twist for the stealth genre where I am used to being only military bases and coporate headquarters. Don't get me wrong, you will go to those places too, but they are not the only locations offered.Another element that adds to the silly tone of HITMAN is the impressive amount of ways you can pull off an assasination. You can always just shoot the dude, or choke them out, but HITMAN will also provide you with tools and scenarios to pull off the hits with much more whimsey and style. You can disguise as a statue and commit the hit while they are watching family videos in the same room. You can dress up as a golf teacher and persuade the hit to meet you in a bedroom. There are chances where you can kill the hit with a giant robot on a movie set. The clever scenarios that IO has made are really special and so different from the ways you can complete objectives in other games.Overall, HITMAN is special because it is so different from other games in the genre. It has a way of embracing fun along with the traditional tension felt while playing a stealth game. So for now, I am going to leave Dishonored 2 and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided as unfinished games in my library because I have more HITMAN to play. In fact, I'm going to play some right now.Do yourself a favor and at least try out the demo. I spent 10ish hours in the first two tutorial areas and I feel like a lot of people could get the same milelage out of it. I hope to God there is a season two of this game."
76561198052451926,Not Recommended,236870,21771885,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Wixus,Holy Crap....I spent more time looking for more missions than actually completing the game. You will be done in less than 1hr... And thats if you decide to replay the only 2 missions their..The missions are 1) Tutorial & 2) Training.... End of Game. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not.Im used to being disappointed by Game devs but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is beyond a joke. They say they are releasing episodes but a 20min run around is just a waste of time... And i absolutely guarantee you'll pay more for when the rest of this♥♥♥♥♥♥is squeezed out.DO NOT GET THIS GARBAGE. NOT WORTH £50/10 - No redemable qualities
76561198014493888,Not Recommended,236870,25972425,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ahadihunter1,"This is insanity, the game is good and all, but WHY do I have to be always online for the damn reason to play the game?"
,Not Recommended,236870,21777680,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sydch,"After 2013, Game Developers Changed Their SystemThey though PC gamers can handle low framerates, maybe it's better for them. They stopped releasing optimized games, and keep making our eyes hurt. Most known examples are Watch_Dogs, Batman: Arkham Knight, Assassins Creed: Unity...I'm Not A Pre-Order GuyMy first pre-order is Metal Gear Solid V: Phantom Pain, because it gives another free copy of Ground Zeroes. I was happy at the end, because they release the game very fine. Game was so smooth, so i can't play any other game for a while after Phantom Pain. My second was Naruto Shippuuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 just for character bonus. I did not except a lot from it, it's classic NSUNS game with tag team system. That game gave me what i except, also it was cheap. Even if fails, i won't lose too much. I was know the stakes. But in the end, that pre-order was fine. After that, i just pre-ordered Street Fighter V for beta. Also i got very badass Chun-Li costume too. I was not sad after full release. It has a little bit connection issues, not too much. The only one problem about it, it has not punishment system for ragequiters and it's fixed now. So, that pre-order was not a bad idea.Suddenly i changed my mind. After those years, i can pre-order games without fear. Then i saw Hitman's pre-order deal. That suit... That suit was my childhood. I spent lots of hours on Blood Money when i was 9. After all, Hitman Franchise one of the my favorite franchise. I trusted Square Enix after Absolution, back in the day i bought it on day one. I still play Absolution sometimes. That game is not bad like community says. Back in the topic, after saw that suit i gave a shot about it. Then I play HITMAN Beta and it was not bad at all. The game runs about 50-60 at normal, gets a lil bit stutters if NPC's are lot. I was not feel bad for that pre-order money until now.I'm okay with episodic chapter plan. The problem is i can't even test DX12, it just give white lights on black patterns. (Which is fixed with 16.3 driver, the one not works with autoupdate somehow i done it manually, twice. Because it corrupts 3-4 times, so i used DDU to make it clean. Even it fixed the game crashes a lot in DX12, which is i've not know why it happens.) In DX11 i get 30-40fps, sometimes i can see 10fps too. 10FPS with a effin $500 graphics card. TEN EFFIN FRAME PER SECOND. So, after this experience i decided pre-ordering games are taking a huge d in your mouth, just like Eric Cartman says. I was not waiting this♥♥♥♥♥♥from you Square Enix...I'm not recommend this game, it's runs too bad, maybe a few patches can fix it. I'm double checking my gpu drivers, maybe they can fix it i dunno.Lets Pretend Like Optimization Is Not BadLike i've said it before, episodic games are fine to me. I'm not digging around HITMAN too much, those fps problems are broking my soul and damaging my eyes. Even it has one mission on day one, gameplay was good. I mean, there is lots of opportunities, disguises, killstyles... Map is big, like was in Blood Money. It's pretty direct sequel to Blood Money, it's fine. Also it has some elements from Absolution like Instict with a better version. I'm in love with game even i play 5 hours (and 5 hours are nuff for a first episode), I'll play more and planning to give more info about it.Well, forgot the mention it the human shield and point shooting are removed. I have wanted the use them again, because sometimes i want to play movie-style (pew pew pew), but unfortunately they removed instict bar which is used to be for point shooting. I hope human-shield will be back, but it's not necessary. Also, if it's direct sequel to Blood Money if we consider play-style, where is the god-damn sniper cases? Smuggling item will helping kinda, but i want to use that case. Another thing to mention, animations kinda dummy. Beta was more good about animations like walk, using wire, running and climbing."
,Recommended,236870,21779116,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sorter,"Everyone is outlining the performance issues and online DRM but no one is actually reviewing the game itself.UPDATE:Updating the review as of 30/05/2016 - the update for Marrakesh has fixed the issue for target names and parameters not being shown in Contracts mode. The launcher now has support for higher resolutions. Performance has been slightly improved in certain areas.UPDATE 2:Updating the review as of 04/12/2016 - the end of the first season is here, and with it comes the news of more seasons being planned! They have added a feature to be able to play offline with all your unlocks! All you have to do is be online to unlock them - a partial DRM fix! I've adjusted a minor section in the review - you cannot hide weapon in food crates and carry them around as a waiter (although it was in the gameplay trailers) - sorry about that.(Obviously the online DRM annoys some people and the performance is choppy in some areas but that shouldn't cast a shadow over thegameplay). I managed to enjoy the game regardless, so here is a review of the gameplay:I haven't played much (4 hours as of writing) but I can certainly make some points based on gameplay. This is based on the Paris level available on release. TL;DR @ bottom.HITMAN plays very similarly to the original Hitman games but also incorporates mechanics from Absolution such as the cover system and a few borrowed animations. Instinct is back but that stupid thing 47 does with his hand over his head is gone; it's literally a wall hack but you can turn it off if you so wish. You can choose the equipment and clothing 47 takes with him before the mission, and depending on your ""mastery level"" you can also choose where to enter. Mastery level is a value that increases once you've completed certain challenges. You can gain Mastery of a level by completing all of its challenges and earning an achievement.When you're in a level you can press F1 to view the challenges. From here, you can mark a challenge so you can complete it. The game also presents challenges to you if you're in the right circumstance. When carrying out a challenge, the game points you where to go and what to do. It very much holds your hand, which can be patronising. I'm sure you can turn this off though. The HUD is a little ""too"" helpful by displaying literally every opportunity and highliting every possible pickup, but can be turned off. I really do feel that this game tends to make it easier for you, removing any sense of independence you might have unless turning off options such as the HUD and hints.A few interesting features available to the player vary from the ability to conceal your weapon in things such as bins andfood crates(sorry, I thought you could do this, but you can't) to setting off a fire alarm so the civilians are evacuated. The AI worry me a lot since actions which should be obvious don't seem to phase them. They feel dumbed down. The AI go about their patrol paths and investigate unusual behaviour, but peripheral vision seems to be obsolete. You'd be surprised with the kind of stupid sh#t you can get away with due to poor AI and sometimes delayed reactions. While wearing a disguise, the head of that group will see through it. You'll need to avoid these ""enforcers"" as they can blow your cover - I like this system in comparison to everyone seeing through your disguise.The level feels very open and alive and the NPCs all seem to have a role within that world. The map is huge, allowing for endless replayability, planning and exploration. NPCs feel believable. I would say only the static NPCs (such as the generic guests) feel, well.. static. Events within the level make the level feel so much more deep. This can range from conversations between guards about the multiverse theory to walking in front of a camera as a reporter does her job, only to get mad at you for interrupting. This is of course all based on the Paris level, but I'm sure this will be applicable to future missions. I felt myself often exploring the level and just taking in the beautiful scenery and architecture of the world. It feels real.I'm really impressed by the vast majority of ways you can kill your targets. The methods sometimes really go above expectations and make you question if that really just happened while also giving you a sense of accomplishment for actually pulling off ""the big kill"". They really are unique in comparison to just garotting or shooting your target and definitely leave a lasting impression.On top of the base game is contracts mode, escalation mode and elusive targets. Contracts allows you to choose up to five targets and set up ways for them to be killed, so others can attempt to do so. Or you can attempt their challenges. It's different from Absolution because Absolution had parameters like ""don't miss any shots"", allowed you to choose NPC costumes at the beginning, there's no money and no weapon upgrades.You can't tell what the target's name is because the game doesn't tell you, so you don't know which weapon or method to kill them with.Absolution had a better contracts mode. Escalation mode first provides you with a target, a way to kill them and a disguise to wear. After this is done, you are tasked with the same mission but with added parameters (such as opening a safe or killing another target). More and more parameters get added each time you complete it. It really is quite fun. Elusive targets are targets that will appear for a short time that you can kill. IO sets this up.Notes - my review is based on gameplay but I will talk about the issues everyone else is talking about too:*Currently there are DRM server issues meaning that you can't complete challenges whilst being offline. The game kicked me back to the main menu after disconnecting me and didn't make a save. I lost some progress which annoyed me. So you NEED to be online to complete challenges, which is very stupid.This isn't a problem anymore!* There are technical problems relating to the graphics, but this really only seems to be active in the yacht mission during the prologue. Being near the NPCs on the boat drops a lot of frames but being near at least 3 times as many in Paris doesn't drop any frames (for me, anyway).* The launcher locks some graphics settings. I had to add start up options to the game in order to play above 1080p (1440p).This isn't a problem anymore!* This game is episodic. (I don't care about it. I actually like it this way.)PROS:+ Very fun gameplay, feels solid+ Lots of interesting ways to kill targets+ Equipment/weapon selection+ World feels very alive and real+ Huge maps+ Lots of fun challenges+ Back to how Hitman games used to be+ Contracts mode, Escalation mode, Elusive targetsCONS:- Performance issues (will probably be fixed soon)- Online DRM (You can play offline now with your unlocks!)- Locked graphics settings in the launcher for some people (as of right now)- Game holds your hand, dumbed down HUD/hints- AI need some ""logic"" tweaks- Absolution had a better contracts mode- A few reused animations (there are some new ones though)- Wall hack instinct (can be turned off)NEUTRAL:+ - The game is episodic. Opinion based.TL;DR - how a Hitman game should be,  loads of content, loads of ways to kill targets, really fun. Suffers from performance issues, DRM issues and certain gameplay mechanics.Now I hope you'll excuse me becauseI need to use the bathroom."
,Not Recommended,236870,22528405,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,WeenieSoccerBoy64,"Hitman *promises to give content*Hitman *goes away for 1 month*Me *recieves email*Email: ""NEW CONTENT FOR HITMAN""Me: ""FINAL-""Email: ""PS4 EXCLUSIVE""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HITMAN IF I WANTED TO GET A FIST UP MY♥♥♥♥♥ I WOULDVE JUST ASKED MY DAD AND I WOULD'VE STILL HAD 60 DOLLARS TO SPEND ON CRACK"
,Not Recommended,236870,21771732,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,WackoBlacko,"Fix your ♥♥♥♥ING game you bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥uckers. ♥♥♥♥ IO. ♥♥♥♥ Square Enix. Graphics glitches and Low fps on rig with 16GB RAM, R9 380 4GB and a FX8350 8 core Processor. What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.And I'm running on medium-high. Poured £39.99 to this game this is what I get. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.NOT recommended until a proper fix. Avoid like the god damn plague."
76561197995881653,Not Recommended,236870,21778739,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,beretrose,"I was expecting much more, be aware that you have to be connected all the time to internet in order to enjoy full game possibilities (contract, costums, weapons...).Graphism are so so despite my computer config.I really recomend to players to wait for patch and more missions.I don't understand the logic to release a game with only one mission and then publish the others on the coming month."
76561197999213429,Not Recommended,236870,21774312,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Za1zeR,"How can they release a game there isn't finished. And after, release each mission as a DLC, and force you to wait to they all come out so you can complete the game? It defies belief. I have never seen anything like that. And I play a lot of games. I'm mad as hell.And even though they only give you one mission. There are still performance issues. F*ck this game."
76561198165884051,Not Recommended,236870,29970042,Posted: 16 February,all,HandsomeCaca,"Game suffers from trying to do too much with an already great formula. You should be able to go through the game offline, but they didn't put that option in. I understand what they were trying with the online capabilities of live targets, leaderboards, etc., but they alienated an entire base of fans that have potato internet. That said, even having no internet connection issues myself, this game was overally less free and creative than titles before it with assasinations. It's like a solid 6.5/10. If the full game is ever on sale for 20 bucks or less, I'd say go ahead and pick it up. Anything more than that is pushing it."
76561198041079794,Not Recommended,236870,22139861,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MadManMcReid,"Too many unfinished elements have made it into this game and it just feels shonky. I understand that the devs want to release content in an episodic format but that doesn't mean that the basics shouldn't be polished. Things like menus, controls, and basic graphics settings should all be properly finished before you release a game. Unfortunately they aren't here.There's a bunch of simple functions you'd expect on any PC release which are just completely absent in this game. For example, the escape key in the main (root) meny doesn't quit the game (you have find the quit button burried in the settings menu to exit), key binding options are extremely limited, there's no hotkey options for things like quicksave, the mousewheel doesn't allow you to cycle your inventory like it should and did in past games, and so on. Playing on a console I might expect some of these issues but no PC release should be this handicapped.Graphics are another problem area with massive and annoying rendering issues all over the place. Trying in vain to fix some of these I've discovered that even some of the graphics options haven't been finished. For instance, want to set texture quality to anything but low? Tough, the medium and high options are disabled so suck it up princess.There's some nice ideas in this game but it is only half baked in terms of the execution. If you don't want to reward devs or publishers for rushing out unfinished and unpolished games, then don't buy this game."
,Recommended,236870,32159853,Posted: 3 June,all,Ulu,"I started playing Hitman games relatively late, my first was Blood Money which has remained the gold standard for the series. Absolution, while a good game in its own right was a mediocre (at best) Hitman game, but this....this new installment is utterly fantastic.Bringing over Instinct and the Contracts mode from Absolution (and significantly improving them) while going back to the more open-ended style of Blood Money and the earlier games, combined with an excellent attention to detail and finely crafted levels; IO Interactive has produced a game which absolutely ticks all my boxes.While it may seem that there's not much content with only 6 main missions, each mission can be tackled and completed in dozens of different ways. Each mission also has a set of challenges which you can complete to gain mastery and unlock new weapons and gear to use. Add on to that the 3 bonus missions which take place in reworked (sometimes substantially so) versions of some of the main missions and all of the Escalations, and there is an unexpectedly large amount of content to explore."
,Not Recommended,236870,25681415,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Neve Campbell Soup,"I regret buying the game as episodes as you cannot access the bonus level content without either buying the full experience or upgrade pack. That would be fine if there was a way to get the upgrade pack or full experience by splitting the difference of episodes you already own. But it doesn't... Even if you add the upgrade pack to your cart anyway it tells you that you wont get a second copy of the episodes to even gift to people.There isn't a way to ""upgrade"" without rebuying past content. It literally punishes you for buying the game the way they have released it. I am not really sure who thought that was a good idea or how they thought people wouldn't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to discover this. I wish I had not supported this type of idocy.The game is fun and great to play. But I really wish I could get a refund so that these types of practices aren't supported. Grade A example of screwing the consumer."
,Not Recommended,236870,21967771,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,XO-Centric,"While I enjoyed the ONE mission that is currently released, and have played through it multiple times, I don't think I can recommend the game until after all of the missions are available.This is a good sequel to blood money, and they made many options available for the more creative assassins out there, unlike Absolution, which forced you through missions certain ways.However, once you play the same mission over and over you start to see the cracks in the level layouts and AI, and you realize that you have less freedom than originally thought.Eventual full release will probably be a 8.5/10 for me.As it stands, with the trainers + first mission, 4/10.TL:DR - Wait until they release all of the missions."
,Recommended,236870,31711543,Posted: 12 May,all,Kildash,"This game's pretty good, also ♥♥♥♥ Square Enix."
,Not Recommended,236870,22987955,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cooter,"I love the Hitman series, but this game has some serious flaws that keep me from recommending it.  I want to see this game succeed, and the developers need to listen to the community and bring back the majority of features that were in Blood Money.  I may change my review when the full game releases, but not while its in its current beta state.Always online for a SINGLE PLAYER GAMECrappy contracts modeNo weapon customizationNo money systemHorrible gun physicsCopy and pasted animationsInvisible wire animationsNo human shieldNo briefcase as it standsNPCs jump back up after being shotLacking and inconsistent bloodWay too many super bright and super dark areas in the mapPatches that fuhck more up than they fixCrappy Sarajevo six missions not worth playingCrappy gunsNo proper ranking systemThe game is just generally buggy with frame rate drops randomly coming and goingThis crap they pulled with releasing gloves laterCrappy AI has no reaction to blood poolsNo controller sensitivity optionsThe devs have horrible or zero communication with its playersThe so called Live component of the game is boring and needs to download patches even though the devs said patching wouldn't be necessary"
76561198003348090,Not Recommended,236870,27935907,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Loo  [QC],"Connection FailedUnable to connect to the HITMAN(tm) service. Service is down for maintenance.For more information, contact HITMAN(tm) support.Will force online play on you to rob you of paid content.Enjoy playing only when Square Enix allows you."
76561198060203956,Recommended,236870,28043759,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"HITMAN: Going Back To RootsIf you're one of those people who thought that Absolution didn't feel like a ""true"" Hitman game. If all you wanted was a classic Hitman formula with sandbox levels, mission planning, multiple ways to eliminate your enemies...If that is what you want then this is the game for You.This is the game for people who have been craving for a Blood Money kind of experience.The game is good and we'll talk about it in a second but first I gotta tell you something, dudes and dudettes.The latest patch does let you play the game in offline mode with all your toys unlockedbut you may lose your mission progress when losing connectivity in middle of a mission.Alright. Time to talk about the game.There are 6 missions in the game. Each mission takes place in a different location. Once again we have our classic hotel setting. There's also a modeling show in Paris, a terrorist compound and more. All the locations look and feel different and most of them are downright gorgeous.All missions take place in big sandbox levels. You are free to explore the levels how you like. Of course you need disguises to explore most parts of the levels but you'll figure it out.Each mission has several scripted events you can trigger to eliminate your targets. You don't have to do them tho.There are A LOT of different ways to take down your targets and that gives us a great replay value for each level.Not only is it cool to discover and play through all the scripted events but there are also different challenges you can complete. If that's not enough for you either then you're free to complete the levels any way you can imagine and pull it off. There's no restrictions. You can even go in guns blazin' if you so want to. However you are quite squishy so I recommend using the returning feature: Cover system.I talked about it in my Absolution review. I was saying that a perfect Hitman game would be Blood Money like levels and gameplay mixed with the added cover feature and weapon handling from Absolution...My dream came true. This game is a combination of that and it feels amazing. Not only that but the contracts from Absolution make a return as well. You can create your own contracts or play user made ones. Again adding to the already big replay value.A big problem in Absolution was the disguise system. Disguise yourself as a security guard and every single security guard saw through your disguise. That made the disguises kind of useless.This game has the perfect disguise system. You can take down a security guard and disguise yourself as him. Now some security guards will see through your disguise. Most likely security personnel in a higher position. However other security grunts won't tell the difference. None of the other staff members will have a glue either: Cooks, janitors, waiters...You fool 'em all.What items can you choose to use in your mission planning?Fiber wire and silverballers make a return.You can also plant assault rifles and a sniper rifle in a safe spot if you want to. You can have remote explosives, poisons, knives and a very useful lockpick. Hell, you can even have a machete! You can choose to start the mission in front of a hotel or a palace as 47 or you can start off undercover as one of the staff members. The other starting locations need to be unlocked first tho.So is the game worth the full price? If you're looking for the next great Hitman game then it should be a no brainer. Get the game right now!However if you have not played Blood Money yet or it has been a LONG time since you last played it then I would suggest waiting till either season 2 comes out or grab the game on a sale. Till then just play Blood Money. The thing is that HITMAN has only 6 levels right now. You can complete those super fast. I think it only took me about 10-12 hours to finish the story and then an extra 12 hours replaying the levels. The replay value is super high in this game but the campaign itself feels short.There is no excuse for making this an episodic game. Hopefully they don't charge us another 49.99 for season 2."
76561198003137327,Not Recommended,236870,21812109,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kimosabi,"DRM always online? THanks but no thanks, this business model has gone way too far, and yes it is basically a business model/publisher model, not a game developing model. I am a big fan of the Hitman series but I will never buy another hitman DLC, game or whatever if they keep this up. And release a Hitman game with only one mission available??? That's just shameless. I don't give a crap if the game is good or not, I played the Paris mission, but what Hitman fans want is to be able to go to the next mission. NOT WAIT FOR MONTHS.Uninstalling"
76561198064325693,Not Recommended,236870,28502236,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,C97,"You've been disconnected! Glad i wasted my time playing so i could lose everything. it forced me to the title screen. Wow. What a ""Game"" Why do we HAVE to be connected to play. make an offline mode. This is stupid."
76561197970811719,Not Recommended,236870,28938557,Posted: 2 January,all,gbarwis,"As far as the game itself is concerned, I'm really enjoying it. I haven't finished the whole game yet (I'm a completionist, so still have many opportunities to complete).I believe the developers have struck the right balance of storytelling and gameplay; there isn't so much cutscene and voiceover that I get frustrated and want to ""just play"", but it's not so sparse that I find myself wondering what's going on and unable to immerse myself in the bigger picture.The graphics are quite good. They're not GREAT, but they are certainly good enough that I'm able to enjoy the game without being pulled out my immersion by bad art.I'm not a fan of the control layout on the keyboard - it feels very much like a solid console game that was ported over, or perhaps a PC game with a UI designed by folks with a heavy console background. You can get used to it, though, even if it always remains a bit of a distraction.Finally, for me, the *huge* red flag is the ""always-on DRM"". In order for me to enjoy a single-player game, I must be connected to the Internet and be able to reach their servers to verify my account. Come on, guys. I understand the need to protect your IP - I've been working in the PC gaming industry myself for over 20 years - but an approach like this is not only user-unfriendly, but actually comes across as overtly hostile.-- Taking a trip, want to play this great single player game on the plane? Nope, not unless you pay for airplane Wifi. Oops, airplane Wifi is intermittent and has moments of disconnects? Guess you're out of luck - and shame on you for thinking you could play a single-player-game on a plane anyway.-- Traveling internationally, staying in hotels without Wifi or wired internet? Sorry, you sure can't play our single-player game.-- Have a home provider that has Internet ""reliability issues"" (believe me, with the sort of work that I do, I could give you depressing reliability statistics on many dozens of major end-user ISPs throughout North America and Europe)? ""Okay, my Internet's down again, so I guess I'll have to stop playing my favorite multiplayer game, instead I'd sure like to play my favorite single-player game... except NOPE""Surely, surely there are ways to protect your IP from theft, or your content from manipulation, without resorting to such a heavy-handed, community-hostile approach."
,Not Recommended,236870,28510565,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DrExK,"The game is good, but the online system makes the UI transition really, really slow. I don't have a lot of time or patience waiting around for things to be grabbed from the remote server all the time. I hope they can improve the atrociously designed online system for season 2 by taking a hint at the 'MIXED' review granted.In terms of the design. I love the story campaign and elusive targets, but the escalation missions simply suck. what a lazy and repetitive design."
76561198064018852,Not Recommended,236870,21775120,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,✫ PeaceMaker ✫,"SE fukked up on this one, game cut up into eps?? SE u can suck my eps. game have alot of bugs, when i drag the body 47 doesnt like it... and just DROPS the freakin body, and i cant pick it up...AND i get fukked after EVERY F. TIME. FPS is simply♥♥♥♥♥♥ and guess what? u need to be online to play the game, if u drop out of server, which is also a big problem atm, you will lose ur progress. Im a big Hitman fan, and i am realllyyyyy disappointed in this one.PS: Here SE    3==o ~~   for ur greedy♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236870,33607730,Posted: 17 July,all,ciny,"My dad watched me playing for 30 minutes and had a nightmare about 47 following him through the streets of Sapienza. 10/10On a more serious note, great game, the devs care about it much and now that Square Enix let them go they'll hopefully be able to produce even better content (and get rid of the always online requirement)."
76561197970649200,Recommended,236870,25615363,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,danpaladin,"This is a big step up from Hitman: Absolution, which I did not recommend.  Though I do recommend this one it's hard to quantify super cleanly so I'll get to the list;Good-Big, involved missions-Lots of ways to solve things-Unlockable starting areas-Unlockable gear-Challenging-Feels like the classic Hitman games-Atmosphere feels consistent, areas are varied-Progression initially feels great and story-driven-Production values are goodWeird-After you do a handful of missions, you're now redoing the same missions with the same targets in the same location because there's nowhere else to go anymore.  In its current state, this leaves story feeling like it just jumped out a window.  Nothing new past that aside from kiling different NPCs with specific weaponry while wearing specific clothing in the same levels.-There's no satisfying overall ""ending"" or any ending at all (aside from the endings of certain missions which had me hooked at first)-Waiting for another installment to the game's areas/story seems to take months which can kill all momentumNot as good-There's no ""quick"" sorts of missions due to the scale of each area, so newer players will have to commit a good half hour at least if they want to complete something to keep their progress.-Doing a mission the loud and sloppy way seems to go against it all now due to the sheer number of guards in the level and the punishments you incur for each person shot.  You'll be fighting what feels like 25 guards with machineguns if you get in a gunfight in just about anywhere.  There's lots of equipment for being loud but I can't really seem to get away with using any of it at all.Overall, if you miss the classic Hitman games (my favorite was Blood Money) then this might scratch that itch.  The content delivery system is an odd business choice, but it's nice to know they're still updating the game.  I'm sure if I come back in half a year there might be a couple more levels for me to try -- though the game punishes you by waving what you permanently missed during that timeslot in front of your face in a permanent list."
,Not Recommended,236870,21770248,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,NSX Gaming the Sorcerer,"While I sure think the game has potential, can I recommend it now? No. Performance is horrible. Low FPS, constant crashes. I'm unwilling to spend more time in the game for the fear of surpassing the two hour refund limit.My strongest suggestion is you wait before buying this game."
76561198089705103,Not Recommended,236870,21870263,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Joe,"If you are asking people to be always-online, make your DAMN server stable!"
,Recommended,236870,32998275,Posted: 29 June,all,Bisonfan95,"They say that whenever you achieve a defining feat, people will expect no less from you, and that is fair. That's what is happening with the franchise right now. Blood Money is the reference point since it came out. While Absolution failed miserably in growing on that base, this game kinda hits the nail in some ways. I don't feel immortal anymore, nice graphics and physics and great level design with a short but interesting story in its own way. I can't wait to see how it unfolds.Pros:-Catches the hitman feeling again.-Contracts are back.-Nice graphics and physics.Cons:-Didn't improve AI obssesive behaviour with sounds. I mean... Seriously, if you hear a coin dropping the maximum thing you would do is turn your head BUT NOT GOING TO INVESTIGATE. If I hear something breaking I would walk away VERY fast so nobody can blame me for it lol (specially in a museum). Investigations should trigger on restricted areas only. Or in areas secluded in which AI NPC is sure he is alone there. Even more, depending on the situation some NPCs should walk away with fear.-The dubstep-ish♥♥♥♥♥♥♥music makes me miss Jesper Kyd.-Super power ""Instinct"" still here (yes, seeing through walls is still cheating for me)...EDIT:-Also... in Blood Money the world was completely independent from you. Here even if you deactivate ""opportunities"" the world still ""waits"" a little bit for you to trigger conversations, interactions, etc. The magic and replay value of blood money was being able to change the route on a map and ending up in an entirely new situation, here... not so much"
76561198290756194,Not Recommended,236870,21775405,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,popinJay,"I was love you Square Enix but after just cause 3 and now hitman, you are nothing more than ♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,236870,22285951,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,incx,"""Superb"" sandbox game:1. Start a mission2. Spend tens of minutes, if not more, setting up whatever neat stuff you had planned.3. Get kicked out of the mission without a warning or alternative because ""server error""All unlockable weapons and stuffs are in online-mode only, so if you want to start this baby up a few years from now like one does with Blood Money, you most likely won't have access to it or probably most of the game.4 out of 5 stars for ragequits.5 out of 5 stars for general annoyance and making you swear like a sailor.The game itself really has promise (with the little amount of content currently available), but the hard-online-only DRM and features just sour the deal like a ,,,"
,Not Recommended,236870,25726057,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ThDubya,"It is with heavy heart I give the thumbs down for this game, as it is better than most games out there, but it must be judged with comparison to the earlier games in the series, and compared to Blood Money, it is nothing.As most other negative reviews probably discuss, the missions are way too few to call this a complete game. Even though the mission maps themselves are often larger than in the earlier games, they feel bland to me, and the missions objectives in each of them is no more than before, thus the time you spend to complete each mission is not significantly larger than before, meaning that the missions are played through in a breeze.What I perhaps miss the most from Blood Money, (even the horrendous Absolution), is that the levels in those games contain a lot of hidden things to find in off-the-beaten-path rooms and sometimes humorous dialog between guards. It is hard to explain, but I feel that the levels in Hitman (2016) lack any of this at all, and feel like sterile areas run by a strict government or something. I have thoroughly checked every room in the levels so far, and found very few things of interest.A lot of angry discussions in the message boards are of the two camps: achievement replayers vs story/silent assassin people. I am in the latter camp, and grinding my way through the same level a hundred times is not for me. Thus, I cannot give this game a good score. The story has also been disappointingly confusing and uninteresting thus far, but I admit that the Hitman games have never really been about the story, even though there is an interesting core framing around most of the earlier releases.Sorry, IOI: this time the thumb goes down."
76561198242090664,Not Recommended,236870,22147033,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,jrmacmillan,"Pioneering, someone in Square Enix is getting a raise for successfully releasing a game that is entirely DLC.""In an effort to not release an incomplete game, we're releasing an Intentionally incomplete game... 'Episodic' drinks all round""The gameplay experience is great, that dialog box that shows every time you're booted out of a mission is brilliant, well designed, good jawb on the dialog box."
76561198046293343,Not Recommended,236870,24411973,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Arowmatic,"Has all episodes, doesn't have full experience, can't play bonus episodes. 10/10"
,Recommended,236870,31230691,Posted: 18 April,all,Bacon Overlord,Stabbing innocent people in the face with a cleaver gives me a lot of satisfaction.
,Not Recommended,236870,22285209,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Gimp in latex,"*Update for Episode 2*. Marked with ""*"". Yes I bought the all parts before the game came out. I can't walk atm because I'm waiting for surgeries on my feet and during this period I'm more relaxed on my rules of pre-orders etc since doing any crap that takes my mind of being stuck at home (however stinking bad that crap is) is better than doing nothing.*Episode 2 - State of the game: So yeah... I tried to play the Episode 2 after a couple of days (or weeks, can't remember) of the episode being out. What surprise am I greeted with? The servers doesn't work! Yay! So if I wanted to play that day I would have no ability to progress and unlock new stuff or use new stuff.*The performance (playing the DX11 version with GTX 970 and Skylake 6600 CPU) since Episode 1 is alot worse. Had to reduce my settings to half of what they were before. (High settings to either medium or low).*Great choice to have always online DRM on a singleplayer games guys! Oh well... a few days ago I logged in again and completed the level while exploring most of the stuff in it. Took me an hour maybe. Most definitely doesn't feel like 1/5 of a full game. Maybe 1/15. 1/10 if I'm really generous, Blood Money had 13 missions and it seems like this game will have 5-6 in the end.*If each episode came with 3 of these levels then I'd say it's worth the price. But atm, there is no way in hell that any person who can walk (I.E not me lol) should put their money elsewhere. I don't see how they can justify releasing only 1 level every few months while also having Always-Online DRM AND Denuvo DRM. Scum bags is all I have to say. (Probably Square Enix fault)*Original review*Don't make the mistake of supporting these shady people like I did by buying this game. What will you have to deal with if you buy it? Let's make a list!Always Online DRM - check.Denuvo DRM on top of the Always Online DRM - check.2-3 months wait time between episodes instead of 1 month (which they promised) - check.Too little content per episode - check.*Worse performance now than at the release - check.When (if EVER) should you buy it? When the Always Online DRM is removed and the whole game is completed and at sale. These guys are really shady and shady practices shouldn't be supported. They promised a new episode each month and that the episodes would be filled with content. Now they're going back on that promise when they've sold most of the games. Disgusting practice. They use Denuvo DRM which should mean that there is no need to have Always Online DRM, BUT THEY STILL USE IT!If you look at my hours played and think I got my money's worth, don't be fooled. I have played sooo many hours trying to make it worth it, but most of those hours (replays of the same levels) have had me so bored that I fell asleep in front of the computer... it's just my desprerate attempts to make it feel like this was worth it by pretending replaying a level 10 times is fun because it's big. Suprise! It's not! I actually would have rather had another game like Absolution than this crap. At least replaying them made you feel some success at perfectly figuring out the puzzle of that level. Replaying these levels are just too easy because the options are so many and so overpowered.I'll never buy a Square Enix game again."
,Recommended,236870,34719566,Posted: 3 September,all,The Lizard Wizard,"HITMAN is everything a Hitman game should be. After the massive dissapointment that was Absolution, IO decided to make an actual sequel and a worthy successor to Blood Money, and they pulled it off brilliantly. The level design is once again open and immersive, the objectives are interesting and fun to get to, and getting Silent Assassin is satisfying.The disguise system is a clever mix of the systems of Blood Money and Absolution, meaning most people will be absolutely clueless to your presence, but some of them, named enforcers, will be able to see through your disguise, so you can't just go wherever you want once you get the right disguise like it was in Blood Money, but it's still nowhere near as obnoxious and boring as it was in Absolution.The story is also exactly how it should be, interesting enough to get your attention while managing to stay out of the way of the gameplay. And I know a lot of people immediately disregard episodic releases, but if there's a game that deserves to adapt that model, it's Hitman, as it has always had an episodic structure that invites you to replay the same level over an over trying different routes and methods. The episodic release also allows the developers to maximize the polish in each level, and it shows.TL/DR: Is good, buy.This is just Season 1, but the game has enough content to justify the purchase. And in case the DRM was preventing you from getting the game, you should know that the Denuvo DRM has already been removed. That's because IO is now an independent studio, which means it's free from Square Enix's evil hands, but also that they need our support more than ever."
76561198058005933,Not Recommended,236870,28272680,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,alanirvin1,I can never connect to online play.  It ruins most of the game.
,Not Recommended,236870,21782979,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mayo,"This is probably the pinacle of bad ideas in the gaming industry.I loved Blood Money and enjoyed Absolution but I cannot support a game that releases, episodic or not, as $60 with so little content.I am very hesitent to buy 'early-access' games on Steam these days as many of the developers have decided to abandon their titles before completion as the game's sales have already peaked.This HITMAN feels as though a AAA game studio saw the work vs reward of many early-access games and decided they should try it as well.Basically, you buy the game and must trust that the developer will not only finish it, but finish it in a satisfying manner. What prevents the studio from not finishing this series? What prevents them from phoning in the rest of the episodes?While I knew of the 'episodes' when I purchased the $60 version I still think the game borders into some grey areas of ethics. The videos shown above show a much more finished product which many, like myself, thought would be a part of the first episode.75% of the content in the first episode is dull and uninspiring anyway. The fashion show mission called Showstopper is much nicer but still felt unentertaining to me. I swore I heard the words 'open world' somewhere in marketting before this came out and the levels feel very small to me. Maybe the square footage of the Showstopper is larger than some, but it felt clostrophic. I think of a large spanning room where the ceilings are only 4ft high.Lastly, while I'm sure some enjoy it, I can't help but feel that the completionist mindset of the game is lazy. Many things within the game, all replays of the same missions mind you, are locked unless you complete challenges. These challenges are things like ""Kill this person wearing this uniform in this fashion"". I feel like they're trying to capture the essense of Blood Money but instead of giving the freedom of Blood Money they force the player. Do this Agent 47. Ok. Now do this.I'm not sure if I can explain it better than that, but I had no interest in listening to the game.I just cannot approve of this new direction the franchise is taking. I have no interest in it. I think it's dangerous to customers as well. It feels like a family member asking for money. That they'll pay you back later. In an undefined time frame. With money they're betting on making. From the money they borrowed from you.No uncle 47- please stop.EDIT: On a positive note, I received a refund from Steam for this game. I'm pleasantly surprised they refunded me but felt it was worth mentioning. It was not only refunded in full, but the very next day. Thumbs up to Steam."
76561198010365747,Not Recommended,236870,21865393,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Boyinleaves,"EDIT 28/4/16: Episode 2 is bloody amazing. I'm changing my recommendation to positive; there are already enough people boycotting the game that sales numbers are low enough for Square Enix to get the message that their always-online garbage ain't cool. Definitely glad I bought it - can't get this kind of experience anywhere else. Well, I could in real life I guess, but that has potentially unpleasant consequences, and no save-reload mechanics.EDIT 23/4/16: This week's patch incorporated a reconnect option that allows you to reconnect to the game's servers should you happen to be disconnected during play (Thanks IO). This helps somewhat to solve the immediate frustration of having your gaming sessions disrupted, but still doesn't change the fact that the game is almost entirely single player, yet is unnecessarily hampered by draconian DRM and a pointless always-online requirement to access new equipment and unlocks. HITMAN may very well lose most of its content if the servers are shut down without the developers rectifying these issues. If the game wasn't so damn good I'd be boycotting the next episode(s) until they remove all of it completely, but I don't think I'll be able to help myself. Damn you Square Enix.Game is great, publisher is not. Do not buy until always-on DRM/connection requirement is removed. This game is a shining example of another publisher releasing incentive for people to pirate their products. Bravo."
,Recommended,236870,23036529,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[G]rigorwOw- =DDD,"Agent 47 is back in big form. I can recommend this game and i think it is must-play for all fans of the serie. Good hunting!+ Difficulty settings (you can keep on / off hints like instincts, HUD, etc...)+ Replayability (really many ways how to play, levels are large and have many secrets to discover)+ Opportunites (many options how to kill targets)+ Challenges (even more options like feats and discoveries)+ Instict (improved from Absolution and makes more sense now)+ Manual saves! (really helpful)+ Elusive targets (only one try - nice idea)+ Mission loadout (possibilty to select items and weapons, even starting location and item agency pickup)- Still broken DX12 support for me- Long loading time (sometimes loading takes too long)- Release dates for new episodes (such a shame you can't play all of them at once)- Still online DRM- Missing briefcase for sniper rifleVerdict: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,23637206,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,"Maybe my opinion of this game will change if they ever address the issues affecting it, but right now I cannot recommend this.Badly optimised, online DRM with connection drops, delayed bug-control, lack of content, and poor business acumen.The plan is to give us six maps (plus two tutorials) and keep recycling them with escalation and elusive contracts to give players the illusion that they are getting new content. One of the seven episodes that we purchased is on a recycled map (hence six maps). IO Interactive is so confident in their map-making abilities that they think players are too gullible to deserve more. Contracts mode could make up the difference but currently it is a joke because creators have very little control over setting contract rules. Instead of changing this IOI would rather restrict that control for themselves and keep pumping out tedious escalations. ""Season 2"" is planned. Will that be six more maps for $59.99? Not worth the money.HITMAN™? More like HITSCAM™"
,Recommended,236870,33174558,Posted: 3 July,all,Concrete,"Level design perfection.I have not played a single game with such deep level design in my life. The map will function without you. The NPCs have schedules and triggers and you have some minor control over that. The level is a beautifully deep clockwork machine running on many levels.You are the wrench that breaks the clock.Agent 47 is the one part of the level that can change everything. Fashion Show? Cancelled. Boat Party? Cancelled. I have never seen before the amount that a single action can derail everything so that you, the master assassin, can swoop in on your unfortunate victim to kill them in a miriad of ways.Shoot them, drown them, shank them, choke them, snap their necks, drop a chandelier on them, snipe them, bomb them, poison them, clobber them, it is your choice.The maps have near endless replayability because of the Escalation contracts and other modes. I enjoyed the Challenges not because of achievements or as a completionist but as a tool to learn the huge maps. I learned disguise locations, object locations, NPC schedules, the triggers they react to, escape routes and such all through playing the challenges. This meant that when the time came to play an escalation contract I was a master of the map!Highly recommended, easily the best sandbox assassination game on the market."
76561198015181623,Not Recommended,236870,22213473,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Necroteuch,"Could have been a great game, was it not for the slight issue with the servers disconnecting mid strangulation. EVERY GOT DAMN TIME!If I wanted to get interrupted during my assasinations I would join Mossad.5/7 would not buy again"
,Not Recommended,236870,33958933,Posted: 1 August,all,Quakeguy,"This is difficult.I've been playing Hitman games since 2002, with the release of 'Silent Assassin' and I have played through and beaten them all. Any game with a rating system for your missions, I would strive for dozens of hours to get the perfect and fastest Silent Assassin run one could get. This franchise stumbled heavily with Absolution, and cracked its skull on the pavement with this reboot. Where to begin?The graphics, sound, voice acting, they are all absolutely fine. They got a very good VA to replace Diana, who sounds more like the original than the Absolution recast did. The level design is certainly a return to IO Interactive's clever origins. So if the game is graphically competant, the sound design is well implemented, and the voice acting is great, what is the issue?I purchased this entire series for under $30, and for the amount of content, it was a somewhat justifiable purchase because I knew IO interactive was getting SOME of the money. IO Interactive is a great developer that has been held hostage by the horrible decisions of a corporate boardroom somewhere in Japan. I've yet to even finish the game, I feel it is just so over-developed in the levels and frankly boring. This was most likely done to try and justify purchasing individual levels. Some of the most memorable moments I've ever had in video games, nevermind in the Hitman franchise, were in levels developed by IO that were 1/20th the size of most HITMAN maps. Excess only succeeds if that excessiveness doesn't come at an excessive cost. I feel poor publishing decisions, anti-consumer practices, and bloated/artificial grind for particular play-styles ruins this. This is a great imitation of a Hitman game if marketed and published by a soulless, shifty demon.A) Episodic Content. You will never be able to convince me this is a good idea. See, I remember Gabe and Valve's promise of Episodic Content. 11 years later, it's the biggest elephant in the room. Selling a game piecemeal will never be a good business practice. Spending $60-80 on a game and not knowing if 90% of its content will be good in the future is a shady practice whether the content ends up good or not.B) Because of episodic content being one level at a time, too much is packed into a single map.C) All of the clever ways to eliminate people, all the combinations of weapon use and situational awareness- all the potentially hilarious scenarios and funny stories you can tell your mates about your original kill... They've all been listed as achievements you can easily see. Worse, you need to go around and meticulously do these things in order to unlock the weapons you'd like to use in the first place- so by the time you have your W2000 rifle, you are bored of the map. This is one of the worst changes to me. I will never understand the artificial pursuit of unlocking corporate-guidelined 'achievements.' and HITMAN has been built entirely around this psychological mindgame of rewarding you with XP or items for unoriginality.D) Always Online. Always connected to a corporate server. Anyone who thinks this is a good idea for a single player game needs to absolutely ♥♥♥♥ off. Anyone who thinks building a single player game around constant micro-updates of content and DLC packs in a game already sold piecemeal is a corporate drone of the highest order. This entire game is the pure application of anti-consumerist practices.It's the same practices that killed Deus Ex: Mankind Divided- a self-immolating fireship of an idea to cut a game in half to sell later when the consumer-base knew it was done solely to boost profit during a time where they were already basking in a RECORD BREAKING FISCAL QUARTER. Instead of releasing a full game, they tried to fill it with DLC packs, Pre-Order packs, and split the game in half. As a result, most didn't buy it or pre-order and thusly they ended production of anymore Deus Ex. They shot themselves in the stomach and complained when they died of a gut wound.E) Too much item usage is locked behind problem C. This over-utilization of achievements locking gear/outfits instead of simply completing the level with a good rating stifles the flow of the game. I replayed Hitman 1, 2, Contracts, and Bloodmoney over and over again because it was immensely fun to do so, and to discover what the developers intended and did not intend in the levels. I feel, because of the reasons listed, this sense of discovery is now entirely artificial and fake. It's as if they built a strategy guide into the game.Square Enix, a Japanese Publisher, has been acquiring some of the greatest Western Franchises of all time and intentionally sabotaging them during a time of record-breaking profits in their Japanese games division. You, as a consumer, should not fiscally contribute to these practices."
,Not Recommended,236870,30504472,Posted: 14 March,all,狗在船上,Can't play a singleplayer campaign because of server maintenance?♥♥♥♥ this.Pretty sad given the fact that the game itself is actually good.
,Recommended,236870,24629109,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dr. Jimmy Brungus,"So far I've put 80 hours into this game and they've only released the first 3 episodes. I've found plenty of things to like about this game. I've played the Hitman series since the original Hitman: Codename 47 released on pc and i've always had fun with them. I've put hours and hours into every one, but I feel like with this game, they've hit their high point. It has all the great level design and open ended ways of completion that the first four games had but it includes the fluid mechanics that made Hitman Absolution such a fun game to play! I have to say, with the inclusion of escalating contracts, elusive targets, and even more levels on the way, this game has plenty of life in it."
,Not Recommended,236870,22132869,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Darth Platypus,"Let me start by saying I am a veteran of the Hitman series...Okay anyway, the way they set this game up is sh*t. They plan to release one new playable area each month until May... That's 6 places to go overall, including paris which I am already bored of after 1 day of playing it. They give you arbitrary side-hits to complete... Kill the security guard while wearing a server's outfit, kill the crew member with an axe, etc. These side missions have no substance, and when you do 10 of them on the same map you just end up getting sick of the game.My advice, wait. Wait for a very long time... Until all 6 locations are released and the price of the game is cut in half, at least. 11/10 should saw off my own limbs as punishment for buying this game in March."
,Recommended,236870,22031895,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,☭ - Rassy,"Good game, but I don't like the Monthly Mission thing. It's stupid, and I would really like to have a full game accesable for €50"
76561197960425587,Not Recommended,236870,24413857,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,racist,"This is an incomplete, buggy game whose publisher is too dishonest to label it as early access. It is an episodic game that punishes people who buy it episodically by locking them out from accessing ""bonus"" content that is instead reserved for people who bought the ""full experience"" package. It is a game that promised no DLC and yet now has at least one piece of significant DLC, the afore-mentioned ""bonus"" episode, with more to come later."
,Not Recommended,236870,21771664,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,大名 MOMCI OSOBNE,"Absolutely dissapointed. I don't know why do game studios release unfinished products, and get away with it? This has to stop"
76561197982597694,Not Recommended,236870,21858248,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Si,"♥♥♥♥♥crashing servers, always online drm"
,Not Recommended,236870,21774826,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr Hat,Game seems decent but hamstrung by the need to be online constantly - connection to server keeps dropping and you basically loose all of the interesting parts of the game without the online connection. I hope they fix this - will up rate if this gets fixed.
,Recommended,236870,32376072,Posted: 12 June,all,Pake,"Hitman 2016 is an amazing stealth, strategy, complex, and unique killing machine of a game with a living and breathing play area with several destinations that really make you feel like you're in another country and delivers the only best way possible if truly feeling like a hitman with so many options and opportunities to kill it truly is a remarkable game.+Really differs from a checkpoint based game that requires you to go through one level at a time to sneak through to just get to a cutscene or kill one guy but instead drops you into a single map with 2 targets and endless opportunities and feels like a sandbox game at heart+So many kill options+Opportunities are helpful and are cool to establish awesome looking kills+The game really sets up its own gameplay mechanics for certain recurring kills so going into a new destination players already know how to do certain achievements+Drop off items+Spawn somewhere already disguised besides just at spawn+Elusive targets to keep the game current and populated+Unlocks throughout mastery of destinations+Very good atmospheric feeling that really makes you feel like you're truly in that country and not some kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ example or remake+Being able to make your own missions+Challenges add an ultimate core to the game and without them the game would be pretty bleak+Realistic feel of ""illegal items"" and how trespassing is set to more of guards leading you out of the area instead of immediately shooting you+Overall stealth incorporated is very good+Story and not just a game with constant hits+Bonus missions+Blood Money Outfit+Cutscenes look so realistic+Professional Mode is ultra realistic and very challenging+Ability to buy parts of the game to test it out and not have to pay for the whole thing-Game almost loses you that it has a story until it picks up after Thailand-NPC's seeing you subduing or knocking someone out through walls-Several awkward NPC interactions where their AI will fail to communicate on what is happening-Several challenges were very hard to figure out what to do and just altogether many were just very frustrating to complete-Escalations in a whole-Certain NPC's ignoring game mechanics-All guards know where the player is and will go within their range even if not spotted if they commit a somewhat noticeable crime and sometimes won't even leave unless the player is hiding-Gets very tiring just trying to 100% a destination only for more escalations to be added on-Season 2-Recurring voice actor of guards and NPC looks in different destinations-Would be cool if everyone spoke the native language in the destinations and were just subtitled-An automatic skip of the intro cutscene would be grand-47 looks creepy as hell and his eyes look like they're busting out-Bumping into NPC's and throwing things can turn into combat and people are to aggitated by it-Drowning targets suddenly causes the water to rise just to perfectly submerge them and then goes down after they dieI enjoyed Hitman a lot and felt that it was a very unique turn on the series as it's vastly different than all the previous games. However I felt that many of the challenges were very hard to discover and mainly had several that were frustrating and the escalations all together were very annoying and seemed to be like levels from satan himself as they were just very hard and unfun, for some of them. But with that and the fact that for some reason Paris has over 15+ of them is very upsetting but besides all of that the game has beautiful cinematics and great atmosphere and delivers a very fun sandbox strategy killer and all I can say else is that I hope that it ends here because a season 2 shouldn't be added just yet or it all."
,Recommended,236870,33903975,Posted: 30 July,all,Manus,2nd season pls!
,Recommended,236870,23356877,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,blackice9107,"A pretty solid entry for the Hiitman franchise. The gameplay is great and the level design is phenomenal, some people may not like the episodic release model as see in most of the reviews. The always online requirement is the biggest annoyance I have with this game.There are also annoying glitches and the performance could be improved. Overall a 8/10 right now."
76561198011984677,Recommended,236870,23458068,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"This game has a lot of negative reviews, but I think most of them stem from the always online-bit. Which I guess can be abit of a nuisance.I purchased the first episode a little while after its initial release and have yet to experience any issues in that regard.I really liked it. I've always heard about the Hitman-games, but never got around to actually play them. This game is what made me buy and play through Absolution as well.The levels are huge and sandboxy. Open World and free to explore (under the right circumstances/disguises). There are a multitude of ways and places to assassinate your targets, and if you should so choose, the game offers to guide you through a few of them. Hints and ingame assistance can be turned on/off at the players own discretion.I was sceptic to the episodic release at first, but if it hadn't been, I probably wouldn't have bought it in the first place either, so it is a good way to give a teaser of the game and fully try and see whether or not this is a game for you. On the other hand, having to wait a month for the next episode is also incentive to fully explore the destination(s) you already have and master them.Unlike Absolution, you are able to save at any time while playing the main mission which makes it quick to load if you should mess up. Some may not like that bit, but I really liked not having to play through what could have been 10-15 minutes of preparation again when/if I mess up royally. If you forget to do that, you may also take use of an autosave instead.In addition to the main mission, there are also escalations released pretty often (usually 5 stages) which aren't mandatory but gives you something to do. If that still isn't enough to keep you busy, there are also player-created contracts you can do or create for that matter.Agent 47 has an array of tools at his disposal, and as you progress you will keep unlocking more and more. Tools earned in later destinations can be brought back to the first ones, making for even more variation."
76561198038619640,Not Recommended,236870,21807265,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ryantao2010,"I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this game, at least for now.There is only one episode at the moment, if the beta one doesn't count. The way of splitting the whole game into different seasons is just horrible and inacceptableThis is not an online-game, but many features depend on the network connection.You may think this is not too bad. Yes, it's not a big deal since everyone can access Internet now.The problem is, the SE server is just rubbish. You will lose your connection every half an hour and if it does, they will just log you out of the game. That's right, if you haven't saved, you screwed.I don't know if stupid AI can be counted as bugs. If yes, they are everywhere"
76561198064567666,Recommended,236870,21879924,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jon Snow,"A fantastic game that is limited by the drm and episodic nature. But fam the game is fun af.  I have over 40+ hrs on 1 level, so yes its fun."
,Recommended,236870,33677480,Posted: 20 July,all,gflorez97,"Would you recommend this game?Short answer:Yes, definitelyLong answer: This is, in my opinion, the best stealth game I've played in years. As a fanatic of the genre, it's difficult for a stealth game nowadays to impress me, but Hitman does it. Ohhhh yeah it does it.First, and just to shake off this, the story is meh. Meh-decent, actually. But please, this is not Metal Gear Solid, don't expect a great plot. Gameplay-wise, on the other hand,Hitman probably has the most refined stealth system I've ever seen. It is accesible, but tricky. It is enjoyable and friendly, but only if you play how you are supposed to play. Also, of course, it is replayable to the extrem you can play the same level in more than +-10 different ways, completely separated one from the others. And yes, it even does it better than Blood Money (of course, better than Absolution). There are a good bunch of locations, characters and dark humour jokes, so I bet you won't be bored playing.Originally the game was sold in separate episodes, but now as a whole game it is a lot more worth. Also, as a big production its graphics are great (actually astonishing if you have a decent video card), and its sound is also fantastic. Shoutout to the soundtrack, its beatiful.So, unless you profoundly detest this type of games. I believe buyingHitman 2016is a great idea.________________________________________________[For spanish talkers]¿Recomiendas este juego?Respuesta breve:Sí, por supuestoRespuesta larga: Hitman es, en mi opinión, el mejor juego de sigilo que he jugado en años. Como gran fanático del género, es difícil quedar impresionado por un juego de sigilo hoy en día, pero Hitman lo consigue. Vaya si lo consigue.Para empezar, y sólo para quitarnos rápido este apartado, la historia es meh. Casi llega a decente, de hecho, Pero a ver, no es un Metal Gear Solid, no esperes un buen argumento. Jugablemente,Hitman tiene probablemente el sistema de sigilo más refinado de cuantos he jugado. Es accesible, pero con muchos entresijos. Es entretenido y no pone muchas dificultades al usuario, pero sólo si juegas como deberías jugar al juego. Además, sobra decir que es rejugable hasta el extremo, pudiendo jugar cada nivel de más o menos 10 maneras distintas, todas diferentes entre sí. Y sí, lo hace mejor que Blood Money en ese aspecto (y por supuesto mejor que Absolution). Hay un buen puñado de mapas, personajes y chistes de humor negro, así que ya le aseguro que no se aburrirá jugando.Cuando salió el juego se vendía en formato episódico, pero ahora que es un juego completo merece aún más la pena. Además, al ser una superproducción los gráficos son geniales (de hecho espectaculares si tiene una buena tarjeta gráfica), y su sonido es también fantástico. Mucho ojo a la banda sonora, es preciosa.Así que, a no ser que odies con toda tu alma este tipo de juegos, pienso que comprarHitman 2016es una idea genial."
76561198030734545,Not Recommended,236870,21858815,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dreamlord1979,"Let me start by saying that I love the Hitman games. The gameplay and levels in this game are pretty good. So why am I giving it a thumbs down? Because it released with only 1 level aside from the training missions that were in beta. They should have held back and finished the game before releasing an unfinished product. I despise the episodic distribution method and will not recommend any games that are released this way. If i didn't go over my 2 hour play limit I would return it and wait for the full game which will probably cost less when all the missions are available.So to sumarize just wait for the game to be finished, or don't buy it at all if you really want to send the devs a message."
76561197970614731,Not Recommended,236870,21816767,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Faxmonkey,The game is outright unfinished and broken.
,Not Recommended,236870,21783404,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,skarrok,always online DRMgraphical glitchescrappy performanceDO NOT recommendgameplay is good thou
,Not Recommended,236870,21782850,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,In the current state it is in I cannot recommend this. I am not having the same preformance issues others are having but the lack of content so far is laughable. You get the tutorial and one mission so far with more each week. I am not sure if each week we will only be give one mission but if it is then trying to play through the game will be frustrating in 30 min weekly increments. What is here so far is fun but the DRM and wierd season content system ruin the experince
76561198008214637,Recommended,236870,31235122,Posted: 19 April,all,Alt-Centrist Thinker,"I should probably give my short thoughts about this game, considering that I have played this game a lot and is mostly fun for me. Here we go:HITMAN ""TradeMark""Pros:+Graphics and scenery are amazing. The maps not only look good, but are well designed for this kind of gameplay. Sapienza and Hokkaido are my favorite maps out of all.+Sound design is even better than the graphics in my opinion. Snapping necks never felt so good.+Music is alright. Fits with the action you commit (so it's dynamic), but isn't interesting when listened separately.+Fairly good amount of options for PRO players. Such as switching off instinct and opportunities. Fits for players of all skill levels. Also includes professional level.+Many ways to eliminate targets. Sniping, silenced pistol, poison, drowning, different sort of accidents and of course, snapping necks.+High replay value. The game includes a lot of challenges for fun and some of them give you items, which you can use for all missions.+Other challenges and special missions. Elusive targets for example can only be killed once and if you die during the mission, you can't restart it. Plan your assassination with ease and care.+The game can sometimes be hilarious for various reasons. Check videos on Youtube to find out.Neutral:*The game seems to be unstable for some people. I have encountered a few crash, but it doesn't happen that often, gladly.*AI is serviceable, but really dumb. Also the way the AI/the game reacts to your actions is weird. There is a serial killer on a loose.....calling the cops or evacuating the whole area doesn't seem like a reasonable thing to do. How about we search the area for 30s and always take bodies to somewhere without proper investigation.*Boring death animation. Not an issue, but I prefer full physics rather than pre-animated deaths.Cons:-There's simply no good justification for DRM. Even though I haven't encountered any technical difficulties with it, it's plain stupid to punish all players because of a few pirates out there. This just makes the situation even worse. The players should have the ability to gain stuff without internet connection. It's a single player game after all.-Lack of maps for 49,99€ game, budget issues or not.-Lack of diverse voice acting. Why does every guard and civilian sound american even though you could be in Japan, Thailand or France.-Will eventually get repetitive and you spend most of the time screwing around.I'm happily waiting for season 2, despite the fact it's a bit greedy to split HITMAN into seasons. A great game, but with bad publishing decisions and a few technical issues.7/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,21778744,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PerilousTech,"I don't write very many negative reviews but this game has made me go out of my way to warn others. This game is a technical nightmare at the moment which is a shame as I really wanted to enjoy it. Certain graphics options are locked to low on my GTX 970 (it’s no beast but at least give me the option...), if DX12 doesn't crash the game it runs 20FPS worse than DX11 which has it’s own share of graphics bugs, and currently the servers are down so you can't use half of the single player features.Truly a shame as I've heard this game returns to the roots of Blood Money. I'm going to take another look at this in a month or so once Squireenix has a chance to patch, but for now stay far far away from this terribly optimized game"
,Not Recommended,236870,21773750,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CherryRed5,"13€ for a toturial, Then you are looking into it and try to fix it. But I am at almost 2 hours. So my refund will be denied. The Paris level does not work. Biggest problem is FPS, lighting, shadows. This is unplayable!!! I trusted the game devs. Big mistake! Why? Why? Why? Please tell me Why ?! How dare you to present this!"
76561197968514473,Recommended,236870,26440094,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Meat-King©®,"""Look closely. In the shadows, there is violence.""Hitman is a third-person game developed by the company IO Interactive with emphasis on stealth. The publisher is Square Enix. It represents the sixth entry in the Hitman video game series.Atmosphere & presentation:+ High production quality is reflected by the impressive art direction with great love for detail and the excellent musical background.+ Some 'accidents' allow the player to enjoy the dark humor of the situation.-- In order to access the entire content a permanent internet connection is required. In offline mode the gaming options are severely limited. It greatly diminishes the attractiveness of the singleplayer experience.- The episodic distribution of the content over several months destroys any immersion into the game.Combat & gameplay:+ The player is given a large amount of room for creativity in approaching his assassinations, featuring a broad spectrum of weapons, tools and opportunities, in order to get the job done.+ The manual save system allows the kind of experimentation that made the first four games enjoyable.+ The detection and disguise systems are significantly better than in Hitman: Absolution.o Extensive weapon modifications like in Hitman: Blood Money are not possible.o Different difficulty levels like in Hitman: Absolution have been removed.- Quick time events replace all hand to hand combat. Good luck in trying to kill an unconscious person with a melee weapon!Characters & story:+ Authentic portrayal of agent 47 as a genetically engineered killer without emotional attachments.+ Well written voiced dialogue.- No compelling, coherent storyline.- Lack of characterization of side characters.Summary:The sixth instalment of the Hitman series offers challenging missions with a multitude of choices to get the job done. Furthermore, it draws on the gameplay mechanics from Blood Money, satisfying the player’s needs for preparation and exploration.However, the biased approach of the publisher to uplift the game from its niche existence by designing it around the multiplayer, based on a permanent server connection, can be considered a failure. In simpler terms, one hand shows you the supposedly attractive multiplayer scoreboard for a singleplayer game, the other one slaps you in the face repeatedly with the mandatory 'always online' clause.To add insult to injury, the episodic release is a flawed concept that favours developers, allowing them to release an incomplete game. A method that should not be supported by the gaming community, because it shows the publishers that it is possible to establish and profit from that kind of development routine in the future.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +50 hoursOffline achievements: noneOnline achievements: 66"
76561198103438308,Not Recommended,236870,21790153,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,vicky_molokh,"The controls seem nice, but this game is buggier than Arkham Knight. Over about an hour of attempt, it managed to be choppy and crash a few times. And quite hilariously, it runs slower under DX12 than under DX11 even on a high-end computer. I *want* to like it, but this level of bugginess is unacceptable; maybe I'll revisit it if/when they release a big patch.(Also, why do I have QTEs in my Hitman game?)"
76561197966002097,Not Recommended,236870,21775073,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SamsTheMan,Poorly optimized game. Bad review until they fix it
76561198015989222,Not Recommended,236870,21780426,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Prophet510,"what the ♥♥♥♥!!! i should've known better. after clicking play the game almost instantly crashes and a window pops up saying, ""Hitman has stopped working""  one would think in 2016 a multi billion dollar game company would get just one title glitch/crash free on release. go get ♥♥♥♥ed Square Enix"
,Recommended,236870,30256665,Posted: 1 March,all,daddldiddl,"So, it's taken a while for me to play this title. First I was appalled by the episodic model of releasing a single level and having people pay full price (or pay even more buying piecemeal), and then I also never was into this franchise before. After having heard a lot of good about this title and the first season having finished I finally bought it when it was on offer. Then it sat on my harddrive for a few months more. Last week I finally gave it a shot - and now I'm in love!So if you are like me and you are not very aquainted with the Hitman franchise this is what it is all about: you play a hitman called Agent 47 working for a mysterious agency that gets hired by third parties to kill people in order to get rid of 'business obstacles', for revenge or some other hidden reasons. Each game has its own story that spans a couple of missions each with one or more targets, with an overall story arc connecting the games loosely. Each mission starts with an introduction by your handler and has one or more targets to kill, sometimes with optional objectives. You have a lot of choice in approaching the kills, how to set them up, and how to infiltrate - and often listening in on conversations or carefully exploring and monitoring the routines of people opens up new options.Graphically it looks very nice, the levels feel alive and are fun to explore. There are tons of little sidestories hidden everywhere - some open up new options, others are simply background. But they all add to the atmosphere and keep it fresh when you play the level again. You can sneak around, camouflage yourself by offing (or knocking out) guards, staff or other people in a level, lay traps and use the environment for your kills. Sometimes you can drive people mad by manipulating the scene or lure them to where you can kill them in an especially crazy way. And Hitman doesn't take itself too serious - some of the options are simply ridiculous funny!A lot of emphasis is put on replayability - trying out all the different possibilities or completing extra challenges. The latter being especially true for this (fifth?) installment in the series - and with the very notable exception of Hitman: Absolution (the fourth? game in the series) which had lots of very linear levels with only few options and little replayability.When the episodic release was announced many people (me included) were very doubtful about how that would play out. After the failure that many consider Hitman: Absolution to be, people didn't trust them to make a good game - and paying full price for an episodic title is always risky - what if they put all the effort in the first level so critics are happy and customers pay up front, but then fail to deliver on the following episodes? Well, in this case they did deliver - and due to the high replay value and the many extra challanges provided (i.e. one off 'elusive targets' reusing the existing assets but with new targets and extra challenges) I actually think Hitman may be exceptionally fitting for an episodic release. When you play the game after the final epsiode released you are always in conflict on whether you want to continue in the story (i.e. play the next mission) or want to try some other fun ways to play a level. With an episodic release you have enough time to thoroughly explore each level before the next is released. Of course you have to trust them to keep up the quality.The game currently is at the end of season one, with a big story cliffhanger and the start of season two on the horizon. I might actully get in early this time, just to have more time for each individual level - even though I can only hope they keep up the quality of the levels.TL;DR: Very good stealhy, sneaky, fun third person murder game. Episodic format works very well. Highly recommended if you like this kind of games. Lots of replay value, will keep you busy for many, many hours!"
,Recommended,236870,34375370,Posted: 20 August,all,WAKE ME UP INSIDE,"Where do I begin...This game is awesome,the story line is kinda weak but well have to wait what season 2 will give us.This game keeps you playing since there are a lot of updates and you get so you never get bored ex.Elusive Targets,User Contracts,Escalation etc.Maps are huge and you may get lost in them at first.I love the many ways you can eliminate a target"
,Not Recommended,236870,22145406,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Praetorian,"Playing the same level over a thousand times, too many challenges that are boring and just want to make you play the same level over and over again.I don't recommend,for now.."
,Not Recommended,236870,22787286,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,:(){:|:&};:,"My simple review of Hitman so far (May 4th 2016)I'll give a thumb down at this time.ProA well-made game – it's a quite nice game. Hitman (2016) is my first experience of the Hitman series and I’m satisfied.Diversity – There are many ways to kill target(s) and many routes to infiltrate and many disguises.Throw something – You can throw a fire axe to someone’s head. This is my favorite.ConRidiculous selling – They're selling an unfinished game and what I thought was they selling a paid demo game.Always online – This game already uses “Denuvo” packer to prevent game from pirated and Denuvo is the most powerful anti-debugger solution and it is powerful as a “Dongle” protection system. Therefore; Do we seriously need always online for a singleplay game? At least my Internet has no problem but their server is the problem. While the server is out of service, you can’t use any unlocked special starting points, weapons etc. Always online is seriously stupid idea and this is the worst thing in this game.Glitches – There are many glitches and bug. Sometime body stuck in a map and I can’t drag'em out and occasionally somehow they can see me through the wall. Also DirectX 12 mode it bit off. I’m not sure it is a NVIDIA’s fault or not but somewhat DX12 is bit broken.This game shows many possibility. game itself is good but also with many problem.Buy this game after they release all 6~7 of unfinished episodes."
76561198107447301,Not Recommended,236870,21773776,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hatty,"I can run any game I have on HIGH all the time, so having this game lock out the settings based on my hardware is VERY annoying.The overall performance EVEN ON LOW SETTINGS is terrible.The game is fun, shame it's episodic.I highly suggest NOT getting this"
,Recommended,236870,34716812,Posted: 3 September,all,Empathy KING,"I preordered the full version of this game and was extremely excited about its release... After the initial release my enthusiasm quickly turned into discust. At the time I couldn't even get the game to start and after I was able to fianlly get the game to start the whole experience was God awful. The optimization and game performance was horrindous, extremely glitchy, frame stuttering and unplayable. The specs of my gaming rig far surpassed the required specs for the game which could only mean that it was the game and not me... After several attempts to fix the situation I asked for a and recieved refund. About 5 months later, to my surprise I recieved a couple of episodes that were gifted to me be by one of my gamer friends that owed me a favor. Up until now (about a year after I recieved the gifted episodes) I have never played them for fear that the experience was going to be just as bad as the last. The other day I was bored and decided to go ahead and give them a try.To my supprise everything had changed. The game loaded right up bug free! This is freaking great! Ever since Absolution I have enjoyed Hitmans extreme focus on detail oriented levels or maps. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING in a level is detailed in ways that aren't usually seen in other games. Cities are bustling with busy people and beutiful lanscapes. Although there are clones running around the Hitman team has made sure that these clones are far, few and inbetween. The ""extras"" as I cal them, are scattered around levels in a way that makes each busy lanscape seem totally real and immersive. There are times when I forget the target and just explore... Taking the time to look at every detail gives me a whole new appreciation for the Hitman team. They really want the gamers to feel like you are in Agent 47s world. I can't put into words just how detailed the enviornment of each level is. Its amazing how authentic everything seems. Absolution was the same way and Hitman: 2016 supprisingly does it better and I am loving every bit of it. The freedom that this games gives you to complete each assassination in your own way and playstyle is on the mark... You want to go in guns blazing then do it. You want to go in silent and deadly then do it. You want to mix things up and be the best of both worlds then you can do that as well. Without going into crazy details, just as in Absolution, there are so many different ways that you can complete your objective. Hitman: 2016 does this better as well... Not only are there more ways to dispose of your target but they are more creative. Beyond the common poisoning and random push off the balcony there are ways to kill your target that will inspire the most imaginative of assassins. Beyond everything that I just explained Hitman: 2016 goes above and beyond when you take it online. There is so much extra content offered online that I do not want to take the time to tell you about it. Not only would I be typing forever, but you would be reading forever as well. The best thing for me to do is tell you that the price for the full version (every episode) is 100% worth it just for everything that comes with Hitman: 2016 when you go online. It's unbelievable the extra bonus content you get with this game. To sweeten the deal, all of this is rolled up into a really engrossing and theatrical campaign with movie-star quality voice overs and a, award worthy musical soundtrack that puts a cherry on top of the whole thing.When you factor in the crazy immersive and highly detailed levels and envioronments, the excellent replay value, the intuitive, responsive controlls, the ever changing online bonus content and the engaging storyline and campaign. You get an extremly wonderful and exciting game that is sure to keep you entertained for  100s of hours. I fell in love with Absolution and Hitman: 2016 has taken everything I loved about it and expanded on it 100 times and then some. If you enjoy the Hitman franchise then I am sure you will enjoy Hitman: 2016. If anything, you are more than able to purchase one episode just to give it a try. If you are going to go that route, in my opinion that makes Hitman: 2016 even better. Your not being forced into anything, but gently and gradually placed into it. If you don't like what your getting into then get out... It's a win win in my opinion, but then again all reviews are simply just that... An opinion. Its what you do with that opinion that really counts. All I have to say is that this game is great. You can either believe me ir not believe me. Its up to you. EIther way you still have my respect. That I can promise!"
,Not Recommended,236870,26735870,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,"hitmaN, M.D.","The game itself is great, they went back to the original Hitman style and not that Absolution arcade style.BUT it requires you to be ONLINE to play, I was JUST about to complete a chalange when I got disconnected and lost all progress, and it wasn´t my internet, it was the servers.So yeah, I won´t support this kind of thing and will say that this practice is awfull and should NOT be a thing.So that´s why Im not recommending."
,Not Recommended,236870,21791206,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,yoba mane,You have been disconnected from the SНІTMAN™ server. Failed (server busy) to communicate with the SНІTMAN™ server. You will be returned to the menu where you can try to ♥♥♥♥ yourself or die.
76561198042614182,Recommended,236870,23445163,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Matey Mate pls,"Agent 47 is once again ready to kill and IO Interactive is giving us more freedom than ever before. Our bald and quiet assassin is back with the glorious Silverballers , the classic fiber piano wire, the stylish suit and so much more! The game is simply amazing with HUGE levels, fantastic level design, a realistic and living world, funny conversations, great AI and the list goes on! I've listed a couple of pros and cons down below.Pros:+ Amazing graphics+ Realistic AI+ A real and living world+ Manual saves are back!+ Enormous levels, with deep and fantastic level design+ The option to choose whether or not you want instinct, opportunity tips etc.+ Replayability (Trust me, there are millions of ways to execute the assassination of your targets)+ Mission planning is back!+ Elusive targets+ ChallengesCons:- Episodic format, with about a month between the release of every episode- Online DRM (Although, in my 14 hours, I've had only to reconnect twice and that didn't even erase my progress)- There is no sniper rifle briefcase- Some minor (not game breaking though) bugs, for example where wine glasses sometimes glitch out of peoples hands etc.Overall a fantastic Hitman installment which is a must purchase for any Hitman fan out there!8/10 ducks!"
76561198002849643,Not Recommended,236870,21777794,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,killpanic,"Being Danish I am so very, very, very disapointed. Also, I live in Greenland, which is owned by danish. IO, do you know how expensive internet is here?Anyway. I spent 6 GB of my monthly 20GB for 150$. for this.I have tried all settings, spent about just under 2 hours on and offline getting into a game. All I see is ""20 years Earlier"".....i even waited 20 minutes for something to happen. The game never started. - Also, my hardware is not the problem.This also is the first ever steam-refund I am going for.A very dissapointed Hitman fan. though I do hope I can play it on a friends PC one day."
,Not Recommended,236870,21845285,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Chris,"Others have said it already, so I won't get too into it, but there is literally one mission.  This isn't even close to a game, it's barely enough for a demo"
,Not Recommended,236870,26719726,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hexyl,"This is a great game, but the design of its always-online DRM system means that the game is essentially crippled if your internet or their servers ever go down. Furthermore, content such as the Elusive Targets encourage consumers to spend their money early based on hype and marketing rather than waiting for the full product with proper reviews to be available. I consider these practices to be anti-consumer, and for that reason I cannot recommend supporting this game until its always-online DRM system is removed and until timed content such as Elusive Targets are made available for late-purchasing consumers."
,Not Recommended,236870,21788108,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,G0ze,Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,236870,21777612,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Captain828,"If it was just the performance issues, I would perfectly understand given their change to this episodic format... but that's not the case.The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, completely breaking the immersion and sensing me through walls at times.The controls are clunkier than ever: press E to interact, G to interact, hold G to interact, tap Q to subdue, T for I forgot what, B to drag, Enter to select something from the inventory... have they not heard of context-sensitive controls in 2016?Even the old scroll-wheel selection would have been better or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ radial menu.And ofc they forgot to mention that the game is always-online.There really is no way I can recommend the game in its current state.Best you go and play an older Hitman game as I'm doubtful they'll have time to fix this one given the episodic format."
,Recommended,236870,23397174,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Merciless,"Easily the best Hitman game after Blood Money, So much to do in every level. The only thing I dislike is the elusive contracts [mostly because I've stuffed them all up.If you want a good stealth game with lots of replay value, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,236870,23554242,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Perfect Union,"Hitman is fun. The varied ways to assassinate, the AI's, the game-play all feel like hitman. So what is bad about it?My Gripes:-Always Online Singleplayer game-Launch schedule is done in episodes instead of a full $60 game-Unoptimized, 40 fps in sections with lots of AI on the screen-AI is very unpredictable in the bad way as they can be way TOO on edgeAlthough Hitman's release schedule makes no sense the $15 dollar price point isn't a bad way to get started. With it you can decide if you want to spend the extra money on missions, or just pass. Sure it's not the best but it's bad either. I recommend you pass on it now, or if you want to purchase the intro pack but be wary of the issues stated above."
,Recommended,236870,33904841,Posted: 30 July,all,ƒancy ƒaget,"This game has a lot of controversy surrounding itself; always online, bits of the game chopped up as DLC, story, etc. When I first saw it I was frustrated beyond belief, I love the Hitman-games so I immediately thought that this would be a major flop. But after very much thought and with a lot of convicing I bought the entire game for €20 (All 5 ""episodes"").. oh boy what a good decision!Sure, I only got 8h of playtime and the story was so terrible - SO TERRIBLE - that it made me Google the ending of the game  afterwards but the actual scenery and gameplay is so amazing it made me quite frankly love it. The methods of killing NPCs are laid out with thought for the player and there are several unique ways of assassinating the targets. The optimisation! It's so beautifully well made, too!The game is undoubtedly trying to go back to its roots with this addition, which it did perfectly well, but I sit here also wondering why they had to do the always online thing? It's a.. thing.. that ruins the entire experience. There were moments where I couldn't connect to the servers and I couldn't play. What's all that about? Things definitely don't get better with the awful episodic system. This was made for Telltale games, not full on AAA-games. It's a perfect way to ruin immersion.In the end, it was well worth €20, and I would buy it again if given the choice. Enjoy!"
76561198131281429,Recommended,236870,29315382,Posted: 17 January,all,Todes,"Not a huge fan of the episodic format, enforced online features in a SP game or time gated content! Stop smoking crack Square Enix!!!The actuall game itself is glorious though, what you would expect a blood money sucessor to look like. Some of the best leveldesign in the industry imho. Thumbs up for IO Interactive!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21783120,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Afonso Zhu,"Been a real fan of Hitman since it's very first release.Bought this one right when it first came out, but found a lot of issues straight away. The game is NOT ready for release.I have a 16GB PC with a quad core processor and with the lowest resolution options it is slow and impossible to play properly.Body dragging does not work (It's not just me because I searched ""hitman can't drag body"" in google and found out that other peope are having the same issue)Let's be honest, hitman is one of the best games in the history of video gaming, but for a brand new 2016 release, it is far from being ready, it shouldn't have been released yet."
,Not Recommended,236870,21776017,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,z0mer,"The gameplay is fine, but the content is poor. Even for a first episode it's really, really thin. You can complete the mission in Paris in 30 minutes without being detected and that's it. Only one single mission! You can of course play the mission again and opt for a completely different tactic, but it is still the same. I'm probably waiting for the end of 2016 when all the episodes are availble, because this simply sucks big time."
,Not Recommended,236870,21782819,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Wardless Solo,"Good game, but ♥♥♥♥ you DRM。.."
76561198073306501,Not Recommended,236870,31026967,Posted: 8 April,all,Enigma,The core mechanic is good.  I just wish companies would abandon this new business model of not releasing a full game.
,Not Recommended,236870,21770893,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alexandre Putine,"So I pre-purchase the game the day we could for 50€.Now i can play the full experience of a tutorial and nothing more because i don't buy the ""intro pack"" and his upgrade for another 50€.Is this real ?"
,Not Recommended,236870,21807269,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,=UN= LT. Dan,"Good concept, terrible implementation. Always online DRM for SINGLE PLAYER GAMES is trash and needs to be stopped by the gaming industry. Needless to say I regret my purchase and I will not be purchasing any DLC unless DRM is removed."
76561198036294181,Not Recommended,236870,22136423,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,mightycow88,Why the ♥♥♥♥ IS this♥♥♥♥♥♥online!? I keep getting booted off mid game. Not Necessary.
,Recommended,236870,22131222,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Slurgi,"Pros:-Massive nonlinear level-Wide range of tools/disguises-Can turn off/on features like instinct/map/objectives-Art style that stays true to the seriesCons:-Offline/online save games are seperate-PS4 exclusive contracts-Disconencting from the internet takes you to the main menu-Need to wait for a prompt(button press to pop up) to do almost any action, which can be buggy.-Extremely small difference between graphic settingsBugs/glitches:-The remote explosive falls through the world 50% of the time-Guards sometimes see through the floor/walls-NPCs sometimes fall partially through the floor not allowing you to drag their body-The button to push people standing close to a ledge doesn't always show up.-Both DX11 & 12 have lighting, crashing, and freezing problems on certain PCs.-Kills that would otherwise deduct points for bodies found, witnesses, etc do not if you leave the mission(escape) simultaneously.Personal Dislikes:-Killing someone who witnessed a crime doesn't erase their observation from the final score.-Accidents can trigger both bodies found and non-targets killed.-Garrote and lethal injection do the exact same thing. (Can't use lethal injection to poison drinks)-No blood outside of a couple select (bladed) weapons-Can't push people at will or down stairsPersonal Likes:-Feels like a true successor to Blood Money-Original voice actor (David Bateson)-More opportunities for accidents than previous gamesVerdict:I recommend this game because despite the cons, bugs, and dislikes the game is still very fun. Potential to be the best game in the series is there if the bugs & cons are fixed, and a few tweaks are made to the scoring system."
76561198037160217,Not Recommended,236870,21772921,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,littleninpo,Have bought the full game yet game tellls me I need to purchase everything other than basic tutorial. Joke.
,Recommended,236870,23659256,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BullitWaschbär,"Okay, this game was terrible at first. Lag, glitches, you name it. But the developers released a few updates, and every single update made the game run better and smoother. Man, I love this game. I´ve only bought the intro pack. Apart from the tutorials and contracts, I am only able to play the Paris Mission: 'The Showstopper'. (So: I have full access, but I am not able to play any Episode except from the Paris mission.) I'm going to buy more Episodes, I'm sure. I actually think that the Episodes are a great way of delivering AMAZING levels. This is the real Blood Money 2.0. Why? Here's a list with some pros and cons I came up with.PROS- Huge amount of (creative) ways of killing your targets (Shoot, stab, strangle, poison, drown , explode, you name it) [Combine poison with drowning for example... Hint: Toilet.]- Replayability (Challenges, Opportunies, etc.]- Graphics / Level Detail (The food... THE FOOD!)- Realism (For example, your health. It's low: don't expect surviving many bullets)- AI (Some people don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what you do, others will assault you for looking at them in the wrong way)- Unlocking interesting things after completing a level or challenges, such as different places to start the level. For example, after gaining experience, you are able to spawn as a Chef in a locker room in the Paris mission.- Freedom / Level sizes. BLOOD MONEY 2.0!!!CONS- Not optimized completely (I experience lag/screen freezes sometimes, but not often; it's not enough to complain about too much, but it's enough to be annoying)- You have to be connected with the 'Hitman Servers' to play properly (don't worry, you don't have to register or anything). I have only experienced problems during 1 hour out of 13 hours of playing so far, so it's not really a big deal."
76561198030210769,Not Recommended,236870,21777801,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,chaos_1984,"First cutscene froze, rebooted game, 3 minutes into training mission it freezes again, this is the first game on Steam that has ever given me trouble. Edit froze an addtitional 2 times on the intro level, unable to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Able to play the Paris mission fine, would've appreciated being able to get through the tutorial."
76561198103486554,Not Recommended,236870,21799023,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,deftseeker,"So disappointing.  Still, managed to get a refund because the online only nonsense wasn't clearly mentioned before purchase."
76561198132476688,Not Recommended,236870,21779868,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alf,"This should be a good game, but the performance issues and DRM ruins it. Always online has never worked for any game that's primarily a single player experience, and it almost always results in unhappiness from the community which impacts steam reviews and ultimately sales. I hope the devs take these complaints seriously and that they will release patches and updates (removing DRM and fixing performance issues) before the negative reviews tanks the sales of what is meant to be a really successful game."
,Recommended,236870,22556335,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Wolf Jesus,"The game runs fine on my system, I have not experienced one crash or disconnect.My experience so far...1. After an hour or so, figure out where to go and all the timings.2. Murder the people I need to complete the mission.3. Sit with post homicidal depression at the thought of nothing else to do apart from trying different ways of killing the same targets.4. Decide to make my own rules and commit mass murder.5. Find out you can throw a fire axe and knives at people :D6. Wipe out a large portion of the people on the map (I have my saved game and will not rest until everyone on the map is dead).7. Realize I may have a problem...8. Decide Hitman is now my version of Maniac Simulator 2016.10/10 would embed fire axe in innocent womans skull again."
76561198091547612,Not Recommended,236870,21776398,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Franz von Væterland,"Too short, you first release 2 chapters this short. How do you make us believe you will release more and a complete game?可以等3年后买全套"
76561198076424740,Not Recommended,236870,22126384,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheDarkBruce,"-1 mission-always onlineGame will probably be great in 3 years when and if it is done.Since its episodic it will probably be full 60 dollers for years as well.Genius bueseness tactic square, will have enough cash to make your own hardware if u keep this up. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,30355997,Posted: 6 March,all,Klingers,"I've been getting that ever-popular ""cannot connect to server"" error. Not sure if it's because I'm trying to connect from Australia but I can't see challenges or any of the bonus online content. The game itself is pretty solid but It gets marked down for the DRM. Don't waste your time."
76561198000651608,Not Recommended,236870,21779666,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Zoomtra,HORRIBLE!!!   I can run GTA 5 and Witcher 3 on ultra with smooth 60 FPS!  I am getting only 10-15 FPS and I can't even play the game!  This game is completly unplayable!  This game is broken and needs lots of work...  Wait a few months please before you buy this.........
76561197984053244,Recommended,236870,21877708,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Matt518,"Questionable DRM choices and performance issues (of which I can't comment on) aside, it's a great Hitman game.I suggest to anyone skeptical about the episodic release structure to reconsider, it actually seems to benefit the game due to the expansiveness of the initial level included. For a comparison I've put 7 hours into the first episode, 4 hours on the beta which is almost equal to the entire time I spent on Absolution.If you like 'classic' Hitman (2, 3 and 4) you should like this."
,Not Recommended,236870,22164188,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥  I have never played such an unoptimized piece of garbage lmfao.  Refunded in less than 30 minutes.Edit: Repurchased after upgrading to a GTX1070, still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  Rip."
76561198029145404,Recommended,236870,21867562,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SpoonOfDoom,"In my opinion, Io-Interactive did a great job to take the core mechanics I loved about the previous Hitman games and refine them into a really enjoying experience. The Environment feels more alive than ever before, the controls are smooth and the options to archive my goal (killing the targets) are vaster than ever. The opportunities system (which can be disabled) guides me some of many ways to do so. The fact that I can save any time allows for fast iterations which helps to keep me inside the action and from time to time the autosave comes in handy too.The problems that I currently have with the game are that there are currently only 3 maps (2 training and Paris) from which the first two are rather short. This makes it quite repetitive. The fact that you can only unlock stuff while you are online can be annoying as you get kicked out of the game as soon as you lose your connection. You have to load a save to continue, which can cost you some of your progress. You could argue that it isn’t just DRM but to keep hackers out, but I can’t say if this is the case/works.All in all I got what I payed for. A HITMAN experience, which focuses on the core mechanics I enjoy since the first part of the series."
76561198340150243,Recommended,236870,31874708,Posted: 20 May,all,LaraM,Though the storyline not as good as Hitman Blood money and Absoluion ..the gameplay far better than the Absoltion and as good as Hitman contracts.. I like the open world setting and enviroment 10/10... the graphics aren't good no match with other  2016 videogames... I do like first 2 episodes very huge maps and lovely enviroment..Overall I give it 8/10( Very good game).
76561198078364380,Not Recommended,236870,22106853,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mr_Strawberry,"Great Game only thing, is that I Get better FPS on Arma 3"
,Not Recommended,236870,21770519,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,stulleman,Very poor performance!I have a GTX 770 and even with everything on minimum I get only around 30 fps.EDIT:On Paris i get barely 25 fps. Thats a waste of money!
,Not Recommended,236870,26713531,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mayroserr,"The game is awesome, but people should know that this game is a scam. We are just renting this game and whenever they shutdown their servers we will be unable to play it anymore. Devs and publishers must understand that what they do is scamming and not good for gaming community.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k0SmqbBIpQ"
76561198159752829,Not Recommended,236870,30629685,Posted: 19 March,all,Jack Golden,"Everything need online,but it is interesting that china player always offline,even if you have a high quality broadband.Although it have simplied chinese ,which to attract the person whose english dont very well like me,so why you give we the game,but doesnt give we a serve which can be connected through no vpn ?为什么作为一款发行官方中文，发行者明显的期望玩家通过线上进行游戏的一款游戏，中国大陆网络无法直接裸连服务器？很明显，这是一个Online和Offline完全不同的一个游戏，所以我给差评。"
,Recommended,236870,22391669,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Veiju,A very good Hitman game. I like it that all episodes are not released at the same time because now I am more likely to spend more time on achievements and play the same episode again with different styles. Also I want to give a big plus to the background music as it makes me feel I am in a part of a James Bond movie.Pros:+Well made+Completely different ways to complete levels+Background music+Large and open levels with nice details+Thrilling and exciting atmosphereCons:-Sometimes the servers are down and you cannot play the game-Some bugs here and there
76561198086106506,Not Recommended,236870,22120740,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WiseWhiteCat,"The worst one of this serie. The game is not bad, but it's only have 3 maps and 2 of them are tutorials. As a resualt, you will begin to feel bored after about 4 hours playing. Then you may want to complete some achievements, and you will frequently get disconnecting which interrupt your game. I really like Hitman serie except this one. I do not suggest you buy this game now. It may be better after some patches, but now it is bad!!"
76561197986128014,Not Recommended,236870,21798781,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DirtyDirtyTramp,"This game was badly ported to PC and runs terribly. the key binds are excessive and don't really make sense, and I repeatedly get stuck in cover mode and cannot get off a wall or a box. Intermittent disconnects ruin the gameplay as you lose progress and cannot save. I lovew the Hitman franchise, but I can't play this game so its a fail release."
,Recommended,236870,33807458,Posted: 26 July,all,USSR-Tula,"Any extra explains or sayings are no needmento,as a member of Hitman fans.Best,as always - 10/10.And pd:Looking forward about Season 2,cheers.Cheers for classic,cheers for Hitman.Thank you."
,Recommended,236870,28126716,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GuLe,It's ok I guess.
76561197983637391,Not Recommended,236870,21773657,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Oldman,"Played 87mins and probably won't play any more. For a 2016 game it sucks. Character graphics/animation is very poor, reminiscent of '90's games. Visuals are stunning but characters pale in comparison.Having to press WASD, timed, for hand to hand combat fighting is..is... I don't know what it is but it is so crap and frustrating. Combat is laughable!Great idea behind the game but could've been so, so much better.Running on a 3 yr old PC with GTX980 and no problems unlike others that have been commenting."
,Not Recommended,236870,21784876,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ambar_hitman,Useless always online DRM. I have requested for refund.
,Not Recommended,236870,24411426,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cajeb,"I really enjoy this game. I've been a Hitman fan since I played Blood Money on the Xbox 360 and since then I've purchased the HD pack, Absolution, and now this game. This is definitely a good Hitman game. However, when I play it I feel like an addict. Part of me knows I shouldn't have paid for this game, but as a Hitman fan I couldn't resist. The changing of this game to episodic release, the always online requirements, the lies that IO told us (didn't release promised Elusive Targets for months, now there is a bonus episode episodic buyers can't purchase), etc. is a lot of what is wrong with the industry. I've already paid for the full experience and enjoyed it, but I can't in good conscience recommend this game to others unless they go in knowing how shady IO has been"
,Not Recommended,236870,22166394,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Golliwog ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,wait for the full release
,Recommended,236870,23315744,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Big Cheesy,"Pros:- Challenging, fluid gameplay- Beautiful Graphics- Contracts, Elusive Targets, and Escalation Mode as well as main missions- Main missions provide hundreds of ways to handle a situation- Huge world and missionsCons:- Online-only with semi-frequent disconnections- Opportunities and the vision thing make the game kind of easy and take away from the semi-open world.- If you aren't too great at stealth games, the game can be repetitive.- Some glitches which break immersion- Story is hard to followBottom Line:Hitman is an experience like very few other games on the market. If you are willing to overlook some of the downsidesyou can have limitless fun in this game."
,Recommended,236870,31906923,Posted: 22 May,all,rob,Definitely the best Hitman Title since years
76561198107878877,Not Recommended,236870,26736419,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tommych,"Server down again? This game developer takes your money, but you can't play the game in your free time because their servers aren't running,,,"
,Not Recommended,236870,21778072,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Aerowix,"Always-online-DRM. If the hamsters in the server room happen to have a break, you are missing out on Contracts, progression, challenges and leaderboards. If you were online and servers crash, you will be promptly returned to the main menu. You were doing something? Try again from beginning and good luck.Also they decided to replace new levels and content which could have been accessible for all, for ""exclusivity"" content which expires after a few days of its release. As a matter of fact I have seen like 5% of that ""content"". I would like to play it, but it's permanently gone. Advertising expiring content, classic."
76561198118310300,Not Recommended,236870,21778129,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,打又打不过，只能骂,enter a world of DISCONNECTION
,Recommended,236870,22760126,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Lord Weh,"HITMAN is a 'live' game, as such I will update this review as new chapters arrive-OVERVIEW-This latest iteration of HITMAN feels like a must-have for fans of the series, and I would recommend it to anyone else who enjoys stealth games. There's a lot of variety here in the current levels, and the gameplay is deep and engaging.I've played every HITMAN game, and Blood Money has always been the high point of the series for me. I enjoyed the increased narrative in Absolution, but they really lost out when it came to gameplay. However, HITMAN is the best of both. The levels are large and very 'sandboxy', with lots of approaches and methods open to the player.I've really enjoyed my time with the game so far, and I'd highly recommend it to any fan of the series, or anyone looking for an interesting and varied stealth game experience.As for the episodic nature, I personally am fine with it. The levels so far are really large and take about 2 - 4 hours to get a first decent 'basic' playthrough done, and completing the mission in a variety of ways unlocks new equipment, starting locations, drop-off caches, etc that enable you to try and plan the 'perfect' hit. Having the updates drop on a regular basis keeps the content interesting and frequent enough that it is enjoyable.Season One's content is now available in it's entirety.-SEASON ONE-PrologueTwo smaller levels designed as 'simulations', to teach you the basics and get you up to speed. Even so, these missions are fairly roomy (especially the second one), and give you lots to play with.ParisThe first mission proper, this sees 47 attending a fashion show to eliminate two high profile targets. The mansion is expansive, with service staff working hard behind the scenes and in the basement areas, the fashion show on the first floor, and a secret auction taking place on the top floor. This level really starts to showcase the scale of the HITMAN levels and your options within them.SapienzaOff to Italy in this mission, where we have another two targets to eliminate in a grand manor, and a deadly secret to destroy in a hidden lab underground. The level is even more expansive than the Paris mission, including a large chunk of the town of Sapienza to wander, a morgue and church, shopping area, pier, sewers, the manor is divided into several large buildings including an observatory, plus the ruins of a castle at the back of the manor. The lab area requires a keycard to enter (or the use of noisy explosives), there are a multitude of 'zones' that you can access with different disguises (kitchen staff, gardeners, security, lab scientists, priests...). This feels like, so far, the best mission a HITMAN game has had.MarrakeshFor me Marrakesh is the low-point of this season of HITMAN. The level isn't awful, and there's plenty to do, but for me the level loses major points in terms of structure. You begin in the middle of a maze of streets. At one end of this maze is one target located within a Swedish consulate, and at the other end is your other target hiding out in a derelict school. There's little to do in the streets imbetween each end of the level (although a few opportunities are present), and these areas basically exist just to pad out and provide a little flavour. Whilst other missions feel like they offer a wide variety of ways into each location and a lot of opportunities, Marrakesh felt limited and repetitive. You need to rely on just a couple of entrances to each location at either end of the level only, and once inside the play area is relatively restricted, even once disguised. Visually interesting and varied, but a major disappointment to me in terms of sandbox play.BangkokOff to Bangkok, to the Himmapan Hotel, a glorious little sandbox. You arrive, and can check in as 'Mr Rieper', an alias of 47's. The hotel comprises of two multi-floor buildings divided by an atrium. One of these buildings is open as usual, whilst the other is closed to the public due to pesticide spraying on the lower floors and a pop group have temporarily converted the upper suites into a recording area. Most of the suites here require a security keycard to access, so some sneakiness is required to obtain them, or to bypass them entirely. The two targets each occupy a different side of the hotel, although opportunities can pull them out of their 'native' environment. This level is visually spectacular and you really feel like the hotel is a working building with each group of NPC's going about their duty (hotel cleaning and desk staff, security, cooks, gardeners, etc). This level is an absolute highlight.ColoradoHere we see an increase in difficulty, as there are four targets this time spread across a militia-occupied Colorado farm. There is no 'civilian' area here and 47 must hide at all times or assume a military disguise. The areas of the farm are distinct and interesting, with portions being used for training drills, target practice, bomb creation and testing, and a farmhouse with a hostage held down below. The targets are each interesting and memorable, some with great narrative elements, and there are a couple of ways to get to them each through the opportunities (alongside the many ways you could improvise dealing with them). I had a great time wandering this map and experimenting with how to quietly and effectively deal with each target. A wonderful sandbox to play in, with a bit of care.HokkaidoSeason One's finale takes us to a private medical hospital located in the snowy mountains of Japan. Due to the secretive and restrictive nature of the facility, you must make do without any equipment when starting out (at least initially), which really helps increase the difficulty of this mission. Additionally, patients rooms are access via RFID tags within the gowns each patient wears, providing opportunities to subdue and access other areas. The medical facility is striking in design and visuals, and the glimpses of snowy mountainside exteriors and the zen garden area really compliment the stark, clean interiors.Oh, and that skybox really is gorgeous, one hell of a view and beautiful paper lanterns drift by, a great touch.Somehow Hokkaido feels a bit smaller, more personal than the missions that came before, but it is still an interesting finale for Season One, and it is a fitting and enjoyable challenge.-SEASON ONE BONUS CONTENT-Summer Bonus Episodes: Sapienza and MarrakeshTwo bonus episodes were released in summer, one for Sapienza and the other for Marrakesh. Each cuts out a small portion of the level, sets it at night and blocks off the exits, making a smaller sandbox area for a new narrative to play out. Sapienza sees a film crew recording a sci-fi blockbuster in the town square and 47 is hired to take out the director, whilst Marrakesh sees the action focus around the under-utilised markets area.Whilst it's interesting to see these locations reworked for nighttime and with some fairly major overhauling of the levels, I didn't find the bonus episodes particularly engaging as they are so much smaller than the original levels. As a bonus they are fine, but nothing I'd rush to experience over the core experience, I found many of the vanilla levels 'escalation' missions (content that uses the existing levels but has new targets, conditions and complications) far more engaging.Christmas Bonus Episode: Parisupdate coming soon-SEASON TWO-Season Two of HITMAN has been announced. It will launch from the same game client, adding another series of new levels and challenges to the game, allowing all current unlocked content to be utilised. I will update the review as-and-when it arrives."
76561198005371179,Not Recommended,236870,21775451,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SgtM10,Horrible...Take a console game and make it work on a PC but dont even make a mouse and keyboard work with it?? This is junk. The BETA at least worked with a keyboard and mouse and i played that in 2 hours and loved every minute. I Preordered and can't even make it through the content I have already completed bc the controls don't work. This is a sh!t game right now..don't waste your money unless they do some serious patches. This game is a joke.
,Not Recommended,236870,21776002,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sir1Thomas,"Back to Blood Money (Until this is fixed and fully released)In the years leading up to this game I dreamed of an experience as wonderful as Blood Money, the formula was so perfect and expectations were high that the new Hitman game would deliver on what the fans wanted. Now while Absolution isn't the best as far as a Hitman title goes, at least it can be classified as a finished product. Hitman uhh......HITMAN is the newest entry in IO interactives most recognizable franchises, and it's broken. While I can't speak for all of the optimization, and performance problems of everyone allow me to share my experience. On booting up the game I put my settings to medium level of detail, high textures, medium shading and fxaa antilialising. As soon as the first training mission started, I get graphical glitches with the lighting. Shadows from light sources casting through walls, flickering constantly completely taking me out of the game. Other than that the game ran fine with my hardware which is an AMD 79503gb, 8gb ddr3 ram, and an intel i7 4770k proccessor. Upon turning the shadows on low the flickering stopped for the most part and i continued. Then onto the actual paid demo, I mean first entry in this episodic series. Everything was working in it's favor it felt great, looked great and reminded me of blood money times a 100. Then halfway through the mansion after running smoothly for 20 minutes it starts to stutter uncontrollabley, rendering the game unplayable. I was having such a good time too, the richness of the level and sheer number of ways I could accomplish my task is amazing. I love the disguise macanic and they've found a way to make it work in a sensible way. instead of being free to go wherever as certain disguises or needing instinct certain NPCs of that group youre dressed as may notice you, so a big strategy is finding the most unique disguise with the most access. All of the mechanics could have been so sweet, it's all there. I sincerely hope the developers address all performance issues and release the quality we Hitman fans have been hyped for."
76561198069271365,Not Recommended,236870,24411628,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,CD King,Enter a world of DRM.
,Recommended,236870,35075293,Posted: 19 September,all,EvilBlowFish,"This game was easily my favorite game of 2016.  Hitman is essentially a murder sandbox.  You choose between a handful of areas with set assassination targets and are completely left to your own creativity as to how you go about killing the targets.  Feel like sniping them from a mile away?  Go for it.  Want to knock them out with a fire extinguisher and drop them down a chimney?  Sure thing.  Feel like pretending to be someone’s psychiatrist and smothering them with a pillow after discussing parenting issues?  You can do that too.If you pick up this game and simply go through all the missions, complete the kills one time and stop then you have missed the point and the joy of this game.  The real fun is replaying the missions over and over again completing the kills and challenges in different and interesting ways.  The maps really are your playground.  Go to town, have fun and get to murdering."
76561198144210062,Recommended,236870,33046482,Posted: 30 June,all,parsia,It's really good and clean game.I love it.
,Not Recommended,236870,22648854,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sirchandistroix,"Know why Absolution is still a better game than this? Because when I bought it, I got a full game. Also, I could play that without constantly worrying about getting disconnected from the servers mid-mission and losing all of my progress. I have played and beaten all Hitman games...this may be the first one I do not complete. It boggles my mind how close yet so far away the developers get to releasing the next Blood Money. I feel like there is someone within the dev team who is purposely trying to sabotage this series, as this is the only explanation I can think of for all of the poor choices they have made.Incomplete/10 - this is not a full game, and will not be until the end of the year. This isn't episodic content, it feels like early access. Skip for now, even if you are a big Hitman fan like me."
76561198026937554,Not Recommended,236870,22199312,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Wave_Man,"I've been a Hitman fan for a long time. I have all of them in my steam library. I'm feeling a bit ripped off with this version.It seems as if the developers got so lazy they couldnt even produce a stroy line.  To me this is nothing but an expansion of Absolutions contract mode, which at least has more maps in which to do the same thing over and over and over again."
,Not Recommended,236870,21775268,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Wolf,"This is exactly what a Hitman game is supposed to be like, and I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. Great gameplay, huge levels and SO many ways to kill your targets, there's a ton of replayability here. And the game also runs very smoothly on my pc. With a GTX970, a I5 4690 @3.5GHz processor and 16GBs of RAM, I get over 60 fps at almost all times with nearly everything maxed out, except when I walk into crowds, but even then, the frame rate never drops below 40 fps.Now here are the bad things.Always online DRM: Why, just ♥♥♥♥ing why? The game is 100% single player, the only multiplayer aspect that it has are the leaderboards, so why is it that I have to be connected in order to have access to a playable version of this game? For some people, this might not be an issue, but I don't have access to relayable internet, so I'm ♥♥♥♥ed there. But even when my internet works flawlessly this type of DRM still sucks, because if I'm downloading something on the background or watching a video on a different device, the game just gets SO FREAKING SLOW. And even people with good, relayable internet will have trouble with this, as the game's servers aren't stable at all and will, sometimes, simply not work. I seriously don't understand why bother with DRM like this. The only good thing about it is the fact that people can't cheat on the leaderboards, but that's 500 light years away from being worth all the problems it causes.Bugs: Half the point of this game are the challenges. Given the fact that you have very little original content, due to the episodic nature of this game, you are left with challenges to complete after completing the mission the first time. But these are VERY buggy, I'd say about a quarter of them won't unlock after you complete them, making you have to redo the whole damn thing and just hoping that this time it will be unlocked. This is completely random, as doing the same exact thing will sometimes grant you the challenge and other times it won't. There are other minor bugs in the game, but the real significant bugs are all challenge related.Episodic Content: This game is episodic. The game will be released by updates of little original content at a time. In this release, for example, there's about 60-90 minutes of original content, half of which are tutorials. After that it's all replaying the same exact missions in different ways. The major problem with this is that it's going to ruin the story. I can't see how we can get engaged in the game's story, if we're only going to get 5 minutes of cutscenes every month. There's a tiny little bit of story in this first release, but I don't even think about it and completely forget it even exists, just because of how little of it there is.Overall, I think it's an incredible Hitman game, and I personally love it. But they made so many stupid choices not while developing the game itself, but all the things around it, that I just cannot recommend it. It's too late to fix the whole episodic thing, but if they get rid of the damned always online DRM, then I'll give this game a thumbs up. But for now I say: Get it if you're a Hitman fan and you like the replayability aspects of the old games, who doesn't mind replaying the same level over and over, who knows the always online DRM isn't going to make the game completely unplayable for you at most times and who doesn't mind the episodic content. It's a long list, I know."
,Recommended,236870,30523439,Posted: 15 March,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"Maps are big and beautiful specially the one in Japon but I wouldn't play through 'em twice or more because I don't like doing that in general with games. There are good things and bad things:The Good Stuff:-Good and big maps-Great location & scene selections-Beautiful graphical style-Natural annimations-Exclusive targets-Very good performance-Fluent movement and controls-Tons of opportunities to assassinate targets with-It has the iconic HITMAN feel and nostalgia to itThe Bad Stuff:-Bad price to play-time ratio(I made that category myself,patent pending  :D)-Episodic releases of chapters-Game likes to force you to play a certain way, if you don't it will punish you in many ways and giving you bad mission scores.-They took away weapon modifications FFS and there's no upgrade system-No more equipting various items, you can put only one item in a box somewhere in the map and that's it.-Sometimes there are so many assassination opportunities(electrocution, chandelier drop etc...) around certain maps and locations that the game feels mediacore and not like a proper assassination game.-Don't expect much gunplay because it's almost non-existence, you could start shooting but devs clearly crippled that aspect of the game."
76561198019676487,Recommended,236870,33038481,Posted: 30 June,all,Sanic,Seriously you need to get this game. The writing and creative ways to take out targets are some of the most enjoyable moments I've had in gaming in a long time.
,Recommended,236870,33216167,Posted: 3 July,all,TheCandyMan,"It's basically a more free and refined version of Hitman: Absolution. Made me feel like I have the freedom to do whatever I want, but if I'm having trouble doing something, I can suggest an ""Option"" to basically walk me through one of the many ways to tackle an objective. It's got a story, but it's nothing major and in fact, makes all the missions a hell of a lot more fun. The DLC is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to buy, but episodic games is actually quite benificial for you as a consumer. It allows you to play parts of the game you can afford, instead of the full downpayment of 60$, which is about what the total of this game + the episodes are. All together though I've never felt so free to do what I want in a Hitman game for quite a while, definately worth the buy."
76561198089831264,Not Recommended,236870,24423795,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Randy Magnum,No summer bonus episode because i don't buy the full experience. Thanks Io.
76561197993511289,Not Recommended,236870,24424504,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Soylent ◄SaM►,Sales Model is a joke. Now people that bought the full game already get extra content and everyone else doesn't. To get the bonus content you have to buy the full upgrade pack and basically pay a second time for the stuff you already bought in single DLCs... ♥♥♥♥ING JOKE
,Recommended,236870,23397738,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mal'Damba,Very good game!
,Recommended,236870,23392913,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,iceveiled,"I've only played Blood Money and Absolution, and yes, Blood Money is the better game in my opinion. That said, after only playing the ""tutorial"" (which took me over 2 hours as I like to take my time and be as stealthy as possible), this feels more like absolution than Blood Money, but that's not a bad thing.  Blood money is lauded as having ""more open"" levels, but both Blood Money and Absolution have very small and very large levels. Both games had their plusses and negatives. If you like stealth games and, more importantly, the Hitman universe, this is a very solid game. If you enjoyed the last two Hitman games you will likely have a blast here.Technically, I did not have any issues. I'm still rocking the i-2500k (which is the minimum recommended processor for this game)  with a mild 4.0 GHz overclock and a GTX 970. I opted for a 30 fps refresh rate with more effects turned up. Hitman is a very slow, methodical game so I figured 30 fps would be fine. Outside of some very slight frame rate hitching when the game was streaming in new assets, it stayed locked at said framerate. Most settings at max.Great game so far, can't wait to dive into more of it tomorrow.  Less than 3 hours in, but didn't have any issues with connection to the game server. That said, I find it rather lame that a lot of modern games, even in the single player mode, require a connecton of some sort (such as The Divison)."
,Recommended,236870,34186401,Posted: 12 August,all,Ext™,I absolutely love this game! This is literally the best stealth and the HITMAN game out there after Blood Money. Also. please make Season 2 a reality :)
76561198171238315,Recommended,236870,21923224,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,danstew23,"I DO actually recommend the Intro pack (12,99) under a few conditions:- If you ARE a completionist, or don't mind replaying the same content/level/map several times to complete it in several different ways.- If you DON'T mind coming back to a game after a month, after new content is added, unless you manage to spend a whole month replaying the currently available map.If you meet those conditions, you will probably not mind the elephant in the room - Hitman's ""a map a month gradual release"", where you first start with an intro-pack, and new content (maps/missions) are added each month. If you want the full game on your HD right away, with the choice to binge-play and complete it at your own pace, even if you blast through it within a day or two, you will probably want to wait until all maps are released.If you do get the intro-map, right now you get: 2 tutorial missions, one of which you HAVE to complete in different ways twice, plus the Paris map, which you CAN complete over and over in different ways, and HAVE to complete several times to complete all challenges (if you want to do that).The tutorials are pretty quick, and then you hit Paris. The Paris mission is worth exploring, there are MANY ways to eliminate your targets. I have no idea in how many different ways you can complete this one, but I read about people playing this level for like 10+ hours, over and over.However, if you completed it and would like to move on...wait before you purchase the game.Performance-wise, it is ok. My rig is an i7-4790 with 16 GB ram and Windows 7 plus an Nvidia GTX960 with 4 gigs. I didn't experiences glitches or anything like that, and the game looks nice. Not mind-blowing, mind you, but it's pretty decent. Not more, not less, IMO.The controls work well, but keep in mind I have played this with a controller. Not sure how it works with kbm.Considering the intro pack is like 12EUR, I think the prize is ok if you like replaying stuff in different ways. It's like a demo where you can test the controls, performance and mechanics. If you bought the whole thing and would like to move beyond Paris, well, you might feel disappointed for now.Pro:+ Graphics are ok+ Lots of detail regarding backdrops, NPC-activities etc.+ A guidance-system which will help you get started if you never played a Hitman game (tracking opportunities to complete a mission, roughly guiding you). This can be switched off if you want to figure out a mission all by yourself, so the choice is yours.+ The levels do feel kinda alive, with NPCs chatting about different things+ Performance was ok on my system+ Lots of replayability and ways to solve a mission if you like to play that way.+ The contracts you can create, or contracts by other players, can be fun, but still are in the same settings as the missions.+ Some methods to solve a mission are fun to figure out, can be challenging, are pretty tactical.Cons:- If you DON'T like to unlock everything or try many different ways to complete a mission, there isn't much to do.- Always online, and if you lose connection, your progress in the current session is lost. Haven't experienced that yet, but I only played for 3 hours (have completed the tutorials and the Paris mission in those 3 hrs). However, I kinda worried in the back of my mind while playing, hoping the connection would not break up.- The ""gradual release"" thing might be an experiment, or might be a method to generate income while the game is still being worked on. Personally, I'd prefer to have the FULL game right away, as I doubt I'll go back to this game every month to play the new content, as I'll probably be playing something else by then, and going back to readjust to the game and its mechanics every month isn't a fun thing to do IMO.Verdict:If you are a completionist, or wanna test the game, get the intro pack and decide whether you like the game enough to upgrade and wait for future content. The game is decent. Nothing mind-blowing regarding AI, gameplay, performance or graphics. Your mileage may very much vary, so for some hItman-fans, this might be perfect, while others will hate the gradual release. I give the intro pack a 7.5/10, if I had paid the whole thing probably a 5 or 6"
76561198013113040,Not Recommended,236870,26677327,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sekata,"I love hitman. For anyone who misses blood money type sandbox levels, this game is fantastic. But notably absent are the grim humor and newspaper flavor that made Blood Money what it was. Also missing is the soul. I love the cutscenes, but this game does not have the slight tongue and cheek tone of Blood Money or even Absolution. It feels very commercial. That flaw is nailed home by the Always online restrictions. You do not own the whole game, if the servers go down all of your unlocked content goes with it.This is a fantastic franchise under seige by an awful publisher. Screw you Square Enix."
,Not Recommended,236870,30645191,Posted: 20 March,all,LGf,game is almost as good as blood money was but need to be always online kill it for me. and what if they go bankrupt and turn off servers ?
76561198012488079,Not Recommended,236870,33559934,Posted: 15 July,all,trainsim,"As a game its fantastic. Its everything we've ever wanted from a hitman game. The progression challanges for the levels are a great old school way to encourage replay. And the elusive targets are a fun way to add challenge to reward players.But, with all this theres one thing that'll always let this game down.It has to be always online for any progress to be savedUntil they pull back on this always online you will aways be Screwed if your internet happens to die. OR even better, if their servers are under load and struggling to keep connections, theres no point even playing the game. Its quite literally a  single player game with server connection issues. This is absolutely pathetic. I would highly recommend that if you did want this game, never pay full price for any of it and always wait for a good sale."
,Not Recommended,236870,24422561,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,nkay,"Bought the episodes one-by-one, got discriminated by the company. Most definitely a no-no."
,Not Recommended,236870,21842849,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Androkiller™,"To be honest, this game was a disappointmentYou require online connection or you will have major problems with functionality in this gameYour kids can play this game due to blood is non-existent in the gameThis game seems like your always in America due to the AI and Targets all have the same accent even if the Target is RussianIf you are American and don’t understand the rest of the world when speaking their native language or trying to speak English with a foreign accent, NOT TO WORRY this game is for youLots of weapons but no customizationAs a Hitman u do not earn money but Mastery pointsNo newspaper articles like from BMGameplay is well interesting but can be polished"
76561197964957155,Recommended,236870,25101363,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,GaGrin,"At the time of writing I have finished two of the four released episodes.Wow.  While I personally think the move and shoot could afford to be tightened up a tad, this is extremely close to perfect for the franchise and honestly I'd almost given up hope after the divisive mixed bag of Absolution.All the nice ideas included in the previous game are still here, but without the painful and inappropriate narrative arc or linear design.  Disguises are back to being useful and I think their solution to this mechanic is the best it's ever been, both clear and challenging without forcing idiotic behaviours.All my complaints about the game are really minor: as I mentioned above, I personally find the aiming a bit clunky, the movement a touch slow when you're after speed - but neither of these is terrible enough to detract from core puzzle of the game.Exceptional level design, decent AI behaviours including plenty of verbal warnings for minor transgressions before they gun you down like a dog.  Assuming all the levels are as indepth as the first three (I haven't finished the third episode but that's largely down to not having an escape plan) then this game is more than worth the asking price."
76561197966486242,Not Recommended,236870,22892992,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MirZ,good game. but very poorly optimized. a lot of stuttering here and there. no matter which setting i use.
76561197966485613,Not Recommended,236870,21776288,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ll G-Man531 ll,"My first review of a game on Steam because I just can't  believe what a bad product this is Compared to the previous releases.This is not a game. It is a menu system with unfinished content. Even with the training and one Paris mission it is certianly not worth the $60. Here is the run-down:-Texture Quality locked to ""low.""  On my system? WTF?- FPS performance is horrible.- Must be online, or you are kicked to Main Menu- Pay to play - really? I just dropped $60 bucks for a menu, training, and one mission.Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700HQ CPU @ 2.60GHz, 2592 Mhz, 4 Core(s)2GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M16 GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,236870,30668703,Posted: 22 March,all,Aliandris,"This is a great game that, unfortunately, cannot be played due to the always online component. A great game, no matter how awesome, cannot be given a thumbs up if it can't be played. I should not be spending ten, twenty, or thirty minutes hoping for the game to give me access. I shouldn't be getting disconnected in the middle of missions. I shouldn't be cut off from the content I paid for in order to play offline - not having access to the challenges, targets, mastery levels, or earned gear is completely unacceptable. I should be enjoying my time playing in these beautifully crafted levels, killing people in a variety of amusing and clever ways. Not coming up with ways to kill time while I wait for the game to decide if I'm allowed to play.Once the always online component is removed I will absolutely change this review to a thumbs up, 10/10."
,Recommended,236870,32831269,Posted: 26 June,all,Grizzly,"I held off from buying this version of Hitman as I knew I had the disc for Hitman: Blood Money (widely considered to be the best hitman game) still lying around. I got it for my birthday in 2012 and never got around to sitting down and actually bloody playing it. What I got was one of the most fun games I have ever played. A game that gives you a puzzle and multiple solutions in the vein of games like Dishonored and Deus Ex, but with the focus firmly on assassination and no qualms about ""being the good guy"": You're a professional. You have standards, even if you don't have an aussie accent or deeply dissapointed parents, but morals aren't really a consideration here. What matters is getting away with it, making it look like an accident.HITMAN improves upon this in every way: In a sense the game is exactly what you would think a Hitman sequel 10 years after Blood Money would look like, with technical progress meaning that levels can be more expansive, that there is more room for replayability (which Blood Money already had). Don't be fooled by there ""just"" being six areas in season 1: Each area offers multiple missions, a variety of entry and exit points, multiple ways of killing someone and making it look like an accident, and the game highly encourages you to try out all the variations. None of these are real letdowns either. I simply haven't seen any other game which offers such a large variety of approaches within it's levels, which so actively encourages experimentation. Hitman is a game in which I want to retry a level not because I want to do better, but because I want to do differently. That is a rare achievement."
,Not Recommended,236870,24412064,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cupcaik,"Update: Since IO Interactive are now the sole owners of Hitman, maybe things are due to change for the better.The game is good if you simply count the gameplay. Large, open levels feel varied (apart from the repeated NPCs) in the ways that you can go about completing them. Despite this, however, I have chosen to write a negative review soley for the reason that episodic buyers are currently being shafted (myself included) simply because we haven't given the devs enough money so far. I would not recommend supporting the devs of this game since they are using very unfair business practices in order to gain more money. Fair enough it's their choice, but I for one will not be supporting if this goes on."
76561198038709901,Not Recommended,236870,24412024,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,billguythesciencenye,To be able to have access to any exlusive content you have to pay for something you won't see or play for several months. Missing out on an entire episode because I've bought the game episode by episode instead of all at once.Which if you buy it episode by episode you're actually giving them more money.Give your money to someone less greedy. This game gets old fast due to little content and money grabbing delays like the Summer Bonus Episode. Then giving you no way to even buy the episode. So no more Hitman content this summer! Great. I guess I have to go outside now. Or I could bust my♥♥♥♥♥all summer and unlock a suit with gloves and a different color gun. Cool.
76561197980372335,Recommended,236870,22392628,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Francis,"A great game with new content weekly. There is a strong reliance on internet connection with much of the game being locked without internet connection but I have had almost no issues with connecting to the server. The game itself has an insane amount of replay value and at the time of this review I have spent more time in the 3 maps and countless contracts than I spent playing absolution (33 hours) and they haven't even added elusive contracts yet. Some people are put off by the episodic release and I was at first as well, but after playing the game seeing how they are working on it weekly and even getting emails about what features I would like to see I feel that the games devs are working hard on making this a great game."
76561198082477226,Not Recommended,236870,24317619,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Alice,"This game is fun as a whole. However there are too few content to play. They cannot even release 1 episode every 30 days. I bought this game when they first release, and there are only 3 episode to play until now (except the demo like traning). Remember we paid full money for the full version, and they claim that they will release all other episode before summer.Somehow I feel like I am lending money to the game company.I will think twice before buying other game from that company."
76561197970976836,Recommended,236870,23564640,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,de357mag5,"this game is more like old school hitman, not that on a rail crap that was absolution. figure out ways to get to your targets, use the envioronment, get creative. love it.even playing the same maps over you learn new tricks or find different ways to complete your goals each time. plus the ability to play user created missions keeps you coming back for more. I am SO glad I went ahead and got this. some people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the episodic way it's coming out but I have bairly started the third misisons today and I've had it for a while now. I play a couple times trying different things, take a break and keep coming back. especially for the elusive targets, missed one already and bummed about it, but oh well just makes me want to get the next one that much morewhat more can I say except getting that silent assasin, suit only makes you feel like a real bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,236870,26740914,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,LackyLucXD,"I can't connect to the game server,I can only play offline mode,Anti piracy mechanism, a serious impact on the legitimate gaming experience"
,Not Recommended,236870,30244603,Posted: 28 February,all,KabKab,fantastic game ruined by DRM
,Recommended,236870,23598108,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,boston,zack and cody suite life at sea is a great game about a bald guy who looks like my dad (or dab may i say ;))) ).ill ♥♥♥♥ing kill you id recommend this game to people who like stealth games
76561198290503311,Not Recommended,236870,21776217,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bighalverson,"I hate to give this game a negative rating but I have to be honest at least with myself. I have played every Hitman game since the first, yes I am that old and crusty. I was so excited about Hitman Absolution I looked pass or dare I say Blindfolded my♥♥♥♥♥to help me ignore its shortcummings. The Hitman games have become a mindless series. Yes, the graphics are great, the environemnts are awesome and the dialogue is superb. However, the gameplay reminds of the old 8bit and bit days of gaming where you had to play the level several times to memorize what or how the AI would behave. My good friend since High-Schoool has worked at ""IO"" / Square Enix or whatever they call themselves for about  odd years. He has happily worked on more than one Hitman game in the past and always had great things to say. However, in the last  3 to 4 year or so it has not been that way. Jeff has always said very little about Hitman Absolution and the recent Hitman now series ""For Profit"". He left IO interactive 6/15 and was asked to reconsider through several emails and meatings with upper management. As he worded it, the series has become a mindless game where the ""AI"" has predertimned paths and behaviors in place regardless as to how you play the level or navigate it. So, no matter how well you plan your attack on the level, you will most likely have to ""Redo"" it once you learn the AI paths and behaviors. I feel like its 1999 again. Super Nintendo all the way MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,236870,31416227,Posted: 28 April,all,"Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids","As of writing this the game has been complete and stable for some time, although I played the hell out of every map the second they came out while the first season was being made I still manage to bring myself back for challenge runs and contract. In the sense that bloodmoney had me replaying the informant level and the opera countless times in my youth I cant help but think they've sorta nailed it with this one. The levels are massive and although alot of it is vestigial for side missions and contracts it really creates an atmosphere and encourages exploration. The unlockables are almost all useful in some shape or form and encourage a ton of replay, but since the maps have so much potential variation this rarely feels like a grind. Although alot of the challenges require specific series of events to actually be set into play ala goldberg the levels dont feel trapped to these conditions, your target can die however and whereever you decide if you dont feel like putting in the extra work for style points.Alot of people have asked me about Hitman, being scared off originally because of the reviews focussed on episodic content and people complaining about online only. Maybe its just me living in an age where im never 50 ft from the nearest source of internet or just personally have good luck and havent had issues with the online profile but it has never once happend to me since they released the training missions so i've felt inclined to give a game/series I love a positive honest review."
,Not Recommended,236870,24424739,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,acole90,"so, me and many others bought the episodes indivudually. It cost more than buying the game whole. How do the developers respond? yeah, they make us pay on top of the price we've paid for the bonus content WHICH THOSE WHO PAID LESS FOR THE GAME GOT FREE. what a massive ♥♥♥♥ you from the developers. Why should i pay even more for the bonus content pack when i've already paid more for the base game? How about a ♥♥♥♥ing response for once too"
,Recommended,236870,23709477,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Selly_,"Hitman 2k15 is a fantastic addition to a legendary series of stealth and free-choice assassination missions. The game has high diversity, high replayability and incredibly finely tuned AI, weapon balance and level design. I spent the first few hours completing the training missions alone to make sure I'd covered all the ""challenges"", including unique assassinations, unique outfits, special feats, special discoveries and taking advantage of all the unique opportunities. Couple this with the escalation missions (meaning you're assassinating entirely new people on the same maps), and custom contracts mode (featuring you, and your friends custom assassination targets/objectives) and you find that this game is so near perfect for replayability that like myself I've played almost 20 hours at this point on just the training missions and the very first mission (Paris) to get the most I can out of the inbuilt replayability features. A must own to someone who was hurt by Absolution, but you can always wait for all the DLC to be released, and of course, there are still some issues with having to be online, so wait a few months before picking up (maybe they'll come to their senses)."
76561198211293140,Recommended,236870,23356853,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,eterchen,"more fun by investigating map & methods of having job done.but the story dosen't fully show up yet, i think <Absolution> has a better story so far."
76561198000482816,Not Recommended,236870,24410046,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AdicusDio,"Apparently if you buy as an episodic game, they intentionally LOCK you out of a lot of content. They do NOT tell you this either. If you buy the Intro, then Italy and Morroco separately, you can NOT buy the upgrade pack, so you get locked out of the bonus missions, including the Elusive bonus missions even if you are willing to pay the full price of the upgrade pack or even the full game outright after the fact. Utter rubbish. If the game had excellent reviews originally, I wouldn't have resorted to the episodic format. Also, another punishment to episodic players is they set arbitrary, real-world deadlines for ALL Elusive contracts. Meaning if you aren't playing from day one, you'll never get a chance to tackle them. It should be set from the point you download the game parts, and not real-world deadlines from months past. Great way to alienate fans you jerks. As if the horrid load times, CONSTANT server drops (oh yeah, always online for single player, wtg) that kick you out of the planning area and back to main menu or drop you from the mission as there is a 50/50 chance it won't let you ""retry"" the online connection, challenges NOT get recorded, forcing a redo and crossing fingers it'll accept and update, etc. And now they forced a 4gb update for content I can't even access? Who the hell is running this game into the ground? JERKS"
,Recommended,236870,23847027,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jsak666,"This is how a Hitman game should be. Ditch the story and go for what makes this game unique, the contracts!!! The progressive launch of each location/map is great, gives me time to push through the challenges of each map and not feel pushed to chew through a story that, to me, is a side show to what makes this game.I hear a lot of whinging about always online but I have never had any problems with it. You will always get whingers when games or the market changes direction.All in all I love this game, have played the entire series and this is by far the best installment yet."
,Not Recommended,236870,24428209,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FOX,Signle player game needing constant internet connection is beyond me.It would've been fine if the servers were reliable.
76561198036335355,Recommended,236870,22418239,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mlgiardina,"If you buy this game with the right expectations (episodic release rather than instant full release), you'll be fine. Lots of people seem to be complaining about the episodic release but it's stated upfront, so I don't know what they were expecting.That aside, the game is very fun, with elements like escalations and contract kills to maintain replayability. Escalations are 5-part missions where after each level, they introduce a new parameter such as either killing another person or completing the mission in under 5 minutes. By the time you get to the final part of the mission, it's generally quite difficult and requires good planning. So far I've completed about 9 escalations and find them to be my favorite part of the game so far."
,Recommended,236870,23612179,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,:D:,"Really good game, worth to buy."
,Not Recommended,236870,24411653,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Madn3ss,"Conclusion :not recommended. Graphic is nice, totally next gen quality, game is very newbie-friendly ( a lot of hand holdings ), however gameplay is just OK, always-online DRM is wayyy over the top, and the way Squeenix/IO Interactive do business is intolerable.Lets start with the intolerable part.HITMAN is literally a tripe-A early access game, released in episodic fashion. Knowing people would be hesitant to pay 60$ up front for an unfinished product, combined with the fact that the previous Hitman game didn't give fans a lot of faith, SQ/IOI introduced a way to buy the game by piece, each piece equals a released location, and promised additional contents for those locations as the game develops, with no extra DLC planned. Yet 4 months later, they introduced some above-average contents for existing locations, however only allows people who paid 60$ up front to play with it. The rest will have to wait until after the whole game is out tobuyit, AKA they won't receive these totally-not-a-DLC contents for free. People who chose to buy episodes separately already committed to paying more than the full buy users in the long run ( 65$ vs 60$ ) and now they'll have to pay even more for thosebonuscontents. In the end this is an episodic game that punishes episodically buyers, and they did that without any warnings beforehand.Now for the DRM.To make up for the lack of fresh locations ( only 6 locations, so about half the amount in previous Hitman games ), IOI made the maps much bigger, with many ways to complete your tasks. As you discover more ways to finish your contracts, more unlocks will be available in that map ( i.e more starting locations, weapons caches,.. ). However all unlocks are tied to your Squeenix account, and as soon as you're offline you'll lose access to all of it. If you're playing and lose connection to SQ server then you're kicked back to main menu. Offline mode means a mission always start the same way.Moreover, when you're online the game auto saves very often, and randomly. Those auto save are again stored in SQ server, and when it's autosaving ( takes about 1 to 2 minute in my case ), youcan'ttrigger a manual save, and have to wait until the game finished uploading to the cloud. Same case for when you want to load a save, there's a long delay for the game to fetch autosaves down. And when it's fetching there's a very high chance to lose connection, then you are kicked back to the main menu. Bye bye progress.Gameplay is a big step down from previous Hitman games, Absolution included.Bigger map, more opportunities, yes, but most of those key events are scripted, you have to approach the location to actually ""trigger"" it, instead of ""mind your own business"" attitude in previous games. This creates a linear feeling inside a semi-open environment. Many mechanics seen in previous games are missing here. No bloodstains, no sniper case, no peeking keyholes, just to name a few. More hand holdings are included, and updates that were supposed to improve the mechanics made questionable decisions. For example in episode 2, the town of Sapienza includes a beach, a church, a town square, a mansion, plus many alleys and tunnels. It makes sense to have multiple security camera systems operating in the town, however a recent update ""connected"" all those systems, which means you only have to tamper one system to have every cameras in the town to be nullified. And did I mention that there are nobody observing those security screens ever? Overall it's still fun and enjoyable, but if you were a fan of Hitman games a decade ago you'd see a lack of depth here.Graphics seem to be the saving grace here. It looks nice both at low and high settings, and the world can be very vivid with settings cranked up ( not the first map though, it's obvious that a Paris high-fashion event isn't mean to be colorful ). Game supports DX12, and it does look better on DX12 while require less GPU power, however there are still occasional crashes here and there when DX12 is used.Sound is ok, it's not a big attraction point after all.Overall, unless you've taken a great interest in this game, wait until 2017 or 2018 to buy it, because IOI is probably disbanded by then, and Squeenix would be willing to sell the game for cheap, because the way they run business with this game isn't looking very promising at the moment ( first location is good, second is awesome, however third one is a huge drop, along with screwing customers along the way )."
,Recommended,236870,23396429,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Shiny Sylveon,"Windows 10AMD A10-8700Radeon R6, 10 Compute Cores, 4C + 6G, 1.80 GHz12.0 GB RAMPlayed with Xbox One Wireless controllerThis is quite possibly the best hitman game to date.   Hitman 2016 makes a return to open ended maps with tons of replay and exploration value. a new feature is Opportunities, which remove a lot of the blind running around older Hitman games suffered from.  This also serves to make the game much more newbie friendly.  Contracts mode makes a return and is fun as ever, however there isn't a way to search for friends' contracts at the moment.  There are also even more challenges, even some tough ones for experienced players like my current addiction: Silent Assassin Suit Only challenge.The game is unfinished, which makes it a hard buy not knowing if it will keep it's quality up in coming missions. The always online component is annoying and a huge barrier, and I had to reduce settings so the game would run well on my PC.Despite it's issues this is an amazing edition to the series with potential to be even better than Blood Money.  New players will find the system easy to learn, yet hard to master, and old fans will be happy with a return to form.Pros:Return to classic Hitman gameplayMassive mapsHours of replay valueNew player friendly yetChallenging for series veteransReturn of Contracts modeCons:Poor OptimizationOnline connection required for most featuresCannot search for friends' contractsEpsodic release of missions makes current quality unguaranteed."
76561198160497937,Not Recommended,236870,21774626,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gregbean,It's really not that good
,Not Recommended,236870,22648545,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Spooderman,This is absurd. You make us wait until April for the second level of a game. Then you make us wait until the end of April. Then you make us wait until the hour you decide. And then you're late again. Pathetic.
76561197971692751,Recommended,236870,24650621,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Delle(DK),"I dont really understand all the HATE there is against hitman.But yes there are some issues regarding the upgrade pack and how they published that part of the game.And yes there have been some dx12 problems, but they fixed it now i think ( i never had problems with it ).And yes i also hate the always online crap.HoweverHitman is a beautifull and very well made game where you get huge levels and many different cool ways of killing a target and solving your ""mission"".I would say there is like 20 different official ways to kill the target in cool ways that will unlock some kind of achievement ingame.If you play the main story/campaign you will find 2 targets pr. map. I know this do not sound like much, but you can do the killing in many different kind of ways, BUT there are also tons of user made missions and side missions you can play that will technical speaking never make you run out of new missions or people to kill, and you can create your own missions and share it with the community.All in all i think this is the best hitman game ever made, though I had hoped for contracts that pay money and i had to buy my weapons on the black market instead of you having to play and unlock things kind of way.But it is not so bad as it sound.. Example after first time you complete a map you will get access to new starting locations and clothing ect. and well it make the replay a bit more fun since you can aproach the target in a different kind of way, and maybe infiltrate example buildings and other things more easy.Yes you also get more equipment so you example can kill with explosives, or deadly poison. Things unlock as you play.If you liked previous hitman games, them im sure you like this one.. It is huge, beautifull and a really good game."
,Recommended,236870,22333896,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Trish Kendall,I love this game but I wish they worked harder on the contract mode... It's stupid... But whatever. Overall itrs a good game just has its flaws.
,Recommended,236870,23576498,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Freedom's Flame,Hitman has returned.
76561198175748885,Recommended,236870,23396319,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MiffedMax,"HITMAN is definitely the classiest of stealth games, from the suits to the combat to the locations everything is (almost) as clean cut as agent 47 hair (pun intended),the controls are easy to use and square enix has thought of everything to give you the ability to shoot, stab, blow up and generally end your targets and still walk out undetected.the problem with other assassination and stealth games is that they either only allow one style of play (e.g contract killer is 90% sniper) or they involve you getting shot at more than sneaking (mgs or warframe) but hitman allows you to find your own style, do you kill everyone in the country or discretely poison your targets drink and be gone ages before they even drink it (a.k.a really stealthy) the choice is yours.of course there are downsides, the mastery rank system is good and unloking that sweet new suit is rewarding but at the same time, when you start a new location (e.g marrakesh) you can't really do much to start off with and may have to do the same thing or complete insanely difficult challenges over and over to be able to get the most fun result.the other thing is that if you want a reaistic game, this is really not for you, apart from the incredible graphics and the fact that shooting someone in the leg causes them to limp (y'know, like real life), being able to dress yourself at a speed that makes the flash feel faint kind of loses the imersion (thats not saying that i WANT to see agent 47 strip himself and a dead person before putting on said dead person's clothes) not to mention the rediculousness of distracting someone by throwing a coin (they kind of just look at the coin for a bit before going back to whatever it was they were doing.obviously there are others but i'm not writing a book here.so in conclusion HITMAN is an experience that i would recommend to anyone who wants a fun, challenging, classy and violent experience that'll definataly keep you satified for hours (and also wanting that next location)"
,Recommended,236870,21845721,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Dixlapper,"Do not listen to those who are giving negative reviews. I took the time to read a majority of them and the only problem they seem to have is connection issues. I have yet to have one connection issue with my game.Since that is the case, I must spend my criticism on the actual gameplay. This game is immense! I cannot find a better word to describe it. Only one mission, but 1000 ways to complete it. I spent most of my time completing challenges and discovering new ways to lure, expose, or kill my targets. This element was prevelant in Blood Money but absent in Absolution. Glad the developers took the time to recognize that and bring it back into the world of assassination. It took me about 4 hours to finally achieve Silent Assassin with only wearing the suit. Talk about difficult.For those who enjoy the difficulty of playing Hitman, take off all the indicators, instinct, mini-map. It makes it that much harder. Also  try avoiding the use of any guides, for it will only decrease the enjoyment. I would also like to say that if you are a perfectionist, then get ready to hit that restart, save, and load buttons multiple times. The Showstopper mission in Paris is full of obstacles that need to be conquered. The AI is very sensitive to small movements, sounds, and any altercations 47 has with other people. If your goal is to kill someone other than your targets, then by all means do so. Just know that if you don't hide the bodies there will be consequences.Lastly, I would like to talk about the mechanics of the game. If you are thinking about doing something with an object, then you can do it. Name an object: knife, screwdriver, wrench, lead pipe, scissors, fire axe, remote controlled explosive device with detonator. Take these items and do what you please with them. The environment allows you to do what you please. You can shoot the chain off a chandalier and it will fall and crash. Shoot a fire extinguisher and it will explode. The possibilities are endless. 30 hours into the game and hoping to double it when more missions come out. The episodic development is a good idea for one reason. If you don't like the game, then you would only be screwed out of $15. You can buy the intro pack and see what the game is like. If you enjoy it, then buy the upgraded version for another $49.99. The devs were smart in doing this because there are some people who have not been die hard Hitman fans like myself. This type of game needs an aquired taste and loads of patience. If you cannot take your time to complete a mission, then do not bother with this game. Go back to your Call of Duty.Pros-Unlimited ways to approach and terminate your targets-Immense environment to wander and lurk around-AI is very intelligent and have a variety of conversations-Sound is realistic (gun fire, glass breaking, etc.)-Gameplay is fluid and not mechanical-An array of challenges to complete (assassinations, discovery, feats)-Stealth and Aggression are both welcomed-Options to turn on or off indicators for assisstance-Pools of blood and blood splatter on walls-Sandbox style gameCons-Graphics could be better-No multiplayer-Aim down sight is hard to get used to-Guards will shoot you if you do not comply-No rifle case for the sniper-POV is awkward (over the right and left shoulder view, it should be centered)-No first person point of view (it was available in blood money)-No use of human sheildOverall, the pros outweigh the cons. This review was as unbiased as I was trying to make it. It is a very enjoyable game to play. Again, for the hardcore Hitman fans, you shouldn't even be worrying about the review because you're probably already submerged into the game like myself. For anybody else, I recommend buy the starter pack first before buying the entire game. Get a feel for it. It takes patience and commitment and retrials. Hopefully you found this review helpful. May you all take on the role of Agent 47 and enter the World of Assassination. Thanks and have a nice day!"
76561197987948664,Recommended,236870,33164539,Posted: 2 July,all,Money Ay,"Amazing game. I loved blood money and then absolution took one step back, but this game took two steps forward. Have not had any problems connecting to servers or anything. I do wish you could start enough level on a higher difficulty instead of having to grind out some challenges to unlock it. The hints can also make the game too easy in my opinion but I love the fact I cant disable all in game hints and oppertunities so I can just explore and get a true sense of discovery."
76561198079651935,Recommended,236870,34964333,Posted: 14 September,all,Dr. Derker,"you can wear a santa claus outfit to a hostile military areaAlso a pretty solid stealth game, which rewards creative thinking, and perfect stealth (No kills, suit only, no detections). However this doesn't stop you from killing tons of people and changing your outfit to avoid heat. All missions can be won without too much difficulty, however the difficulty comes from challenges, whether from the game or self-imposed."
,Recommended,236870,35225060,Posted: 26 September,all,Emperial,yes.
,Recommended,236870,34075022,Posted: 6 August,all,Rook,"A great Hitman game for all skill levels. Customizable difficulty settings. You can make it more like Blood Money, by turning off the minimap, instinct, and opportunities. Or, you can keep it easy and leave those things on. Once you reach level 5 in a specific level, you can turn on professional mode. This changes it to be even more difficult. Cameras can report suspicious behavior, NPC paths are changed, and holding strange objects out in the open will actually be considered suspicious.One major downside is that performance can be abysmal in large, crowded areas. Even when you're well above the minimum or recommended specs, you might still suffer frame drops or even stuttering, regardless of graphic settings."
,Recommended,236870,33908949,Posted: 30 July,all,CBA Supreme,"With the amount of content within the first season alone, along with the many ways to complete the levels, this game is absolutely top shelf. If you have the time and patience, play the demo; it's definitely worth at least a try."
,Recommended,236870,22474400,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Garfield,"I have always been a fan of the Hitman franchise and this new one did NOT disappoint me.I feel that the always online DRM is being bashed a bit too harshly. Yes, I did get kicked once but that was on the launch day itself. After that I have played it many times and have never got any problem.I experienced no performance issues as well. It runs perfectly on my GTX970 with maxed out stuff at 1920x1080.The graphics are excellent. The Showstopper mission is excellent and the open-world is really large and allows us to experiment and complete the objective in many ways. AI seems to be improved as well.Although waiting for the future episodes is painful, the Paris mission itself is huge and offers many challenges to complete. Contracts mode is also a fun part.Looking forward to the future!!!!"
76561198079965308,Recommended,236870,22570537,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,sreejath007,"Awesome game except the episodic release. The wait for the release of next episode is boring, as i am forced to replay the Paris mission alone for many times.But the best thing is the Paris mission is awesome with its very detailed environment and rich gameplay as there is a large freedom of approach.I think the graphics needs to be optimized for low end PC's.I expected from this game much more than what i got from Absolution. I think the episodic release spoils the enjoyment to some extent.Anyway i will recommend this game to my friends."
,Recommended,236870,22362225,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Minecraft User,Pros:-Fun gameplay-Big maps-Many kills-Interesting loadout and starting point choicesCons:-Always online for challenges-Gross mission per month release-Automatic exit to main menu after losing connection.
,Recommended,236870,22367339,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Comrade Term,"A fantastic and wonderfully dense sandbox experience that takes the best parts of Blood Money and past Hitman games. You will never run out of ways to have fun or devise new assassinations. Additionally, it's become smoother and better with each update. I haven't dropped below 60fps on high settings since launch. Since then, the game has been perfect. Easily a 9/10."
,Recommended,236870,22561418,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,paytonfish1,"i thought hitman was a great redition of an already great franchise. the levels are large, open, and allow you to tackle the mission anyway you please."
76561198046403712,Not Recommended,236870,24672271,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Xardas100,"Good:The bloodmoney experience. Good levels, even if you could nickpick a few things.Bad:Offline mode: no unlocks, you always start at the same location, the same bad pistol, no poisons.ADDED: Patches made that game worse in some places:1. Only 1 Camerasystem needs to be disabled to disable all cameras on the map(Sapienza has 3 systems,one at a church, a mansion and a secret underground lab. Makes no sense)2. Some conversations are now considered private, so you are not allowed to be seen.Even if they stand in a large group and everybody else can hear them.Server for germany not very stable, 3 discounects in 1 month.Loading all your unlocks takes a lot of time now.Elusive Targets, Contracts mode: Modding would had been better, these things don't add anything. They didn't put much work into these.Update: Wow, elusive targets are so pointless and not fun, after 20 targets now its painfully obvious. No backstories, no chatter, just targets at new locations on old maps....If the company dies or the developer is shut down(Square Enix did this stuff before), ""your"" game is gone....Update: could happen anytime now after Squareenix wants to get rid of IO Interactive :(So all in all, if it wasn't always online, it could have been a good game. But the issues around the game kill it.Update: new professional difficulty is bad and lazy: It lets you earn master points by doing the same opportunities like before, with more guards and more cameras, to get a reskin of weapons with one exception. One new gun added for bankkok.There are only little twists now on these old maps, like replaced some items and sealed of escape routes.Only good thing is cameras now are watched on most levels so running in front of one with a gun drawn raises suspicion. like in Bloodmoney :)"
,Recommended,236870,33196342,Posted: 3 July,all,MikeCreator,Amazing game with lots of replay value and fun game mechanics! 10/10
76561197961358224,Recommended,236870,22441817,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,BlackFlame**Pub-Star**,Real fun game
76561197992740279,Recommended,236870,22372017,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,xrabbit,"I see a lot of people not recommending this game because of the online drm and that the game hasn't been introduced as one whole, you can tho go offline and play if you want, there is no requirements to be online, but contracts and escalations won't be available if this is done aswell as saves made while online.. quite understandable since cheating while offline is easy. The game is fun and with good graphics, with the new updates it seems to be running much smoother than when it was first released.Looking forward for the rest of the game. Would ofcourse like more right now, but my expectations to the next chapters is all the more hightened"
76561197982462711,Recommended,236870,22689328,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Joomnery,"""You have been disconnected from the Hitman Server"". Single. Player. Game.Hitman [2016] has great potential, but is plagued by an atrocious user experience and bugs. Is it reasonable to expect a bug fixed in episode 1 to not reappear in episode 2? I think so, but then, here we are.Episode 2 feels just as rough around the edges as Episode 1, which is to say that it will be smoothed out over time. If you want to avoid being a beta tester then be patient and wait for the game to be finished. There's certainly no benefit to the polish of the game with this episodic release schedule.If you're a traditional Hitman fan it's worth pushing through all the♥♥♥♥♥♥as underneath there's a Hitman game and it is glorious."
,Recommended,236870,22333468,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,"It has its problems, but it's still best Hitman experience after Blood Money"
,Recommended,236870,22384901,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DJames,"I thought this was a great game. Enjoyed going through the challenges, especially for the Paris mission. The online thing doesn't bother me as much as others, but I can definitely see why people would be annoyed by it. Overall, an excellent experience that offers an abundance of methods to finish a mission - which is an important and neccessary staple of Hitman games."
,Recommended,236870,22352608,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Encom_Renegade,"After the recent patch, I love this game! It really feels like a new hitman! Can't wait to see what other stages come out for it!"
,Recommended,236870,22385916,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,FrankDrebbon_PoliceSquad,"I wasnt too sure about the episodic release schedule but Ive found that because of it, I explored more of the mission and ended up completing each one, multiple times, using multiple methods.  I loved episode 1, and hope episode 2 is just as great!"
,Recommended,236870,22427654,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nickleby,Great game. It has a lot of features and missions but I'd like a few new maps to play on.
,Recommended,236870,22441894,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,DeadMemes,"I had lots o f trouble when first opening the game but when a messed around with the settings a bit I got it working fine with no problems, other than that I loved the game."
76561198002524107,Not Recommended,236870,29093710,Posted: 7 January,all,Claven,"First of all, the game content is fine. Although I dislike the step back from its gritty pulp novel feel that was present in Blood Money and Absolution, it's a solid Hitman game.You have tons of options, bevy of targets, many imaginative ways to pull off your hits.However, the always-online option works less often than it doesn't. You can get disconnected and lose progress, lose attained challenges, be unable to start a level and play, and even be unable to go offline and play without all those unnecessary bells and whistles meant to crudely disguise the fact that this is, in its nature, just a terribly draconic DRM.I bought Hitman in a sale, and I already regret supporting company that thought that this was a good idea and that it was acceptable to inflict this turd of an online solution on its customers. Never more. Thanks, Hitman franchise, we had a good run, but it just won't work out between us anymore. It's not me, it's you."
,Recommended,236870,30008510,Posted: 18 February,all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,"A fantastic game weighed down only by the cancerous DRM attached to it.If you have a stable internet connection it isn't a big issue, just a massive annoyance and black stain on an otherwise excellent experience. Definitely worth a pick up.If you don't have a stable internet connection, you're not going to enjoy this. The DRM and always online nonsense really kills it for people with a bad connection.You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,236870,21791060,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rldr,"Episodic model is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, always online is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, dont buy this"
76561197960563969,Not Recommended,236870,22976652,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Revenant,Very disappointed.  This is my favorite game series.  I liked Absolution more than this one.  I made the mistake of assuming this was going to be an awesome game and bought the full experience.  One level every couple of months?  Turns out to be a terrible idea SQUARE ENIX!  This game just feels terrible.  SO SAD!!!
,Recommended,236870,31716009,Posted: 12 May,all,ash,10/10 game
76561197973146137,Not Recommended,236870,22213281,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jim008,"It's a good game if you're looking for a hitman experience.  However, it's super short, I mean 2 hours and you pretty much used up your $15's worth.The AI - I wish there was a neutral rating because the AI is definitely buggy and a step back from the previous installments.  People who notice you will lock on to you no matter what (through walls and stuff) but the easiest way to avoid that is to just run which in previous games would have raised even more suspicion if you ran the moment they looked at you.Controls - it sucks so much for pc because it obviously was designed as a console first and pc second.  I quickly got used to them after a few changes but it just shows how much quality they sacrificed just to get us to shell out some money for an incomplete game.Missions - it's really just 1 mission for 15 bucks, the 2 tutorial missions isn't that fun since they're both super easy with disguises/methods literally just laid out for you.  The mission provided has a ton of people around, so it's fun for the silent killers with so many eyes and it's fun when you just want to go psycho.The good - there are a ton of new ways to kill someone and they definitely spent a lot of time to come up with all these various methods of kills.  They also removed all those scripted events from Absolution and it's more sandbox now.  I have no idea why game developers back then all thought we liked super linear games like Max Payne 3 (which kind of killed that franchise for me).  I'm glad they went back to the original sandbox gameplay, it was like when JC Penny decided to never have ""sales"" anymore and the company declared bankrupcy shortly afterwards since the CEO obviously didn't know crap about the business.Performance - really poorly optimized, I have SLI gtx 980's and it runs noticibly like crap with everything turned up.  I know that the game is designed for ATI graphic cards but 2 top of the line NVIDIA's should handle this game with everything on max.  I ran the game on a 4k monitor and had to use medium settings to play properly.Overall - this game is definitely rushed.  I wasn't so anxious for a hitman game that I couldn't wait for a full release vs. a 1 level beta.  Bad AI, people/things falling through floors, obviously the business execs were desperate for some cash and didn't care about quality of the game at all.  I mean, I probably would still buy the next episode since being a hitman is fun but it's getting real close for me to just give up on this franchise completely.TLDR - Unfortunately, great games like Dragon Age, Hitman, Mass Effect are all falling into the hands of executives looking to get rich quick and they don't care how badly they kill the Franchise.  At least they didn't just copy and paste levels like Dragon Age 2.  I hope that nobody is going to mess up Dishonored 2, hitman 6 is probably going to be fun next year when it's out of beta but I probably would have moved on by then."
,Not Recommended,236870,28896535,Posted: 1 January,all,Bl1ts,It is really frustrating the fact that this game can't be played offline & that too an offline game like Hitman :(
,Recommended,236870,22278044,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,comeine,My Steam wallet has more money than blood in this game.
,Not Recommended,236870,21772284,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gribias,Lag simulator
76561198011249633,Recommended,236870,23572563,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Gregor Mendel,"Great Gameplay. Great Story. Great Graphics.However, there are major stability issues and version 1.2.2 of the game crashes frequently."
,Recommended,236870,22185752,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jacob,I am kind of clueless of what my review is going to be. The game itself even though it is only a few small levels and one big one is pretty good. My problem is the terrible framerate. I can't get anything over 20 FPS and I have I I7 core and a Nvidia 980 ti! That is insanely bad optimixation! If steam had a middle thumb that would be perfect but for now to be nice I will hit thumbs up because I TRUST THAT SQUARE ENIX WILL FIX IT! DO NOT LET ME DOWN!!!!!!!
76561198044658953,Recommended,236870,22302280,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,wipletz,is a very good game
76561198031325290,Recommended,236870,22395924,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,YellowCake,"Sifting through the reviews you will find that many negative reviews are due to the always online DRM or episodic format.While I don't favor either one of these, I can see from a developer's standpoint why they are implemented: no pirating and the ability to charge full price for a game during a time period where other games would have dropped in price.Sure the business model may ""suck"" from a gamer perspective but should not alone be responsible for the verdict on the game.The game itself (one episode released) is in my honest opinion really fun. I have played Hitman games since the beginning and ""Blood money"" is by far my favorite. This title brings back the sandbox elements of ""Blood money"" but with updated graphics and gameplay.I had no problem running Hitman on Ultra (GTX 970), but decreased the settings a tad to ensure that it ran smoothly, which it really does! (Unless you are disconnected from the servers and have to restart from the lobby).The visuals are not ""spectacular"" but still really good.There's high replayability of the missions. I've played 18 hours on two tutorial levels and the one mission level when writing this and am now eagerly awaiting the next episode.To be honest, the episodic format kind of forces you to replay the same missions. However, this is in my opinion quite nice as I don't feel stressed to just quickly complete a mission. There's actually time to really enjoy and master each level this way.Also, it feels very good to know that there are plenty of missions to come as the game is already really fun. For me the release of every episode will have a hype factor to it.The AI is not the best, but I don't expect that from Hitman games. It is true that you cannot change difficulty settings and this might seem like a bummer, but from what I've played so far I feel it is balanced. It still requires skill to do a ""Silent assassin + Suit only"" run perfectly.Default key bindings are a mess, but they are customizable so that's fine.Verdict:I understand if you want to dismiss this game due to the questionable business model, but if you like Hitman games please don't. If you are not keen on waiting for episodes, wait until full release.This game is really fun and does not deserve the mixed review stats. If you doubt it, buy the intro pack and judge it yourself. I'm glad that I bought the full experience and within a couple of episodes I'm sure I will feel like the price was justified."
76561198196172426,Not Recommended,236870,21775625,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,johnnyoneal,I am alittle disappointed in the discription of what came with the product represented itself as the preorder stated when game was released thestarter pack would get enhancements along with the first episodes mission turns out when you get the starter you have to purchase the firstepisoders along with the contract mode and others that wasnt mentioned in the discription simpl;y you pay twice for the same productthinking IO should just stop buying into steam's and other games co hype and just play the ones I have like I did before I got excited with Hitman's over dramatic pitch of its new game
76561198008970697,Not Recommended,236870,21773853,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TheHand,The fact that I payed $59 for a game that will periodically be released is pretty lame.   Controls could be a lot more intuitive as well.
,Not Recommended,236870,21773958,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,!(gerMAN ^wolf)!,"FOR NOW DO NOT GET THIS GAME,  the settings is a joke, the beta had less bugs then the release, i ran witcher3 on ultra settings with  smooth 45-55 fps, here im  in 12 fps GG, the bugs are endless, from not being able to drag bodies, to not being able to do simple actions, stay away from this game till they patch it, im a hitman fanboy but damn no way to deny the bugs and the long waited slide show__________________________________________________________________________________Epic game , every one knows this you would have to live on the Moon not to know this . But like many other reviews on steam the company practice is also a part of the game experiance. And people are quite happy to down vote games because of there buisness practice and this is no different . Like for instance 1 main mission to play until they release the next episode which i persume is going to be also 1 big mission with 2 small ones, the only way to avoid the waiting is by doing the challenges, but still shame i need to run game in 720p to have a smooth fps"
,Not Recommended,236870,21773708,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Srat,"Paid $59.99 and all I got was 2 lousy tutorials and the first mission showing up as locked and ""need to purchase"". Screw this scam ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,236870,24398280,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Helter Skelter,People who bought this game by single episodes are getting the middle finger by IOI by not letting them know beforehand what they'd be missing if they didn't buy the full experience or the upgrade.
76561198039647558,Recommended,236870,23939377,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GuessKEY,"This game is amazing,The attention to detail, and the world feels so alive.I feel like everyone should forget absolution was a thing and just invest in this, and I didn't know how much I disliked ABSOLUTION until I played this. Honestly didn't have much hope in this game, but it just keeps impressing me.The only thing I don't like is the hints. In fact they are not even hints, it's a god damned play by play walk through. Totally ruins the game by giving you a step by step route to silent assasin in every possible way. Its actually ridiculous. Make sure you turn that off before you start or else the game will be over way too quick."
,Recommended,236870,23559393,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,sammyben,Best Hitman ever. Finially a game that can take that title from Blood Money
,Recommended,236870,22331368,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Phyxice,"Amazing game filled with negtive reviews of people that can't read a store page.If you liked Blood Money, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,236870,21802084,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,kocky,"TLD:R the game is awesome.If you are the typical ADHD child who was born after 1995 this game isnt for you.The reason is that it takes patience and planning to make the best out of the game. It demands thinking and intelligence rather than mindless button bashing and shooting like crazy ( I.E ""The Division"" fans).Hardcore fans who grew with this series ( ""Codename 47 "" "" Hitman contracts"" and ""Blood money"") will love this game. it gives that same thrill of finding new ways to take out your target with finnese. You will get frustrated by this game if you expect to be succefull all the time. you will fail- a lot. but this is what i love about the game, it demands adaptation and skill rather than blind grind.ive played 10 hours of one map, and i still feel like i want to come back to it. that makes me very excited for the future of this series. they made a good choice by going back and adressing the hardcore fanbase rather than going with the Absolution formula.If you played blood money and liked it- you will like this. i had no problems playing on a 970 GTX and I5 proccessor."
,Not Recommended,236870,24187919,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mother,"I want to like this game so much, I really do, but it's just a constant disappointment. The game play is seriously lacking in terms of realism. The AI is pretty pathetic as far as modern games go and at times insanely frustrating. The control scheme is pretty poor -- inconstencies like (x) to pacify except if you have the pistol equiped makes for easy mission failures. Mission planning could be one of the best parts of the game, but instead it's just limiting and completely unrealistic -- why do I have to find a screwdriver within the level? 47 can't afford the $4.99 at the hardware store? Overall the available gear sucks. No breifcase sniper riffle -- lame. Probably the worst part of this game is that it's basically like every other Hitman game, but better graphics -- there's been almost zero innovations brought to this game. Compare it to something like Metal Gear Solid V and this game is just pathetic. Again, I really want to like this game, but it just sucks."
,Recommended,236870,22325961,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Karupt,1 level and i already like it better than Absolution.
76561198179381499,Recommended,236870,22330336,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RedRock3t82,"The good...A.  Well put together and more blood money style than anyother hitman (I have really disliked all other takes on this game other than blood money and this one).B.  Visually pleasing.  I run this on max settings and its nice.  Not sure why there is an in game benchmarking tool for this as it really isnt that impressive, but still very nice.C.  Depending on your mark this can be very challenging depending on your mission requirments or personal goals.  This would not be a good game without challenge and once you start playing around a little there are some pretty cool/funny kills like drowning a mark in the toilet (super duper swirley) or killing one target with the falling body of another target.D.  My favorite feature, the community created hits.  I did little to no reserch on this game and only watched a bit of gameplay before buying as I had pretty much written this series of games off years ago.  But really this hitman sandbox thing they have going is pretty cool.  It keeps the game fresh and fully allows you to approach a target to the best of your abilities making this a more open experience in comparison the the story.The bad...A.  One of the most counter intuitive key command systems I've played in a long while.  Im not sure why the devs couldn't figure out how to make one key do multiple things such as hold shift to run and also hold shift to slide down a ladder faster.  In this game shift is run and holding S and X is slide down.  Its wierd, thats not the only thing, but its an example.B.  The way the game is layed out for payment.  Its has kind of a rip off feel to it.  Look it up but in short you pay an initial price for ""the game"" and then more money for ""levels""...and it really was released with only one level as in my opinion the tutorial does not count.C.  The sniper, assault rifle, smg, and shotgun all look incredibly stupid.  Larger than they should be and... purple.  I mean really purple!  I wanted to be a cold blooded hitman and you gave me PURPLE GUNS !?!?!?!?!?!  I dont want to get my account in a bind but read into that.  That really is upsetting and I wonder who in that dev team made that call or maybe it was the janitor that snuck into the game files late one night and set the color to purple and increased the size by +50%.The inbetween...A.  The one level launch.  This in my opinion is mostly bad but the positive part of it is since there is only one ""sandbox"" area, the percieved lack of content issue subsides when you realize how much there is to do in that one place.  The menus are a little funky on the home screen but throw 10 minutes at looking at everything and then do some of that stuff.  Once you realize how much there is going on the saltyness of what you thought you purchased goes away as you realize what content is actually there.B.  Unlocks.  The weapons are NOT very unrewarding to unlock.  You feel no more powerfull than you did before unlocking them.  They missed the mark for sure there, but the unlocks for inserting into different areas with disguises already on was suprisingly good...not like a bad♥♥♥♥♥weapon...but still good.Again I wish steam had a rating that was middle of the road but I will give this one a thumbs up but really do your reserch.  Look at gameplay, check out the pay structure, find out what all the content I mention above is.  This is a slower game which is what makes is a quazi believable playthrough.  If your game library is full of COD games or CS go, you will probably hate this game.  Again do your reserch so you dont put money to something that you utimatley may not like for a variety of reasons."
76561197986714912,Not Recommended,236870,26736377,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,zakedodead,The gameplay is fun so far but I keep getting kicked out because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ always online DRM.
,Recommended,236870,22366404,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kerouak,"Good return to form for the series. Not a huge fan of the installments plan, but if the rest are as good as Paris then should be a great game at the end."
76561198029721667,Recommended,236870,22382122,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mr.mike.myers,Best Hitman experience since Blood Money.
,Recommended,236870,22549631,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,-ℒℛ- Destinyhandz,can some one please help me when i have tryid to updat hitman this is the only thing pops up and its say this------>An error occurred while hitman(tm) (disk read error)
,Not Recommended,236870,24874141,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kisuli,"Also bought the game piece by piece, and I can't play the bonus content, or even buy it. I can only buy the full game at full price, but I'm not going to do that."
76561198193655428,Not Recommended,236870,22138300,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lemmewinplz,Extremely short game with a few bugs. So glad that I only purchased the trial version.
,Recommended,236870,22512070,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Iv,"in general, it's nice. missions can become very short once you have a plan, luckily there is always a lot of options, so there is some replay value. also, finally i have a chance to pose as a supermodel, this kinda makes it the best game i ever played. 47 posing as a supermodel, thank you, game creators, i owe you one."
,Recommended,236870,32630807,Posted: 21 June,all,"Chosen ""SCiM"" 41",As a long time Hitman fan I have to say that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing perfection
76561198075028603,Not Recommended,236870,26736303,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Desmonds22,Always-online requirement makes it unplayable. Another case of always-on-DRM ruining a good game. My Internet connection is spotty so I get logged out every few minutes - making it completely unplayable. Good thing I didn't buy all the levels in one go
,Recommended,236870,26498858,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HamidM3,I wanted play All  6 Episode and then say my opinion about this game .as an old hitman fan i should say Hitman 2016 is biger and much  better than Hitman Absolution .Positive :1 ) Gameplay' Great and Smooth ( like always )2) use Stealth Elements  ( more than before ! )3) Level Design'   Best lvl design Episode : Sapienza Italy  / Terrible : Marrakesh4) some Elusive Targets are funNegative :Story : Nothing Specially !!Sound and music : Could be betterFull of bugs / random crash ( Specially in Dx12 and Marrakesh episode )Require An Internet Connection ( Always ! )Last word : if u r looking for Stealth games or interested this genre Hitman 2016 is one of best and definitely you must try that . No doubt !!
76561197976135924,Recommended,236870,23390593,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aeronautico,"Many complain about its episodic nature but it actually is one of its strenghts. I find this game sublime and the best synthesis of the Htman franchise, a little like what Blacklist is to Splinter Cell."
,Recommended,236870,25555035,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Storm Funsoms,"i'd recommend it to those who likes hitman absolution the best. also, the key mapper for the pc version should get ♥♥♥♥ing fired. its a thing to get used to, but there is possible to make E do more than just open doors and dump bodies. X for agile move- what?!also, the episodic idea? pretty dumb. by the time the next episode comes out, i've lost intrest/touch with the game and havent played it for a while."
,Not Recommended,236870,23116795,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wartom,"The gameplay and graphics in this game is great. Its absolutely a worthy successor to Blood Money in that regard. It plays like Blood Money, except smoother and have great new additions, like the piano string dragging your kill along.HOWEVER:- The game is always online. This is mostly a mild annoyance and at least you can reconnect since a patch.- Several annoying bugs. Guards have a tendency to die when you knock them out in a corridor. Guards often spot you when they're not even on the same floor. A guard even died during a cutscene, ruining my perfect score.- ELUSIVE TARGETS. What the heck is this? Seems like a good idea at first, but for some reason there is a CERTAIN DATE to actually do the mission. I'd be fine if you only had one shot, thats ok, but a time limit where you have to do the mission? I missed the last elusive target because I had to work for the weekend in a place with no access to the game, so I had no way to do the mission during that time. This meant that I missed the elusive target. Now I see the next elusive target will reappear exactly the next weekend when I am again working. Meaning I will once again miss the target for no fault of my own. This feature alone makes it so I can never, ever recommend this game for anyone unless they somehow reveal that elusive targets will reappear at some point. But until then, stay clear of this mess of bad features. If you're a completionist, I'd say that this game is NOT for you AT ALL."
,Recommended,236870,22793459,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Ghostface,"It seems the majority of people are rating this game so poorly based on the fact that it is episodic. I am giving this rating based purely on the game, not the release schedule. The Paris mission is great, it is beautiful, huge with superb level design, the best disguise system in the series and it feels great to play.Hitman Episode 2: Sapienza showcases all of what Hitman can be. It makes the first episode feel stationary in comparison as its open map and brilliant level design offer up a lot more opportunities and ways to execute them.For the third episode,unlike Paris (Episode 1) and Sapienza, however,Marrakesh got the best crowd in the game right now, like the China map from the Hitman Absolution, you can escape by using that crowd.And I hope they keep up this quality for the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,236870,23317089,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Antraxo,Have to say I really enjoy this game even though it's episodic. Every episode feels nice to play and always brings me back to the game it's also nice having a variety to do these episodes and create your own (contracts). Game runs still fine on my 770 4gb card between 30-60 fps mostly depends on streaming though. It's a fun game and is much better than Absolution almost feels like an older Hitman title but it's refreshing! Just give it a try.
,Not Recommended,236870,21778331,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Praeda,"tl;dr: Do NOT buy this game in its current state and do NOT support these ridiculous Online-Only, Broken-On-Release, ""Don't worry, Day 1 Patch wil fix it""  business practices.Specs:i7 4970K @ 4.5GH/zx2 GTX 780 SLI32GB RAMHave to say I was very excited for this game, and I mean very, having grown up playing Contracts and Blood Money for countless hours on end. And do you know how I was able to do that? The original Publisher and developers didn't force me to be online to play a game that I intended to play Offline, to immerse myself in the world of Hitman and make up my own stories as I carried out my duties as an assassin.As soon as you load up the game, the first thing you're greeted to is your options menu for the graphics. You'll note that Texture quality HIGH is greyed out, as is 2K Resolution, my native for all of my monitors.Loading the game up, you're next given a screen advising that ""Hitman is designed for Online play, and your save games are not interchangeable between Offline and Online modes"". As an Australian that lives out in the bush, where Internet is not always the most stable, this becomes a problem as we're then unable ""to play the game it was designed to be"" which ultimately detracts from the overall experience. Additionally, should I then desire to play the game Online and get the ""full experience"", I'd lose all my progress Offline and have to start over.As of writing this, I've still been unable to play ONLINE as my connection to the Hitman servers has failed over and over, yet here I sit browsing the internet and writing this review for you. Thus, I launched the game Offline. Graphically, the game looks beautiful, and you can really appreciate the amnount of work the developers put into immersing the player into the world, however the game runs like absolute dogshit. There's been no optimization whatsoever for PC (as should now be expected for most, if not all, AAA titles) and I find myself struggling to hit over 50FPS with at least ONE of my graphics cards. With both my cards in their original and intended SLI configuration, you'll receive jaggies, screen tearing, and no improvement whatsoever to your FPS.Do not buy this game, wait until the devs fix the game and release it ""how it was intended to be played"": in a working state.Thank god for Steam Refunds."
76561198032614730,Recommended,236870,22493075,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,El Conquistador de Amor,"This game is getting much more flak than it deserves. Sure, the DRM isn't pleasant and the performance leaves some to be desired, but it's easily the best Hitman since Blood Money. It's a true return to roots and I for one couldn't be happier. I think the episodic release model will help keep people invested in the game longer."
,Recommended,236870,26451391,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Roland of Gilead,"It took a while for the maps to come out but once all 6 were released it was fairy easy to recommend this game.The folks at IO have gotten the Hitman formula down perfect for this installment and while there aren't many maps, the maps are large, varied and a LOT of different ways to kill your targets. The general improvements to gameplay and the UI over the course of the season has been very evident.Contracts and Escalations will give you more playtime aside from the six main missions if you're into that.Only downside is the fact that it's episodic, but I can understand the need given that IO had no money. If it was between episodic and no Hitman game at all I know which I would choose.Another possible downside is the fact that it has some always online parts to it. I am always online all the time so it doesn't impact me though, so whether it's a con or not depends on how solid your internet connection is.Anyway, onwards to seasons 2 and 3!"
,Recommended,236870,28473946,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nickervision,"Hitman in 2016. I never expected this to be so freakin good. I did not purchase this until it was available as a complete package. I had watched a lot of content with it on Giant Bomb and after watching those guys play it, I really wanted to give it a go.I love the goofiness and throwback feel to the orginal Hitman game I played and loved. It's not too self serious and allows all sorts of outrageous interactions. It controls well, is open ended and has tons of different missions to play. The maps are all incredibly well designed and detailed. Paris and Sapienza are two hilights that blew me away.The other great feature is the elusive target, I have only had the oppertunity to try three so far and success on only one, but man are they cool. A great way to revisit maps and try and track down a new target.(oh also, when I was playing last night, I killed santa by smashing his head with a cannonball and escaped the map up a chimney)Awesome game, congrats to the devs on a job well done. Looking forward to season two :)"
76561198049553818,Not Recommended,236870,22228446,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,M0RRIS12,"if you're looking to buy this game, i'd wait until all the levels are released. it only took about 10 hours of gameplay to fully beat the first level, and then you have to wait another month and a half between level release dates. just seems silly to pay $70 for a game that is boring after 10 hours."
76561198208843325,Recommended,236870,22522408,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jacob,"Very good game, I'm really suprised about so many negative opinions. No crashes, no problems with dropping fps, never ever been disconnected - DRM. Good graphics, nice story line and many ways to kill your targets :)"
76561198139606369,Not Recommended,236870,21790575,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Keith Evans,Errrm.......Can I get a refund ?
,Recommended,236870,30969723,Posted: 5 April,all,talon |,"I've been playing this since release and I'm ashamed I haven't reviewed it earlier. Typically, a Hitman game is developed for its fans, not the money they might have. This one in particular was released episodically but can now be purchased as a full experience. So let's dive in to what that experience might entail. We're talking about six fully functional and intricate levels designed to test the patience and skill of any gamer, while allowing the freedom of choice to give the player accessibility to options most games just don't have in order to finish your objectives. While you might not be able to become a ""snake in the grass"" a la MGS, you play the role of a wandering (and often curious) James Bond-style agent who blends in instead. (You can fully stealth any mission, however.)From hiding in the shadows, climbing vantage points to make precise shots, or blatantly acquiring a disguise to approach a target for CQC, this game gives you the tools to handle any situation as you would deem best. The game also comes with Bonus missions that takes the original levels and makes them brand new with new content and targets to kill, along with an array of challenges that will keep you busy for dozens of hours more. The developers are constantly pumping out new content every month with new challenges, elusive targets (more on this below) and escalations, basically mini challenges that usually have five escalating levels of difficulty with unique objectives. Just recently a professional difficulty was released giving you even more game to play which increases AI intelligence and creates a much more difficult atmosphere for you to complete your objectives.Let's talk about the ETs or Elusive Targets. Players are usually hit or miss with these as they come and go, quite literally. Once or twice a month the developers decide to release a unique experience with full dialogue on random levels with a contract. These targets usually hang around for up to a week (?) but when they're gone, they're gone forever. Once you miss an ET you will never get the opportunity to play the mission again. That being said, you're not missing out on anything spectacular other than some cosmetic rewards, and also the experience itself which is usually super fun and challenging.All in all, Hitman offers you a plethora of things to do, with tons of gadgets, weapons and costumes to acquire as rewards for being a badass. And if you think you can complete every single challenge and anything that I missed in this review, you can also create custom contracts giving you virtually infinite replayability simply because someone (somewhere) is going to always be creating new hits and methods to complete them.Relax and kill some folks, or just blend in at a bar and enjoy yourself a martini. Either way I think any Hitman fan will enjoy this and anyone who is a fan of the stealth genre in general.*Note: This game requires you to be connected to the internet to save and progress the unlockables."
,Recommended,236870,29970319,Posted: 16 February,all,Serious Pony,"I bought Hitman in March 2016 and at the moment it had only Prologue and Episode 1. The time flew, episodes came out and the game bloomed and prospered. Over a course of the year it turned from the ugly but fun duckling (Quack!) into the beautiful swan that stole hundreds of hours of my time and gave a lot of fun in return.In less than a year Hitman 2016 became my most-played singleplayer game ever overcoming even Far Cry 3 which stole 270 hours of my time over the course of 3 years.How exactly Hitman mesmerized me? Oh, pretty simply, developers gave me unique giant sandbox levels with myriads of opportunities (and I'm not talking about the scripted ones) to complete the mission and a neverending stream of content which gets added every week - Elusive Targets, Escalations, Featured Contracts, Community Contracts, Challenge packs etc.But the best thing about Hitman is that it is not obtrusive or overly consuming like some singleplayer games which require you to follow the plot closely. Hitman just stays there in your library always ready to give you some more creative assassination or exploration related fun. If it gets boring and repetitive you can just set it aside and switch to the other games and when you will be ready for more assassination you'll come back to see a lot of new content waiting for you.All Hitman 2016 lacks to reach the status of the all-time classic (and I'm not talking only about the stealth genre) is a bit of polishing - there are still few annoying gameplay bugs like enemies suddenly seeing your crimes through the walls and unreliable melee hitboxes which can make you punch the target in the face instead of silently strangling them. Yet, the always alert community (shoutout to the wonderful people from /r/Hitman) won't let the wonderful IO Interactive just forget about these.To be honest, I can talk about Hitman for hours, so I'll cut the review short with a score:IMO, 90/100 is the most deserved score for Hitman 2016. If the most persistent bugs will be fixed by the time Season 2 gets released, I'll change the score to 100/100. This game truly deserves it."
,Recommended,236870,22356897,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,astr010,I have played this game extensively beaten the main mission and all the escelations.  I run an i5 and GTX 680 none are overclocked and I have NO issues with lag or GFX.  The game is a blast to play and this online DRM stuff just what ever IMO.
76561198116841307,Recommended,236870,22381857,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CHRIS,"Dont like the episodic format and the always online♥♥♥♥♥♥ (updating the firmware on my router extender seemed to fix the drop outs for me) but underneath it all is the Hitman game we all wanted. I played the series on PS2 and loved them all, and this latest version is up there with them , as well as being a great step up from Absolution. More levels please!"
,Recommended,236870,22447047,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Charismatic Stranger,"Despite what other have said the game runs perfectly fine. And i play in aus, being online all the time hasn't effected me in anyway. Best hitman of the series so far. Only thing i don't like is that it's being released in episodes..."
,Recommended,236870,22494286,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,MDubz,Great game
76561198297180925,Recommended,236870,22637640,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,theonewhoknocks,"I pretty much know this game inside out. I've speedran it, played it casually, explored every little corner and this was one of the best games I've ever bought.Want to know what the game is like?I won't waste your time with a few hundred words describing the gameplay, etc - instead, I'll do better and link to a youtuber that also happens to be a very good showcaser of the game.Take your time, pay attention. Explore the maps, the mechanics, etc. Videos will do more for you than walls of text describing them.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjRn9IUTqS1DfFvn-x3oO5LlpBuIOmScxSome thoughts on core mechanicsThe influence of Absolution, the departure from older titles and overall push towards making HITMAN more of your ordinary stealth game has been evident from day 1. As a result, there have been quite a few clashes between long time players and fans of the series and the developers - either directly or indirectly. Many accused the developing team of having done a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job and trying to make HITMAN the best of both worlds while being terrible at both.Some accused the developers of dumbing down the game in order to attract more players - dumbing down which would be balanced by introducing a series of utterly meaningless, stealth based obstacles which had no place in a Hitman game.Examples:- When the game was released, there was an accident mechanic; however, you had to hide the bodies of those killed in the accidents in order to achieve the ranking of Silent Assassin.Not only does this not make any sense at all from a realistic POV ( as it would immediately indicate foul play, instead of making it seem as though fate had done the heavy lifting), it also defeated the whole purpose of having an accident mechanic in the first place.- Being caught on camera would deduce points from your score and would strip you of your Silent Assassin ranking - even when you had deleted the footage. This was preposterous, as in many places there was no npc even behind a cctv monitor - and even if there was, there was still no reaction from the AI if any camera had caught you committing a crime.- In order to achieve Silent Assassin, you can't be seen by the killed target - even if no one else is aware of what transpired. This was carried over from Absolution and, to this day, remains, to many, a ridiculous limitation which often breaks immersion.These are a few examples of meaningless obstacles that, to many, have no place in a Hitman game. The first 2 have been since corrected, after much outcry. But what it shows is that, while the developers reversed course, they compromised - meaning that the mentality is still the same, albeit for some special cases.On the other hand, we've lost notable mechanics such as Human Shielding and Dual Wielding.Human shielding was present in the Alpha but was scrapped due to problems with clippings/physics overall. Game was rushed (more on that in the end of the review).Some thoughts on progression and unlocksThe usual progression system has been completely overhauled - in no small part to fit in with this new episodic format. The levels are available to play as soon as you download them, while in previous games each level became available after the preceding level had been completed.One way to balance this is to introduce a completely new unlock system whereby you earn mastery points for completing challenges in each map - the goal being reaching mastery level 20 in each map. As you progress through each mastery level, you unlock items (which you'll be able to use in all maps) and both new starting locations and agency pickup spots (where you can send items that cannot fit the loadout).But, again, in the altar of ""balance"" and replayability (because this is all about justifying to the max nº of people the 60 quid price tag for a 6 map game), we've lost the ability to keep any items that we've completed the levels with. So the developers were kind enough to present us with the blandest, most distasteful blue guns you could think of (though it does get a little better, later on).You get about 5 items to be unlocked in each level and, as a result, you also end up with less items.You won't get a briefcase in which to conceal your rifles, either; instead, you'll have to pick them up from one of the unlocked agency drop offs in each map.There is much to be said about the unlock system and this was one of the topics I took the most issue with. In any case, I'll spare you the rant.Episodic format, content, stabilityAs I write this review, the game has 2 small training levels, 6 main missions and 2 bonus missions out (one more announced to Jan. 2017). The training levels each have their own small map and the bonus missions are reused maps from the main missions (smaller and at night).The maps are very big and they're all very densely populated (some more than others). The quality of each map varies from parameter to parameter and you REALLY should watch some gameplay to know what I mean.Let's be honest: all the escalations, featured contracts (ie, user made contracts that IO highlights and presents as ""new content"") and elusive targets are all stuff made to make you play this game as much as you'd play a game with 20 sandboxes. They re-arrange assets, edit minor parts of levels and call it a day. It can be fun, sure - especially when you consider that the maps are left vastly underused in the main missions and were designed to be played as much (if not more) in other modes aside from the main missions. But there's no escaping the fact that they're trying to give an ilusion of more content than they're actually providing. Escalations involve npcs already present in the maps and usually one or two trivial extra things (trip wires, a camera here and there, etc); ""featured contracts"" presented as ""new content"", however, is just insulting.The main problem, however, has been reliability.I've lost count of the number of changes this game has been through.The developers keep changing *core mechanics* even 8 months after release - ie, after players have bought the product for what it was at the time and have adapted and molded their own playstyle. We knew there would be tweaks here and there - but none of us expected core mechanics to change many months after release.Some of these changes were completely uncalled for and have made many players completely miserable - the most notable being them changing npc viewcones by tying them to the headturning animations and making it random, all the while not fixing their FOV and, thus, introducing dramatic changes in some levels. In some cases, entire runs were ruined.All hard work for nothing.They've ""fixed"" things which THEY themselves promoted, which were not harming anyone and only hampered the fun many players were having (jaeger lancer, flying fire extinguishers, etc).Not to mention game breaking patches (literally), as well as the inability to provide crucial patches in time. They have mentioned that while PC patches could be shipped earlier, console patches go need to go through evaluation processes by either PSN or Xbox-whatever; as a result, we end up being miserable for longer than we should have been, all for the sake of ""fairness"". Lol.What I've learned from this experience through season 1 is that there is absolutely no guarantee that the product you've bought will be the same you'll end up with. And that, to me, is the real deal breaker. They even refuse to say, sometimes, why they changed things.So much for trust...So while I praise this game and recommend it, I will not be embarking on the journey of season 2 until it is FULLY out.Won't be paying 60 bucks to be a beta tester again."
76561198219406052,Recommended,236870,22462804,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Casual Gamerz,"I refund this game because of not connected to Hitman servers but when patch 1.03 comes , i purchase this game again and iam very very happy because patch 1.03 resolve the connectivity problem to hitman servers and iam now playing hitman without any single disconnectivity problem and in future i wish ""Io-Interactive"" make this game more better and include more contents in this game ."
,Not Recommended,236870,21785607,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dr_Garlics,"Today is my birthday, that's why I bought this game which I thought it was maybe special.But an error occured while I playing.Screw you and what this♥♥♥♥♥♥Crashed many times. Unhappy.Overall: 5/10"
76561198017001834,Not Recommended,236870,24362905,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,supertwiggy,Stay away if your on a PC. Doesn't port at all well. Looks great visually playing it is another story. Rebinding keys is a joke will not let you rebind keys if they are bound to something else. (really dumb should just clear the binding) Camera constantly turned even when mouse was at rest. None of the binded keys would actually work (could even drag the one body I managed to knock out.) Basically unplayable.
,Recommended,236870,30037658,Posted: 19 February,all,Guitarex,"Idk why this game has so many bad reviews. After Hitman Absolution (which wasnt that bad, but it wasnt a hitman game, story good, gameplay meh), but this Hitman is awesome. Its more like (which is the best Hitman game in my opinion) Hitman Blood Money.There is a Map and some Targets on the map, the way how u kill those targets is ""free"" there are some limitations so u cant do anything, but there are a lot of options (and some funny ones) to kill ur Targets. THe way u move on the map is also free, so u can go whereever u want, explore the map ..There are 6 diffrent Maps, with a lot of diffrent challanges, with diffrent targets and diffrent difficulties. And there are a lot of community made missions u can do too ur create ur own ones.A lot of people haveing connection problems, i cant say much about it its fine for me.Performence 8/10 --> Gtx 1080 - 3840 x2160 DX12 with 40-70fps on Ultra Settings.Story? well u dont play Hitman for the Story thats all i can say.Gameplay 8/10Graphic 9/10FINALY a good Hitman Game again!I recommend the game when its on sale, buy all episodes and ur a fine."
76561198191714975,Not Recommended,236870,31808265,Posted: 17 May,all,hammons556,Hitman games just keep getting more watered down and loosing content.- No more sniper rifle briefcase- No first person- No more human shields- No more weapon customization- Can’t bring back weapons from missions like in Blood Money- NPC banter is very annoying and repetitive- Episode based- Online requiredThis list could just keep going honestly…
76561198013102630,Recommended,236870,29445439,Posted: 23 January,all,lemon,"A worthy successor to Blood Money, HITMAN combines the sandbox of previous games with Absolution's mechanics.PROS:- Agent 47 is as deadly as always- The game is constantly supported, bringing new contracts, updates, escalations or Elusive Targets each week- Replay value, as there are plenty of ways to eliminate targets and tools that can help you with it- Large, beautifully crafted, unique locationsCONS:- Stupid AI- Random glitches- Clones in every location- A really small number of voice actors, no matter where the missions will take you, NPC will always sound, and look the same- I should also mention that the game requires constant internet connection, but to be honest I haven't had a problem with it, as now you can use starting points and gadgets while being offlineCurrently, I have over 250 hours clocked in the game, and I can't wait for Season 2, hoping that it will add new mechanics, reduce the clone numbers, and have some new voice actors because Im tired of hearing the same 2 guys over and over and over again."
76561197970241502,Recommended,236870,22311613,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Tiddalick,I have played all the Hitman games and this one is easily my favourite.The game is a logical extension of the game design used in Blood Money and avoids the problems of Absolution. Whether or not the story is as clever as Blood Money remains to be seen.I have clocked more than 25 hours on the Paris level alone and continue to find enjoyment in completing all the feats and challenges. I only hope that the remainging levels are as carefully crafted.The only real negative part is the always online requirement.
76561198079568396,Recommended,236870,22613058,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Clyde the nibba hunter,good game
76561198138920949,Recommended,236870,23577935,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Brouwerder,"As a long term Hitman fan, having play all of the franchise from day 1and considdering myself a fan of the original 3I absolutely love the new hitman.The levels are more complex then the best levels from the first three hitman gamesor equal at the very least, better level design, more ways to killAwesome throwing mechanic.When you disable all default hud / eagle eye like vision, it will be more like the old hitmanwithout to much assits. no viewing who is hunting you or where everyone is running through      walls..Only real downside that agrevates me is the lack of weapons (you do build up more options with mastery)but the npcs all over the world all carry the same 3 guns everywhere..Rreally immersive breaking. Missing that lair with all you collected guns and the tinker shop to play with themBest upside: Elusive targets, spice up that loose it all gameplay (sorta) its good stuffAll in all a 8/10"
76561197971115584,Not Recommended,236870,24447981,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Andros,"I don't understand what is going on with this game... it's so strange.The GAME itself is great. THE WAY THE CONTENT IS DELIVERED is absolutely idiotic.There are just so many things wrong with the way the content is provided and how the game works (with always online that creates many issues for many people). The person who is overseeing the development of this game is catastrophically idiotic and a massive failure,If you wanna buy this game get it on sale in late 2017 when it will be fully released."
,Recommended,236870,22390645,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,La Treta,"Speaking like someone that previously played a Hitman's game, you need to play, the graphics are awesome, there are some things that i think this game could have and i miss from Blood Money.There are some fps drops at least that's the only thing i experienced so far when u talk about bugs.i don't enjoy waiting 1 month for play a mission like a maniac until Silent Assassin, Suit Only or All Challenges.but whatever, i would say wait for the content is fully released, but if u played a Hitman game, u won't :)"
,Recommended,236870,22321243,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hatters,"Agent 47 is back with his black suit and barcode. This is the real Hitman experience we've all been waiting for. remember blood money? This is the real sequel for it. What we didn't expected were that of the AI behavior. It's much improve in terms of immersive and gameplay. Although the security detail seem abit lacking but when it comes to combat, expected to be tactically flank and out manuever. If you're looking for an espionage with gunplay this is the game for you. And did I mention you can run while crouching? That's like the sickess thing ever in any game out!""Assume this game might be moddable, I would like to edit my own mission as in placing Security Detail, Picking Target and challenge other players"".""Also, there is no weapon customization and the Inventory screen are really dodgy and not fluently, need a fix"""
,Not Recommended,236870,21773900,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kevinx,"4790k, 980ti = avg 30 fpsonly 1 mission(full experience pack)"
,Not Recommended,236870,21821502,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,coreoffocus,Do yourself a favour and just dont buy this. Wait until all the episodes are out at least and get it.
76561198012232427,Not Recommended,236870,24405696,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,dyszol,I am unable to play because the game can't connect to the server due to server maintenance. This is riddiculus and seem to completely ignore the fact I bought the game legally and would like to play my game anytime I wish.
,Not Recommended,236870,24410697,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Better Kouhai than BB,"Nope, not worth it. It's a good game but the developers are pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just don't do it."
76561197971508363,Not Recommended,236870,29843114,Posted: 11 February,all,updog,"Nearly a year ago, a really good game named Hitman built upon horrible and invasive practices to make you suffer as a paying customer, was released. Dependency on a central server in order to play the single player campaign was widely criticized, causing the game to receive a mixed reception despite being possibly the best actual game in the series.Present day, exactly 11 months later, the Hitman servers are down for whatever reason and I'm unable to play the single player campaign as it was intended. It's not going to get any better, you know. One day the servers will be shut down and a broken game will be all that's left."
,Recommended,236870,24377800,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,"B-A-B-Y, Baby","Yes, the always online DRM sucks donkey ballsYes, the episodic release is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥BUTYes, this is the true Hitman sequel you've been waiting forPros:-Replay value/incentive, replaying missions and completing challenges earns you XP that unlocks new tools and in turn, unlocks new ways to approach a missions-Graphics are pretty good looking-Huge open missions which encourage you to experiment-Great dynamic soundtrack-Truly feels like a Blood Money sequelCons:-Always online DRM, need I say more-PC performance/optimization issues-Dumb gltiches that can make or break a missionOverall, if you are a Hitman fan, especially a Blood Money fan, you'll love this game, its totally what you've been waiting for"
76561197969552792,Not Recommended,236870,24316164,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,OddBall,online DRM sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,236870,21771397,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bionic_Tuna,Broken at launch. Not allowed to run the game at native resolution. Ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,236870,21774329,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,生死看淡 不服就送,"If you are looking for Blood Money 2, just forget about it ..."
,Not Recommended,236870,21780460,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Fredy The Great☭,"Always online garbage, offline is neutered and theres a fistfull of content....the moment it was set back to march I knew they ♥♥♥♥ on this game gawd dayum pa Im a muhgishion. 0/9001 will get the rest for free."
,Not Recommended,236870,21773415,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Marko,"Performance is abysmal, menu need rethink huge buttons not essential, benchmark doesn't work, and always online no matter what."
,Not Recommended,236870,21775869,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,El Fagito,I don't reccomend this as of right now. The game crashes a ton during loading screen.
,Not Recommended,236870,21772890,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SoDDz,Dont waste your money on this game yet. Not worth it at all.
76561198013680125,Not Recommended,236870,21775504,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Miketv9,"The game looks promising in terms of gameplay...But to properly play this, you just might wanna get yourself a NASA computer first.Negative review until i see some improvements in performance."
,Not Recommended,236870,21774708,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jynx,"Really REALLY demanding game, great CPU cardio I guess. Games that run on the UE4 run more than fast enough on my machine and look very comparable. I won't stretch it, my machine is a lightweight compared to most other's I've seen in the reviews:G3258 @ 4.2Ghz760GTX (192-bit) @ 930 Mhz8GB 9T @ 1400But here's the problem, I can't even achieve playable framerates (30+ is what I'd consider bare minimum playable) at min settings 720p. So reading people with monster rigs not getting 1080p60z and me saying I can't get 720p30z, it's safe to say this game runs as smooth as exlax on Taco Tusesday."
76561198006287798,Not Recommended,236870,21775316,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Beast,"Wow, I can't believe what a mess this game is at the moment. This game is not optimized at all. I'm running it with a GTX 970, i5-4670K, 12GB RAM, Win10 PC and it freezes the whole time. As soon as I get upstairs in the tutorial level, it's Game Over. It runs fine before that point, but getting upstairs and BAM - all I can do is killing it with ALT+F4. The funny part is, if I try to start the level on the lowest settings, the game even freezes in the loading screen, when it hits the 75% mark. This is a complete unplayable mess. I am shocked that this game got a QA pass, as it seems they didn't go through any sort of hardware compatibility testing."
,Not Recommended,236870,21772265,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CaptainShed,"Stck in vrtual wrld, lw fps, cnt cnnct 2 realty pls hlp"
76561197962846980,Not Recommended,236870,21774450,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Avn,buy the game now. get it later? u get a short intro with only 1 real misson and u are done for now.
,Not Recommended,236870,25408348,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zews,"Yeah, its a fun game, but its really, really short. I get its episodic for some dumb reason, but still, these missions are done and over with in under 10 minutes. Its really just banking on you wanting to keep replaying the mission to level up and play community made content."
,Recommended,236870,22634335,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,crimemovies,"It's big, it's bad, it's back, and it has ♥♥♥♥ing DRM.But I don't care, I just have too much patience to not enjoy this broken gameYes, I may be supporting anti-consumerist practices, but this game just happens to fit my schedule well. I'm a completionist, so I have no problem grinding away at large levels to find the most creative ways to kill people. My internet is fine and I haven't had any server issues until the recent update which I will just wait out anyway since I have plenty of other games to play. The intro pack wasn't expensive and it let me see what was to come. I enjoyed the gameplay and will probably buy Sapienza as well which is going for 8 USD. If I enjoy it too, I'll definitely go all in.GameplayThe peak of the franchise, with the best of both worlds from Absolution and Blood Money. There are actual targets you can kill unlike Absolution where it was get to Point A-B, and the missions are wide open and explorative similarly to Blood Money but just on a much larger scale. At first, I was confused by the lack of cutscenes, but by the time I had mastered Paris, I got the full scoop of the story straight from the conversations in the game. The eavesdropping is almost necessary for getting a grasp of the situation, and you will always be left in the dark if you don't focus on the details around you. The AI is alright, a bit stupid for my tastes, but they react as they should and their dialogue is realistic. Guards show remarkable restraint and don't immediately resort to shooting you if you trespass, instead opting to escort you away. Very forgiving, but only up to the point before combat. The AI work together as a team and help to compromise your disguises, and their dialogue is believable and hilarious.Graphics47 looks ♥♥♥♥ing sharp, his figure is almost square-like in appearence and the suit is tailored to fit him almost perfectly. His stance, stoic face and clean suit adds a very imposing and predatory nature to him when he is not in disguise, and his voice actor nails it with the slight English accent. The character models are all cool and repetition is rare but not too distracting. Large crowds are present, and they react realistically to alarms and gunshots. The fashion show set design was also very authentic, right down to the dressing rooms, AV crew stations, and firework boats. The fidelity of this game really does have a ""next-gen"" feel, but it's bogged down by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ development choices like the forced graphics changes and the game-breaking updates.I like it, other people don't. I'll keep playing it even if I'm having fun the wrong way.Contest EditAfter all of the episodes released, I've played all missions and completed the mastery extensively. Although it didn't necessarily deliver a good narrative conclusion, it's set a strong standard as a contender for Hitman Blood Money which Absolution could never reach."
76561197997061990,Recommended,236870,23693637,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,naetharu,"Hitman (2016) ReviewHaving been stung by Hitman: Absolution I came to this game feeling a little cautious. However, any worries that I may have had were quickly resolved. This is not only the best Hitman game so far, it’s also one of the best games I have played in years.Gone are the linear levels and focus on action of Absolution. Instead, we have a true successor to Blood Money. Each of the games levels offers sizable sandbox filled with rich interaction and myriad opportunities for cleaver and inventive play. Experimentation is encouraged and rewarded from the offset and it is perfectly possible to find novel ways of completing contracts outside of any set-pieces that the game designers have baked into each of the areas.The introduction pack includes three maps. The first two, which are presented as training maps, are around the same size as those found in Blood Money. Despite being called training levels they offer plenty of opportunity for some interesting plays albeit in a more confined place than the games sprawling main levels. The third map in the first pack is set amid a Paris fashion show. The building is enormous, there is loads of stuff going on and getting through it properly took me several hours.But what really makes this game stand out is just how repayable the levels are. There are challenges to complete the hit using various different methods, dozens of hidden areas and many different achievements you can aim for as you perfect your skills. I found my first hits were always somewhat messy as I improvised while learning the layout of the level. However, I have found there is a great deal of motivation to come back and retry hits as you are able to exploit the knowledge you have gained to better navigate the levels.Furthermore, in addition to the main hits there are timed escalation missions which offer a series of five mini-hits with specific objectives that you complete against the clock, with your final score going up on global score-boards. This ‘time attack’ mode is a really nice addition and offers a fun challenge and new way to see each of the levels.And then there is also the addition of custom contracts which players can make for one another adding further fun and replayability to the game. These are created by the player having to complete them so they are always possible if tough. They come with a fun selection of bonus objectives and offer a nice reason to return to levels that you have already player without having to retrace the same objective that you have already completed before.The second episode is perhaps even more fun than Paris, being set in a beautiful seaside town during the middle of summer. It offers a nice change of feeling and pace to the Paris level, and serves to underline just how versatile and well thought out each of these stages is. I’ll avoid going into any real detail as discovering things for yourself is half the fun. I’d just say that for the asking price of £6.99 it is more than worth the money. Everything feels like it has been very carefully crafted. All the assets are custom for the level, the voice acting is top notch and the AI is sold.On a technical level the game seems great too. I am running it on a modest PC (GTX770-2GB/i5-4700k/8GB RAM) and I find I can get a mostly locked 60fps on medium settings. It is worth noting that I did suffer bad framerates until I updated my graphics card drivers, so if you do find problems with the game and you’re using an Nvidia card then make sure you have the latest drivers on offer.In conclusion, Hitman is a fantastic game. It will be one that I will go back to play for many months to come. I’m very excited to see each of the new levels as they come out, yet at the same time I feel I have hardly scratched all of the content on offer with the few that I already have. If you like stealth games at all then getting this is a no-brainer."
76561198045181147,Not Recommended,236870,21774973,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,iddqd,"Game is full of glitches, light fx problems, and til now it only has the training missions"
,Recommended,236870,21904153,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"https://youtu.be/33TtHJxeQvsGame:HITMAN™Genre:Episodic Action StealthDeveloper:IO InteractivePublisher:Square EnixCopy supplied by SteamHITMAN™is an episodic action stealth game developed by IO Interactive and published by Square Enix. This is the 6th game in the Hitman franchise, and every month a new episode will be released with a different setting and target. This review contains the content of the first episode: ""Paris"". The game is also always online, but it can also be played offline even though some features are blocked.STORYThe story will be rated when the game is fully released, there isn't enough content to even know what's going on.GRAPHICSPowered by Glacier (the same engine of Absolution), the game does look pretty damn good, with great attention to details in the levels and with improved animations (I especially love shooting and reloading a pistol). However, at launch this game is packed with performance issues, plus some graphical options are greyed out based on your hardware. With everything either off or on Low, I managed to get 30+ FPS inside and 24+ FPS in outside and crowded areas.GAMEPLAYYou despise the levels of Absolution, but you liked the improved controls? You loved the level of detail in Blood Money and Contracts? Then this game is just for you: gone are the Point Shooting, the dumb linear levels and the unrealistic ""lower-hat-to-hide-your-identity"" system.This Hitman is closer to a 007 game: the Paris level has you infiltrate a fashion show where a secret evil auction is taking place. Around the map you can eavesdrop some conversations that will activate Opportunities, which help you achieve the slickest and most badass assassinations. For example, you can disguise as a Sheik to go to a private meeting where you can garrote your target, or dress as staff of the palace to poison your target and drown him in the toiler when he is vomiting, and so on.You can also preplan which weapons to bring in your mission, which suit to wear, and even in which area of the map to start in (in the attic, undercover in the kitchen, in the garden...). Plus, you also get XP whenever you complete certain assassinations, feats or discoveries, increasing your Mastery of the level, and as a reward you unlock more preplanning options.If you are tired of killing the same targets, there are also Elusive Targets (currently unavailable) and Escalation Mode. In Escalation, there are five increasing levels of difficulties, where you have more objectives to complete to finish the level.CHALLENGEWhile there is no difficulty mode, your regenarating health drains very quickly, which means that you will die pretty easily, so stealth is always the best option. The AI works also very well: there are some people called Threats that will be suspicious of your disguise if you go near them, patrolling guards will take guns that are lying around the map, and if you are found trespassing you will be taken out of the area. However, it still isn't 100% realistic, and after a while it became really easy to screw with them.SOUNDJesper Kyd didn't score the game, but the soundtrack isn't bad but neither memorable. And the sound design and voice acting are top notch as always.REPLAYABILITYTrying to master the level will keep you engaged for many hours, and Escalation Mode will be updated every week. This will last for at least 15 hours in its current state, similarly to ""Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes"".Overall, I am really glad to say that this is a great return to form for Hitman games: a big sandbox to play in, multiple ways to kill your targets, many disguises, and good customization. However, being always online and the locked graphics options will unfortunately turn off a lot of players. I highly recommend buying the Intro Pack, then maybe buy the Upgrade Pack.Story: n/aGraphics: 7.5Gameplay: 9Challenge: 8.5Sound: 8Replayability: 9ENJOYMENT: 8.5FRUSTRATION: 6.5Follow me on Twitter: @nickygra97Subscribe to my channelLike on FacebookJoin my Steam group"
76561198022497224,Not Recommended,236870,23091658,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,corv,Very buggy.   First steam game for me that simply has many impactful graphic and audio issues. disappointing....
76561198041245421,Not Recommended,236870,23041334,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,€pejc,"Not satisfied at all.Because of my slow an old comp I can not comment on graphic or sound system. But, On the other things i am not satisfied not at allt. For me now is a waste of money, but let see what they will give us.-Ok lets go to the point. I do not like the starting system , where u choose where to start. I rather see that i would start from only one point, and working towards the way you choose.-I do not like weapon system and gear system. Please, having coin in your pocket never made anyone imposibble to have also some other things in pockets. like some small poison thing.-Do not like heavy weapon system thing. Please, if agency manage to plant some AK into your havey security building, they do not need you, they could easly plant some bomb, iside hisr closet.-And damn, where is my SNIPER SUITCASE?!?.-Do not like, console low IQ logic, with those mission triggers. Like u need to step on some thing that some M****F***er go on toilet or started to do something.. Me?!? I go when i need to go.-I do not like logic of those "" producers"". 90% of missions )contracts, escalations, feats, ...) are made for ome genocidial psyho maniacs, who just love to blow everthing up, who dont care for colleteral damage, or for some vampire fiction dudes. I suspetct that next mission will have something to do with star wars suit and light sabres.-And from all this fiction things, i figured out, that time is most important, it better to kill everything withinin 3 minutes, than to kill only target which take u hour or more.And story, hm. Maybe i missed something or some small notes on the bottom, but, hell i do not know what is story about,. And thats not all, even you knew, you wold forget what is all about till next misison update.I thought, that stroy line would be updated every week or two.For now there is more negative then positive things, but we will see. I am optimist, and i hope they will bring some old stuff back."
,Not Recommended,236870,21776413,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gnomeria,"There are so many things that are wrong in this game, I probably would never waste another dime on another Hitman games...Just don't buy this crap I guess.Their servers are frequently down I can't even load my save games. This game feels like Sim City all over again..."
76561198107548900,Not Recommended,236870,21774415,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kaldun,I will try to get a refund. unbearable. freeze. stuttering. Maybe the GOTY edition with all episodes and dlcs on a 75% sale or more but not this crap.This feels like a early beta game!
,Not Recommended,236870,21776416,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,xPokee,"Purchased this game hoping for a little more story. This is like Destiny all over again. Release a fraction of the game. While there may be some replay value, but overall an unfinished product.  Wait until the game is complete before purchasing"
,Recommended,236870,31380172,Posted: 26 April,all,Salad,"Hit some men, some men get hit.All is good in the world"
76561198002410786,Not Recommended,236870,25473589,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Stower66,"Ultimatly, a rip off. More replay value than actual value.  Each map took me approx. 20 minutes to finish on normal difficulty, with four maps currently out. The game is beatable in under an hour!!!The levels are large and detailed and have many available options to assassinate an enemy and the story is interesing and well written.  Unfortunatly, all of that is overwritten by the utter lack of content.  once you beat the story the rest of the time you is spent replaying the same map attempting assassination challenges or escalation missions.The ""challenges"" are a joke, as most of them are unlocked by simply escaping the map a certain way, or choosing a different starting location within the map (completeing challenges unlocks more starting locations. Starting at the new location is a challenge unlock in and of itself, completing the loop of why ♥♥♥♥ing bother.)The escalation missions are more or less boring as they have nothing to do with the game, map, or story. The escalation missions require you to assassinate various nobodies on the maps you already completed for the story. Then once you kill that person, you can play the the escalation mission again, and again, and again.... 5 times for each escalation 'mission"" (i shouldnt even really call them missions as they are a joke) Each time you complete an escalation mission, the difficulty ""escalates"", allowing you to replay that mission but with a different tweaks like using a certain disguise, assassinating them a certain way, or adding more people to assassinate.  I understand that the gameplay is based on assassinating people and finding new ways to do it.  But after playing the same map 40 times just to get the achievement or challenge unlocked, you're sick of the map.  You're sick of the game.  You get sick of assassinating a bunch of nobody's at the same damn party with the same damn ways with the same damn goals.  Its tedious, pointless, and an excuse to keep people playing with as minimal content possible.TL;DR  DONT BUY IT, TOTAL WASTE!  30minutes of gameplay per map, 1 map per episode, 4 episodes released so far and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ prologue you have to play twice.  HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS RATED WELL IN STEAM STORE?"
,Recommended,236870,22664583,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Vengeance643[NOR],"If you are a fan of Hitman, this would appeal to you! big maps, and free-roaming! It's a big step-up from the last game (Absolution). The only thing that is missing, is gun customization and some other stuff! But other than, its great!"
98274392435353543,Recommended,236870,21794094,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Catashtrope,"Miles better than absolution, close to the First four games."
,Not Recommended,236870,21855599,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,"Okay, with hokaido level out. I believe this game is done? no more new episode right?So this is the finale review,First of all, i will say hokaido map design is impressive, it has gorgeus view. But the game still suck tho.WIth final episode, I DON""T UNDERSTAND WHAT IS THE STORY????????????Seriously guys, a shaddy guy come approach Ms. burnwood and say something. Then what???No conclussion of the story, the game didn't feel end at all. In fact, like i said. I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE STORY.... And i feel like the target by the story is just there, so we have someone to kill. They have no connection with the story at all.I will rate this game 2/10.I can play hitman 2: silent assasin again, it still more enjoyable than this game in term of story and game mechanic.-----------------------------------------------------Update after played bangkok map.Hmmm control with joystick didn't feel right. So switched to keyboard & mouse.Hotel map is big, but still i didn't find the ""fun"" of playing this game :(Also the NPC feel too soon to blown my disguise :(-----------------------------------------------------Here is the review after marrakesh episode out:I already forgot about this game, i have lost interest with this game. Thanks to the episodic release, i already lost appetite for this game because waiting too long.Probably i will play with this game again when all the episode out.See you in next HITMAN game and don't expect me to buy pre-release or full price.-----------------------------------------------------Ok here is the update review after spienze episode coming out:+ I like this map italy culture. This level remind us hitman 2: silent assassin where we breach the villa- F*************** ONLINE DRM RIP OFF THE GAME, WHILE YOU ENOY THE GAME THEN SUDDENLY DISCONNECTED AND CAN""T CONTINUE FOR A WHILE, YOU KNOW HOW BAD EXPERIENCE IT IS!!!!!!!!!!-----------------------------------------------------This is the review for the initial game release:Bad bad bad, feel like unfinished game.Shooting feel not right, there is no sensation at all when you shoot. I tried using controller and mouse. Nothing feel right. Hitman Absolution is better when shooting using controller and Hitman Blood Money still better if you using mouse.When you shoot, there is no blood. Is this game for kids?Controller aim assist feel not working, so RIP controller user. Because of this, you will prefer to use melee weapon :(AI feel stupid and not live at all.Starting gun options only pistol. Looks like 47 run out of money.Bigger map?Yeah it's bigger but world feel empty. Basically what i feel is, the amount of content still the same it's just the distance got longer. I will prefer have smaller map with rich content.The only thing i feel improved is disguised system, where now not all the guys using same disguise as your will recognise you.If you're player who like do mass massacre for fun, you can cry. The amount of guards in here is uncountable. So basically you will dead before clean upall guards.I did not get any issue with performance, i'm using NVIDIA GT 600 series.TL;DR not recommended, wait another year and hopefully you will also get discount + fixIf you still insist, buy the intro pack."
,Recommended,236870,24507875,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,bluesky,I've only played a handful of hours and this is already my game of the year.They've perfected Hitman gameplay.Episodic structure makes me want to take time to explore and experiment in each level
,Recommended,236870,23201076,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Markie,"I really like this game so far. However I would have wished that everything would have been released at once, but it's not that big of a deal for me.One thing I wish would have been there, was that you earned money per contract, and then buy weapons and upgrades sort of like Blood Money. I also wish that the weapons you pick up druing a level and carry to the exit would save in your armory, so that you could use them later.So far the unlocks you get for completing missions and leveling up has been kinda lackluster, but the levels are very fun and have a lot of replay value"
,Not Recommended,236870,24132094,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CitizenDemon,"runs like dogturd on a 6700k with a gtx980, when i first got the game it ran fine for about 3 hours after that it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason what so ever no updated drivers or in game settings, did all the things forums told me to do for correcting the horrible fps, using dx11 instead of 12, lowering settings, running as adminestrator etc etc and nothing has fixed the problem!"
76561197996338052,Recommended,236870,27837515,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raigavin,"Was extremely skeptical at first due to the always online requirement and negative reviews about the game, but pleasantly surprised when I booted up the game.This isOne of the best stealth game in a long while, which has been irrationally dwarfed by hypocritical negative reviews (mostly because its got an always online component).The quality is top notch; right from the (beginning) presentation, episodes set across very good locations (won't be surprised if you stopped playing and just explore it), lively game world (NPCs!?), varied approaches during each episode (which is a lot) and then into the challenges (where replayability sky rockets).I suggest everyone to try the Intro Pack [Prologue + Episode 1] if you are skeptical about what the game offers and then go on to purcahse the rest of the episodes, because you surely wouldn't want to miss this game if you are a fan of either Hitman series or stealth genre."
,Recommended,236870,22689370,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cordeos,"This is the best Hitman game since Blood Money, and considering episode 2, has a distinct chance of surpassing it.The levels are expansive and have complex systems to toy with. Multiple assassination methods, interesting layered security and plenty of improvisation opportunities.The AI is spotty at times, but works pretty well most of the time."
,Not Recommended,236870,24292903,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,I'm that man.,"I like the old/new serious tone of the game so far, it catches the old feeling of Contracts/Blood Money...but I really want to see some more basic gameplay features from the old games.Been playing Hitman since ""Codename 47"" and really loved Blood Money and Contracts, besides the classic first one of course. I hope the developers use the episodic release model to fine-tune the game too...add more (basic) features, like human shields, maybe the notority system and so on. The Elusive Targets are a good (new) addition to the game...let's see how long they support them after the actual full release though. The DRM sends its regards too!Gonna update this review from time to time; the game's currently on Episode 3, right after the ""Summer Bonus Episode"" was released.And this is where it gets the thumb down...for now. I decided to buy the episodes one by one, so I'm actually paying more in the end.But, thanks to Io-Interactive's genius episodic business model I can't enjoy the mentioned Bonus Episode, because they reserve this for people who actually bought the game at full price right away or the ""Upgrade Pack"". If I would get a FAIR discount for already invested money to upgrade it fairly, I could think about getting the ""rest of the game"", wich is ironically not released yet. Thanks for the big ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the community and fans!"
,Recommended,236870,34526900,Posted: 27 August,all,Amaiera,"Get your job done how ever you want.Super serious without being seen and noticed even once or just going in like Rambo killing everything in the process, it's your choice.No objections, full recommendation."
76561198015965975,Recommended,236870,34579709,Posted: 29 August,all,***Bosshog***,"Awesome. A vast improvement on the earlier games, both in scope and variety of ways to carry out your missions.  Gonna get lotsa mileage from this one, even though it will probably drive me crazy at times..."
76561198043641041,Recommended,236870,35042574,Posted: 18 September,all,Doggie,"Really fun game, the game is really cool, but can be a bit expensive because that you have to buy every single episode.Graphichs are good.Controls are just fine.I would recommend this game if you like STEALTH or really hard LOUD.Don't know what more to say than, it's worth the money if the things above looked good.Add me if you want more info on this review or wanna ask a question."
76561197971475265,Not Recommended,236870,29842910,Posted: 11 February,all,CoCoCly,"It was all well, the game design was great.I played since the very first hitman (who could be equippred with a MINIGUN) , and kept following this game ever since.WHY ARE YOU FORCING US TO go DRM while your SEVERs are ALWAYS down!!!?WE PAID REAL MONEY TO YOU, WHY PUNISH US FOR PAYING for the LEGIT copy of this game!"
76561198010742258,Recommended,236870,31534455,Posted: 3 May,all,Franchise,"Everything you love about Hitman, modernized. The game is GORGEOUS, and the raw gameplay of old Hitman is still live and well."
,Recommended,236870,22655372,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Deep,"This review is just after the release of Sapienza.  At first I was skeptical of this game, but went ahead and bought it anyway since I'm a big fan of the series (wasn't impressed with Absolution, but it was an okay game...it just wasn't a good Hitman game).  This, I have to say, is a Hitman game.  I love that they got back to the Sandbox style, and Sapienze is BIG with tons of options.  My first play through I went through it with reckless abandon, exploring and killing like a maniac.  My second playthrough I was able to obtain the sniper rifle and start in the safe house.  I then waited outside for one of my targets to appear and shot her dead right at the very beginning.  This is what I was hoping for, but it is still a bit sad that they decided to release it like it's being released, and there are still some bugs to work out.  One is the V-sync problem.  I get 60fps, but I see a slight tearing effect so obviously something is broken or I'm missing something.  Other people are reporting the same problem.  But, the bottom line is this:  if you are a fan of the Hitman series (the real one where you play on a map and figure out different ways of killing the target(s), and loved how replayable the games were in the past, then I recommend this game.   As of this review, I have 14 hours on an intro and two maps, and I still haven't explored everything on both maps.   They are definately making this worth the money, IMO."
,Not Recommended,236870,23588667,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"I really like this game. The gameplay is really great and level design is unique.However I am now for some reason not able to launch the game at all and even when I was able to play it, there were many stability issues and I got really low/unstable framerates."
,Recommended,236870,23264207,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Wolf(TechFreak),"The Graphics are amzing and its quite easy to run at higher settings with my 980. I havent had any glitches, but i cant keep playing as i feel no incentive. There is no end reward other than to kill a target in as many ways as possible. The only other Hitman game ive played is Absolution... and i loved that one but only because of its storyline. The open worlds are more fun to explore but its not long before im bored by the lack of storyline and distracted by the fact that some kill opportunites need to be executed FAST before they disappear and require the level to be reloaded to use. Playing a level over and over again to complete about a dozen ways to kill a person just isnt my thing, and i cant recomend the game to anyone who feels the same. However i can recomend the game for its ""build quality."" No Issues what-so-ever, not even an online drm problem i keep hearing about."
76561198119908880,Recommended,236870,29782306,Posted: 8 February,all,Price,Absolutely one of the best in HITMAN series. I loved it. it had a lot of graphic problems for me and just recently it became great so right now I love graphics too. The game play is smooth and perfect and I love that I can kill my targets in a lot of ways.the game though was a lil bit casual at first but now in new updates it can be hardcore to which is perfect.i only wished it had more episodes I think it was a lil bit short.I 10/10 recommend the game for everyone.
76561197960360841,Recommended,236870,22651029,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Wa-Z,"Played the game for hours and hours. Still walk trough Paris and hear new dialogues. Which tell me about different opportunities to clear the level. Looked trough the achievements and saw even more opportunities to solve it.I like the selling model so far, because it hooks me to the game. I played every Hitman game for long."
,Recommended,236870,26362365,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ALER,Even this game's steam page is slow 11/10
76561198044911866,Not Recommended,236870,29975170,Posted: 16 February,all,CatharticPotatoz,"way too buggy, has a lot of framerate issues. The AI and disguise mechanics are worse than any of the other hitman games in my opinion."
76561198038467326,Not Recommended,236870,27328857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rastrack,"Always online DRM wont ever get a good review.Also the Game gets very frequently CTDs, every 30-60 minutes."
76561198000393606,Not Recommended,236870,24228376,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,rüpelrudi,"horrible optimisation, dropping from 60-100 frames randomly to 30-40 in multiple places even with settings turned down and cpu/gpu not close to full load. What a joke. Other than that the game itself is good except for the requirements to be online for offline missions, which doesnt bother me personally though. I would recommend this if it wasnt such a mess performance-wise.EDIT: encountered a bug where you get compromised although nobody sees you, always happens and makes it impossible to finish the mission in marocco with a decent score on those savegames cause the target isnt moving between places anymore. I replayed the mission to not get noticed and not kill non-targets and all the time is wasted cause its bugged.This game feels like its still in beta and should not be sold."
,Not Recommended,236870,22034198,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Toaster,"Xbox button prompts display instead of keyboard despite never having used an xbox controller and having it set to keyboard in the settings. Sometimes flashes between keyboard and xbox button UI prompts but is mostly a guessing game.Crazy input lag, have to hit ""E"" multple times for it to open doors and ""C"" 5-10 times for hitman to crouch.Camera glitches and zooms over hitmans shoulder at about 200% zoom.Hitman can enter cover but not leave, requireing a mission restart and making cover unusable.Performance is poor for a GTX 980 and i7 5930K @ 5GHZ (30-60fps) on max settings.Always Online.Refund requested."
,Recommended,236870,23322241,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,IAMDAPRO,Best hitman yet!!
,Recommended,236870,23529085,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Derek The Gay Viking,"I dont like the way that its released in episodes, but except for that I absoltely love this game :D"
,Not Recommended,236870,22827009,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hwjshine,"I like the overall gameplay. Excellent level design and graphic.However, what bothers me is the constant disconnection from the server, while the fun of the whole game relies on it being connected online.My bandwidth is 100 Mbps and I don't see any problem accessing anything else, except for websites blocked by the Great Firewall in China."
,Recommended,236870,22645462,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Samyewl,"47 is back baby :D Ignore the reviews about always online it's not a big deal, that's the only negative I can think of and it's not as bad as all these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are making it out to be xD. If you love stealthily murdering people, buy this!"
76561198032773424,Recommended,236870,22640590,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,prokaktyc,"I loved the game even ""always online"" thing was quite bothersomeGreat improvement over blood money with a cover and alarm trigger system of absolutionMap is huge and there are many opportunities for fancy kill.If you like Blood Money then get it.If you like exploration and silent assasinations then get it.Otherwise, the game may be not for you."
,Recommended,236870,22602708,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,"The Royal We, The Editorial","Say what you will about the business model and episodic release. Read the words before you spend your money so you'll understand what you're getting into. Online DRM and episodic releases are both ineffective and cumbersome ways to release a game. I do not condone that♥♥♥♥♥♥in any way.With that being said, this is a tremendously fun game. It is unfortunate that they bumble♥♥♥♥ed the release like they did, but it's been good to me personally. At least they had the courtesy to make the game industry-standard levels of entertaining. I'd rather have to deal with this than have a DRM-free game that isn't good.If you want to be a sneaky secret agent assassin and stab people and blow people up, you're not going to be able to do a whole lot better than this."
,Recommended,236870,22646335,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,P-unit,"Most of the negative reviews of this game appear to be down to both the always online DRM and the episodic format.Which is a shame because aside from this the game itself is incredibly fun, and a welcome return to the sandbox style silent assassin fun of the old Hitman games, which used to make me cackle like a witch at a halloween party.If anything I'd like a better map (like the ones in Blood Money) because the levels are so huge it's easy to get lost, but the new opportunities system is a very fun addition - with the odd little sly remark from Diana added in.If you can ignore the annoyance of being booted from your carefully planned escalation playthrough when your internet does a burp, it's a very very fun game, and I'd still recommend it :)Edit: Bit peeved by the elusive targets, given being booted can mean you end up failing the assignment when you haven't really had a fair opportunity (which happened to me).  Sort it out, IO!"
,Recommended,236870,22648482,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,skyhighgam3r,"Whether or not you like the 'episodic structure' or prefer to wait for the full game... it has no bearing on the QUALITY of this title.While some users have reported the occasional bug, I have had 0 problems. The game runs flawlessly for me:AMD R9 390X 8GBIntel i7-4790k 4.0Ghz16 GB DDR3 RAMWindows 10Now, with that out of the way, let's talk about the actual GAME.My first impression while playing this game is that they took what everyone loved about the first 4 games (Codename 47, Silent Assassin, Contracts, & Blood Money) and took the few good ideas from Absolution (Controls, PART of the instinct system, contracts mode, etc) and have fused them together for a proper sequel.Your options for killing people are far more extensive, you can use nifty things like tools (screwdriver, crowbar, etc) to play with things in the enviornment and set traps (Or just smash someones head in, whatever you like).The worlds are far more full of people to prey on, and there are a lot more things going on. It feels like these worlds are more alive than in the previous games where people just did a round-a-bout route every several minutes.Really it all comes down to this, if you enjoyed the previous Hitman games, you will enjoy this. Nothing is missing, and everything is improved. Don't listen to all the people causing problems because they hate waiting for new content. No matter how you slice it, the 60$ get's you a full game.The only differance is you can get it AS content is ready and being updated.OR you can wait till it's all on one disc.Either way, the content you get is AAA."
,Recommended,236870,22618560,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,IronSpidy26,"I got the first part of this game after a week or two of it being out. I got past the guided tutorial, and got stone walled. This game is difficult for the impatient. But looks very good, runs fantastic on my R9 380 4gb. As far as always online and DRM that everyone has been complaining about, the game runs very good. I have not encountered a problem with those issues. Either the game has been fixed or im in an area of exceptional Square Enix quality. I'm going to go with the former. Very fun, classic Hitman gameplay. Not a game critic, but genuine 9/10, definately recommend this game."
76561198019695642,Recommended,236870,22632713,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GreyFokz,"I love it, feels like bloodmoney 2, somaney ways to kill . replayed training an paris 20 time n still fun."
76561198134354416,Recommended,236870,22607485,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SETTLER,I Dont know what i sayBut this is so stupid to make ppl wait and doing the same mission over and over againuntil your stupid update to play the new oneI recommended this game with YES  just cuz i love agent 47 and he looks cool this time
76561198106533980,Recommended,236870,22544044,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,McSizzle,Im not gonna give the all the details because there are enough comments like the. All I have to say is that this is a good game and if you have ever played Hitman before or have never played at all you will enjoy this game. Have a good day guys.
76561198084239937,Recommended,236870,23175631,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DEV,"02-Jun-2016 : Finished Episode 3 + extrasEquipment : MSI GT80-2QE NotebookREVIEW :Episode 1 Paris is great, you get a big complex and detailed mansion as your sandbox to play with. But Episode 2 Sapienza is just amazing, you get a mansion plus a small town! The map is bigger, more complex, more details, with lots of sniping vantage points. If IOI keep escalating the map size every time they release new episode, we could end up getting a one full city map by the time we reach Episode 6.Episode 3 is not as good as Episode 2, but still offers lots to explore. Contracts in Escalation mode are getting harder now and more challenging but I find them boring to do because the way IOI designed the escalation mode that requires player to do the same task over and over again.The gem in this game is the Elusive Targets mode. Player have real-time limit to complete the contract and only get one chance, these limitations make this mode really intense.Originally I gave this game a ""Thumb Down"" on the release date because it has so many bugs and annoying server disconnecting issue. But lots of the bugs already fixed, the server also more stable (although I still hate the online requirement), and the game content itself is actually very good. So I changed my review to ""Thumb Up"" BUT unless you're a fan of Hitman games, I still recommend you to wait for the full release game on Jan 2017. If you're not a fan of Hitman games, you won't have the patience dealing with the bugs, delayed episode releases, etc.CONCLUSION :Recommended on full price, a must-have on sale price."
,Not Recommended,236870,29024036,Posted: 4 January,all,queefwizard,"Always online requirement is pretty lame, though it only disconnected once while I was in a mission.Gameplay is pretty fun, I didn't like that they encourage you to just replay the same levels over and over doing things slightly different. Some people absolutely love that aspect, but once I beat the story (which was pretty boring and fairly short tbh) I kept feeling like the only reason I was booting up was to get my money's worth.If you love redoing missions and the meticulous planning, this is a great game, but otherwise wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,236870,21785316,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MR.MARLAN,"""You get Paris as a location""And by ""Paris"" they mean, ONE BUILDING.L O LTry it if you must, but watch the clock and refund it before 2 hours. Don't worry, you can finish all of the content in 2 hours anyway. LMAO."
,Recommended,236870,29998027,Posted: 17 February,all,fiveeyes,"Lightyears ahead of Absolution, but maybe not quite Bloodmoney. Probably my only real disappointment is that it's very reliant on replaying the same map over and over, finding all the unique ways to assassinate your target. So if you don't want to learn tons of nuiances of a level, or will be disappointed by the only handful of levels, then this isn't a great buy. Otherwise as a Hitman game, it is quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,236870,30031257,Posted: 19 February,all,PlutonFI,+ Story+ Gameplay+ Challenges+ Fun+ Great Linux port by Feral InteractiveWaiting the next season.
76561198084269812,Not Recommended,236870,21835916,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Snow:Y*CSGO,I feel offended.. Who let this on steam?? It runs worse than batman arkham knight!
,Not Recommended,236870,25427780,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Muffin,"HITMAN is a good game, but a bad piece of software.The DirectX 12 version is just too unstable, so much that you can't access game areas because the game crashes on you every time or can't load up a mission at all.The DirectX 11 version has slow loading textures, and sound bugs all over the place.The DirectX 12 problems didn't occur in the first two episodes for me, so I reached 7 hours of playtime - and guess what? Can't refund it anymore now.If you want to play this game, don't buy it now. Really, don't. They need to fix this game first."
76561198031373430,Recommended,236870,22667898,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,SilentJakoRei,"Now, with Sapienza, its one of the best games I ever played!It has so much look and feel in it! But I know, that I'm a lucky guy with good 125MBit internet con. with no problems to download 4 GB Sound patches in 5 minutes and no in-game bugs. Games runs great for me. GTX970 with i7 4x 4Ghz on SSD and some good 16GB RAM. Windows 8.1.Paris was ok, but not enough for a good start into the whole Hitman feeling. Now we have Sapienza which is simply amazing!Please, update the game more. You are making good progress after this problematic start for so many people. Think about the people, which have the problems. You need the whole community to make still money with this product in the next year. My money you will get for sure, if the next updates and episodes will have so much detail and quality as Sapienza has.So to all people out there - i can recommend this to you all! Have fun!"
76561198254884351,Recommended,236870,22642308,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AZ_Ranger,very good game. worth the $$
76561198025258689,Recommended,236870,22630934,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,antoniusberg,"Fun game. Reminds me of the first hitman games. The only point of critique is that we are living in 2016 and we expect the enemy a bit more intelligent. One could behave extremely suspicious, like entering the same room for 10 times without any specific reason, and the enemy just wouldn't mind. It's time for the game to take it to the next level and make the enemy more intelligent. I didn't have any conection issues. Fun game!"
,Recommended,236870,22594662,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,team frolic a,"If you've been waiting for a return to the golden days of Blood Money, buy this damn game. I don't particularly like the always-online aspects, but the gameplay is stellar. I'm literally only reviewing this because of the hordes of insane babies downvoting solely because of server issues. Yall know the game is good. ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,236870,22630783,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GypsyTricks,"Pros:-Great gameplay, you are encouraged to actually find hard ways to execute your murdering and not just go in with Silver Ballers blazing. If sneaking around finally bores you, pick up an axe and try to finish off a room full of guards swinging. Very satisfying skull-crushing fun. Well thought-through leveldesign.-The Challenge / Reward-system is a good motivator to keep playing the same level over and over. It actually changes things up. The ""oh no 1 level only, I'm a crybaby""-thing isn't really all that called for. Paying 12 euro for 30+ hours of gameplay isn't shabby at all. It's actually more than many ""full"" singleplayer-games.That said, if you can't stand doing the same mission differently many times, don't buy this game.-Good Looking! (Although poorly optimized!)Cons:-The always Online-crap. If I play for 8 hours I might be disconnected 2-4 times. It's not as horrible as other people say on here, the game auto-saves every 5-10 minutes and the disconnects doesn't happen THAT often. However, I still consider this a MAJOR drawback since I really believe game developers ought to know better than this. It's a stupid f*cking idea.-I have to say it again - poorly optimized. It looks good af but not so much when I have to play on low settings for a decent framerate. Lucky the people with monster hardware.. :)-Although it's not THAT big of a deal waiting between episodes (I mean cmon guys, just play another game when you're done with a level?) I still think it would've been way better to wait with the release of the game and released it in full.Maybe just release the first episode by itself a month prior to the release of EVERYTHING ELSE. It would've been like, ""Hey,try this game before you buy but also don't be a pirate!"" - like, f*ck yeah? right?Now instead it's this. Not horrific, but not good either.Atleast they priced the separate pieces and the upgrade-pack the same. That's something."
76561198053250445,Recommended,236870,23323776,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,"prosgood graphics visuals,games has gone back to its roots,consthe ai are very generic no real wow factor same weapons an the iq of the returns section of pc world,maps are huge potential is huge actual use of potential is small very small,its good but could have been great with the smallest touches wasted opertunity designers"
,Recommended,236870,24387465,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kuranghi,"I'm a long time fan of the Hitman franchise and this a great addition, after the not-so-good Absolution.Almost everything about this game is great, I love it, 10/10"
76561198142712627,Recommended,236870,23333220,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Faggot Panda,So ive been playing this game alot and i think its very fun and addicting. I love making my own contracts (check my contracts out ive made a full storyline) and i like the main contracts aswell. This is the perfect game for a earlier Hitman fan or people who like games were you have many options to complete your tasks. But honestly if you have been thinking about buying the game i would buy the full experience but if you dont belive this game is good then atleast try the intro pack.
76561197983049674,Recommended,236870,32885415,Posted: 27 June,all,Vulpes_Inculta,"It's an absolute travesty that Hitman 2016 has a lower user rating than Absolution. This game is like a million times better, a worthy successor to Blood Money and a true Hitman experience. AND it has the best mission in the franchise in Sapienza.Though, admittedly, the game has been held back by some shady practices like the puiblisher's decision to split it into 6 episodes/missions instead of 2 episodes containing 3 missions each (which was the original plan). But it's in the past now, Square Enix will no longer hold Hitman hostage, and the first season is currently available in all its glory and at a hefty discount."
,Recommended,236870,32775605,Posted: 25 June,all,Literal God Fishriot,Like: The game is dope.Dislike: Nothing
76561197995959520,Not Recommended,236870,29993094,Posted: 17 February,all,Cleaner,"Pretty solid stealth game. DLC maps are nice too. Overall a good deal.However, the drm system used for this single player game is so awful that it gets a thumb down."
,Recommended,236870,23307026,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Yawnstar,"I've been a fan of Hitman since the beginning and the games have grown into a well thought out and deep thinking experience. I thoroughly enjoyed this title albeit not a complete game, but I invested in it knowing it would be episodic.I've already purchased the full game because I enjoy the franchise and I want more. If this is the standard the future chapters provide, I've no doubt my money was well spent. A Hitman game is an experience not many games provide. The opening training area with its multi-tiered ways of assassination can compete with full priced games. There are many people complaining on the periodic system of releasing a new Hitman game, but as the locations are so huge, and there are infinite count of possibilities, you have a month to play locations (beside that developers feed you with new mission) before starting a next one. And the month is even not enough to walk through it fully."
,Recommended,236870,24421568,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ur mum,"This is certainly way better than Absolution. I see many people complaining about the fact that this game is episodic but i dont think it really matters because every episode has so many things to do, maps are big and open, there are multiple escalation missions, you can complete everything the way you want and user created contracts are just as enjoyable as the main missions. Also the online drm can be a pain, but if you have good internet it's not a problem.Some pros and cons:Cons:-Always online drm-Not very well optimized-Can be quite frustrating every now and then-Weapons are pretty much useless since they are so loud,only good weapons are silenced pistol and sniper rifle-Bugs n' glitchesPros:-Gameplay is really rewarding and enjoyable-Amazing graphics-Smart AI (for most of the time)-Good controls-Level design is relly nice-Well made missions and story-Open levels and playstyles-It feels generally good to playI would recommend this game to anyone who has decent internet connection and powerful computer."
,Recommended,236870,24487253,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,cyberspacecat,"The new entry to the Hitman series is a welcome one, bringing back the openmaps and multitudes of opportunities from favourites like Blood Money.Those disappointed with Absolution will find themselves pleased with howthey've approached their ""reboot"" title.While met with much criticism, the new experimental release model is a muchbetter addition to the series than it first seemed, it fits well with the game's map basedmission structure, and keeps the game fresh with weekly targets, bonus missions, andthe exciting addition of ""Elusive Targets"", which are timed contracts with a one-try-onlysort of approach, the perfect challenge for a seasoned Hitman player.There are only three episodes out at the time of this review, with a planned releaseof seven in total, but there's enough varied content and complexity to the maps thatit'll keep you revisiting them for weeks.This is a great entry for both new and old fans, whether you want to go in without anyguidance, or if you want a little push in the right direction.I would definitely recommend giving this game a shot."
,Recommended,236870,23395089,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ROBXV,Hitman forever. Way better then crappy absolution wich was no real hitman game tbh.
,Recommended,236870,32884464,Posted: 27 June,all,deanxvii,I've been having alot of fun in this game. so yea i recommend it
,Recommended,236870,23608710,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,warthunderzeus,"Probably one of the best assasination games.Cool graphics and awsome stories,it's soo addictive. Although it may be expensive it is totally worth it for people who love assasination games."
76561198129765148,Recommended,236870,23608034,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,tankooo,well don't get those who cry about  online ... if you want it to be off line get it for free and cracked
,Recommended,236870,26835232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bert,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTejJsyXAoE&feature=youtu.be
76561198047280222,Not Recommended,236870,25575075,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Azazel,"It is rather bad on NVIDIA GPUs, compared to AMDs, which is not very fair.And the always online $hift needs to stop, seriously.P.S. At least no microtransactions, thank god for another day without microtransactions.As for the game itself, it is rather repetitive, and Elusive Contracts don't help in any way, cause they work against being creative.Maybe it's not bad, but grinding the levels for extra weapons and items is making my a$$ very hot."
,Recommended,236870,25897579,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gray ☭,"Hitman™ is a return from Absolution to a different type of approach and in turn, makes the game feel very Blood Moneyish. By this, I mean, the levels feel a lot more sandboxy - there's tonnes of different ways in order to take down your targets (or whoever you want, really) and you're given additional choices to approach the level again with the introduction of ""mastery"", which allows you to chose where you spawn, what with, where drops are, etc. You gain mastery via completing challenges, which means whilst a single level can be completed in an hour, to truely ""complete"" it, you're talking about hours on hours..Whilst instinct is back, it's tweaked a little and you can just turn it off to make the game more like the traditional games if you don't need your hand held, or you can tweak it to fit how you'd like.There's not a lot of levels by themselves, but, as I said, the levels that are here are densely packed with♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. I like this. I might have paid too much at retail, but, I'm getting enjoyment out of it."
76561198044711895,Recommended,236870,22664714,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,psycho_hamster1,Hitman
76561197988304909,Recommended,236870,23661718,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,$un$et_157,Best Hitman you will ever played just...need some patience
,Recommended,236870,22422688,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,K,"Regardless of those DRM and connection hype, this game is solid.Good game!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21772823,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Eorekan,Always online(insult) and horrible performance. I have an r9 390 and I get 20-30 fps everywhere. And the game looks pretty ugly with this perdormance. I don't recommend buying this game.
,Not Recommended,236870,21772783,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,deathsubtractor,"Good game Plays Well with updated drivers. I run a I7-4790, with a gtx 980 classified witih 16gb of ram.If I run the game in DX12 mode though as soon as I walk on the ship in the tutorial missions the game freezes everytime.I recommend playing it in DX11 mode and it runs fine for me.Other than that issue. Game disconnects from the game server and kicks you out of the game. I think the episodic content thing is bologna I shouldnt have to wait all year to play a full game. All and all wait for all the content to come out before getting this. You will more than likely get it cheaper when it all releases. I personally dont recommend buying this right now."
76561197967245932,Not Recommended,236870,21773524,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Raxxa,Fun but need a lot more missions
,Not Recommended,236870,21774731,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,EXIF,Save your money.. no content. This episodice way of releasing content is terrible
76561197964881567,Not Recommended,236870,21813281,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tips Fedora,"DONT BUY THIS GAME! Always online DRM for a singleplayer game that only has 1 actual level and 2 ""Training"" levels. If you are going to buy this game only play for 90 minutes and then get a refund and go watch the rest of it on youtube."
76561197969477816,Not Recommended,236870,21772919,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tenks,"Unplayable in it's current state, Arkham Knight 2.0?Game won't start for me in DX11 mode, and freezes after a few minutes on DX12 mode. Save your money and wait for patches.Refunded.I5 4670K980 TIWin 10"
76561198020068664,Not Recommended,236870,21774440,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AK Ichy47z,For me this game is kinda poor for the £39.99 pay this is what i have a so far..-Cutscenes in game bug out with audio-One story mission in the game so come back and wait monthly to play story-It's £39.99 for a main menu and 1 story mission-Graphics locked off-Feels like im playing a beta not a full game
76561198018543249,Recommended,236870,21843309,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,✞ ZealoinNOR - theGOAT ✞,As an old school Hitman fan i absolutely love it!
76561198140003618,Not Recommended,236870,22308419,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,The PB Stuck in Your Mouth,"I enjoy Hitman. No question about that. The Paris mission was most certainly enjoyable. However, this game has only 6 missions in total, and costs $60. Hitman Absolution had 20. You do the math. The missions in this game cost a little over 3x as much as those in Absolution. I understand a large part of this game is aiming for replayability value, however Absolution had that also, without sacrificing content. I also felt that the missions in Absolution were more difficult and of greater length.Long and short? I dont feel this game is a game. More of an Absolution Expansion Pack."
76561198119642680,Recommended,236870,22976734,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Г𝓚𝓾𝓻𝓲𝔂𝓪𝓶𝓪𝓜𝓪𝓻𝓲」 trade bot,"There are quite a few negative review and I totally understand that. This game is badly optimised and has a poor client-server design. The reason I'm giving a positive review is only because its game content. I've spent more than 60 hours since I purchased it (prologue + chapter 1 + chapter 2). And I enjoyed it very much except those bugs everybody else is reporting. I would expect it's going to take 150+ hours for the complete story so I think it's well worth the money. And thanks to the episodic release, I have the chance to fully replay all the possible ways of assassination.The dev team is really slow in terms of improving the game experience and providing contents. They didn't patch bugs in time, although they've done a lot of bug fixing work since the game was released. And there are still quite a few of them out there especially the challenge unlocking system. They sort of got around the bug but it's just not fixed, which is the most annoying thing. The elusive target is delayed for two months and we don't know whether they are going to stick to the original plans of one episode per month."
76561198079037840,Recommended,236870,22609266,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,^4G^9HOST96,coooooooooooooooool
76561198234052924,Recommended,236870,23667373,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Niceone ✌,"Beatyful  graphics ,  good  gamplay   ,reccoment  it  do  all  hitman  fans   10/10"
,Recommended,236870,23674773,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,tctimmeh,"This game crashes constantly, the AI bugs out and gets stuck, the interface is fiddly and the performance brings my 970 to a crawl.BUT it is also theMOST FUNI have had with a video game in a long time. I normally hate repeating the same missions over and over again in any game but something about the puzzle solving of having to figure out how to accomplish each challenge keeps the environments and characters fresh and exciting. Can't wait for more episodes!"
76561197966741099,Recommended,236870,23704425,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lobo DBB,"This is an updated review for this game. Not that I've reviewed it before but many of the reviews here are before some of the updates. This review will be only for the first episode and I will be as honest as possible. As you can see I've played 12 hours or so of this game and you must be thinking ""Seriously? 12 hours on one level?"" YES. 12 HOURS ON ONE ♥♥♥♥ING LEVEL. Not because I forgot it on, not because it was laggy, not because it kept trying to connect to its DRM B.S. (I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE DRM, I don't even know how I play WoW sometimes) and after 12 hours I can surely tell you that I'm not even done yet. If you are a Hitman fan, a TRUE Hitman fan, you know those fans that plan out everything or improvise through the map, you will fall in love with this first episode. I remember playing the first hitman game and thinking ""wow, I love how strategic this game is"" and hitman 2 was a dream since it improved the controls completely! This game has it's flaws but I am free to plan, to think and to execute my objectives in any way possible and you know what the best part is? There isn't one waiter in the game that tells me that I can't be somewhere when I'm wearing a ♥♥♥♥ing guard uniform. ""♥♥♥♥♥ you don't tell me what to do, I OWN you!"". I'm not going to get into specifics about gameplay because I want you to experience this like I did. I bought the first episode without looking at reviews and just played and if you can't afford to then find a friend who has the game and try it on their account because there is so much to do on the first mission, especially with the escalation mode which is just awesome, that you'll feel impressed with the details. This is a buy in my opinion and I think everyone should give it a try. If you bought it at launch I suggest you give it another chance if you haven't already. I'm sorry for the long disorganized review. Have a nice day and go ♥♥♥♥ yourself :)"
,Not Recommended,236870,21884409,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,SIMPLY AUSTIN,"Buggy, unfinished pile of CRAP!  I tested this on 3 of my mid to high end PCs and each one encountered bug after bug.  Its taken me nearly a week to get this game to boot!This sums up everything wrong with the gaming industry today... EVERTYTHING!  Take your crap game, milking a franchise for every penny.... and stick it up your♥♥♥♥♥!!For a full review of what happens, check it out for yourself.....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HrMyimn2fs"
,Not Recommended,236870,21771536,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Darth Nihilus,"Game runs great but unless im an idiot I could not for the life of me find the quit game button.  its gorgeous the girl narrators voice is hot and i really like the weapon control and use.EDIT - I changed it to a negative when I saw that apparently even though I purchased the $60 version of this game I am not entitled to the paris mission and there is the word ""PURCHASE"" all over the menu for missions and♥♥♥♥♥♥that I cant access despite paying $60 ♥♥♥♥ing already.  w.t.f."
76561198066554242,Not Recommended,236870,21775744,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,[CW] Odin The Wanderer,Here is a recent update on my review:)♥♥♥♥ you Hitman. you ♥♥♥♥ing suck with the elusive targets. almost every time i have run them the game crashes and it makes me fail the entire mission. oh and thanks producers of hitman for not comming out with a retry even though you promised a patch would come out giving new players a chance to the new content. a good idea and makes for fun adreniline but come on we pay $60 for a game and you hold back on features and missions. so really ♥♥♥♥ any games you mak Square Enix you have lost all my faith and im very dissapointed in what you have brought into the next gaming generation..P.S. ♥♥♥♥ you president of Hitman.... ♥♥♥♥ youGame runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumpy all the time sound cuts out and graphics are not really that impressive at all. im running a high end alienware laptop so mabye the issue is with a card update the game needs to come out with. all in all this game is no where near finished and is worst off than some early access games i play. Oh and I almost forgot. the game comes with 1 ♥♥♥♥ing level with 1 ♥♥♥♥ing mission. this game should have been released next year when its finished and all the bugs are fixed in in. it has the potential to be a great game but right now its just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy now wait for it to go on sale.
,Recommended,236870,29607650,Posted: 31 January,all,deadearth,"My GOTY for 2016, an excellent stealth game with many sandboxes to play (and kill) in."
76561198060853489,Not Recommended,236870,21799524,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,HumanLeatherShoesForCrocodile,Can't load any mission!
,Not Recommended,236870,22207696,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dwoooooo,Gameplay is solid but there is only one story mission.Have to wait months for more content. Not worth the money right now.
,Recommended,236870,22666154,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CopyPaste,"Overall this game is really fun and worth a buy in my opinion.They have fixed most the issues, and of course the common issue where you had to be online to play or else it would send you to the main menu.It feels just like the other Hitman classics but extremly improved.Pros:- Great Graphics- Difficult Levels- Replayablity- Quick Autosaves- Inhanced AI'sCons:- Could of optimized better for lower grade PC&GFX Cards- The process of waiting for a new level/Episode is a bit long"
76561197991740775,Recommended,236870,23322321,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Justice238,"Sucks that it is episodic, and that alone ALMOST deserves a negitive review in and of itself. But I completely understand the reasoning behind it and I get why the devs went with it.Either way, this is a badass stealth game. Whether you use disguises, or use the suit and do some solo infiltrations and only kill targets, this game is a TON of fun to play and has loads of replayability. So it gets a positive review from me, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys tactical/steath/infiltation game types. 7.9/10"
,Recommended,236870,26707561,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,XIV,"Best version of Hitman since the original, and this is exactly how episodic releases should be done. Best game of 2016, easily."
76561198091221641,Recommended,236870,22789385,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bluebirdchris,"This is a very good hitman game. At first i have some internet problem but now is very good. I love the big map and there will be a lot of fun playing other player contract. It is ok for replay and replay the same map because i play the China town in absolution about 100 time. I hope everyone can play happy, give good review, and they will keep make more maps. I hope they can add more poison item, like make the target crazy and shoot buy bodyG, or some poison that only effect for 30 second then he will get up and dont left the body, or a very good drinks that will make them keep drinking. like starbucks or nice wine........"
76561198008838658,Recommended,236870,22656561,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Wolfsnake07,In the first week this game had many problems but now it's playing smoothlyYou can now play offlineThe gameplay is very good it's like ''Blood money'' but with bigger maps and a variety of oportunities.The only thing that i don't like is the game being episodic.Graphics are totally amazing!!
,Recommended,236870,22660735,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,fir3e`,"I think this is the best Hitman game so far. The only negative thing is that you have to wait for the rest of the game, but the replayability and the escalation missions make the wait easier. When I started the game I was a mediocore hitman, but after playing most of the challanges I've become a Silent Assassin and I'm looking forward to play the later maps.Also if you don't like the game you don't have to spend a full game price on it, because you can buy only the intro pack to try the game and decide for yourself, if it's worth your time and money."
,Not Recommended,236870,30174356,Posted: 25 February,all,Price,The level design is great and there is plenty of details that you can find when you're walking in the environment but in reality the game is really repetitive and short. I'm mixed but I choose to not recommand this game as the result of the price of each episode. Might be better if he was cheaper.
76561198066925708,Recommended,236870,22573256,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FlyingNoodle95,"A souless, shameless repackaging of Absolution's engine with specks of Blood Moneyesque traits.Nothing new is added to these games other than making it non-linear which it should've always been anyway so IO interactive shouldn't be congratulating themselves for that. All they worked on was map design and a new look for 47. Utterly pathetic to see how much of the animations they've reused from absolution as well. How about a more creative combat system rather than the same thing over and over and over again, i want to smack their head on a wall or grab an object and smack them mid-quicktime fight. This is 2016 and I have to say I find it ridiculous that this game falls so far below the standards of improvement that other games have been held to.The game misses so many of the flourishes which made Blood Money a literal work of art. there are hardly any mysteries left to the player after doing the map about 4-6 times which happens to take about less than half an hour to achieve. Also logistics, WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ ISN'T THERE A GARROTE FROM BEHIND THE SEAT ANIMATION??? You literally showed the celloist i always used to do that to so YOU KNOW IT EXISTED BUT CHOSE TO IGNORE it. One of my favourite things to do was to set up the sniper when it was in the suitcase, imagine how cool that would look with this generation's graphics? But no, apparently IO interactive thinks the only thing we didn't like about absolution was the fact it was linear and that they could get away with minimal effort.Now to answer a really obvious question. 'You recommend the game... yet your review is just plain negative' to which I say fair enough. It's not really clear but essentially I say this because the series is too good as a whole to abandon them now. It's not that this is necessarily a bad game on it's own, it's just A REALLY BAD ADDITION TO AN AMAZING SERIES and as such it should be held to a higher standard.Bottom line is this game had and still has so much potential and as unlikely as they are to redesign it now at my behest I would still say support these guys so they meay have a better, more intelligent and dignified attempt next time round because yes Blood money was that good.P.S I will come back to this review 'episodically' because ♥♥♥♥ you if they can do it then so can I."
,Recommended,236870,23359071,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Shaolin,One of my favorite Hitman games......we just need more missions
,Recommended,236870,27138137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DaNGeR GaMeR 🎩🎮,"This game was one of my childhood times on the PS2 and this version brought me back to what i missed.Pros.1) Veraity style in assassinating targets.2) Some many challanges to enjoy if you finished the game.3) You can make a contracts or i.e a mission to share with people.4) The elusive targets and this is an amazing add you will only get this target one time and it won't come again forever.Cons.1) When you play mission after mission you feel boring because there is no action in some kind of missions you kill and exit kill and exit.2) i still didn't make this thing but i am guessing after you finish everything you will not have anything to do you will just wait for any new elusive to come and that's it.I guess this is everything i have for now if i have anything new i will hopefully add it to the reviewAt the end i recommend the game for anyone has played Hitman long time ago he will enjoy this one for sure, but it won't be a long enjoyment"
,Recommended,236870,21913109,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Skip Pebbles,"I was really looking forward to paying $60, or even $70 to play this, even though it's a lot it's worth it for a complete new Hitman game. But instead we were given one mission, for the price of $17.99. The game is very fun, a bit better quality than the last Hitman, but it only has one real mission. I do suggest this game but in the future, when it's complete. I mean, come on Hitman."
,Not Recommended,236870,21825575,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Erdo4,"Broken DX 12, Memory leak, performance issues, Poor optimization... I don't even include the episodic system.. This game is a total scam! With 980 Ti, running it on High with 55-60 Fps.. Are you kidding me?And a big thing is NO SLI SUPPORT !"
76561198113903189,Not Recommended,236870,21781738,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,...,Square Enix ruined my weekend :v
,Not Recommended,236870,21808652,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mdn,"I love Hitman, dont get me wrong. The game would totally be great if it had no bugs. But unfortunately, even when Im not seen at all, sometimes someone ""witnesses"" the crime due to some bug, it tells me I've been noticed, etc. Even though I dont really get spotted and I can still walk around without guards doing anything to me. I've tried doing the same run like 10 times and every time bugs trigger randomly, sometimes on Novikov, sometimes on the other target. It gets so annoying that its not possible to try and do accomplishments like SASO anymore."
76561198072849326,Recommended,236870,21917756,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,VIVΛ,"Despite the fact that it is CONSTANTLY OFFLINE (pls fix) and that it is ♥♥♥♥ing episodic,  I think the core Hitman Gameplay features are incredible. The game goes back to its roots and it styilises the beauty of Blood Money. The Game is good. Dont let anyone tell you otherwise. Unless they mention how its in episodes (COS THATS DUMB!)"
,Recommended,236870,28010789,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bandoper,"When I first heard that new Hitman game was going to be episodic, I thought to myself  ‘It is just piece of sh*t idea I’ve ever seen in my life.’ Then, the game came out I watched its’ videos, read reviews but didn’t buy it. Because, I only buy episodic games when all of the episodes come out and the game is very expensive in my lovely country where there is a luxury tax for games. I bought the game in autumn sales and well the game is so amazing that I can’t stop telling people how good this game is. I realized that why they decided to make the game episodic. Every single map is huge, very detailed and I don’t only talk about the details which help to kill the targets. In Paris map, a model and a security officer love each other, they talk secretly because a model doesn’t want this to be heard because he is a security officer. I know she is a superficial individual. (I said ‘individual’ because I don’t want to be banned and I don’t want to trigger someone you know everyone is getting triggered nowadays). I have to say that I don’t usually play episodes more than once except the ones have multiple endings but I do want to kill the targets in every possible ways so I don’t pass a map without getting everything done. In addition, the challenges are very good and fun. I think Absolution is not a good game and its challenges are stupid. If you want to complete them you have to have every weapon in the mission but it doesn’t make sense. Besides, when you wear some uniform let’s say a police uniform, every police officers in the map start to suspect. I said ‘it is okey they are cop and they can know each other’ but every shopkeeper know each other even in some mission you wear a hazmat suit covering every part of your body but other people who wear it star to suspect, WTF. They have fixed this, only chiefs, supervisors can suspect when you wear same uniforms. Some players complain about the opportunities which show everything that is necessary to complete the mission. However, you can make them off in the settings and there are many ways to kill that the game doesn’t indicate. By the way, finally you can save manually which is lacking in Absolution."
76561198092967252,Not Recommended,236870,33239974,Posted: 4 July,all,Malfice,"I'd love to see more hitman games but this game is not that good.The episodic nature has a negative impact on the game and there is no sense of progression. You do not upgrade weapons, you do not carry weapons over from mission to mission. No, what you do is repeat missions over and over again to unlock new ways to complete the same mission. It's crap compared to the freedom the previous games gave you. The missions are incredibly easy and the game holds your hand through everything completely eliminating the potential of finding anything on your own or  any sense of accomplishment. The instinct skill is an example of this; basically you can see through walls and always know where the target is, The other thing is the opportunity system which also holds your hand rather than letting you find things on your own. these two things completely destroy most of the gameplay and challenge that previous titles have had. The interface is clumsy and unnecessarily complicated. You can not change weapons without first pausing the game rather than just cycling through your items with the mouse wheel or a hotkey. Same with the map, access the menu then select the map rather than just push 'm'. Overall this is a game that lacks polish and lacks most of the elements that made the original games fun. It's a step in the right direction but it's hard to figure out how a formula that should have been simple keeps getting hosed. It's like they're afraid to make a game that has any element of challenge to it."
,Recommended,236870,26348469,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,gatoTon,"The best Hitman so farThe only problem is the online only, everything else is perfect"
76561198293059364,Recommended,236870,23343415,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HamleyST,"HITMAN 2016 Is a great game,just like the other hitman games,but it's episodic."
,Not Recommended,236870,21777472,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alex,"I think i am litterally the only person who ever played hitman in first person...first person made blood money imo.besides that. i think the real reaosn they have made this a internet only game, is to avoid cracks.and they release each episode a month apart because of that aswell. to maximise profits, yet i think these bull♥♥♥♥♥♥antics they play are going to destroy the franchise."
,Not Recommended,236870,24429165,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Diogenes,"I have supported Hitman since the days of Blood Money.  However, the current Hitman, is not quite Hitman Blood Money yet, but it is getting there.Whilst I enjoy the game at the minute, for what it is, considering that a majority of the content has yet to be delivered into the domains of the mass market, I do not agree with some of the business decisions which have been made by IOI.  Namely, to give the bonus missions to owners of ""The Full Experience pack"", and ""Upgrade Pack"", but not to people who have purchased ""The Starter Pack"", which means that the consumers of ""The Starter Pack"" either have to refund content, or purchase ""The Upgrade Pack"", which in turn means that they have to spend even more money in that instance and have to purchase content that they may already own a copy of, in order to unlock the extra content.Furthermore, this decision has driven a dividing line between the members of the community, which now feels like a hostile environment resulting in community members being at each others throats when we should all be working together, for the common good.  I cannot help but feel that IO Interactive should have focused on solving issues such as equality, on creating a sense of community, and shared values, for the greater good of both the community, the product, and the business rather than putting barriers such as this in place, which is what they have done, however inadvertently or otherwise, by making this decision.In that sense, I can recommend Hitman, but I cannot recommend IO Interactive, so I am torn between what to do, since, by default, if I support Hitman, I support IO Interactive and their, to be frank, rather idiotic business decisions, since neither entity can be extrapolated from the other.Finally, I have found that Hitman is a solid product, despite containing DRM, and the game itself performs admirably, for me at least.  The levels are enjoyable, whilst at the same time being quite vibrant and quite large.  However, I feel that the business has made a bad decision in the marketing of this product and how it, and the business, relates to the customer.Hitman 8 out of 10.IO Interactive 3 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,236870,24707212,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Goldenstalion,"Full experience purchaser.Player since Blood Money.The maps are great. Lots of options and very pretty.The maps are horribly optimised. (GTX 1070, i7 4770k, 32GB DDR3 RAM)Can't keep solid 60fps.The game is constantly freezing on the 3rd mission.This isn't an episodic game. It's an unfinished game. It's early access.I'm sure I could easily recommend it once it's complete.As for now.No."
,Not Recommended,236870,32793016,Posted: 25 June,all,Gopo™,"While the missions themselves are good, grinding challenges is not doing it at all for me so unfortunately I will have to give this a thumbs down. The game feels more like a set of tedious chores rather than anything else, so it's just not enjoyable."
,Recommended,236870,21866261,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Iron,"Can't get enough of it and excited for more. However, as it is currently, I cannot recommend this to anyone. Reasons being, there's only one actual mission out as of this review (more levels/missions/misc stuff to come once every month for however long), there are currently performance issues, and supposed network issues. I personally haven't had any network or server issues that 80% of the negative reviews complain about.If you do want to try it out, just pick up the Starter Pack and try that. And if you like it, well you can either buy the Upgrade Pack now or later. Or if you don't like the game, don't buy it. Simple."
,Recommended,236870,26713552,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TagMeisteR,Dressed up as a priest and killed people with circumsizion knife.
,Not Recommended,236870,21772148,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ϟϟPvt. Ryanϟϟ,"Episodic release was such a terrible choice for the HITMAN franchise, the Paris mission was fun, and there are tons of ways to assassinate your target, and different disguises which allow you to perform special activities providing for tons of replayability of a single mission, and really makes User-Created contracts a good challenge and always unique.Performance wise I was fine, definitly notice some FPS drops, other than that it went pretty smooth for me.Was this mission worth the $15, sure. But if you can hold out till the full release. Do that.Only reason I do not recommend it, is because I feel episodic games really kill the vibe and flow when trying to immerse you as the Hitman. After completing Paris full stealth and only using lethal methods on my target I was ready to jump into the next mission, but unfortunately I'll have to wait until next month.EDIT: They really need to upgrade Contracts Mode. I just spent an hour finding hard to reach targets in Agent 47's suit in-doors, and kill each one with a sniper rifle. After losing connection to the server I get booted out to the main menu, and while creating a contract you cannot save. So I just re-did the entire contract and performed all my target kills in 47's suit, with a sniper rifle (my assumption was this would make it very difficult to complete my contract). Then I look at it when I'm done and wearing 47's suit is OPTIONAL, and it doesn't require the kills to use the sniper, it just says Fire-arm kill not what specific weapon. The whole point of attempting with the Sniper was it is hard to sneak your way in with a rifle on your back, but hey you can just use a pistol so why even bother.What a great system."
,Recommended,236870,25024813,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Axon,"A Phenom Among the Stealth GenreHitman Absolution to me wasn't a great game and after hearing the announcement for another Hitman game I really wasn't as excited as I was for previous Hitman games. Also after looking at the reviews of the game my first impression of Hitman was really a poor first impression, Online DRM? Episodic Releases? These aren't very good ideas?! I was wrong on the episodic release part. Episodic releases gave IO-Interactive the ability to really focus on a single area of the game at a time and really master each destination. So far every destination i've visted has been fantastic! Especially Italy and Bangkok. Originally I had no intentions of purchasing Hitman and finally I decided to give it a chance, and i'm glad I did and here's why.GameplayThe gameplay of this Hitman is by far the least clunky, and most realistic Hitman to date. The AI in the game is very smart compared to many other games in the stealth genre. The AI can become suspicious very quickly over small details like crouching or standing in a place watching an event happen too long, and the AI will follow you until you successfully lose them or until they apprehend you. Once you've been apprehended the rest of the AI will search for you and your mission is basically compromised. Another great addition to Hitman that wasn't in the past Hitman games was saving at anytime and loading back your saves from any point. Another outstanding aspect of the game is replayability. This game has so many different options and choices on how to take your target out from taking your target out from a distance, to getting close and using the fibre wire or silverballer, poisoning them, or even making their death look like an accident. This game has been a pleasant surprise and i'm very glad I invested in the Full Experience, its much more efficient to purchase the Full Experience rather than episodically, their has been many complaints about buying the game episodically.StoryLike previous Hitman games you play Agent 47 tasked with objectives to take out various targets in various locations all over the world, This game has missions and contracts, but also unlike any other Hitman games you have the option to explore destinations that are purchased in each episode. The story is a solid experience with lots of replayability and is faithful to the original Hitman games.GraphicsThe visuals in this game are stunning, with DirectX 11 and 12 compatability! The graphics in this game can compete head to head with any other game currently out with little to no stutters or performance problems, i've had 60 fps constant with no frame drops and the game looks fantastic especially in places like Italy and Bangkok.Is it worth the price?Hell yeah! This game has so much replay value in it that the full price of $60 is well worth the price of this game, each level has over 40 challenges that you can achieve by completing the challenges these challenges include ways to kill your target, how you enter the targets building, and how you escape, and complete the level unseen.Gameplay: 9Graphics: 9Replayability: 9Soundtrack: 8Story: 7Overall: 8.4Definitely give this game a chance, this game is an impressive game with many hours of replay value and story.P.S: Recomendations for the Developers1. Optimize. Speed up the game menu, it takes almost 30 seconds to load the Gear, Planning, and Save/Load option.2 .Create a showcase area and shooting range/testing area, the old Hitman games had this and I really miss it.3. More clothes, gear, weapons, upgrades, and attachments for my weapons, I feel like Hitman is lacking in terms of customization and weapon variety.4. First Person. I know the older hitman games had the option for first person, I think at some point IO-Interactive should look into adding the ability to go into first person.5. Sandbox. This would be seperate from the story, but look into building even larger worlds, city sized worlds with random scripted events, places like skyscrapers where you can snipe your targets, with hundreds of things to do whether it's exploring, or doing contracts. The option to get contracts while roaming the city, and areas where you can get agency drops, or purchase upgrades and stuff. I think this would be a great idea for lots of replayability. This game would never run out of things to do.I may get a little flak for this, but I personally think the sandbox addition would make for an awesome unique addition to the Hitman series."
,Recommended,236870,28003584,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Milkyshutter,"TL:DR I think this is the best game I played in 2016. Buy it now when it is on sale. This is a steal. Buy it at a full price if it is not on sale. It is still worth every penny.Hitman is a fantastic game. After MGS5 last year, I wasn't able to find something as good as that one this year. Hitman  is challenging and has multiple path to success and also humourous. You can see that there has been a lot of love and care were put into the game, and it does not feel shallow. Also, it has excellent replayability and I have played different levels multiple time. The elusive target is a bonus on top of that."
,Recommended,236870,26972191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kawasaki Teriyaki Anarchy,"Reading the other steam reviews at first I was really put off by this game, in fact for months I was put off and that sucks because I love the hitman franchise!Anyway saw the game was on sale for $30 and had to go for it and it was one of the best decisions I've made in terms of buying a game. I absolutely love this game, It honestly feels like blood money 2, this  game is the game that absolution failed to be, this is it fellas! If you're a fan of the hitman series at all you best buy this game now while its 50% off because you won't get a better deal, this is a total steal!In terms of optimization I've had no real problems at all, game runs smooth as, the DRM while I don't agree with it, hasn't really affected my experience and the servers haven't gone down on me so thats good. The only problem I have with this game is the episodic release which while a season 2 is coming out this is essentially the full game so once again: its not a problem and I would have no problem paying for a season 2 as it is extra content to this brillant game!So in terms of actual gameplay, you're a hitman who kills for money however you don't get the money, you have to replay levels in order to get new items, weapons and starting locations which encourges replayability of which this game has a lot of! You can kill your targets in up to 20 or more different ways on every level and you are given these beautiful large open worlds on each level to do so. its simply just amazing the amount of details that have gone into the environments and level deisign from a large fashion show in Pairs to the quite streets of Sapienza, its all simply just beautiful.I really only have one gripe with this game and that is the lame voice acting decisions and while the voice acting itself is great, it can be repetetive and out of place at times. I mean this as you'll be walking the streets of Marrakesh or Sapienza and everyone is speaking with clear english, british or american accents and the guards all sound like US marines. Its absolutely ridiculous the amount of reused lines and lack of voice actors for every level like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ why does this middle eastern man sound like a young american man in his 20s?!In terms of the levels, I only disliked one and that was Colorado, it encourged a different kinda splinter cell playstyle, I still got some enjoyment out of it however its definitely my least favourite of the game, all the other levels are brillant.The ai can be dumb sometimes but its not enough to ruin the experienceSo besides a few minor problems this a true hitman game and I recommend this to any lover of stealth. Hitman is my personal game of the year and Its a game I can see myself looking back on with nostalgia. 9/10"
,Recommended,236870,26726218,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Trivvy™,"A return to form after the Splinter Cell wannabe spin-off that was ""Absolution"". If you're a Hitman veteran and don't want all the easy-mode hand-holdy crap, then go to Options -> Gameplay, and turn off Instinct and Opportunities at the minimum, you can give yourself as many or few crutches as possible. Personally I run with just Instinct and Opportunities off and I'm having a blast.Some criticisms however:1. No safehouse.2. No suitcase.3. No carryable objects to conceal items/weaponry within.4. No dual silverballers.5. No body armour.6. Need to be online to complete challenges, with separate offline/online saves.7. Questionable performance on nVidia cards.8. The pricing system is outright anti-consumer.4 and 5 don't really bother me all that much, because I'm not a fan of the guns blazing approach, though I know plenty who find enjoyment in it, so giving 47 some survivability option + his signature dual wielding silverballers would be excellent.Despite some of these subtractions that were present in a previous title/titles, along with the annoying online system and performance issues, it's a solid Hitman game.For a bit more clarification on performance, I'm running a GTX 980 with an i7 3770K @ 4GHz on DX11 Windows 7. I get drops towards ~30 FPS when looking at large areas such as in Sapienza and Marrakesh. Apparently AMD users do not have these issues. The drops are only encountered in specific areas however, and do not bother me enough for me to stop playing the game.For the pricing system, it's not really a criticism of the game, but of Square Enix's practice here. If you buy the intro pack, and then the upgrade pack, you're going to be paying more than if you just bought the full thing outright. That, to me, is scummy.In conclusion, it's the Hitman game we've all been waiting for since post-Blood Money, I just wish IO Interactive could get away from Square Enix and keep the Hitman IP, and publish under someone who's not cancerous."
,Recommended,236870,27093362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tryler,"THE GOODMassive levels populated by hundreds of NPCsNearly limitless possibilities for how to stage--and then pull off--assassinationsTremendous replay valueScalable difficulty through options like Opportunities and InstinctTHE BADAnnoying online requirementAll the nice ideas included in the previous game are still here, but without the painful and inappropriate narrative arc or linear design.Disguises are back to being useful and I think their solution to this mechanic is the best it's ever been, both clear and challenging without forcing weird behaviours. Exceptional level design, decent AI behaviours including plenty of verbal warnings for minor transgressions before they gun you down.A true homage to the old Hitman games, and an amazing addition to the stealth-assassin genre. Very immersive and well done."
,Recommended,236870,27548620,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spuder,"The way this game is marketed is horrible , i bought it 50% off and its kid of worth it. Anyways selling each ♥♥♥♥ing mission as DLC is bad...About the game. Since every map is seperate dlc it is beautiful , many many options.Runs well im ,enjoying it.Buy only 50% off though."
,Recommended,236870,26822193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gortein,"While it does have fundamental issues with it's online-only DRM, the rest of the game is a massive step up (in my opinion) from Absolution, offering hours of replayability in gorgeous levels set across the globe.For the unfamiliar, the Htiman video games are stealth-action games in which you must assassinate targets. The well-crafted environments allow for numerous approaches to each level.As it stands, I would recommend Hitman 2016 to any fans of the stealth genre, as long as they have a stable internet connection and the game is on sale."
,Recommended,236870,32933930,Posted: 28 June,all,The Antichrist,"So much to do , levels are absoultley stunning, storys kinda interesting but its nothing to get excited over, gameplays great, the multiple ways you can kill a target are heavily creative, the design of characters is exceptional too, long playtime too. Some negatives include the fact some levels lack the quality others do and the story couldve been more engaging.The perfomance is great, in high population areas my bad cpu did suffer but overall i had a good and playable framerate despite my dated cpu."
,Recommended,236870,28071261,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,THOT_SLAYER,This game is melting my gpu and cpu all together. Worth it.
,Recommended,236870,28079602,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"This is the best Hitman game yet. Levels are huge and gorgeous and packed full of life. There are a multitide of ways to approach and take out your targets and the game is infinitely replayable as its stuffed full of contracts and allows for more to be created and downloaded. The mechanics of stealth and disguise are the best they've ever been in the series and a big step up from Absolution's messy systems. There's no linearity here, just big clockwork worlds that feel completely natural and look fantastic. Hitman also gives you lots of different goals and challenges to work towards as you learn the environments and how best to exploit the game's mechanics. If you're a fan of stealth games or any other title in the Hitman series I can't recommend this one enough."
,Recommended,236870,28088542,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pudgeinabowl,"No more online requirement (mostly), probably as good as a blood money with a 2016 coat of paint. Only 6 missions but they're pretty big and entertaining. Not worth full price or the episodic delivery, but %50 off for the whole game is definitely worth it."
76561198155184146,Not Recommended,236870,30144921,Posted: 24 February,all,你爹,Alow me to say that F word ! Chinese ! We need Chinese !!
,Recommended,236870,26704877,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Seagull,"I usually never write reviews, but seeing that this game is labeled ""mixed"", i decided to share how good this game is.PerformanceI own a pretty low end rig, i5 6600k gtx 950, and the performance for me is so so. I have like 2gb of video memory so it doesn't let me enable medium or high textures, but I was able to put level of detail on ultra, shadows on medium, and fxaa.The framerate was around 45 fps for the most part. It dipped to 30 in really wide open spaces, but it never went below 30.Overall it looks nice, and I dont mind the 45 fps range too much.GameplayThis is where the game really shines. Its sandbox approach gives so many approaches to missions and adds lots of replay value. If you don't like figureing how to do stuff, they have many assistance features such as ""xray vision"" and ""approaches (not the name cause i frgot it; this pretty much turns into a ""more linear game"" where they show you what to do to complete the mission [such as going here or taking the disguise]). Both of these features can be turned off if you want a harder challenge. The gameplay reminds me a lot of MGSV and AC (more of the former). It plops you down in the middle of a fairly big world and gives you a few VERY general objectives. Examples: Kill him or destroy the virus. This leaves so many possible ways to complete these. You can do a simple approach such as sneeking in and just shooting the target, or you can do something out of the box and make the target die by an exploding golf ball or an ejector seat. The overlying premise of the stealth in this game is the diguises. Once you take someone down, you can take thir outfit. which allows you to go to areas you normally wouldn't be able to go without being caught. However, its harer than just that. Certain people can see though your disguise if you get close to them, which makes them obstacles. Also you need certain disguises to go to certain areas: the house keppers cant go in the kitchen etc. This gameplay loop makes the moment to moment gameplay very interesting as you sneak inside places in plain site. The world themselves are also very explorable and you can go whereever you want to go in them.Business Model...This is the biggest complaint people have for the game. For me I honestly don't care, but for others its a deal breaker. The devs decided to make this game always online primarly to stop piracy (the devs posted some BS reason). The problem with this is that the servers occasionaly go down, and it makes it so you can't access your inventory in offline mode. Also when the servers are shut down, you wont be able to play again :(Some people hate the episodic nature of the game, some people like it. I LOVE IT. Instead of paying $30 for all the episodes, I only spent $17.50 for the ones I wanted to play. I suggest you do that two, as a few of the episodes aren't that good. I saved money woo hoo.Overall score: 9/10Great gamplay for cheap. I highly suggest this if you like stealth or sandbox games.If you like story driven games, than this isn't the game for you as the story just isn't there."
76561198055451039,Recommended,236870,32753123,Posted: 24 June,all,Kartoffel De Friet,Who knew that every single person in the world has an American or British accent!!
,Recommended,236870,27959449,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BirdOfPray,"After many speculations about game I believe this is the one of the best Hitman game in the series. Just like blood money this game gives you the chance to explore, plan & execute. The Only problem is the online requirement. If you do not have any connection it does feel empty cause it won't show you any stats and your saves will not work for online. Only bad part is game is really short. Like 6-7 episodes. Their aim is to make you achieve %100 perfection, They want you to discover every option. It's like a sandbox assassination game. As they say ""Welcome to The World Of Assassination"". I bought with Autumn Sale 2016 with %50. I say don't miss it if you catch a sale!"
,Recommended,236870,22690739,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sonkey,The game is amazing. It really has gone back to its roots and ten times better than absolution. There are tons of ways you can complete a level which makes the game replayable.
76561197984587791,Recommended,236870,22680928,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Noiser,"I love this game, it's open world non linear game play is what always kept me coming back to hitman. There are tons of ways to dispose of a target and you can do the missions quite a few times without it being mind numbing. The always online aspect is kind of lame but here's for good internets. The downfalls to this title hurt it a bit though; they must hire monkeys to optimize, never had a problem with Ep1 but the update was pretty brutal with the jarring frame rates. Also not huge on the episodic release, I'm an Old school gamer. You should be releasing patches not content unless it's a real expansion. I suggest waiting a day or 2 between releases so they can feed the monkeys and optimize. Can't wait for the rest of the game though, Asia will be dope."
76561198053162532,Recommended,236870,22682506,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,chefaj29,"I read the reviews before i baught it and  was leary of getting it. I've played the hitman series since the begining and was excited when they announced the launch. I can honestly say that this is the most versitile of all the hitman games, it gives you the opportunity to become your own assassin, giving you a wealth of opportunities, chalanges and weapons. the assecories that come hidden in the game waiting to be unlocked by levels of mastery are fantastic. i know most of the bad reviews on the game are for either the online server for the game or the fact that it hasn't  been released in its full content yet as they are still in the process of developing it. i can honestly say that it is worth the wait for the added missions with the size of the first two maps and their intricacy. as far as the online portion make sure you have a stable internet connection or that part will not function correctly not to mention the game has only been out for 2 months so let them get the bugs in the system fixed for the online portion. I havnt had any issues since 2 days after its release when the online server crashedPros:excelent graphicsdetailed mapsintricate scenarios with lots of hidden opportunitiesdetailed contracts with good backroundgood value for the contentsCons:requires stable connection to the internetOnline server is a bit buggy at timesrequires patience for added content yet to be released"
,Recommended,236870,22685759,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,K.Ev,"This is building to be the best hitman game yet. The levels are expansive. The variety of methods to succumb victims is enourmous, especially for a hitman game. The levels are looking great such as Sapienza which is an exceptionally beautiful level. For old school hitman lovers and newcomers Hitman™ is a game that everyone can enjoy. It's shown that the level designers and hitman team have taken two steps back from absolution to see what made the hitman franchise so great. With this game their vision is shown and I am looking forward to seeing and playing the further episodes when they are released.Long live hitman and hitmen."
,Recommended,236870,26964352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,multitrip,cool game!
76561198031521682,Not Recommended,236870,30286214,Posted: 2 March,all,Claudio Alejandro Izaguirre,"Great hitman game but i have many problems playing it with a slow connection, last hitman game i buy as long as they keep using this♥♥♥♥♥♥DRM."
,Not Recommended,236870,26223782,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ozzy,"Decent game, if you dismiss the greed of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If I buy 1 dlc and then want to upgrade in order to get bonus missions, these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will charge full price and won't give you 1 copy of dlc as a gift, what is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t???Additionally why do ICA weapons look like ♥♥♥♥ing toys? Whats with the baby blue? What's wrong with good old black???"
,Recommended,236870,26437807,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shini,Actually a proper sequel to Blood Money. The detail in every mission is brilliant. Played all the missions and I feel I got my moneys worth! (I bought the bundle since launch)
,Recommended,236870,32861796,Posted: 27 June,all,Dinoworld112,"I really like it runs butter smooth and the graphics are very nice I would even say it's on par with Hitman blood money but with more stuff, don't buy invidul episode buy it as a season."
,Recommended,236870,22095169,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cain,enter a world of♥♥♥♥
76561197978189899,Not Recommended,236870,23635823,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Brynmor,"Honestly I have mixed feelings about recommending this game.  While yes it does offer you all that is essential to 'Hitman' it has an overall feeling that it was 'cut and paste' or 'drag and drop' development on IO's part.The most recent Elusive Target, #4 'The Sensation' is my example for this:See Target at party.Target is drinking a Vodka, all other drinks are Wine.Walk up and Taint Targets Drink to lure him away.Spend 30 Real Time Minutes watching said Target NPC complete his scripted path over and over again....And Never Once Touch His Drink AGAIN!Why offer all these 'choices' to complete the mission when in this one simple instance you fail to test to ensure it would complete as designed.****Update July 2nd24 hours after the drop of the 5th Elusive Target.... just.... seriously IO / Square Enix....Waiting until the Target to finish before posting but.... WTF***Update July 2nd evening:Never mind, not waiting until the Elusive target ends on Monday - this company has screwed this game completely, no further episodes... the remainder to be released in late 2016?So the secret to the Elusive target #5 being so easy?Simple, he escapes when you trigger an alert with '3' bodyguards.  In the safe zone, ONE VANISHES/GLITCHES into non-existence at one point in time.  Furthermore, the target also walks back to his main spawn SLOWER than his guards.They just don't care anymore it seems.***Update October 30thSo to date we've had some improvement in the game.  More 'bio-diversity' in the guard skins for those maps outside of Europe and the US.The improvements started around Episode 3: A Gilded Cage (Marrakesh), with the latest two: Episode 4: Club 27 (Bangkok) and Episode 5: Freedom Fighters (Colorado), finally having that polished feel.Although, in the Colorado map they give themselves the leeway of using the guard skins from Episodes 1 and 2 (Paris and Sapienaz), by having an NPC mention that guards from that company were apart of their group.The story is where this is going to be key, as in Episode 5 we got some hints of where this is all going.One hopes they can tie this all together in the final 6th Episode set in Japan.***Final Update 11/3 - Episode 6 Hokkaido: Situs InversusPure Stealth Mission, only weapons you can obtain is either the one you choose to smuggle in or those you obtain from onsite resources.I will not spoil anything further, this was a very good level.  Reminded me of the 'Escape from the Chicago PD' chain from Absolution.I will however state that, with this last episode they have now branded the game -'The Complete First Season'.And with the ending, I can see why.  Sadly, I am unsure if this is because they want more money or if this is purely for the story.I will wager that those of us that bought 'The Complete First Season' will have to buy the full priced 'The Complete Second Season' as if this was a TaleTell game.For the price, wait until the Summer Steam Sale.I recommend the game, but not at this price and not in this delivery method of piece meal episodes."
,Recommended,236870,22705676,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Lambda,"Any reservations regarding always-online DRM aside, this game is so silly and serious at the same time that it's simply incredible."
76561198094300626,Recommended,236870,22723646,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,King Harald,"Great game, however the fact you have to wait for missions is a bit annoying, but they kinda make up for it, by makeing the missions so big, with so many different things (each time you take the mission you can complete it in a new way)."
,Recommended,236870,22705580,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Chilly,Really enjoyed first two episodes - although Im typically the worst assassin ever. But I stuck at it and got better and accomplished the goals. Can only run on medium setting but looks great. Looking forward to trying again with different methods and for the rest.
76561198064591374,Recommended,236870,22727283,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hamurai,"Dispite all of the negativity regarding the episodic nature, i quite like it. The fact that IO Entertainment takes time to really polish the level desing and compliment the creativity of the player is a really good thing.Pros:- excellent level desing- youre motivated to be creative with your kills, your opportunitys and your timing- my medium spec pc had almost no game crashes or connection issues- its back to the roots of being a sandbox puzzle game where your goal is to be creative with 'normal' itemsI CAME IN LIKE A CANNONBALL- great UI, but some controls are a bit odd, per example you cant change your weapon/item using mousewheel- This game makes you thinkCons:- too little level for the 50 bucks asked, but after playing sapienza, im really looking forward to the next levels and ideas- At time of writing i've played 15 hours and im done with the main missions, and only got escalations (missions where the difficulty hardens) left.Final thoughts:SInce only 2 episodes fully released im judging upon those two. Paris is a good starting level, though a lot of liniarity, something i personally think of as Meh. Sapienza is a beautiful town to live, play and kill and has ranked as an instant classic among all Hitman levels. The 2 training missions are completely skippable but i dont recommend to do that.ill give hitman a 6,8 out of 10. The lack of levels is the main part of this rating, though i am REALLY curious about whats to come. I personally like the episodic nature because of the love IO games is giving to HitmanSee this as an Early Access game, it makes the game so so so so so much better :)"
76561198087195928,Recommended,236870,22637486,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Waseem,"this game is pretty awesome with ALOT of diversity possible, alot of achievements and new content almost every week.and the episodes release is way too good, feels like a true hitman!i had one disconnection from the game while im in midplay in 60 hours gameplay, neglictable i would say.i read the reviews here before buying the game, not encouraging but i still bought it, and happy with that.no fps issuesi had dragging bodies bugs few times(even recently) but everything still managable.* sometimes i get disconnected from game while browsing leaderboards.devs doing good job in adressing and fixing bugs&improving UIgood job, reccomend :D"
,Recommended,236870,22706836,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,EzNiX,Good game.
,Recommended,236870,22655905,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ComMANder_007,"new episode looks awesome, but stutters like crazy and I have a pretty top end rig, waiting for patch"
,Recommended,236870,23149331,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"I think I'm a weirdo when it comes to how I entered into this game.You see I really didn't like Blood Money. I can acknowledge its a great game, but it was never a game I really jived with. The open ended nature of it was both the thing that originally drew me to Blood Money, but also the thing that eventually made me bounce off of it so hard. I felt like Blood Money had a best way to beat each level, and that by not knowing it the first time through I was missing out on HUGE swaths of the game that I'd never see again unless I played the game again and again.It's appropriate then I think that this game went episodic, and went kind of small bite at a time. I understand why a lot of people dislike that about this game, but I think it finally made me get how to play a Hitman game, going the first time through as sort of a trial run and then going back and doing it 'for real.' The fact that your score doesn't tie into a money system or overall progress or any sort of continuity in that regard then makes me more willing to play around, to explore, much the same way that the save system does (something I also bounced off of in Blood Money). This game seems like an assassination playroom, each map (and yes there is in fact only two so far) is HUGE and with so many people and things to interact with and ways to ♥♥♥♥ around with people, especially in the main game but even in the side hits and player made contracts.So yes, I too dislike the fact that its always online. I too think that in future releases, if they are to release things episodically they should do so all at once, allowing people to pick and choose how to pay for it instead of forcing people who want a full experience now to wait. I feel for people who are having bad bugs, but for me the worst I've seen is floating kitchen knives. But on the other hand you have this massive sandbox to play in, again and again with varying different challenges and player made targets to chose from, and its a wonderful experience. I can't speak for people who loved Blood Money, but as someone who always wished I liked Hitman more than I did, take it from me: This game will do you."
,Recommended,236870,22781940,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,chrisbro3,HITMAN plays a lot like Hitman Absolution which is an A+ game. I personally LOVE this game it plays smoothly and is just a ton of fun.  The Graphics look nice and the game play is fun.  If you loved Absolution then you will love HITMAN aswell.  One thing I will say though is that the game has to be played online unlike Absolution. You will have to have a decent router to play or you will crash. Other than this problem THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!9/10(:
,Not Recommended,236870,21785402,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Azmodii,"1 mission? This means that the beta's 3 missions (effectively 2 missions and the tutorial) is over 50% of the actual games content.Really?Not to mention the framerate issues (not present in beta), the forced online mode (not present in the beta), and an array of other problems.The beta had hope, it was a beta - it was expected to be short, have performance issues etc. Not the released game...No. Im getting a refund."
76561198107472751,Not Recommended,236870,24221957,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ScoutLXF,"This game has a ton of potental. Its a lot of fun to play, however, there are big issues that need to be fixed:Bugs: Expect for your game to freeze atleast once during a mission.Audio: The audio is completely screwed up. Sometimes voices will just vanish. Most of the time when characters are talking, it sounds like they are speaking through a horrible microphone system. This should be an easy fix and I am sad to see the developers were fine with publishing the game like this.Settings: baseline settings system; similar to a game from the early 90s. Basically no customazation options besides graphics. How about a setting for type of speaker system? (headphones, 2.1, 5.1, etc.)I would not reccomend this game until the developers do a full rehaul on this game and fix these huge issues."
76561197970562123,Recommended,236870,23221184,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,venzon,"I'm a long time fan of the Hitman franchise. I played and finished all of the games except Absolution, which turned me off with its silly checkpointing and more linear feeling maps.This new Hitman game is a huge return to form. It's great; possibly the best Hitman game yet. The levels are hugely complex clockwork masterpieces, like in the old games. A fully working save system is there if you want to use it, like in the old games.There are wonderful new additions, too: UI touches that help you understand who can see through your disguises, community-made contracts that add tons of replayability, and optional hints that walk you through some of the really fantastic stuff you can do in these levels.If you are a fan of the old Hitman games, just buy it. It's fantastic. Ingore the mixed steam reviews: those are from people who either don't appreciate this style of game, or have a silly philisophical grudge over DRM or video settings. Go read the reviews from episode 2."
,Recommended,236870,23243552,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,David,"Reaaally slow after you've finished the main missions, but I've always been a fan of the Hitman series so I can play missions over and over again."
,Recommended,236870,23235733,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Bob Benson,Go to settings and turn off everything including minimap and pretend this is a map-pack for Blood Money.GOTYAYEY
,Recommended,236870,29214310,Posted: 12 January,all,ReFL3X,Easily the best game in the Hitman series and it lives up perfectly to its legacy and its predecessors. The only real downside that I see is the DRM that they've implemented but unless you have bad internet or the servers are having major problems then it's not really that big of a deal.
76561198038713589,Not Recommended,236870,21780257,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Metro502,So far its so laggy and slow and i have it on the lowest graphic settings and already did the beta training and it wants me to do it again? So far worst performing version....so sad :( Lets hope for update improvements soon
,Not Recommended,236870,21785514,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Billiam,"Short version: Nope. Not yet at least.Spent about an hour on it, and it seems to be a step backwards performance-wise from the beta. Over HALF of the time spent on the clock was loading. Seriously. It's not even that the menu to gameplay load times were that long for me... Between that and needing to restart the game several times after constant crashes, that's just what I'm left with."
,Not Recommended,236870,21779403,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Chuckie,"Don't get me wrong I love the franchise. Have every release since codename 47. The problem is I don't have this release. Well I will have in a year when it is finished. WTF?It must be my fault. I miss understood the definition of release that square enix was using. I assumed they meant ...""the action of making a movie, recording, or other product available for general viewing or purchase.""... When they actually obviously meant ...""to give up, relinquish, or surrender (a right, claim, etc.)""...DO NOT SURRENDER AND AVOID THIS TITLE FOR AT LEAST 6 MONTHS.I know there will be lots of haters out there now telling me that the graphics are great and the concept is the best ever and it promises to be the crowning jewel in the franchise. This all may be true, but at the moment it's just promises.As I write this I am looking at the howls of frustration on the forums and blogs about the DRM and the servers being down on release day, so their first promise of being able to play a snippet of the game on release day(choose your own definition), has already been broken.You see here is the awful truth. If I or anyone else knew that it was a year till they finished the game, I wouldn’t have pre-ordered it this early. I would have been excited and eagerly awaited the release, but I wouldn’t have thrown down my hard earned. I’m sure no one else would have either. I mean it could be worse, at the moment we only have a single mission we can’t play until the servers get fixed. If the game was complete we would have more missions we couldn’t play until the server gets fixed. (What can I say I’m a glass half full kind of guy.)So in conclusion I don’t recommend this, I might change my mind later when I can play it or even when I get it."
,Not Recommended,236870,21789321,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,だれも,"This game is really great. I love it. Sure, it has some performance problems, but I'm hyped for the new missions.Its near Blood Money, and Blood Money was the game I loved many years back on the PlayStation 2.Anyway... Why then a negative review? Simple: Always online DRM, I can't really play the singleplayer without beeing online... Its just wrong.If they not change this DRM immediately (and I will wait a week), I won't buy the other episodes.I can't refund it anymore because of 2.4hrs gameplay, but I didn't know there was such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM.I was sceptical because the episodic format, but I thought to myself: I give the thing a chance.But well... THIS DRM ruined it.Edit: So, I bought the upgrade pack for ""full experience""... Unfortunately, looks like the archievements are still connected to the online DRM. And without archievements in singleplayer, its boring & a bad joke. Episode 2 & 3 are pretty neat. Especially Episode 3 is my favorite.Edit 2: So, Season 1 is over, and now comes Season 2. Great. At the release of ""Season 1"", it wasn't Season 1. They said this will be a full game. This isn't, in my opinion, a full game. Thumb stays down. I won't buy Season 2 probably, they lost me. DRM is worse than before. 2 minutes to connect to the server... ...For a singleplayer game... ...I mean, what the ♥♥♥♥?"
76561198063640354,Not Recommended,236870,21779995,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,L3GENDOFTHEW3ST,VERY POOR PERFORMANCE. DO NOT BUY AT LEAST FOR 2 MONTHS!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198013574331,Not Recommended,236870,21783453,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tre4tz,"I was so exicted for this game then it was a huge let down. Only had  1 disconnect which completly shut down the whole game during the first mission. Not much missions to do, you just replay the same ones over and over again. Kind of boring imo. Not worth $59.99 please save your money and hopefully get refunded if you did buy it. I just hope Mafia 3 will be amazing because these two games are the only one I have look forward to playing.Quick notes- 1 game crash- Same levels over and over- Boring not much to do- Graphics looked amazing tho- Not worh 59.99- Dont buy"
,Not Recommended,236870,21791982,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tudd Fudders,I get greyed out options on a game when I have a 780ti and can't even run it at my native resolution. Can't even put my settings past medium on Textures. Not worth paying $60 now when the game isn't even technically finished.
,Not Recommended,236870,21782181,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Frank Castle,"If you want to play the same mission over and over until they release a full game, Buy this one.If you want a game to play in a few months, Buy this one.Game play wise, Its a fun romp back in the world of Hitman, Which is why its more of a tease than a real game. It is the Beta plus one mission."
,Not Recommended,236870,21782296,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,huanbrother,"Used to be a big hitman fan, played through original to absolution, and now this...Disappointed.Just talk about the downsides.-Technical- Poor Graphic.Remember Absolution? That's better in graphics, and let's not forget Absolution used Glacier 2 Engine.And this game? Just the Glacier engine.- DX12 SupportI have a GTX 970 desktop, as well as a GTX970M laptop, both with the latest nVidia driver and it won't run in DX12 mode.- Connection IssueConnections are easily lost and you loose your game state.- Texture QualityJust look at the limousine's texture at the Pari's Level Entrance Scene.-Game Issues- Always OnlineIn offline mode, you can not- gain scores & XP(mastery)- beat in-game challenges- choose different spawn locations other than the two offline ones- AII can dress up in bodyguard and have the sniper rifle on my back without suspicion.- Menu not so intuitive (even no Quit on the main menu)- No Quit Promotions (accidentally hit alt+f4 and you're a goner)- Play StyleNo maniac shooting around mode like blood money did, you don't even have a health bar, once your cover is blown you die in a few shots.and the BIGGEST of all""EPISODES?""Meh.But, despite all above, the always online is the one must be fixed for this game to be playable."
76561198021844646,Not Recommended,236870,21790847,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,somdow,"I couldnt even play it for more than a few minutes without it crashing. I have not only one, but two beefy rigs so to not be able to play this....is beyond me. It kept crashing on both my rigs and the only way to get out was to CTRL + DEL / TASK MANAGER..... it was VERY annoying so i asked for a refund."
,Recommended,236870,23300842,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,clerksrat,"This game is good, really close to great. I don't review games often, but felt this game deserved one. I read a lot of the reviews and noticed that  game is getting bashed on for such silly reasons.Here are what I've seen of complaints; which a lot are kind of BS or nit picky:- Game is online only (Sorry that's a ton of games. It really isn't a big deal)- You can't do xx when you could in past- It's episodic (Ok? A lot of games are. If anything you spend $15 to try a game with plenty to do and see if it's worth it. I wish Fallout had done something like this so I could of saved money)- Someone actually complained about the BONUS CONTENT of the elusive targets being limited on time... This person would never be pleased if they gave them the game for free...Here is the basis. It's a silly, fun game that you can play for 30 minutes and put down without a problem then pick it up later. A great time killer, and really just buying the $15 will leave you happy, but I'm going in for the full set.Runs perfectly on extreme settings- Intel i5 6600k 3.5GHz- 8GB RAM- XFX Radeon R9 390X"
,Recommended,236870,29604813,Posted: 31 January,all,Nova,The sequel to Blood Money we've all been waiting for.
,Recommended,236870,29705451,Posted: 4 February,all,AlexDoomin,"Overall good experince, this is kinda hitman i've been waiting for. There is some issues with the game thought. Let me gather all experience from the game.+ Maps (Very big, beautiful locations with alot of interesting details.)+ Ways of assassination (Basicly everything you ever wished for. Poisons, explosions, accidents, katanas, acids, canons, robber duckies and soo on...)+ Challenges (If you think you can complete hitman with every challenge, achievement then you started pretty long and hard journey, with a lot of rewards waiting for you.)+ Graphics+ Customizations and Online features- Optimalization ( Game looks good from my perspective, but textures looks really old and game runs poorly with crashes and lag spikes.)- Price tag (There is only 6 episodes, which means 6 maps in the entire game for 50 Euro experince. Price is way too big for too short game.)+- Story ( Absolutly stupid uninteresting plot. But Hitman is way more about killing then story, so i don't take it as a meanfull problem of the game.)From scale 1 to 10 a would give this game an solid 8. If you liked any older hitmans then get HITMAN™ on sales and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,236870,23280056,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rhonin!,This is the best Hitman game I've played yet.  I think the episodic structure for this game is fantastic.  My biggest gripe is that this game doesn't run as well as I feel it should.  I can run Witcher 3 at nearly max settings without much issue and with Hitman my settings have to be set to low in order for it run at playable frame rate. Every game is built differently I guess.  Still fun as hell to play. Love taking on missions from different angles. Looking forward to future episode releases.
76561198329144629,Recommended,236870,29607186,Posted: 31 January,all,uberpoisedmortal,HITMAN is brilliant game. Everything about it is amazing. Most fun sandbox.
,Not Recommended,236870,30152366,Posted: 24 February,all,ExecutiveArka,"Missions are dead easy, story is garbage, ai is trash, very little replay value. To top it off their servers keep shutting down and when they do you can't play until they get them back up. Not reccomended."
76561197968801447,Recommended,236870,34300484,Posted: 16 August,all,Another Wingnut,"They've tried to make everything bigger and better in comparison to the previous games - open design, assassination options, multiple targets, guard numbers, excessive number of puzzle items - and it's had an unintended negative effect on the gameplay. I don't think they anticipated this.Combined with the unfortunate change from a darker tone, unintelligible plot, and the over-utilised, cringeworthy attempt at NOLF style conversations - utilising the same 3 or 4 western voice actors - it becomes somewhat clinical and lifeless exercise.The tone change is particularly worth mentioning - ICA doesn't know if it is a shadowy mercenary organisation, or a bunch of do-gooders. There is a moral quality. The cinematics looked quite expensive too. Could have been better spent on voice actors.The locales are varied, but there appears to be an undersaturation in the colours, which is characteristic of the series I guess. It doesn't seem as vivid as it should be, considering the assets they have there.It's dissapointing as so much effort has been poured into the design of the game. It appears to be a real labour of love, and a real desire to get back what to made their studio a great success.It's almost as if they've overcooked it a bit. I can understand that from an episodic point of view, as they are under pressure to deliver a lot of content per episode to keep people interested. No doubt this is partly a result of the studio being gutted after Absolution and the publisher later selling IO. It is an unfortunate sales model, if only because it prevents them from returning to and touching up an area a bit later in development.Still, it's Hitman game, and it's a minor miracle one is even being made today, let alone one that is overcomplicated rather than dumbed down.The good things about this game are also the bad things - big maps, many choices etc."
76561198006257981,Not Recommended,236870,30161790,Posted: 25 February,all,AnoMieS,Unless this game drops the always online requirement I would not recomend it.
,Recommended,236870,23336982,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mafa Rioch,"This game is exactly what Absolution should have been. This is a true Blood Money sequel. It has a great graphics, amazing sandbox maps with huge variety of approaching your missions.SHORT SUMMARY:PROS:- Great graphics- Open sandbox envoirnment- A decent amount of challenges to keep you playing, that is, if you aree that kind of person.- A good amount of playing modes, including contracts which you can create and share with people. (Also in CONS)- The maps are really huge compared to all previous games, which is kind of nice.- Allows you to plan your starting game plan, as in what weapons you'll take and where you'll start. The option becomes more varried the more achievements (masteries) you unlock.CONS:- Always online play.  There is an offline mode, but it has separate save files and all achievements are disabled. Such games should not require a constant internet connection, because it is not an MMO and you do not have any interactions with other players.- Episodic gameplay, usually with delay of releases. This means that you will be getting one mission per month till the end of the year. There is no info about additional missions after the year ends at this point.- No difficulty settings. Well, no manual difficulty settings. You can not choose the difficulty of your opponents or remove certain elements from the game to make it harder, however the game itself is not that easy, if you are trying to complete every possible achievement and challenges.- Voice over of actors is something lacking. Most NPCs speak native English no matter the location or country, and are voiced by same 4-6 actors. It breaks immersion for some people. Huge AAA titles should be able to hire more people for their games.- Soundtrack is decent, but average. The game misses Jesper Kyd orchestral music which was a huge part of the franchise itself. This CON is more or less personal preference.- Contracts mode is not as customizable as one would desire. You can mark up to 5 targets, select how they should be killed and what closes one should be wearing. However the options are flawed, and if you would like a person to be killed by a specific accident, the game will mark it as explosive or just melee kill.- DX12 mode is still something to work on, due it giving ocasional glitches and crashes on certain types of PC Builds.- Certian features were removed which existed in previous games, ex. Human Shield, Sniper briefcase. Developers say that they are working on those though, so they might be avaiable in later versions of the game.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONCLUSIONMy personal conclusion as a fan of the franchise is to get this game if you're a fan of the series and the gameplay it provides. It is trully a sequel to blood money and has a great atmosphere to it. Locations are beauitful and the maps are humangous for you to explore. One level feels pretty much like 2-3 levels of any previous game in the series which is amazing, and the game actually is more deep than it used to be. The so called opportunities feature allows you to listen to various conversations and make your choice on how to adapt to what you have heard, which gives you a feeling of playing in the moment.Despite all the CONS of this game, I'd give it a rating of 8/10."
76561198018256781,Recommended,236870,23319652,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,THE B1ACK GOD,"I enjoy playing it like I enjoy all the Hitman games, but it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I get low FPS even though my PC meets and exceeds the recommended requirements. Can't work it out, and can barely run it on low graphics..."
76561198150172252,Not Recommended,236870,22488776,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Killbana,"Very demanding game revolving around performance.The episodic thing was stupid for a HITMAN game. Thats it not how its meant to be.He does not wear the signature Black Leather gloves at all in the game. (now you have to unlock them through dumb elusive targets)It doesnt feel like a Hitman game to be honest. (feels more like a stealth game that holds your hand all the way through and WHERE IS MY GOD DAMN POINT SHOOTING?!)Bring back the Single Player amazing AGENT 47 we all know and love.The Story is also awful i mean the game focuses more on the gameplay and how you assassinate more than the story like where is the balance here? The Colarado story cutscenes are probably the only decent bit of good story telling they give.Also still waiting on suit unlocks considering i missed most of the Elusive Targets :)) Thank you IO and SQEI would not reccomend wasting your money on this heap of junk :)unless its like £10. For the FULL GAME.How about that, I actually got the upgrade pack for £10   lol    1 YEAR LATER!Hope this helped!"
76561198071563785,Not Recommended,236870,30338386,Posted: 5 March,all,bouke.kramer,"Although the initial playthrough was enjoyable, the additional escalations etc are very repetitive. And even though the levels are very detailed and quite big there are only 6 of them (not counting the training mission). I finished the game in 1 day and to be fair the replayability is not like Blood Money. Kind of hard to put my finger on it but Blood Money was just more fun and you had the feeling that you had more choices. This is much more of a sandbox than Absolution was but still there are areas that feel like there is really only one way to do things. Also I've had some issues connecting to the server which only allows you to play in offline mode and you cannot get any feats saved. So overall bit disappointed with this game. I won't be buying season 2 if the available missions are that limited again."
76561198273897033,Recommended,236870,22738273,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Neuroleptic,"I don't know why so many bad reviews, I love the Hitman franchise and I've got to admit Absolution and this one will never be like 2,3 or Blood Money... Something in this game is lacking the Hitman atmosphere pre-absolution.BUT.Otherwise never lost connection to their servers, pretty solid game until now, never crashed or had low frame rates."
,Recommended,236870,26737526,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,LizardKweef,"It's not ""Blood Money""-good but it's overall a nice game."
76561198006728487,Not Recommended,236870,22510104,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,HeinrichVonWeil,"The Game itself so far feels like a awesome add on to the Hitman series. The biggest issue lack in content. You essential replay the same mission 1000000x times. Its awesome that there are so many new ways to kill peoples, gain costumers, or even areas to explore. But the lack of customizing your weapons is a drag and also that you have to wait for the next mission to be released.Ontop of that you have to be online all the time. Who ever came up with the installment release and being online needs to be fired! Go back to the original feel of hitman where I can spend hours grinding through the game and then going back to unlock more items, costumes, or explore levels while customizing my deadly arsenal.SquareEnix you made a terrible mistake... listen to your fan base and fix the game!"
,Recommended,236870,22818830,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ThaKoek,Great game. A lot of replayability and great level design can really recommend it!just wish that down the line they would make unlocks availaible for offline.Elusives are great too!
,Recommended,236870,23294292,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ReactionaryEmo,"The latest Hitman has to be the first time that I've been genuinely impressed and excited when playing a modern videogame in an incredibly long time. The semi-open sandbox puzzles of previous hitman titles such as Contracts and Blood Money return with a mixture of certain gameplay elements from Absolution (sans the obnoxious disguise system or level design of Absolution). In fact, the changes to the disguise system in this iteration give it a nice balance between the useless disguises of Absolution and the lack of any challenge that occurred with the disguise system of Blood Money. And, this is further reinforced with the expansive level design of the currently available episodes.I've gotten nearly 100 hours played in this game with most of that time being spent in Paris and Sapiezna. Both are  incredible levels boasting tons of various ways to go about eliminating your targets and the little touches such as conversations revealing the background story behind your targets and their motivations. Sapienza especially has tons of small conversations and small easter eggs that make the level a lot of fun to replay and explore.The game isn't without its problems of course. The always online DRM and the finicky servers for the game can make it incredibly frustrating to play at times when you're kicked out mid-mission after setting up the perfect solution in a level. Fortunately, I haven't had this happen personally that often but the issue is certainly there and you should be wary of it if your internet isn't all that great. And, a lot of the patches end up adding in issues that were never their to begin with (such as the 'subdue kill' bug) which only results in more patches that continue the cycle.Regardless, these issues haven't outright ruind the game for me as I end just having an absolute blast playing through the current levels and trying out different ideas and routes. If you've got a fairly competent computer, a somewhat solid interenet connection, and are a Hitman/stealth game fan that's in need of a modern Hitman title that has the potential to rival Blood Money or Contracts then I'd say grab the full experience or grab the intro pack and give it a shot."
,Recommended,236870,22643557,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Pikachu-csgoroll.com,Sweet game.
76561198117045336,Recommended,236870,22578008,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Skyfoogle,"Its a fun game but at the moment i would wait for a fixed smooth game, (its not optimezed well)"
76561197962773234,Recommended,236870,22654942,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,James,"Because the game is fun and entertaining, I cannot give this a negative review. The game itself is very well done and there are many replayable options (this is both good and bad). I just wish games these days would stop replacing storyline and gameplay time with replayable maps. Although it is fun to replay a map now and then, it should not be the main attraction! If you just played through this game one level at a time without going back to try it another way, then you would finish it in about an hour, tops.If you are going to buy this game, you might as well buy the ""Full Experience""; otherwise you are wasting your money. The fact that there is even an option to buy this game in sections, is just stupid! Why release an unfinished game? Why not label this as ""Early Access""? It would have made MORE sense to either just wait until all of the content was finished or just NOT release it at all (if they didn't want an early access that is).I absolutely hate that we have to buy this game in segments! I wish, If I could, I would rate the publishers with a 4/10 (with this game alone) Why? Because, cash cow, that's why. I get that they want to make more money, but to nickel and dime us like this; I will run out of money to buy games. So, if you DO NOT buy the full version from the start, then you are left with paying more than you should. At least the first episode was only ten bucks. Let's just hope they stay cheap! Although, I would rather it be that they did not release games in segments, to begin with.I wish we could review the publishers instead of just reviewing the game. There are so many negative reviews out there that are not entirely against the game itself but the reviews are geared toward the publishers direction or decision for the game. It is so frustrating that we have to buy games these days in parts! Most publishers charge too much for what they release, making the game not worth it."
,Recommended,236870,22638585,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Li Shunchen,"I have bought the intro pack and do not regret it. I have been a fan of the hitman series since playing hitman2, but haven't played all titles in between. The game is still a little bit bugged and I somehow it does not let me select medium or high graphic settings, but I have only very seldomly encountered performance drops.The first (non-introduction) level is very, very huge and the characters feel organic. The episode formate benefits the game, because it does make you really explore the levels and find all those little details hidden in the game and there are dozens of opportunities to kill your targets (I haven't found all in the first mission yet altough I played for 20h.)For trying out new ways to kill your targets you will be rewarded with new weapons among other things. Unfortunately, besides the sniper rifle you receive quite early, non of the new weapons you receive are useful for the mission. What do I need 3 kinds of silenced pistols for? It's only really useful if you are planning to run amok... Also, although you are able to equip a poisoned syringe from the start, you can't use it to actually poison food/drinks... So how is that useful?Still, very enjoyable game, especially when throwing heavy stuff on people :DRecommend and looking forward to the second episode.(Although, the full experience pack is quite expensive...)"
76561197963360034,Recommended,236870,23332475,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,limitz*,I think this is shaping up to be the best Hitman yet
,Not Recommended,236870,21778103,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Yellow Boy SATURATION II,"HITMAN™ ReviewSixth instalment in the Hitman franchise with some major bugs as of now.Was very excited to play this game and so it brings me disappointment to tell you that whilst what I've played of this game so far is great, it has been very difficult to actually play. First of all, the pre-load was a complete waste of time. I pre-loaded HITMAN™ the day before it was released and it downloaded the tutorial map and not the main map, Paris. So I had to download the game even after my pre-load. Bit stupid of Square Enix to do something like that.The game has some major bugs. Upon my first attempt at trying to play the prologue mission, all I saw was bright glooming lights everywhere with no texture detail at all. I had to mess around with graphical settings and my computer settings for about half an hour to resolve this issue. There are random stutters during gameplay and graphical glitches, too. Not just that, sometimes it will say a body has been found even when you haven't killed, drugged or pacified anyone, just out of the blue.The worst flaw is that this game is only available online, even worse is that I've disconnected twice, even though my internet is fine and my Steam is online. This completely breaks immersion. The same happened with Just Cause 3 and I just don't understand this online-only concept. It really makes no sense to me.At its current state I have to say I can't recommend it, definitely not. I paid for the full experience, which was £39.99 for me. At the moment, there isn't much content and even worse there are far too many issues that need to be resolved.When the game does work, it is fantastic. Even the tutorial maps were quite satisying. Paris is fantastic, though. Albeit the bugs and the online issue, this is all we hoped for, it is quite literally just an upgraded Hitman: Blood Money with better graphics, updated mechanics and hopefully some storyline too.I will update my review as soon as the issues of HITMAN™ are fixed or at least partially fixed. At the moment, it's a no from me."
76561197973307364,Not Recommended,236870,21790510,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jordon,"Actually, you know what I really don't like about this game? They've spent so much effort creating a big world where you can approach the problem so many ways - except you can't really, the way *you* want to kill your target isn't a ""challenge"" (and would be too easy) - so it doesn't really count.So really playing a mission is just going through each sequence of pre-conceived ways of killing your target. That's not really ""open play"", is it?---Original review:So at the end of the day, no matter how you spin the ""episodic content"", this game has 1 mission. You buy the ""full experience"", it'll keep you busy for a day while you play the single story mission available to you.I'm not bothered by the artwork in the game, it's not the spirit of Hitman, but the DX12 mode is buggy and I needed to use DX11 mode (which has pretty poor performance).I also feel a little cheated that although the description does explain the episodic content, I wasn't expecting to put out full price to abruptly be told I need to wait another month before I can play level 2.But other than that, great game."
76561197982638108,Not Recommended,236870,26752071,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,JR101-Apotti,"HITMAN is crippled with total PIECE OF SH*T online copy protection, which makes this game almost unplayable. After playing this game for 6 hours, I have not been able to clear the second mission, since the game is constantly losing its online connection and ending the mission without warning, usually when the character is just finishing the mission. It appears that I live on different continent than the game copy-protection server, and the server PING-time is too long.The game itself appears to be pretty decent part of the HITMAN series. Nothing unusual here. However, constant problems with the badly designed copy protection makes playing too frustrating.Because of this faulty copy protection system, I would not recommend this game for anyone. Total waste of time.[EDIT]I contacted The Steam Support Team and requested a refund for this game. They refused, since ""Your playtime of an included product exceeds 2 hours"". All in all, this has been very disappointing user-experience, and I am left with unplayable game and no refund."
,Not Recommended,236870,30058354,Posted: 20 February,all,我耶格要爆你狗头,"Connecting to the HITMAN server, plz give up."
,Recommended,236870,23292902,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,JihadiJohnCIA,"Brilliant fun, a proper hitman experience and what die hard fans of the series have been asking for."
,Recommended,236870,21793908,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,HITMAN™. ENTER A WORLD OF 20 FPS.
76561198116128307,Not Recommended,236870,24238858,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,williejns,This is the Cheapest versiona of HitMan.  It is Repetitious.  There are 4 areas of operation.  You get to play the same scenes over and over again. (BORING).  There is a new challenge each time. but the same Scene over and over.   Dev had no imagination at all or decided to go rhe cheap route....  PRICE WAY TOO HIGH for this game.  There are a few goo things about game however Negatives out weigh the Positives.
,Not Recommended,236870,28843082,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,onloadx,Hey lets make them pay for a tutorial
,Not Recommended,236870,22648440,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Rubik,"Good game, bad bugs.This iteration of Hitman harkens back to Hitman games of old, like Agent 47 and Blood Money, but updated graphics and expanded worlds. However, it's hard to enjoy it when the game is a buggy mess that the devs don't really seem to care to fix. Lighting issues, audio issues, crashing, framerate stuttering, and more distract from the Hitman experience. An always-online requirement (for a single-player game, mind you) on servers that are frequently down and disconnect you mid-session further hamper the game. A lack of promised features (Elusive Targets, promised ""within a week of launch"" have yet to show up almost two months later) and a terrible roll-out for follow-up episodes (available a day earlier in NZ, PC users have to wait til 9am PST -- oh wait, still ""one hour to go"" -- oh wait #2 the DLC is showing up as $59.99 instead of $9.99) makes this a ""Do Not Recommend"" for me. Perhaps in a year or so when they've come out with all the content and (maybe?) fixed the bugs it'll be a Recommend, but for now? No. Go play Blood Money instead."
76561198064269855,Recommended,236870,23321315,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bernet,"I love it like a frustrating middle child who just wants attention from his mum and tries to get it by shrieking and throwing tantrums in the shopping centre. You can\'t punch him because he might break, and you can\'t ignore him because in the end he\'s still your baby.I run a potato computer so I had to parr the graphics down to \""Codename: 47\"" standards (still looks AMAZING), but at least it doesn\'t lag. I still can\'t really aim with a gun or beat my way out of quicktime events so it does make me more inventive and definatley improves my stealthing! And even though I am in Australia on crappy ADSL I have never had any connection dropout issues (edit: I knew I shouldn't of written that), even with all the endless updates.I only got Paris because I didn\'t want to buy the whole lot and not be able to play it, but I think all that nonsense is fixed so AWAY I GO TO SAPENZIA AND MARRAKESH! ..I wish I could take Helmut with me.8/10 would Catwalk again"
76561197980626014,Not Recommended,236870,29432869,Posted: 22 January,all,Tom`,"The gameplay that is there is superb, but it is spread quite thin. There are more ways to assassinate your targets than ever before, each one even more entertaining than the others, but only 6 maps.If you love games that have an amazing storyline, you will be disappointed. The ""story"" ends abruptly at what feels like should be 30% of the game.Completionists will love this game to bits though, and now that all DLC nonsense is included in the normally priced package, you won't feel cheated paying a AAA price for this game. Everyone else will be bummed about being left with an unfinished game."
,Recommended,236870,23073759,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sugarPARK,"My Rig Spec:i3 2120 3,30GhzDDR3 8GBGTX 750 Ti OC 2GBI could run it decently with all setting set to minimum at 1080pGameplay : 9/10The cons  is always online DRM, but you can play it OFFLINE to!OFFLINE PLAY : No achievement progress, No Contract Mode, ONLY STORY MODE!If you have a doubt about the performance or how good the gameplay is? Just  try INTRO PACK!"
76561198076100638,Recommended,236870,22782627,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TRANSPORTER,Just started playing and I like it so far.
76561198044470598,Not Recommended,236870,24363381,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SayVarRee,It's ok but probably the most frustrating Hitman game of them all.
,Not Recommended,236870,21773356,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Guardian1790,"Considering I didn't even make it past the launcher due to crashes, I'm not willing to expend any more effort on this game."
,Not Recommended,236870,21778686,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Squiggles,Can't connect to the server and a tutorial isn't much a of a game 2/10(until they fix it)
,Recommended,236870,23290140,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,PrometheusXT,It's a fine game with good graphics but it's way too easy for a hitman game. The save system ruins the whole thing. There should be at least an achievment for completing the game without saving. Nothing like blood money but it's a good game. The episode system is good because it forces you to complete all the challenges and achievments which I never did in a game.
76561198076241886,Not Recommended,236870,24526350,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Vexaken,"I have little to add to what has already been posted. Bad always online DRM. Episodic release screws you out of content. Stupid choice of one time only content, never to be seen again, sorry if you missed it… These all seem to be stupid marketing gimmicks by people who don’t understand gamming.As for the actual graphics and game design (what little there is of the latter) it’s pretty good. There are some glaring issues with dead feeling AI and AI glitches and just the stupid AI in general (who the hell shoots into a crowd because someone shut off a fan?). The game itself needs some more polish and the marketing team needs to rethink their life choices."
76561197991343553,Not Recommended,236870,24687631,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sword of Damocles,dont get untill the game is finnished
76561198073212254,Not Recommended,236870,24698761,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GreenBob,"theres only so many times you can drown someone in a toilet after slipping them a rat poisoned cocktail for an achievement to unlock a combat knife, 'ohhh where ever would i find a knife in this game,"" you ask... furthermore i dont really feel like a hitman, rather a wrench wielding psuedo-ninja that can obliterate the competition with a few well timed throws. youll unlock weapons however use none of them, practically that is. you'll shoot chandeliers whilst targets walk under them to obtain the accident achievement. because obviously chandeliers are back in style, must ornate every hallway, and belong to every sociopathic mogul in the world.in an attempt to create different pathways to your targets there's these opportunity moments you can, as the word puts it, oppertune from. nice and fine you say, no not really. the mechanic works as such, you eaves drop on a conversation of interest, that will allow you to use a mechanic or a disguise to eliminate or get close enough to eliminate your target. this seems fine and well, if you turn off the hints that is, and by hints they mean big neon signs with a roadmap to murder while it panders you a reach around. so you turn off the hints. you eaves drop the conversation again, you find that the same conversation (part A), after listening to it carefully, has not an inclination as to where you might find (part B) of the opportunity, you run around like a chicken with its head cut off and find part B after 30 minutes of search overhearing every american/british conversation, in Morroco/italy/spain? during this 30 minutes you realise you you couldve just shot the target 30 different times, but no you must assasinate this man with a quirky and most unfortunante accident so you can unlock this shotgun youre never going to use, practically... and that will be your experience, from beginning to end."
76561198212301632,Not Recommended,236870,24367350,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Bryce^,"I really like the game, how you can kill your tarket in various ways, also how you can plan which weapons you're gonna use. People are writing a thousand comments on how the game disconnect and their saves are lost, but this haven't happened to me. +1 in my notebook. The only downside of this game is that the game is episodic, which i find seriusly annoying because if payed 50 EURO to play a game which is kinda not even done. (I really think that is a big downside)When i pay so much money for a game, i expect to play its fully story, and not wait months for the next episode to come.I recommend people to wait and buy the game when its fully released. Otherwise i really like the grafics and the story so far.- Lack of game content, when the game is so expensive.+ GraficsI would recommend the game for people if the game was fully released, and might do another review when its fully game content is out. But for now, i would say no."
,Recommended,236870,30623413,Posted: 19 March,all,Tørsryk,"I'm rather sceptical when it comes to parting with my cash for games.  I hardly ever buy games when they are released, let alone preorder.  I reserve this privilege for those games which I really have faith and interest in (Fallout 4, MGS V and Read Dead 2).  So when I heard the new Hitman game would see an episodic release, I was even more sceptical than my usual grumpy ol' self and watched the release from a distance and followed the release of each episode with a wary eye.  I wasn't the only one to be circumspect of an episodic release and many were similarly not sure of the decision, although I wasn't quite so cynical as to see it solely as a cash grab by IO Interactive.  I've been a Hitman fan since Codename 47 and have played every game in the growing franchise so this episodic release was quite a shift from normal practice for 47.  Perhaps we were just scared of change.It's initial release was received with a warm welcome but it wasn't until the arrival of Sapienza and then Marrakech that it began to dawn on me and others the wise and brave decision of IO to release Hitman in such a fragmented way.  It turns out that it's not just an adventure game with a strong narrative that can follow an episodic release and Hitman's success in this regard is largely down to its level design and reward/unlock system.  Each of the levels are designed to an intricate level of detail and depth that allows a wide variety of approaches and requires several play throughs with an inquisitive approach to get the most out of each level.  With each success and discovery comes a little more experience unlocking new starting locations and items which allow a whole new perspective on the level.  Coupled with featured and escalation contracts as an additional aside to each level, there's a wealth of content to keep you playing, investigating and honing your assassin skills.  With a month to six weeks between levels, there was time to fully immerse yourself in each level without the temptation to simply shoot through each level and thus miss the depth and true beauty of each location.Having extolled the virtues of this release, it was something I completely missed out on.  A rare example of my sceptical and stingy approach to buying games actually backfiring on me.  I admittedly continued to wait until the full season 1 release of Hitman appeared on Steam, even then, I waited for a sale (which didn't take long) and whilst I saved myself a tidy little sum that would buy several games in a winter or summer sale, I did regret not being a part of the episodic release and experiencing it location by location as intended.  I shall surely be rectifying this with season 2.  I had decided halfway through the episodes that I would buy the game, I'd seen enough YouTube videos of the game to know that it was a brilliant iteration of Hitman and a great return to form for the series after the disappointment of Absolution, but it was in an effort to stay focussed on reducing my pile of shame rather than continuing to add to it that I waited.  How wrong I was!Having waited though until the full release has certainly not left me in the cold in terms of playing through new content as and when it's released and this is testament to IO's fantastic commitment to the community and keeping the game fresh.  New contracts are regularly added, whether handpicked from the community's extensive library of home brew assassinations or the increasing challenge of the escalation contract, there's always something new to test yourself.  My personal favourite though are the regular elusive targets which are a real rarity in gaming providing gamers with a one shot and it's gone challenge.  A completionist's nightmare, however, it is exactly this unforgiving experience that creates real tension, real excitement and real fury!  Too many games wish to be all things to all people and are simply too scared to offer limited time rewards or challenges for fear of ostracising their player base.  IO have achieved this with a very clever and happy balance.  Finally, the addition of Professional mode has been an excellent heightening of the challenge and overall experience of Hitman; a true reward for those who have mastered a location and familiarised themselves with every nook, cranny and routine.What we have in Hitman is a truly outstanding game that continues to pioneer and define a self-styled genre that is second to none.  It is without a doubt the finest iteration of what it has always set out to be and continues to strive to better and innovate itself.  I continually find myself diving back into the different locations for new challenges, rewards and discoveries and I'm never disappointed.  I honestly hope they continue with this episodic content for many more seasons to come and the game gradually becomes an immense hub for dozens of locations and countless contracts and challenges and the means through which Hitman content is created and released for many years to come.  I for one cannot wait for Season 2 and what it will add to the game.  I will be preordering this one for sure!This review is taken from my website:https://wingedtankard.wordpress.com/2017/01/15/hitman/"
,Recommended,236870,26748491,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MR Banana Soup,im not a fan of the always online but the game itself if really good
,Recommended,236870,26738215,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ShadowZ,"Not blood money, but way way better than Absolution."
,Not Recommended,236870,23915507,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SJ,"the game itself was fun but the online thing is terrible, hope they would patch this soon..oh and the graphics wasn't that good comparing to its heavy system requirementsso far it is still HITMAN"
,Recommended,236870,21916513,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Chester-,"Well, I've seen this game getting lots of negative recommendations and its always about the ""Online-DRM"" and ""Episodic"" crap but where's the review for the game? So, here's mine.Firstly, I'm gonna review this game based on 'this' Hitman game only as it is my second Hitman game (first was Hitman: Absolution). So I don't know anything about the previous Hitman games or how they played out. This game is just fantastic, I've put in a few hours in a day into this game and throughout my experience during this time is just phenomenal. The maps are amazingly large (the maps feel alive, filled with AI interactions and no sign of dullness) and I can see IO Interactive put in twice the effort into this game compared to Hitman: Absolution.Besides that, I've seen no performance issue on my computer right now. Everything runs smooth and I've seen no texture glitch, weird ragdolls or anything related to bugs and glitches. Its well optimized, in my opinion.Furthermore, the Online-DRM, here it goes. Throughout my experience with this game,  there are no server crashes. Everything runs fine.Last but not least, I think the episodic feature is pretty cool for a Hitman game in my opinion as I don't have much time to play my video games (school) and I'm not looking forward to rush to the completion of my games either so I'm cool with this episodic feature. Not only that, there are many challenges you can complete in a mission (Ways to take out your targets, Silent Assassin, Suit Only, etc. ) which we, the players can take full advantage of the large map scale and obtain the full experience of a mission. Plus, the Elusive Targets which are available for a limited time is an amazing feature in this game.Lastly, this game is very well-made and I'm looking forward to the next episodes.""Phenomenal"" - 10/10- Brandon"
76561198307168050,Recommended,236870,23248986,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,sdm.khan,Best hitman game by far with loads of ways to disguise and sneek into the building of interest.
76561198344412098,Recommended,236870,26736118,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Crim,Tactical game where you are always thinking. I recommend this game to anyone and alot of hours is used up playing this game.
,Not Recommended,236870,21772766,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,jontymacmichael,"spent £40, wont let me play the first mission as it isnt purchased, wtf"
,Not Recommended,236870,21773412,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,HMR Racing,Very laggy! Hope there is an update soon!
76561198018520710,Not Recommended,236870,21789467,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Westwood,"It seems like that the quality of Hitman is on the down slope direction and I guess that IO interactive has been suffering from its publisher's mobile first strategy. Compare to its predecessor, this game is not catch up with that standard.And after I finish the first chapter and then I realize that I've to wait for SE to release content in future, Jesus, what u guys thinking? This is absurd, the whole game just sell in one chapter by one chapter, r u kidding me?!!! I paid money for AAA experience, u just sold me a technical and gameplay demo?!! Why don't you just sell in Hitman 5 DLC name?! SE is really a dumb shiity publisher, I'm about see a next THQ in future.One more thing, after I've purchased this game for almost 1.5 year and I still can't run this game under DX 12 in flash screen, what on earth you guys were doing?!!!"
76561197979982089,Not Recommended,236870,21770180,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Conor McGregor,Bad Performance ... Just very bad Performance. Even hat all Graphic setups at LOW ..
,Not Recommended,236870,21812409,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LokkNar,"THE GAME ITSELF IS GREAT, BUT THE BUSINESS MODEL SUCKS DONKEY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥As of yet (24th of August) I can NOT recommend this game to anyone who hasn't bought it yet.The reason is simple: This is a single player game that forces you to be online all the time. And no, the offline mode is NOT adequate. You simply get only half of the game if you play online. PERIOD. In the Beta everyone thought ""yeah, online, metrics, bugfixing"", but nobody expected - nor was told - that it would be like that in the full release. I had applied for a refund, but I didn't get it. So I am here to stay and play the game, even if it disconnects me and takes several retries before I can resume playing. And the loading times in the main menu are a joke. There are still lots of bugs. And while I can run the game on max settings (without SuperSampling) at 1680x1050 with an average of 90fps with my R9 390, I encounter regular slowdowns to under 25fps.But what I want to say is: NO MONEY FOR SQUARE ENIXThe business practice shown here is but a huge middle finger to any honest gamer and had I known that BEFORE, I wouldn't have bought it, at all. Should the ever remove the always online, I will give it a recommendation and tell everyone to buy three, but until then, stay away and don't support this.I really wish I could, because now for the actual review of the game itself:It looks great. The world has so much detail going on. The NPC dialogue is marvellous, funny, great, awesome and some other words of joy you can insert [HERE]. The levels are now sandboxes, unlike the tube levels in Absolution.You can devise so many ways to get your hit and if you have done everything, you can do some more. Just go to youtube and look what kind of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥people are doing even without glitches. The prebuilt events are great nevertheless, like shooting a cannon or breaking a heart or doing it old school spy style.I don't like that there are no difficulty levels anymore, because simply turning off the crutches is just not the same, because if I cave in, I can simply turn them back on. That takes a bit from the challenge in my opinion. Same with feats and opportunities. Feats basically tell you the hits, so turn them off! Opportunities should also be turned off, they are merely a step by step guide for the hits. I think a Hitman game doesn't need this kind of handholding.Disguises work pretty well, they are not as broken as in Blood Money anymore and not as useless as in Absolution (or SA, in certain levels), but you now just have SOME people who might find you suspicious, who are more distrusting in that new one eighty bald guy who came today instead of my colleague.All in all, this is the Hitman I love and if they can keep (or even raise) this level of quality, this will be the best Hitman game to date. And if they ever decide to NOT ♥♥♥♥ their customers in the♥♥♥♥♥ I will recommend it wholeheartedly to everyone."
,Not Recommended,236870,21775683,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,RXED WXLF7,"I am going to wait for a review, bearly played the yacht level and to be honest it was boring♥♥♥♥♥hell. I tried being stealthy but there was no challenge. Why go for rat poison or clever escape if you can jsut walk through the window unoticed and the ai is so weak that its absolutely no challenge. I get the replayability but why bother killing a guy 50 dif ways, its no fun and its no metal gear solid but its lazy and lacking. I might revisit and check out if its worty or so but atm im not gonna spend money on it if on pc it doesnt even work."
,Not Recommended,236870,21775827,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TANK101,"Right.. Where do i start.I purchased the intro pack of this game basically so that i could get access to the initial beta to see if the gamewould be any good.   I had my reservations after IO had only supplied the first 3 small tutorial missions as a whole Beta experience ""but whatever right?"".Now that the full game has been released i have to say that unfortunately, my reservations have been realized.  Ok yes I've only purchased the Intro Pack (whichs gives you access to all current content on release day), but where is the game?  I am a massive fan of the Agent 47 franchise, and ave previously purchased all of the game on both console and PC platforms (Don't judge me too harshly for the consoles, I was young!)  this game has a tutorial comprised of 3 missions and one main mission in Paris.So it seems that IO believe that a game is worth even the intro level price of £10.99 for one mission and 2 targets.  Id have happily paid the £39.99 if i hadn;t read it would only allow acces to up to 4 main missions.  whats happened to the game like silent assassin where we had 10+ missions and an armoury.. or contracts where we had much the same for the same price level.Unfortunetly for me this game seems like yet another one of the embarrassing cashcows that studios are releasing today.  this is going to hurt the franchise more than help it out.On a positive not,  in my experience the game does run well, its not too clunky and the levels seem fairly well thought out.  but i have yet to experience more than one mission, so who know how much potential the game actually has.I am sorry IO, but for me this is a fail more so because you seem to be screwing your fanbase than for the actual game.  it just wasn't what I personally expected a studio of this size to bring to the table at all."
,Recommended,236870,21875091,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Monsignor,"One of the best games in the series by now. A bunch of technical problems everyone is talking aboutdoes not cancel outthe brilliantly grasped spirit of the classic Hitman.The gameplay is top notch, and this is what really matters."
76561198005347228,Not Recommended,236870,21775722,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kibatsu,Was looking for a worthyHitman: Blood Moneysuccessor. Was disappointed. The episodic release cycle is equally disappointing.
,Recommended,236870,23307396,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,redredseas,"This is a great game.So, are we going back to roots or into something immature-new? Neither. Don't get fooled by the good-old ""HITMAN"" sign. It is a whole lot of a different game. Old IOI is now Reto-Moto. New IOI team consists of new professionals. This is how Absolution should be. GIGANTIC open levels, ASTONISHING, MARVELOUS level of detail of everything (exterior and interior), HI-End design, every part of the levels feels alive and breathing. A believable representation of what life of rich and powerful is like. Sadly without razor-sharp/stereotypical satire the good-old-IOI-Hitman had and without soul-crushing tracks from Jesper Kyd. The game now has real AAA+ game feel, unlike demo scene/underground-art vibe of before-reboot-Hitman. And here come the flaws. Poor performance on non-hi-end systems (and bugs related to. SSD is strongly advised), big bunch of oversimplifying gameplay features (casualization), shallow soundtrack, poor and illogical rating system, linear approach to special assassinations.. All of these things take away the little bits of immersion.Only one issue is left standing in the middle - the episodic release policy. On the one hand very affordable prices starting from 5 USD for intro pack (don't get started with paid demos. Free demos are done for, we have youtube now), 19 USD for a full experience. This system encouraging one to play on and wait for the next episode (Episodes are coming every month, and you don't have to pay for them) thus extending the game's lifespan. On the other.. some players want it all in one take.The sum is: this is a total reboot, a new game with no connection with an old franchise. The game with reasonable demands for processing power of player's PC. The honest episodic approach, and some casual gameplay-elements. The eye candy level-design and an average soundtrack. Interesting, fun objectives and challenges and linear approach for completion."
,Recommended,236870,21874703,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,General Pinochet,"Really well made game, the devs clearly listened to the customers when the Hitman game that shall not be named was released (Absolution). The Paris map is massive and provides many different ways to take out the targets, I hope the next maps are as good as this one. A little disappointed about the episodic release but really it's not too bad. The gameplay is flawless though and the story looks promising."
,Recommended,236870,21810334,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,nanookmetaal,Hiding in a closet with a nude man.10/10 Would hide again.
11111222223333444,Not Recommended,236870,26717702,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Duke,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ always online-DRM, timed missions (at work? lol no content for you), and is still not as good as Blood Money (but better than Absolution, at least)4/10 do not purchase unless its very, very cheap. (£10 or below maybe)"
,Not Recommended,236870,21771821,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DynastySheep ریا,"Really bad game.. had to refund and I will never buy it again, even after updates.Crashing Simulator 2016.0/10 I do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,236870,21774779,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DickyB,"Running on a i5 2500K with GTX 780 with 16gb Ram. Very poorly optimised.Very poor frame rate, judders when you walk into a new area and to be honest not that much fun.Refund requested and am going to wait for the full game to be released.A shamefull PC port"
,Recommended,236870,21871623,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,kitchensalt,"Solid gameplay.Bad always-online mode.But, for decent internet, it's not a problem."
76561198015559237,Not Recommended,236870,21802507,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rab2344,"Do not buy the 14.99 version.  You get 3 missions and done in an hour.  The game does not save if not online.  This can suck.  You are extremely limited on weapons.  Overall, just not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,236870,21773631,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,[TPCK] Skarekroww,"Only issue i have with the game is that not all episodes are ready, i bought the game full expect to play through all the missions, nope...other wise i have no issues with crashes or fps i just want the full game on release not just one mission if you're a die hard hitman fan and can play the same 3 maps over and over go for it, otherwise just wait till all mission are out.Edit: Yee boi, game is great, only issue is having to unlock gear, but it makes you replay the game"
76561198006049623,Recommended,236870,23696002,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[Team Salo] Mr. White,"Must buy for any fan of the hitman series. After the much dissapointing Absolution , this entry in the series returns the open world type of gameplay , with a huge variety of choices on how to carry out the mission. If comparing to Blood Money , this installment has almost twice as less missions (7 to 13) , but the missions themselves are huge in comparison, and provide a lot of options on how to pursue the contract , even if compared to Blood Money .Additionally ,providing a lot of replay value in the form of challenges and exploration tasks , while also allowing the users to create their own missions and expanding the game even further. The choice to distribute Hitman seperated in 7 pieces is a bit controversial , however we won't have to abandon our lives and commit fully to the game , because its just so good! So stop reading the reviews , prepare your classy 47 suit and prove yourself as a ""Silent Assassin""!"
76561198017664678,Recommended,236870,23685368,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Randomnizer,Sometimes my fingers didn't follow what I've set in my mind.10/10
,Recommended,236870,26363828,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Greg the Bunny,"I only bought the first mission (which also contains the tutorial missions), and I'm now 15 hours into the game. I'm only halfway through the challenges for the first real mission, and afterwards there are escalation missions and contracts to play as well. For $15 I've gotten as many hours of interesting content as many games provide for $60. As soon as I wrap up the challenges I'm definitely going on to buy the full season. This game is fantastic."
76561197970878487,Recommended,236870,22735221,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,kenT88,"about 90% of the negative reviews either complain about (1) the online-only mode and (2) the episodic nature of the game. neither of these are seriously valid complaints about the quality of the product being released. First, if you don't like the game in its episodic form, why not wait for all episodes to be released before buying. I find it remarkable that people hit the pay button, knowing full well that the levels will only be released in episodes, and then complain about getting into the very thing they knew they were getting into. The online-only system is a hindrance for those with connectivity issues, but that can hardly be an indictment against the game's conscious efforts to return to its roots, with some additional shebang (larger levels, variety of starting options etc.). In fact, almost none of the negative reviews give ANY credit to the developers for these, arguably, more critical facets of the game. if you're someone whos serious about the hitman series and its core characteristics, you wouldn't really pay heed to the rabble's rather mundane complaints. i've played hitman from the very first title, and this is by far shaping up to be the best yet."
76561198047429954,Not Recommended,236870,25617407,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,<>GOLDY<>,"Only paris is slightly enjoyable.The game just instantly teleports the authorities to the place were you are currently commiting a crime, just like in real life."
,Recommended,236870,22791085,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Soribus,"I was close to not buying it but i then i bought it out of the feeling that not much money is lost with just the intro pack. I was not disappointed. The level is rich with infos and ways to kill and hide. so much is happening but only if you are near the event. So you wont miss anything.The ""fun"" in the game is to do the mission over and over again. But everytime you do it you get something new, like hiding a sniper or begin the game as the cook or the bodyguard. Also you have so many achievments to do, and with every achievment you get again more options.With the modes where you have different goals to do, i will have more playtime than i thought.I recommend it if you are fan of the hitman series."
76561197970408084,Not Recommended,236870,26750558,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sadoMasupilami,bought the game LONG after the release. First free afternoon after a long time looking foward to play this game. Servers don't work..... This is a f****** single player game. Don't support companies with such awful DRM practices!
76561198065222269,Not Recommended,236870,26057934,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pale Mist,"WAIT FIR CHRISTMAS SALE!!! GAME IS EXCEPTIONALLY BUGGY!!!!The game was great, through the intro stage. After that, one crash after another. I have a GTX 780, 8 gb RAM, and a i5 4670K 3.4GHZ processor. So as you can see by looking at the system requirements, RAM satisfied, processor satisfied, and GPU slightly over the one for recommended settings. The game autosets the game options for low for me on everything. ♥♥♥♥ that. My rig handled Deus Ex MD and the Witcher 3 on Very High, so I set it to very high.Day 1 of playing:No problem. Game looks great, no hickups at all. I reach the second stage, Paris, but don't start playing it, have to sleep.Second 2:Start the Paris stage, game crashes while loading the stage. Second try, game freezes seconds after loading stage. 3rd try, lower settings, game is playable for 5 minutes, crashes my sound card, have to do hard reset. Give up for the day. I have not had any problems like this with any game in 3 years.Day 3:Lower the settings to default,, low shadows, low texture quality, what can be off is off. Game crashes on loading, crashes my sound card, have to restart. 2nd try, game starts loading the stage, game freezes and I have to do a hard reset.THIS IS WHILE PLAYING ON THE MINIMUM SETTINGS ON A RIG THAT RUNS THE WITHER 3 ON ALMOST ULTRA!!!!The game is amazing! If feels like Blood Money again. Lots of ways to kill, you can choose your loadout again before a mission, graphics and music are great, but THE GAME IS UNPLAYABLE!!!WAIT FOR MORE PACHES OR JOIN PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO PUT IN THE MONEY, MISSED ON OTHER DEALS FOR GAMES THAT ACTUALLY WORK, AND ARE AT THE MERCY OF SE TO PATCH THE GAME!"
,Not Recommended,236870,26227862,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Depsyy,Its been a long time since I've had buyers remorse as big as now...This is definitely the worst Hitman game I have ever played.Has to be always online or you are not able to use your unlocked assets in the missions at all...Seriously? This is single player game and you are forcing bulls**t like this?Stay as far away from this game as you can.
76561198021955703,Recommended,236870,21863278,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,***Gokhan***,"solid level in terms of sandbox and replay value, however. releasing only one level is going to ruin the fun factor. if i had all levels at once i will def enjoy this alot more, they should of released 2 levels at a time, plus there should be more weapongs and gadgets to start with in menu when replaying levels, otherwise whats the point of sandbox?The DRM is horrible, the fact that it keeps disconnecting from online and throws me off the online challenges is horrible and needs to be fixed. it's not like im in a MP match that it needs to boot me off, this is silly.If I am online in Steam that should be enough for DRM, for god sake its a  SP game, I am sick of these useless online logins with each gameOverall love the detail in the game, lots of AI, many various events taking place in the level.just prefer more weapons and customisation, similar to previous Hitman titles before Absolution where every weapon and melee weapon can be chosen before a level after finishing the game.i like the feature where you can start in various locations after finishing in various wayssorry the review is messy but, i never review games, hitman is a all time favourite though"
,Not Recommended,236870,24769519,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,RetardedCousin_Owl™,"I'll keep it short and simple. The game has potential but is filled with bugs, poor optimization and lacks many features that previous installments had. Just wait for it to leave ""Early Access"" and be officialy released.Maybe then, the game will be worth full price. And last but not least, both SE and IO are to blame for the current state of the game as we speak. SE forcing all the nonsense online only and IO, for being completely incompetent (They usually release patches that fix a few things but also break a few others).And to think that it's 2016 and Blood money still (imo) the best Hitman to date..."
76561198020359436,Not Recommended,236870,22648935,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kfknf911,"love the new fad with games, sell unpolished products as early as possible, rake in cash from us suckers who put our faith into the AAA publishers and developers. for what? required online connection to experience the full content which is already horribly limited. cool, you can replay one level for months at a time and throw in a few new challenges to boot to spice it up in an environment that i was bored with after i already did everything you could do without dipping into the weak and boring challenges, that take place in a level that i nearly know as well as the back of my hand.p.s the back of my hand is not entertaining at all, unless i'm  thinking of trying to play hitman again."
,Recommended,236870,23360710,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,athvna,"Great, runs like trash however. My CPU bottlenecks me."
76561198024022345,Recommended,236870,21788821,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hi buddy waz sup,"I don't understand all the bad reviews. The game runs fine for me and i'm using a NVIDIA GT840M, which isn't really that sort of a card for you'd use for heavy gaming.My only problems is the DRM, that i have to wait every month for a just one new episode and that it's a bit short.Overall it's better than Absolution so far, glad to see the classic Hitman style feel to it again."
,Recommended,236870,21795548,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Chemistry Rich,I enjoyed the Paris level especially - felt a little too easy but I know I could turn off some of the help - and as for saving anytime - I am in two minds about it.  I just save before I take what might be a risk.   UPDATE: The Italy level is excellent - one of the best hitman levels ever.  Huge - multiple paths - some fun characters.
,Recommended,236870,21788871,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ArononymouS,"I've been a fan of Hitman since Hitman 2. Like many others, I consider Blood money to be the best in the series, got some great memories from that game. Personally I kinda enjoyed Absolution, although you had to play it 'right' otherwise it didn't feel like a hitman game at all... too much action and gunplay, plus the AI was kinda hit and miss.After spending my first 6 hours or so with this installment, i feel there's a return to form. This feels much more like hitman games of old, and as much as the negative reviews are because of the way in which this game has been released, it says nothing about the gameplay, which is solid.Costumes actually work this time around and blending in to the crowd is good fun. There's lots of ways to create distractions and diversions to clear yourself a path so you rarely have to come into contact with suspicious characters. Lots of interesting ways to dispatch of your target. I'm ok with the way it's been released, it'll give me chance to get to know each level as they come out, I intend to spend a lot of time in this game so that's fine by me.If it continues like this with future installments, i'll be happy.Good game/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,24910612,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GwenStefaniFAn32,"Fraudulent practice of making you buy the full game before it is released by claiming that new content is DLC, thus some how avoiding an uproar (if it was DLC in the standard regard then the game would have a finished story and more than an intro level from the go).You have the option to buy the DLC one by one but at a higher price. Extortion is not ok.Updates are released at a terrible pace, forcing you to replay the same 3 maps.Terrible idea of having to be online to play this single player game and insulting players by offering an offline option but having none of your saves carry over, so if you want to play when the servers are down you better be ready to replay everything again.The actual gameplay is good, the way it is slowly sharted out post purchase is not."
,Recommended,236870,23360937,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Slade,Love This So Much Because It Reminds Me Of The Older Hitman Games
,Not Recommended,236870,30831379,Posted: 30 March,all,Fuzzy IRL,"My connection is working just fine (I am publishing this review), but the Hitman game tells me that my connection is offline and that I can't play in online mode, which unlocks the challenges and the things that make the game fun. Total garbage requirement to be constantly connected to the server."
,Not Recommended,236870,24529307,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CH\/RCH,"Never buying any game episodically, ever again. This is by far the worst sales model for any game, ever. There was literally nothing wrong with the usual single-time transaction that 99.98 percent of other developers follow. Hell, even F2P models don't force you to buy the SAME CONTENT TWICE, in order to get the full content of the game. Oh yeah, the review. This game is garbage. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,236870,21868950,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,571424767,Interesting but not enough
76561198026416037,Not Recommended,236870,21835846,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Hustler,they literally f*cked my favourite game series :(
,Recommended,236870,22560994,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,XXxCHOI_BOIxXX,meh
76561198057313502,Recommended,236870,25389021,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,novice_brewsmith,"Sqaure Enix is sh*t, don't get me wrong.  The pricing structure of this game is f*cked, so don't buy the episodes individually or you will miss out on content. You can get a pretty good discount on the whole package at green man gaming, like 20% off or something. So take all of that with a huge grain of salt.Well, i'll tell you after being disappointed in Hitman: Absolution this game is a return to form for the series.  I have played every game except Codename 47 and nothing else comes as close to the glory of Blood Money than this. The HUD is completely customizable so any mission assists can be turned off, which is great for Hitman veterans who want a pure experience. Also, the levels are sprawling labyrinths with alternate paths and secrets hidden all over the place.  It really rewards exploration. Also, if you feel like there aren't enough missions, each map has ""escalations"" which let you take out a bunch of secondary targets in specific ways.I'm really happy with it.  So I recommend the game.  But beware of Square Enix money grubbing tendancies, and buy at your own risk."
76561197971483969,Not Recommended,236870,24017619,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,no step on snek,TRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVERTRYING TO CONNECT TO THE HITMAN(TM) SERVER
,Not Recommended,236870,24739507,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DadNoobGAMING™,"i love this game. dont get me wrong. but ♥♥♥♥ing this only ONLINE♥♥♥♥♥♥ where is the buying mods for guns, my showcase room. the ai shoot house. WHOSE MY ♥♥♥♥ING BARN BEHIND THE CHURCH DAMNIThitman has changed, and im not liking the direction."
,Not Recommended,236870,28632895,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pascal Leroux,Need to always be online in order to play and the requirements need a beefy pc in order for it to run smoothly. Avoid.
76561197997425998,Not Recommended,236870,21857926,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,jersy360,the beta works better than the actual game.thats all you need to know.
,Recommended,236870,21795662,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Vyross,"Getting the bad out of the way:* Always-on DRM is bad and lame and should never happen again, SQUARE ENIX.* Episodic content I have mixed feelings about. Would have preferred whole game for $60. Spent $60 on the ""complete experience"" so I'd have the right to complain about that.* Lots of people are reporting technical difficulty. I am mercifully not one of them. Windows 10, GTX 980, latest drivers.Confusing things:* There's supposedly an offline mode. I could not figure out where the hell this offline mode is and how to turn it on. Halp.Good things:* The crowds of Absolution, and very little else from Absolution.* Contract mode.* Escalations are super fun, I was doubtful at first but well done.* Only a few enemies can see through disguises. So far, this encourages creativity rather than stifling it.* I have gotten in zero gunfights.* Lets you screw up royally the way Blood Money did.* Gives you MANUAL SAVES (!!!)* Auto-saves are on a timer. Why? Because there's NO CHOKE POINTS (!!!) and the levels are NOT LINEAR (!!!)* Instinct is not necessary, and can be disabled, along with the mini map, enemy icons, awareness indicators, opportunities, and tutorial text.On the whole, it's a pretty worthy successor to Blood Money. Gameplay-wise, they have clearly learned from their mistakes. The business and technical aspects of things seem to be pretty sloppy, and we shouldn't simply forgive that. Square Enix needs to get their house in order - and I do not mean their studios, I mean SQUARE ENIX - and we need to hold them accountable.But, do I recommend HITMAN? Hell yes I do. We live in a day and age of Steam Refunds, if you buy it and it doesn't work or you can't get the online portion to connect, then return it! Otherwise, get ready for Hitman the way it was always supposed to be - not a cover shooter, but a complex, systems-based murder puzzle game."
,Recommended,236870,21862537,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,alexk1208,"The game is really good. People are giving bad reviews because you dont get all of the stuff (stats, etc) after the mission and they get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off but Im always connected so I really enjoyed this game. It is 3 missions for 17.99 CAD and there is about 10 different ways to do each mission. Would recommend."
,Recommended,236870,21802482,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,XiviD',Hitman is back. Love it!
,Not Recommended,236870,21770718,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Miles_of_Memes,Only 1 freaking level.(Not counting the 2 awful tutorial levels)Always online DRM.Take a skip on this title and all others until Square Enix figures out what they are doing.
,Recommended,236870,21880148,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Odin,Back to the early days of Hitman! I enjoyed part one and look forward to the rest of the relases! I dont finish many games these days bug this is one I will for sure! I am not sure about the performance issues many people are having but I did not have any issues running the game on my laptop on high at 1920x1080.
,Recommended,236870,21819699,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ShArp,"HITMAN Episode 1 Review:As a big pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that I can be when it comes to picking up the little details that I dislike, those aside, I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE Showstopper. Seriously I was Very skeptic week before its release (maybe that way its better?) but to my surprise I turned out to be one of the best Hitman experiences I ever had. Simply put -I can't stop playing it.Yes there are problems like:Allways online DRM and poor optimization (which hopefully will be patched soon).Lack of blood with some animations, some sound glitches - those are all can be fixed with upcoming updates aswel.Take in mind that IOI is listening to us. Remember how we all wanted, now famous, ""Baby-face 47"" to be gone? IOI completely changed his face model to look exactly like in CGI trailer and I dare to say that now its the best looking 47's face model we ever had.Seriously, nitpicking aside, from gameplay and level design perspective - this is all that I could have ever wished from a Hitman game, considering what Blood Money worshiper I am.Showstopper is:MASSIVE and by that I mean that pretty much every space / room it in has its purpose in the level - its not just an empty space for the sake of beeing ""space"".Insanely detailed and rich with content. I mean I play it on PC with all settings maxed out to Ultra and boy oh boy it looks SHARP! Visually its stunning, I cant find better word for it to describe. It literally took me about 3-4 hrs on my first playtrough to figure out how to eliminate my targets. I was simply lost in the immense amount of on-going things/events around me. And I still am.The world feels like it's trully alive. If you take your time and dont rush it, you can hear so many interesting stories and even Easter Eggs told by NPCs - and thank God those are not cheesy Absolution 'jokes'. Really love all the living feel of the level.It offers Ridiculous replay value for a price tag of 13 Euros (in a good way ofc) - according to my Steam account I have already spent over 12 hrs in-game and I didn't even felt it. That's how good it is for me. I haven't even done more 40% of whats possible in this first Episode, nor even started doing my 'perfectionist' speedruns yet. I don't want to rush myself just yet because I feel like it would be a mistake hah!So far, with best things yet to come (Elusive targets and rewards) - I would rate this first episode with a VERY SOLID 8+/10. Once server problems will be taken care off and optimisation patches released - Im sure I could easily rate it 9/10 or even 10/10Great ♥♥♥♥ing work IO-Interactive! Now excuse me, I need to use a bathroom!"
,Recommended,236870,26440346,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Red.Monkey |,Are  you kidding me i paid 52 Euro for the game i bouth all the dlcs seperatly and bouth the starter pack thats 8x5+13=53 AND I DONT GET THE FULL GAME. Like why i bouth every thing paid even more like how the #$%! Guys please or refund all my money so i can buy the compleet game in one pice or just give me acces to the whole game...
,Recommended,236870,26845611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Parsnip,GOTY
,Recommended,236870,26729561,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Silly Pants McNanner Hands,"This is the best Hitman I have ever played, and that is what all of these reviews are going to say despite being negative. Because of that, I definitely reccomend it. Yes you are required to be online 24/7, but I have horrible internet (300kb/s) down here NEXT to the Canadian Border, and my servers havent lost connection once. Buy it, it's great game and worth the money."
,Recommended,236870,26357750,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Craigy,A great and fun hitman game one of the best they have ever made only thing they need too tweak is leaderboards and score you on stuff like suit only and etc... not be so time based i recommend you buy this if you love stealth this is a worthy title for game of the year
,Recommended,236870,28019745,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rusty,"Best Hitman since Blood Money. Now thanks to the patch everybody can play this game offline too, so be happy."
,Recommended,236870,27166751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Amplituhedron,Lvl design and lvl art / attention to detail are some of the best I've ever seen.The blood money style social stealth gameplay formula is enourmously fun in these magnificent lvls.Default settings are basically a built in walkthrough. I think it is most fun to play it with all the gameplay hud options off. It seems ballanced perfectly with 0 hud options really pretty easy to notice stuff if you are patient and listen.Truly a masterpiece. A dream of this long time pcgamer has been fullfilled. The always online requirement is annoying but very minor. I really hope all the babyrage on the steam reviews don't hurt sales or convince the publisher to make a different game for season 2.
76561198000640261,Recommended,236870,33153738,Posted: 2 July,all,deltatag,"Absolutely great. It goes back to the roots of the franchise and is a wonderful game. Sadly the beginning was rocky with Square Enix screwing up everything from the beginning. Now that IO are an independent studio I look forward to everything they bring to Season 2.If you like puzzle games, if you like dark humor or any previous Hitman games before Absolution, in short, buy this game."
,Recommended,236870,33229777,Posted: 4 July,all,isshun_boshi,"aside from a lousy voice casting and some weird collision mechanics, i safely say that HITMAN is back to it roots again, after failing in Absolution.NPC voice casting was really bad, no accents on natives like moroccan and japanese, weird pronunciation especially in japanese... kinda ruins the immersion but yeah i can live with that... i just want to kill that greeter in hokkaido level everytime i pass by (o genki desuka... spoken like a weird broken japanese)Hitman games from best to worst:Blood MoneyHITMANContractsSilent AssassinsCodename 47Absolutioncongrats for being indie again IOI! will surely keep supporting this series!"
,Recommended,236870,26489161,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rusty,"When you look past all of the bad business practices and the always online DRM, this game really is the Blood Money 2 we all have been longing for. Each map have been given outstanding amounts of detail and care put into them, which also incentivizes players to really appreciate replaying and perfect how you think and play a Hitman game. As Season 1 stands right now, there is enough content to keep players busy for hours on end."
,Recommended,236870,27602715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SPYderman,"Now that the first season is out I can completly reccommend this game 100%. This game might not be my GOTY (Dark Souls 3 took that a while ago) but this is def my Stealth Game of The Year.Now I never really completed a Hitman game before, most I ever played were the first few levels of Blood Money and Absolution. I feel like this is a perfect mix of both games mechanics with a super focus on being sneaky, something that Absolution was really weak in.The replay value in this game is astounding and this is coming from somebody who normally dosent replay video games right off the bat. There are so many ways that you can take out all your targets and most of them are pretty smart with how they play out. There is also the Live portion of the game which involves Elusive Targets and reward you with some cool suits you can use across all locations if you succeed in them.If anything I say pick up the first 2 episodes to try it out as episode 2 is hands down the best location of the whole 1st season."
,Recommended,236870,27182357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rerez,"The first year of content was worth the price of admission. Tons of intresting level designs, unlockables, weapons, tactitics, assiasinations, and quite possibly the best game play and controls the Hitman series has ever seen."
,Recommended,236870,26552392,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tyler Ricky,Probably the best Hitman simply. Great game.Probablement le meilleur Hitman tout simplement. Excellent jeu.
,Recommended,236870,26860000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mask Off,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,236870,26505030,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,EGLE,I dont understand all the hate
,Recommended,236870,28203308,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Forkball,"While Hitman Absolution tried to force the series into an AAA mold, IO has gone back to what made the series interesting with deep and diverse gameplay that rewards creativity.  There really isn't any series like Hitman.  It's not pure stealth, it's not pure action, but instead mixes the genres together (along with puzzles) to allow players to tackle each mission in their own style.  Every map is different and you'll actually want to play them more than once (or more than ten times in my case).  The Contracts mode, player created missions, are greatly expanded from Absolution and is one of the best features the game has to offer.  I am constantly impressed by what people come up with.  This game is a must play, even if you've never touched a Hitman game before."
,Recommended,236870,32871999,Posted: 27 June,all,Qyuri,"For people who love Hitman, this is a must have. Because of the monthly elusive targets, you'll surely spend more time in this game."
,Recommended,236870,27772292,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zyber lame-o,Everything about this game is Hitman distilled to its core essences and injected into your veinI'm ODing on murdering jerksnever stop 47
,Recommended,236870,32629415,Posted: 21 June,all,terrymcgrady,"It's a little lack of cotents comparing to the previous titles. The always online requirement is simply stupid. But the shortcomings above are compensated by the huge and detailed maps. It definitely worth the money during the sale.Please don't use the intel hints before you eveasdroping conversations, or it will ruin all your surprises."
,Recommended,236870,28523984,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ye man,"While the new entry in the Hitman series may have had a rough start, the game has shaped up to be a worthy succesor to Hitman: Blood Money as it offers the same freedom as the 2006 title had, as well as a great deal of content, replayability, and great level design."
76561198159241156,Recommended,236870,32903873,Posted: 27 June,all,Wisdom,10/10. GOTY/Waiting for Season 2. otherwise 6 missions is just nothing for relevance of a game.
,Recommended,236870,21808860,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TheSpearGod,"It's short but there's a lot of replayability in what's there. For 15 bucks is not too bad. The problem is it's packaged with DRM that boots you out of the singleplayer if you go offline and the game does not perform particularly well. The lighting is also glitched for me, causing it to flicker and scatter in weird ways. Noticeable and annoying, though the game is still playable.Buy if/when it's patched.Edit: Well, I need to revisit as I got sucked into the challenges. There are several ways to go about each mission and the challenges are sort of ticking off the boxes for taking different approaches. Paris is the only one that gives you rewards, such as extra drops, starting points, equipment, etc. to tackle the mission with. This gives you a reason to go back and take the mission on from different angles.It really depends on the person if you're going to find that interesting. Once you get a path down you'll probably use it every time as it's optimal or provides you with a costume to quickly get around. This means by your 3rd playthrough you've probably seen a good amount of what there is to see and you'll be going through the motions for the rest of 'em. I've bagged 11 hours so far and while I had a lot of fun I can't lie that a lot of it was just repeating the same steps over and over. That doesn't mean there aren't other ways, but taking the path of least resistance can many times get you where you want to.You can get good mileage for $15, and at least you'll see if you even want to give the rest of the game a go. I still think it'd be best to wait 'til all the missions drop since you can go at it in one go and waiting a month for the next locale is kind of a drag, but if you liked spending time figuring out things in the previous games I think you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,236870,27863993,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,andrew-film,"Say what you want, this is a top-notch Hitman game. Level design is amazing. Don't care about ""always online""."
,Recommended,236870,26472507,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Through the years Hitman has gone through constant revisions, flip-flopping between story driven action adventure, and sandbox murder simulator.  Blood Money felt like the correct blend of every ingredient,  a snapshot in time where IO managed to create a nearly perfect sandbox assassination sim.  Then Absolution came along and shook everything up again, pushing the series away from the sandbox and into highly scripted 'cinematic' take on Hitman that felt entirely at odds with what attracted me to the series to begin with.  Remember that part where you spent an entire mission carefully sneaking through a building only to have a pre rendered cutscene totally undermine what your character just did?  Yeah.   Not great.With the taste of Absolution still in my mouth when I started playing, I wasn't expecting much.  And that makes it all the sweeter to say that this new Episodic Hitman might actually be a better game than Blood Money was. At least, I'm enjoying it more.   The stealth mechanics finally feel *fair* with only certain NPCs being able to see through your disguise.  Y'know, ones that could plausibly tell you apart from the man who's clothes you're wearing?  i.e  That guy's boss, or people who worked close to him.  This is a HUGE step up from the previous games where NPCs were either 100% oblivious to the fact that their co-worker had gone from being short and hairy to tall and bald, or, (as was the case in Absolution) preternaturally aware of your disguises.I will say that I followed some advice before I started playing and disabled two of the newer Hitman features which seem to have been introduced to smooth out the difficulty curve for newcomers to the series.  These are ""Opportunities"" and ""Instinct"", both of which, I feel, do not add anything to the game and actually remove some of the feeling of exploration that is an integral part of the Hitman experience.  It's not for me to tell you how to play your game, but I would advise you at least consider disabling these features if you are finding the experience too hand-holdy.Well, that's about all I can say.  They did it.  This is the Blood Money sequel we all deserved.  It feels great to finally be invested in the Hitman franchise again, and I can't wait to see what they do with Season 2!P.S.A lot of the negative reviews on here mention the ""online singleplayer"" feature of the game.  While I can't say I'm a fan of the concept,  in practice I have found it works fine and has not disconnected me at any time thus far.  I am not discounting other people's experiences, but it may not be as large of an issue as you would assume from the reviews.  Bear that in mind."
76561198063335518,Recommended,236870,30618414,Posted: 19 March,all,ZeCaptain,"I don't know if I can recommend this game highly enough.  I got the game during a sale, but would genuinely consider paying full-price now knowing just how much content and pure fun (often mixed with frustration for my own mistakes) there is to be had in this game.  While it seems that there are only 6 levels, if you're dedicated, you'll be playing them more times than you can count in completely different ways to accomplish challenges and increase level mastery to 20.  In addition to the main story, there are also the time-sensitive elusive targets, level escalation missions, and the community contracts, some of which are made for entertainment while others serve to satisfy challenges like Bangkok's ""Himmapan Horror"" set.The recent addition of professional difficulty, which can be accessed once you hit level 20 mastery on a destination, basically starts you back at mastery level 0.  You'll need go through and unlock alt starts and smuggling areas all over again on a much more difficult version of the level.  Extra guards are added to commonly used areas, cameras send real-time feedback, only one save is allowed per game, etc.  This creates a much more punishing, but by no means impossible, type of gameplay for levels that you thought you knew and mastered.Yes, there are occasional physics/clipping issues, even when running the newest GTX on the latest drivers.  I've had a few knock-outs drop in what is essentially slow motion, there's been some body warping, and I've been inexplicably spotted through a solid wall more than once.  The one thing I wish would change is that the trespassing isn't always clear until it's too late.  I even failed an elusive target because I walked into a trespassing area that is normally fine for the disguise that I was wearing, but not for that mission...so I was immediately shot to death.  I've been playing a bit more cautiously/thoughtfully since then, but honestly guard dialogue/reactions should be a bit more en pointe.  Overall though, those kinds of issues are few and far between and don't greatly effect playing."
,Recommended,236870,26473881,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ShadyYash,"Hitman is a return to the amazing franchise after Hitman Absolution. The episodic nature of the game somehow fits with the story telling  of Hitman. The replay value of each episode is HUGE. After learning and absorbing everything going on in a location you get this 'lived in' feeling while you run through the roads of this murder simulator. The game can be played in stealth or absolute mayhem, but the low HP of Agent 47, won't really help you with the mayhem here. The story is not like the most epic ones but jad it surprising moments and is clearly above the mediocre stories nowadays shown. Elusive targets, escalation contracts, contracts mode just adds so much to my playtime. I absolutely recommend it to everyone and to the Hitman fans who are reading this, shame on you for not buying this yet if you haven't. The online DRM thing didn't bother me much, but i can understand how people with bad internet connections will be affected by this.Season 1 was the bomb, season 2 is a must buy for me now! Best Hitman game yet. More like Blood Money 2."
76561197970566982,Not Recommended,236870,26696280,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mogs,"Always online DRM for a single player game that doesn't even work. Keep getting 'failed to connect' errors despite internet being fine my end. Game breaking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Will persevere as I like the Hitman games, but what a shame they decided to go down this dumb route."
76561198062313774,Recommended,236870,26365079,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Vengeful Iguana,Smashing heads with coconuts @.@
,Recommended,236870,26362668,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SolidRustle,"This is an in-progress review. (I will keep this updated as I progress through the episodes)[Online connection required]First of all I would like to get the biggest flaw out of the way: This game requires you to be online in order to use all the features including: unlocking items, escalation mode, elusive target, contract mode. The only mode available offline is story mode. However, I'm not about to be one of these people that based their review on the always online fiasco, reviews are meant to focus on the content not angry gamers spamming ""not recommend"" for 30fps or DRM (funny how the biggest digital store has such a flawed reviewing system in place)[Episodic release/Future content]Second of all, let's talk about episodic release eventhough the game is now completed FIRST season. I made the purchase a few days before the final episode released but that is not the issue that plagued gamers about releasing episodically. People worry about buying into an unfinished product as well as the lack of content. Let me assure you, 22 hours of my playtime has been me exploring mostly the first two episodes, I've only ran through episode 3 once. THAT, is how huge and packed the levels are, the joy of finding new approach or path from previous hitman is there, only 10 times more loaded. Episodic release WORKS for Hitman; sure it would be better to have a complete game from the get-go, but the fact that I'm enjoying repeating and exploring the first two levels instead of progressing on even when I have the completed game reflecting the quality as well as quantity in term of scale and flexibility of each level released, which can keeps your interest for quite sometime until future content comes along.TLDR: online requirement is a major flaw but should not be the main factor on whether the game is recommended or not. Episodic works well with the content released.*to be continued*[Gameplay][Graphics & Optimization]"
,Recommended,236870,27725335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cønker,Episodic format done right. GOTY 2016. Season two can't come soon enough.
,Recommended,236870,22763452,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Super Vegito,"Really fun game, i'd give it overall 7/10. DRM issues are still there, but now you can play offline and it won't disconnect you from the server in the middle of the game.The story is subtle but great, it's fun to have classic Hitman game . Graphics are ok, but physics are much better than previous games.I only have 2 major problems with this game though :1- It doesn't feel like a TRUE Hitman game. The game holds your hand throughout the entire story, IT EVEN TELLS YOU WERE TO GO TO PICK SOMETHING UP AND IT HAS  MARKERS!! If you don't understand what I mean, imagine a hitman where it would tell you on the map where the poison is, and it actually tells you to go get it, then once you get the poison it shows you where to go to put it in the target's glass,etc. Yes the game really does that, you need to turn off 7+ options to remove this hand holding, which is very annoying . There's no ''purist mode'' like in Absolution2- Too expensive. There are gonna have 7 missions, meaning you'll be paying 70$ , but each Mission won't take you more than 1-2hrs. I think that's a lot of money for 12 hours of gameplay"
76561197962660651,Recommended,236870,22905800,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kurylo3D,"Best hitman game in the series! They brought back what made hitman great.. and thats the infiltration, the hiding in plane site... Back to the original formula, but now more large scale levels, more side stories, more options on how to take out your mark. Its just a master peice now.. dont know how else to describe it."
,Recommended,236870,22906673,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Motsie,"Excellent and fun game with plenty of ways to kill targets, and a true sequel to Hitman Blood Money in everyway possible. This is the sandbox hitman we were all waiting for around Absolution's release.The timed release model sucks, but I don't conflate that with gameplay. The gameplay in this title is absolutely solid. If you want to experience the entire story at once, wait for the game to be fully 'released' by the end of the year. Otherwise, I'm pretty sure most older Hitman fans will appreciate the new methods of madness in this world of assassination."
,Recommended,236870,22757248,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MicroPowerpoint,"I was abit sketchy about the episodic way Hitman is going, but since the 2nd level released, it seems to be worth it with tonnes of options and detail put into them. Let's hope the next episodes are are just as good or better.Overrall, this is a good Hitman game, less absolution, more blood money."
,Recommended,236870,22826162,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DPV,"Cosa dire...a me personalmente piace.Si, è pur vero che c'è da attendere per i contenuti e questa cosa è un po una rottura, anche se l'attesa sembrerebbe ben ripagata.La giocabilità torna la classica dei vecchi titoli con l'aggiunta dei movimenti di Absolution che ti danno modo di uccidere e non i modi differenti a seconda di come si preferisce giocare.Sicuramente l'elemento vincente sono le mappe. Bellissime!Per chi è rimasto forse un po deluso da parigi, (che per quanto possa sembrare piccola è comunque un bel luogo da esplorare e studiare) Sapienza sicuramente darà più spirito al gameplay. Enorme, magnifica, curatissima nei dettagli. Ti vien quasi più voglia di vivertela che giocarci quasi.Molti potrebbero lamentarsi del fatto che vengono mostrate scorciatoie per completare gli obbiettivi, ma fortunatamente sono disattivabili e si può procedere per la maniera desiderata.Bello anche che per ogni travestimento c'è sempre da stare attenti nel caso ci dovessero essere persone che ti potrebbero riconoscere, e che se scoperti ci si può nascondere non solo in cassonetti ma anche tra la folla o mimetizzarsi con l'ambiente leggendo un giornale su una panchina. Insomma...tanta roba.Per fare un esempio, sapienza se si conosce come mappa si potrebbe finire subito. Ma io me la sono goduta in quasi 4 ore di gioco.Spero che anche se molto random come recensione sia servita a darvi qualche dritta. Potrei scrivere di meglio ma sono pigro.E comunque è un 8/10 per me."
,Recommended,236870,22781316,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,jedibaby12,"This hitman game is a lot like hitman blood money and it's worth picking up with it running well on my PC with a mid range GPU andthe online DRM is quite annoying to say the least with it pushing you out of game your in, this is fixable by turning the game offline."
76561198138494817,Recommended,236870,22772509,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Edghe,"I dont understand all the negative reviews.IMO the 2 real levels we have are just as good as blood money's levels.My only problem is the whole episodic marketing scheme, its worse than preorders.Still i love it and personally as a long time fan of Hitman, Ive been very surpised by how good the actually game play is!"
,Recommended,236870,22758262,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The Lamb Sauce,"A lot of the reviews for this game don't even mention what for me is the most important part of a game... THE GAMEPLAY!This game is absolutely amazing and incredibly polished and detailed. If you can get over the episodic nature, having to wait a month for each level as well as the potential performance issues (most of which are resolved including the disconnections problems) then this game is a blast!"
76561198090469251,Recommended,236870,23199997,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Fast reaction(No Sound),Recommend...
,Not Recommended,236870,29094178,Posted: 7 January,all,TheGreenman,"EDIT: This review will change IF the points made within are changed in game.Ok here's the deal.  The game itself is pretty solid.  If you remove the context of what you're doing, it's a stealth puzzle game.  Use whatever is at your disposal (disguises, gadgets, weapons) to eliminate targets in multiple ways.  The hangup that most people have is the online requirement.Recently they put in an offline mode that allows you to play with what you've unlocked so far.  However, you can't play offline and complete challenges to progress in getting more drop locations, gear, or starting locations.  You have to be connected to their servers for that.  This doesn't mean that levels are locked out.  You can play them in any order you want regardless of what you've already completed (as long as you own that mission).  You can have the best ISP with no issues.... but if you can't sign in or get kicked out, you really are just playing in some form of practice mode where your progress doesn't count.  This doesn't mean that levels are locked out.  You can play them in any order you want regardless of what you've already completed (as long as you own that mission).  I really like the game, but it's only complete when their servers are working and that's not something that you want in a single player game.  I'm going to keep playing it because I already own it, but I cannot recommend paying money for this."
76561198062053834,Not Recommended,236870,30281231,Posted: 2 March,all,"Dĕus Tŏnĭtrŭi    *""G·L™""*",The worse IA of all hitmanCopy and pasted animations of all NPCAlways online for a SINGLE PLAYER GAMECrappy contracts modeNo weapon customizationNo money systemHorrible gun physicsit is an ONLINE game dont buy it if u dont have a good internet conection
76561198007394958,Not Recommended,236870,30078717,Posted: 21 February,all,Maño78,"In my opinion this isn't as bad as Absolution, but it's not as good as the old classics either, the old magic and attention to detail is missing despite larger zones.  Also, the same accents wherever you go in the world is just ridiculous and immersion-breaking."
,Recommended,236870,33214727,Posted: 3 July,all,Icel,"One of the best games I've played in a while, fit right into my gameplay preferences with stealth, puzzle elements, slow methodically approach, trail and error."
,Recommended,236870,28096193,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dreamlicker,"Hitman is Hitman again and it's fun!It's a game for the completionist freaks out there. You'll want to maximize your points, unlock to approaches, weapons and so on.It's also a very beautiful game with good sound design.Though you might recognize a few voice actors and they get a little repetitive.The always online DRM thing is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb, but I never had any troubles with it.You get a lot of game for a low price."
76561198354007330,Recommended,236870,30690664,Posted: 23 March,all,♛ Bruda ♛,Love Everything About The Game
,Recommended,236870,27805802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RainbowLox,"Hitman (2016) was a really nice suprise.after reading all the reviews i was expecting a mediocre eh, will be worth my time but nothing i will want to replay sorta game. but it quickly because my personal goty. the replayability is huge, and all the challenges are alot of fun to complete.the game looks great visually, aslong as you have a decent rig, as per usual glacier looks nice but butchers performance.Now, the main complaints i see are people complaining its in episodesnow with this one, all i can say is wait until end of season like i did, but for some reason they think season 2 is another part of THIS game. as in more episodes on this game. you should treat season 2 just like a normal sequel. and buy them in order like you normally would if you really want to. the other one is online only, which appears people cant do there research because the Campaign is playable offline, with no unlocks sadly, but that is still a huge portion of the game, and the main thing i'd EXPECT to be available offline.If you are a fan of the previous hitmans, have a good enough rig to run it, and you aren't bothered about online only for alot of the game, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,236870,33256440,Posted: 4 July,all,Porter&Mia,Kill a guy for a set of clothesGet spotted when changing clothesChase the witness all the way across the mapKill him with pistolGet spotted againChase the witness all the way across the mapKIll him with pistolBest Game 10/10
,Recommended,236870,31476370,Posted: 30 April,all,gangsta's paradise by coolio,"8/10, would hit men againpros- can hit men- noisy or quiet- excellent hitting- such good men to hitcons- not so many men to hit- very hard game for computer to run- hard hard men to hit (but that is also good)- expensive expensive hitting gameI've got a pretty new laptop and a mediocre but steady internet connection.I have had only very limited technical problems with this game, and it's been really really fun.This game is a series of intricate puzzle-boxes with moving human-shaped parts. Some of them, you're supposed to kill. Most of them you are supposed to leave alone. But you don't have to! You can pretty much strangle anyone you want. Also you can throw a pair of scissors directly into a person's face. Then hide them in a broom closet! Steal their clothes.This is pretty much my first experience with stealth games, and I was delighted to discover that you can play through these missions sloppy as heck and it's just as, if not even more fun. Disguise yourself as a chef then creep into a surgery theatre and hurl knives at everyone's necks! The game is very good at giving you options, enough options so you'll often feel as though you ""came up with it yourself.""The combat is extremely satisfying, as is pulling off a perfect sneak. The levels are really beautiful, even if sometimes you feel like you don't have time to fully explore them. With only six levels (and a training level), though, you'll be playing levels over and over to get better scores and unlock new gear. In my opinion, the gear progression could have gone a little deeper, but it gives you incentive to improve.A lot has been made of the game's technical requirements (including always-online DRM), but I haven't personally had any problems (aside from the launcher crashing, which is, it seems, pretty common, and repairable). My laptop (last year's lenovo gaming laptop) runs this game really well at medium settings and it looks gorgeous. Controller support is automatic and flawless for me. My internet connection is not great, but I've never been booted or crashed because of connectivity issues. Maybe I've just been very lucky? Idk. Buy this game if it's on sale."
,Recommended,236870,27965825,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sweet_AK-47,"Okay so this is going to be my first game review because this game I feel it getting a lot of mixed reviews.Pros- Great graphics (not the best for this generation but you wont seem to notice if you liked Absolutions graphics)-Great replaybility - Hitman: Blood Money style choices (with hints for newer players)- Good sound quality/voice acting-Limited weapon loadout (this ia a pro and a con) but coins should be included every level no questions asked. Thelmited options though forces players to be creative. Also adding weapons that you leave levels with would be a nice addition like Blood Money.- Offline Avaliable (As of Nov 28th, 2016 they added the ability to play offiline)Cons- Short Campaign - Replaybility is high but their are only six missions.The fact that PS4 gets exclusivty to the Sarajevo 6 seems like a stupid way to get players on PS4 while limiting the content on other platforms. I was planning on buying disk version for PS4 but the sale convinced me otherwise.- Frame rate drops (randomly occur throughout game and during cutsccenes - downgrading shadows seems to help somewhat avoid)- Level quality issues - The fact this game was episodically released means some levels are polished really well while others were left in the dust. Hokkaido and the Prologue missions definetely serve as the mostly polished levels.- Weapon loadouts. The thing is that many options now included are great but some of the changes seem weird. The fact that I can't use my poison syringe to poison drinks or food is weird. The fact I can't carry two M1911 (Silver ballers) is weird as it was the staple of Absolution.- NPC Intelligence - The thing is that this was an issue of Absolution and most games but alot of the NPCs are really stupid or weirdly smart. The moment I fiber wire a target behind a wall and somehow a random employees sees what's happening really destroys the atmosphere. Also disguises with maskes need to be able to not be recognized especially if not a single part of the fact is showing.Overall, in this generation it feels like games are being released unpatched with lots of issues. My best advice for those thinking of buying this game is wait for it go on sale buy it for $29.99 (all the episodes) and do not not pay $60. I feel really bad for those who paid full price for a half-game. This game is defintely fun and I am going to invest alot of hours into it but the glarring graphics issues, and short campaign make it a $25 game not a $60 one. I hope in the future that Square Enix invest more time in the game and release a full game polished in all worth $60 like Blood Money."
,Recommended,236870,27005450,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JustJim89,"Ignore the reviews from people who are angry about it being always online, or the episodic release. This is the greatest realization of the Hitman franchise to date, and it outshines every other game in the series, including Blood money, by a country mile. The episodic release played into the nature of the game perfectly, and now that it's all out it absolutely deserves to be played by everyone. Or else we may end up with another Absolution."
,Recommended,236870,32694411,Posted: 23 June,all,Gamer,"gameplay is good, but on the technical side it is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236870,33032596,Posted: 30 June,all,drysalter,"Never been much of a fan of the Hitman games. However, when they released a demo of HITMAN, with a linux version to boot, I had to check it out.I was not disappointed. I bought the game immediately afterwards. There are so many fun ways to complete your mission, and you can spend hours on just one of them."
,Recommended,236870,28442656,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ArcticH4wk,"If you're a fan of the earlier games, this one won't disappoint. Can be a little overwhelming at first, the game lets you choose how you approach it and there are oh so many ways. For a challenge, you can turn off some of the options and make it an improved Blood Money.Overall, there is so much content, it will easily take you over 100 hours to 100% complete the game. Well worth it."
76561197987072903,Recommended,236870,23313662,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,I'm a dirty slut,"Couldn't you find voice actors that sound the slightest bit ethnic? There is something jarring about walking through a crowd of Morracans with suburban Canadian accents.When a shoulder checked Morracan gives me a ""HI DIDDLY HO THERE"", something feels off. Or that protest leader Macaulay Culkin giving a sociology 101 lecture about ""Sycophantic affluent scandanavians pilfering from us Morracans, wink wink""."
76561197983197663,Recommended,236870,25774038,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LIINKFX,"I'm a huge fan of Hitman going back to the original game on my first PC after many many old Mac computers.  My brother and I played the original and the sequel so many times it's bordering on sickness. We are big fans of Contracts as well and Blood Money is the refinement of the series entire philosophy. You don't really need more Hitman games after that point-which Absolution deftly proved. You can't or you shouldn't mess with perfection-even though the game is eye candy for fans of the original series, the narrative was pedestrian at best, and at worst an unwatchable mess. No one plays the Hitman games for the story, really- his origin is a joke and those levels only work as an intro to the playstyle-his actual origin story is incredibly weak.The new game respects the amount of narrative that was found in the original and somewhat meets it in the middle of Absolution, without the vapid trashy vibe of that game.  I love how open the levels are and they remind me of the best levels in Blood Money and Absolution, and thankfully with the episodic nature, you're given ample time to best through each level without powering through a whole narrative. I appreciate it. I've never been one to play through any game all at once, and with Hitman especially-eveyone has their favorite levels they return to...this is just a simplified version of what the real hardcore fans of the franchise wanted.  Sure, is it mildly annoying to wait a month between installments? Yes, a little bit-but you should be aware of what you're paying for before you put your hard earned money down. I like the casual vibe of being able to, and encouraged to explore as much as possible-the exact opposite of Absolution.  I do wish they'd just make another game like Blood Money- a full single player, wide open and epic experience, but perhaps that model of game is no longer en vogue for all but the most prestige AAA titles.  I believe something more like Grand Theft Auto or Red Dead Redemption would suit this series best, a fully realized full explorable world, not limited to a city, where you can hop on a plane and travel the globe, explore without missions and canvas buildings before your hits to plan things out, but for now this game will do, and it does it marvelously."
76561198006577905,Not Recommended,236870,26766695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Professor Von Batman,"Bought this in the sale but refunded because of sluggish menu and it taking ages to connect and then disconnecting within 10 mins.A single player game being always online is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice but it wouldn't have bothered me if it actually worked. Shame, the small bits i was able to play looked pretty decent."
76561198047611189,Not Recommended,236870,30145339,Posted: 24 February,all,Shock and Awe,"I had high expectations about this game, and it has some good ideas but the bad just overshadows the good, so here it goes:GOOD-graphics-some level design (Sapienza, Japan)BAD-it just doesn't feel like a Hitman game of old-gameplay is klunky somewhat, feels outdated and restrictive-stealth is not properly executed-Agent 47 is totaly out of his charisma of old, it could be anybody else-music is repeated and very un-Hitman like, lack of Jesper Kyd shows-developers are expecting us to replay the level countless times to unlock some BS equipment, this is total failure-elusive targets are just people walking or sitting somewhere with a constant two bodyguards around them, so you can't really make an original kill, and you are supossed to know and remember every inch of a level to complete the challenge to unlock some useless suit-fluent English is spoken all around the globe, making the immersion non existent and the chit chat is pure cringefest.-guns are pretty much useless, because you get no rewards for shooting anything (except sniper shots)-you can carry loads of equipment with you and it's not seen anywhere on the Agent 47 (except rifles)I really wanted to like this Hitman, but Silent Assassin, Contracts, Blood money and even Absolution are leagues ahead in atmosphere, characters, music and everything that made Hitman a memorable game."
,Recommended,236870,32474915,Posted: 16 June,all,Seventh Arrow,"Hitman No Subtitle is, I think, possibly the best game in the series - maybe even more so than the vaunted Blood Money. It's true that there's not much in the way of an overarching story, but the Hitman games have never been so much about story - except maybe Absolution (and it wasn't much of a story at that) - as they are bits of plot to string together a bunch of murder maps.It's interesting the way that each map will have its own set of challenges to make things interesting; one map will have four targets and you start off in a hostile area. Another map has no keycards, but instead security chips are woven into whatever outfit you're wearing at the time. And so on - each map really does feel like it brings something unique to the table, with multiple pathways to reach your goal. You can also choose how much or how little hand-holding you want in terms of carrying out your assignments. Finally professional mode, escalations, and elusive targets all provide additional challenges once you're done the main game.10/10 would blow up with a golf ball again."
,Recommended,236870,22807859,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,iHacker007,"Paid 12 euros for intro pack. Played 4-5 hours, but just onced, i can play again for another 5-6 hours to complete contracts, quest and other stuff. And then i'm getting the episode 2 - Sapienza for only 8 euro;p That's like a very good game and cheap as well. I've not encountered any disconnects or bugs, but only some freezes quite frequently whilst using DX12. Changed to DX11 and for the next 2 hours game was running smoothly. After that some minor freezes occured but no big deal! I'm running i5 4670k @ 4GHz, 8GB DDR3 and a gtx760, at medium settings at avg 35-40 fps. I think this game should have been running on high at these specs. Hopefully in the next update!"
,Recommended,236870,33316980,Posted: 6 July,all,Leonair,"HITMAN 2016Let me get this off my chest first.The graphics are superb. The performance is alright but I get CTD's whenever a large amount of NPC's get alerted (Like a bomb going off in the middle of the PARIS fashion show and all the NPC's scatter, BAM CTD)Now on to the rest of the review:For starters, the game lets you approach your targets as you see fit.That adds a lot of replay value to the game but I don't like how it can feel like a scavengerhunt at times. This makes getting every challenge a chore but hey that's my opinion.The level design for each episode is superb as there are multiple hiding spots and opportunitiesto pull off a swift, clean or even gruesome kill. You can opt to follow the marked opportunities or make your own.This varies as some levels have more to offer than others. The Paris level and the Hokkaido level are my favorites.The Paris level's mansion is decorated superbly and the Hokkaido level is a really impressive sight. Plus the level specific Vampire and Ninja costumes are a blast to use.They removed the ability to chain shoot, which to me is a welcomed change.Despite this making people think that for all the training that 47 did, he should be able to takeon massive amounts of enemies at once. This is not the case, he is trained as an assassin and people will disagree as to whether or not that means he should be able to kill many people at once in a hail of bullets and not die.Going back to why I like the fact that chain shooting is gone, would be that it punishes you for being sloppy. You can't press a button and just insta-kill all the guys in the room just so you don't compromise the mission.The disguise system so far, I like. It does give you outfits that sometimes help you drive suspicions away from you but it doesn't make it so that no one can recognize that you aren't that new golf coach. There is always 1 NPC that can see through your disguise, so you are kept on your toes.Mission variety gets mixed up when you play Escalation which gives you a series of instructions that escalate in difficulty. I do find that this HITMAN title is very accessable to people new to the franchise as the gameplay, while it can be difficult and it can punish you, it does not outright punish you.You will learn and you will feel accomplished for having pulled off an unnoticed kill and to finish the mission.Contracts Mode is my favorite as it is exactly like playing HORSE. Except you try to murder people the same way the contract maker did. Making your own contract is really fun as it encourages you to get creative and try to make an exceedingly difficult contract to stump fellow players.Elusive targets are a nice option to play but you can only finish them once,It feels like you're a real assassin taking contracts and it ups the immersion level for me.I however dislike that to access most of the content like starting points and such, you need to always be online.Square Enix, IO Interactive, please. I bought the game legally. I do not like being treated like I stole something I paid money for. So locking me out of the content I should be getting while I'm in offline mode is not cool at all.I do hope for a season two if possible, more episodes, more weapons, more suits and content.If you need a numerical rating, I suppose I give HITMAN 2016 an 8/10.Catch it on a sale but try the Demo if you're not sure how it will run on your rig."
76561197982905068,Recommended,236870,25823537,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,=D=,"Great game, broken payment system. No first person mode like pre ""crab-solution"" games. Will wait for DLC sale. Not really  AAA stuff, even with all the bells and whistles. Like releasing a series of singles and no album. Will have to wait for a global sharemarket crash to clear out the deadwood (aka bloated marketing/management/publisher model) before we will see true AAA games again. Nothing really innovative, but at least the devs' shed that dunderheaded Square Enix bloat and moved the franchise back in the right direction. Good Work. Buy it when it's finished. Respect the devs and break this poor attempt at bernaisian marketing we call DLC & Preorder."
,Recommended,236870,26742245,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kwilco,"Easily the best HItman game. Extremely replayable. Tons of amazing and hilarious options.The always-online requirement sucks, but it's fine if you have good internet."
76561198213423800,Recommended,236870,33328847,Posted: 6 July,all,130.Panzer-Lehr-Division,"Much more improved optimization compare to original released.For some reasons, I feel some maps of HITMAN are kind of small for a sandbox game, I really wish it would be a whole part of Paris, rather than just a palace.Gameplay is very similar to absolution, with more choices of method.And You have to be online to unlock equipments, still anoying.But again, let's face it, this is a very pricy game, and it will cost even more, due to the following seasons.Highly recommend only buy this game at a discount.47/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,21807766,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ZeroNight,"If you're alright with an experience roughly 3 or so hours long on a single playthrough, I can wholeheartedly recommend the game. My biggest complaint is that there just isn't that much content there, don't get anything but the $15 option if you want to play it right now.As you can see from my time played, if you like replaying missions to achieve different objectives and learn new things about the map, you can get a ton out of the game. The map doesn't feel as big as the marketing made it out to be, but there's plenty of space to experiment with for things.Overall, I would compare the game to MGS:GZ (in a good way, I loved GZ). It's a taste of what's to come, and one of the most solid stealth levels I've played through in a long time.Update after the game is finished:I cannot recommend the game anymore. Half the levels were lazy in their execution, and the devs stumbled at every turn in delivering on content. The issues with the always online system were never resolved, and out of the entire game, only a handful of missions are any good.If you want to play the game, get the first level, second level, and last level. Skip everything else, it's not worth the time."
,Recommended,236870,26094452,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Frank Bumstead,"This review is going to ignore the business practice of distributing the game episodically.  Personally I find it distastful, but if that was the only way they were going to green light hitman to keep going then I guess I'll live with it.Each and every hitman game has been getting better with every iteration.  While I am aware many would argue the move from Blood Money to Absolution was like slipping in a puddle of liquid♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least it did move the mechanics and graphics forword even if Keith Carradine was the highlight of the game in my opinion.That being said Hitman has moved back to its native setting of a large open area with lots of people and a few you need to murder.  The graphics and animations are solid with a few random bugs like womens legs clipping in their dresses.  killing people is as enjoyable as ever.  While you can use the camera to your advantage you cannot go ham and kill everyone with ease like in Absolution.  Enemies kill you in a few hits and if your trying to kill everyone your best bet is to hit and run all around the map.  Although luring 20 people into the same bathroom and drowning them in the toilet seems a bit broken yet hillarious.Sadly I have found the first 2 missions to be the most expansive and enjoyable.  While missions 3 and 4 are by no means bad or small they do not really hold up to the first 2 in terms of quality in my opinion.  Perhaps its because mission one had me killing a character voiced by Mary Elizabeth McGLynn who voices the Major in Ghost in the Shell.  That was a cool revelation.  Colorado is certainly interesting but I feel like the developers decided to add more targets to make up for a smaller map that is not really all that interesting compared to the rest.  The story is giving me flashbacks of Hitman 2, but its well acted and has me interested on what Japan has in store for 47.The game is definately a move in the right direction, but as mentioned above the buisiness model is another story that wont be factored in this.  The addition of escalation, challenges, and elusive targets bring great replayability.  The maps are just really well made.  Although I do wish some of the silly escalation challenges like hide all bodies or facify nobody would be replaced with less arcady challenges.  Maybe have a target with body guards, change up the patrols, or do something besides having me walking with a remote control to keep the lasers that only I can trigger murder me.I also think that elusive targets while interesting in concept suck for a person who isnt on IO interactives schedule.  Oh you didnt own the game or have time to play when Gary Busey was the target?  Well you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.  Even making them a one time thing seems like your giving and then taking away content.  Some of the stuff Busey says is funny and panicking and killing him in a stupid way only to never get another shot is just dumb.If you have not bought the game yet I am not sure if I can recommend it or not.  They might come out with an ultimate edition that is a good deal.  Or it might be an awful deal.  But it is a good game.  Its just a shame the business model makes you feel like you have 3 doors in front of you and 2 have a clown behind them who is going to molest your wallet."
76561198251213440,Recommended,236870,25938725,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,alboXdevil,"Game mechanics except shooting animations are good.But the absence of weapons upgrade and real currency is a big turn off. And, inorder to unlock achievements you have to play the same level and kill the same targets again and again which is a boring activity (or maybe that's just me).. Even though there are different ways to kill a target, it would have been nice if such activites are spread over different locations, different targets etc.. so that the repetetiveness can be avoided. I don't bother to achieve  mastery level 20 because once the target is killed, I am done with that mission. They could have added a number of other targets or side missions to achieve mastery level which would have added to the fun factor... Overall, an OK game with zero replayability..."
76561198043443218,Recommended,236870,27842804,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Colonel Hugo Martínez,"I understand that some people are annoyed over the connectivity requirement but for the fans of Blood Money and older Hitman games, this is a pleasant return to what made Hitman a gold standard in stealth genre."
76561198004455937,Recommended,236870,27692451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kinDer_,epic
,Recommended,236870,27681428,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WaterTempleFiend,It's really fun!
,Recommended,236870,22823132,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,AssassIN.,"Finally we have a Hitman game again, 100x better than Absolution and that the game is episodic kinda works here and I didn't expect that. Second episode was a lot better than the first one in my opinion and I think that every new episode is going to be better than the previous one, so I'm looking forward for the new episodes. Every episode takes place in a different country and when I saw Japan, I just had to buy it :D"
,Recommended,236870,22682336,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,WalkingBrownie,"Despite the asinine episodic release schedule - the latest installment of Hitman is quite entertaining.  Just make sure you have a solid internet connection - as if it drops, so do you.Controlling 47 seems natural and fluid, at least with a controller, and the Escalation missions significantly increase the replayability of each episode.  Jumping from a stealthy silent assassin to a mass-murdering serial killer is not only fun - but extremely challenging as there are enough people to make a noisy balls-out approach near impossible."
76561198153540448,Recommended,236870,32535577,Posted: 18 June,all,MR. MEESEEKS,Heartbreaking to see such an amazing game get bad reception
76561198294706237,Recommended,236870,35409390,Posted: 2 October,all,Morgoth,"Awesome stealth game with many optional approaches. 6 main missions which can be performed in many different ways, both by opportunities presented by the game of by your own making.The AI is decent, there is quite some randomness involved, something I want to see more in games. Not this completely consistantly predictable timing and behavior.Very high replay value, since you unlock new weapons and start locations. Escalation contracts give you different targets in the  same environment, adding enemies and restrictions over 5 levels, forcing you to adapt your strategies.I love the fact that the less violence you use is rewarded, but I do thing there is an abundance of 'heavy' weapons compared to silent/pacify equipment. I have like 3 shotguns and 4 automatic riffles atm which I never use, where I would have rather had a dart gun.Absolutely love this game, if you like stealth games or the hitman 'gametype' in general this game is the best."
,Recommended,236870,28009298,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Uni,"Leaving this review in response to the latest update, which allows you to use your unlocks offline after you've connected online. It's not the full solution people have been looking for, but it helps to mitigate some of the online uncertainty and represents another step forward for the game. Its mechanics are already great, and most negative reviews acknowledge the game's core qualities, so with the increasing support from IO I really recommend buying the game. It's never been in this good shape, even if there's still some way to go."
76561198161277558,Recommended,236870,32778796,Posted: 25 June,all,Kataphraktoi,"Bad:Requirement to always be online. This is a big issue for anyone with erratic internet like myself, as i simply cannot maintain a connection to steam for an uninterrupted 10 minutes and must use offline mode. Your going to be limited a bit in gameplay options as a result.Good:Denuvo removed. As a longterm hitman fan, i had been avoiding the game until now due to this DRMs inclusion out of principle.Excellent:Its the same old hitman better than ever. Bigger more intricate levels, more variety in kills, more plausible game environments than ever before. Graphics look nice on my 1060+i5 3550p and gameplay is silky smooth"
,Recommended,236870,32782120,Posted: 25 June,all,Krampus,Holy crap!  They made up for Absolution AND delivered a spiritual sequel to Blood Money.  Instinct is still here but can be easily turned off.  Levels are large and in charge.  Animations are comically stiff but that's just fine.
76561197967360218,Not Recommended,236870,21792815,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Whisky_Ryan,"Worth $15....yes....was it really that fun...no. I do not endore the bs episodic marketing scheme. I had no framerate or graphics issues (running on ultra with a 980ti). Was hesitant to make the purchase because of the mixed reviews, but I have had no problems. I assume a lot of the complaints are from people with older hardware... so if that is you then it may not run smooth."
,Recommended,236870,33261674,Posted: 4 July,all,pyrex,"This game is far better then its last release absolution it plays more like blood money which to me is an instant win. They've added ways to make it easier for people who struggled to find different ways to kill their target. Plus the game is very beautiful even on low settings. I'm annoyed that the released the game piece by piece but, the levels are so huge, with a lot of challenges, and many ways to kill that I found it worth the money. If you like to get near or 100% I would recommend it. How ever if you only want to breeze by the levels then I wouldn't recommend it as it's not a long game. But this is a Hitman game so why would you breeze through it? Plus they've made some great gameplay changes from the last game. RECOMEND ONLY IF YOU WANT TO COMPLETE MOST OF THE LEVELS FULLY if not then get it on sale."
,Recommended,236870,26374101,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Ghostmonkeycatthing,"Despite what the majority is saying about the whole episodic format, I think it is a nice and refreshing touch to the series. The team works around the clock in bringing you awesome new episodes with the addition of official contracts each week. I don't see why not tbh.8/10"
76561198194691423,Recommended,236870,25885813,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,captain8tool,"I love the Hitman games. Just the idea of being a government assassin for a mysterious organization really peaks my interest, but the fact that its done so well and actually makes you feel like said assassin makes it that much better. My favorite games of the series were Hitman Blood money and Codename 47 and Absolution and HITMAN follow in those footsteps. i used to love watching the corpses of my recently killed being dragged away, or the guards finding a stray weapon and then securing it in Blood money, and now that HITMAN has brought those elements back plus made the gameplay so much more enjoyable (gone are the days of awkward camera angles) and even more tense when pulling off the hits that anyone can jump into them now and like it without knowing anything about the series, though id recommend playing the other games just for the fun of them if you havent. The gameplay in HITMAN is smoothe and fun and the stealth elements are very well done, thouogh there are moments when weird things happen clipping and so forth just like with any game but nothing that caused me to stop playing or forced me to stop. The level designs are great when they are big open crowded enviroments like Sapienza, but ones like Colorado it is more of a hide and kill stealthily from behind cover feeling game, which i like but am more into the blending in aspect of the bigger more open enviroments. I would recommend it to any fans of the Hitman series as well as stealth game fans."
,Recommended,236870,30918449,Posted: 3 April,all,Lazirhays21,Reminds me of my childhood when I love to play pranks on people. The challenges also gave me the opportunity to explore on how I could do the same mission differently without getting bored. I recomend this game to whoever have a decent internet speed as internet connectivity is required to look at available challenges.
,Recommended,236870,32380034,Posted: 12 June,all,Anal?,"Awesome game, do not fear the negative reviews pertaining to the whole internet connectivity issue. If you have a good enough internet to download steam games in the first place you should be just fine. Mechanics are well done, and challenging with-out being too much so, and the level of interaction and detail with each episode (level) is great. Get the game its 110% worth it especially if you are into side contracts, elusive targets and so on outside the story mode."
76561198398076226,Recommended,236870,35429520,Posted: 2 October,all,BiscuitMan,"Game is awesome. Some people say there is no story but actually it is, but it is complicated. I didnt even understood it. The only bad thing about this game is creators made it as seasons. I hope next seasons will come out, because they seperated with square enix I think. You can finish the missions many ways or can play random created contracts or some other little tasked missions. This game is like stress ball, after finishing the game you can do these but after some point it will start to become boring."
,Recommended,236870,34054692,Posted: 6 August,all,Elton Prester John,"Really, really good. It's the Myst of murder, the exploration aspect of this game cannot be stressed enough.  Play a level three or four times and still find a new way to approach the targets. It's easy to get lost in the beautiful world each episode creates. The people who made this game cared about what they were doing, and it shows."
,Recommended,236870,23980286,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jacob McAllen,"Not reviewed a Game in an age because we all have so many now but when I searched for this one and found it so low with its mixed reviews wanted to be one to come defend it.  Its Hitman at its best and the best Hitman ever.  The number of solutions is amazing, the level size stunning and so replayable.  Many hate the game for coming episodicly but really that is why its so great, in every other Hitman I have played the levels, maybe even completed them few times but I do not count them as completed till I have got a Silent Assasin and when I have on to the next one.  Here as you get one level at a time you can not rase ahead and the size seems do able as you know you not go so many.  You savour a level over a month, completing it a few ways, and it encorages you often when I am killing someone discised as someone close to them they will drop a line befor they see who it really is that gives me an idea of the other way I might have got to them or as I look over there papers I see a thing.  The escelations as well always encourage you to try something new.  Really can not say I rank this game to high and wish more people would try it rather than just hate that its episodic."
76561198080811932,Recommended,236870,28541411,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fupws,lets you skip the credits 10/10
76561197988088811,Recommended,236870,30578386,Posted: 17 March,all,Pillklaus,I would enjoy this game a lot more if it weren't such a needy ♥♥♥♥♥ that insists it needs to be updated every goddamn time I try to play it.
76561198011301923,Recommended,236870,32637039,Posted: 22 June,all,Commonwealth Bank,SUPPORT IO INTERACTIVESUPPORT HITMAN
,Recommended,236870,28040860,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,#Days,"a must have game for Hitman fans, big maps with dozens of smart challenges to be done."
76561198016194982,Recommended,236870,28393808,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,YaPoNeC,"Classic Hitman, memories and stuff"
76561198069904024,Recommended,236870,26431999,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Umbrella Man,"Game is amazing. I've played previous Hitman installments but this one blown me away and I think it is the best so far and that it beats even Blood Money.Pros:- A lot of different mechanics that work perfectly together.- Really big amount of different weapons availible for you to use.- Even tho new composer doesn't beat Jesper Kyd in his mastery, soundtrack is still very neat.- Beautiful graphics.- Dark humour moments here and there. I think it's always good to see a game not taking itself TOO seriously.- Sh*tload of different ways to take down your targets.- You can choose different suits to wear.- HUUUUGE maps to explore and play around. Biggest in Hitman series yet.- Each map seems to live it's own life.  Almost each NPC does something.- David Bateson back as Agent 47. Sounds badass as always.- I don't really care what other peaople say about episodic release. I think it's very good for game like Hitman. These games always reminded TV shows in some way.Now when each episode is released month after previous one you don't feel such preasure to play next one right away. You get time to fully enjoy each contract, discover almost every detail on the map.- Elusive Targets. Every 2-3 weeks, there is new Elusive Target availible for you to take down. You have only few days or plenty of hours to take it down. If you die you fail the mission and can't redo it. You can take down each target only once as well.- Untill now story seems to be pretty damn interesting.- It will be the biggest and longest Hitman game yet. It will have around 19 episodes in total. 1st season which uncludes  episodes (+ 1 bonus one if you got full season) is out now. There are 2 more seasons coming.Cons:- Reused voice actors. You hear same voices anywhere you go.- Everybody in every country speak perfect English.- Instinct mode (which is basicly X-Ray vision seen in almost every 3rd person game today), Oppurtunity tracking (Each contract has around 10 different oppurtunities for you to use. Oppurtinity tracking makes game extremely easy. It literally tells you what to do to take down a target like in a tutorial.) and Minimap are active on start. They make game too easy and take away what makes Hitman great. Finding and later figuring out different ways to assasinate your target. Thankfully they all can be turned off in the menu.- Optimization could be better.- You need internet connection to have acces to chellanges, elusive targets and custom contracts.In final verdict, I totally recommend buying it. It's worth it's price if you know what Hitman games are about and you like it. I think it has a chance to become Game Of The Year."
,Recommended,236870,22757365,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gilike,Hugely replayable levelsBeautifully designed stealth mechanicsIt looks gorgeousPretty much peak Hitman
,Recommended,236870,22868473,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,-Dutch-,"It's such a great game, but releasing the game in episodes is so damn annoying.They shouldn't make the assumption that every player just wants to unlock every damn achievement in each level. I'm interested in the story, but that loses meaning when you beat an episode and don't play the game for another month.I would recommend buying this, but only after all the episodes have been released."
,Recommended,236870,22770504,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,vVShockzVv,In all honesty i have not had a single network problem with the game and i dont understand all the negative comments.Its a great game and looks amazing in ultra settings.Dont buy the game with a spud pc and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ net is all i can say
,Recommended,236870,22819359,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Gothamghost,"I have never been much of a Hitman fan.  I am not a patient person and I don't like to sneak in games as I am easily frustrated with trying to understand when I am seen and when objectives have been failed because of some esoteric game play rule I wasn't aware of.  This game has some of those things but because it gives the player so much control over how to complete the objectives I oddly don't feel frustrated by it.  In fact I have enjoyed most of my time in game, discovering each scenario and how to navigate inside of the world.My inital reaction to finding out it was episodic was confusion, but after having received the first installment I realize the brilliance of this plan.  By only releasing one per month or whatever I find myself exploring more of the map and retrying scenarios.  If these had been released all at once I would have played through it and honestly probably would not have looked back.My only complaint is the always online component.  Although I have only had one instance of not being able to connect, it did make me realize that a long server outage would really suck if it coincided with my limited play time.Overall I think this is worth buying."
,Not Recommended,236870,28997540,Posted: 3 January,all,Meta,"Cool game, but the DRM is obnoxious and anti-consumer. Super annoying to be booted from your single player game when the internet drops out."
,Not Recommended,236870,28862805,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Simbiat,"Somehow feels... Too staged, too sterile. And slower than Absolution. I can't put my finger on it, but it just was not that fun for me."
76561197972921451,Not Recommended,236870,28746091,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>,"To make it short, its a Hitman game! Nufsad.Its a good game but the reason why i do not recommend it to buy is because for me personally the DRM that is being used is Punishing me as a Customer for giving SE money. I should have just Pirated it and then i could play the game as it is intendet. As it is you can play a castrated version of the game offline, but most features, starting locations and basically everything that make the game replayable are locked behind a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM scheme. Its quite sad, its also sad that the game is cut into pieces. What where they thinking??? So i guess if youlike to play Hitman and you do experience sometimes slight connectivity problems, Just Pirate it and dont feel bad doing it you deserve a Functional Version"
,Recommended,236870,26825155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a_nevels666,"As someone who's played all the Hitman games I think this is the best Hitman game yet. (2nd would be Blood Money for me)Lots of content, great levels with tons of freedom and opportunities.The episodic structure actually works to the game's benefit, in that it helped me realize how much content there is in each map instead of just blasting through each level once and calling it a day.Game is catching a lot of flak for requiring you to be online, but I've had no real issues with that in all the time I put into it.Probably my favourite game of 2016."
,Recommended,236870,28211081,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,nextDoorNabors (Sparte19),"July 13, 2017 Review Update.First of all, I'm glad IOI decided to become an independent company for Hitman. After all the issues that Square Enix went through with one of the devs that is not with Hitman anymore made it seem hopeless. Enough of that, Hitman still continues to improve itself with new updates. Yes as of tomorrow, July 14, the LAST elusive target for season 1 is beginning. Some say that there will a season 2 and 3 (heard of these rumors in the past before), but that does not mean it is happening, unless IOI announces it. I had been with Hitman since the beginning of the beta and this game is really Number 1 Hitman game on my last, with blood money as number 2. The game really improved during and after the episodic feature they have done. The devs actually update the game to add more contracts, fix bugs, and add more new content when they feel like it. The devs actually made the prologue free to try out in case you do not know if the game is worth buying. They have made sales happen almost a lot, and I say this game is still worth it. Each map has a certain tone to it and the replay value is very great. This is the game that fixed what Absolution was turned into. You have targets and you have choices to make on how to approach them.Old Review.As a fan of the hitman series, I believe they topped this off. Yes, the episodic idea was great, because most gamers want to finish a game so quickly that they do not notice detail. Detail that they put into each level to make it seem unique, such as making Marrakesh feel like you're in that location with all the vendors covering up the roads. Or having Hokkaido make it feel like you're in an advanced hospital with all the technology that is advanced quickly there. Despite making it all online only, now they are making it offline as well. This is what makes it good, that they are finally adding the offline features that we have asked for. It may not seem perfect at all, but it pays off in the end. If you like hitman, give it a try. You never know, maybe this game will be your favorite."
76561197995039698,Recommended,236870,22852183,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TorqueSmackey,Do you love Hitman: Blood Money but thought Absolution took the series in a pretty bad direction? Are you at least somewhat reasonable about an always-online component to a game? Do you understand ahead of time that this is going to be a month-to-month episodic release? Then buy this game. It rules.If for some reason always-online surpasses 'mild annoyance' for you and becomes a hill to die on: don't.
,Recommended,236870,33261122,Posted: 4 July,all,Ro DeMornay,"Great game, Finally and at last they made something good. the other games of course are great...But this one gets back to the first steps and its a total sandbox.Of course got some little problems but there is nothing what can compromise the entire game. some glitchs and that but its okey..."
76561197992541723,Recommended,236870,22704326,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ThatCat,"-Updated for Episode 2-First, the bad news, the always online DRM is still there and they show no signs of even considering abandoning it. While it hasn't caused any problems to me, there's fair share of people who have had serious connection problems.Not to mention the game still has pretty bad optimization and a share of bugs, while they have fixed some of the most glaring problems, they have managed to break other parts.Based on the recent activity devs do work on the bugs and listen to feedback, which is how it should be and the game has really high potential. If they manage to fix all the problems and improve the Contracts mode to be much more precise tool of creating custom hits on the pre-existing maps, there will be a flood of extra quality content made by players themselves.But lets move on to the just launched 2nd episode. Sapienza is hailed by a lot of people as the best or one of the best Hitman maps in the whole series and for a good reason. While it might not be the most difficult hit of all time, the  variance in the areas and massive amount of ways to kill the targets is amazing. There's tons of little details like NPC discussions and activity around. They also listened to community and made a good deal of Opportunities to have hard timer (while pretty generous, it still exists) so plenty of things will start to happen on their own, not requiring player to go around popping triggers to get the gears moving.Overall the game still feels like it's bit of an early access and if you just like to breeze through things you might not get a lot out of it. But if you do like to replay sandboxy levels with different approaches, targets etc. you will have a good time.If you are unsure about getting the game, give it more time, if the devs manage to fix and add stuff at the current rate the complete product will be a game that will challenge Blood Money as the best Hitman game."
,Recommended,236870,29869815,Posted: 12 February,all,zero,"Immersive and full of content, the only downsides are the need to be online and the optimization, even though it's running alot smoother now than it did a half year ago."
76561198034898544,Recommended,236870,22848960,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tom,"Would recommend to blood money fans, I imagine as the game develops more they will add more features. By the end of it's release cycle this game may be as good as blood money. Performance issues are a problem however, gtx 980ti has issues on ultra at 1080p which isn't expected. Always online is an issue, but not a deal-breaker as far as current issues go. Would recommend blood money fans to buy as far as sapienza to judge whether or not they like it."
,Recommended,236870,22856484,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,nomstar-1H,"Fantastic sequel, does a great job of getting the series back on track after Absolution. Most of the negative reviews seemed to be turned off from the episodic format, or that this version is missing <insert some obscure feature from Blood Money or Contracts>. This is a newer approach to Hitman, with new features and much larger levels that seem more alive than ever before. While I'm not a fan of the episodic release, it's not a showstopper for me, and there's a simple solution if it is for you: stop playing and just wait for all the content to be released."
,Recommended,236870,33501448,Posted: 13 July,all,sequence_9,"Now that they've decreased professional diffucilty unlock criteria, I can recommend the game. My problem with the game is it is not challenging in any way. If they make good improvements to A.I and overcome the feeling of 'everything is bound to you' in season 2, it is a great game."
,Recommended,236870,22782438,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Brammer,apart from a few graphical issues and a slight bit of lag. i dont see what peoples issues are. brilliant game
,Recommended,236870,34033070,Posted: 5 August,all,Stiletto,"If you loved old hitmans (except absolution) like i did starting from more then 18 years ago. U will love this one, as its better, bigger, with soooo many ways to kill your targets its not even funny. There is also insane dificulty which is for hard core agents.I give this game big +"
,Recommended,236870,30584103,Posted: 17 March,all,thehighestend,"One thing you should know: If you have been a fan of classic Hitman series, this game is far different from prior ones; I'd rather call it a sandbox than story-focused former styles. There are several playing modes such as Contracts generated by users, Escalation, Story and finally Elusive Targets for a limited time. However, they are all held in a same place among the Story missions -- and not even sequential. The main targets you have already eliminated will appear on the stage again if you are targeting different ones. You may get disappointed if you are especially fond of classic Hitman style, otherwise this game would be a true gem with a new concept of contract killing."
,Recommended,236870,22751397,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,spykerKonyn,"I like the episodic release of the levels. I like the open world, free-flow style of killing. I like the challenges. I like the story. I like the setting and the level design. I like the performance.I like this Hitman.Let the haters hate, if you love Hitman you will love this game."
76561197970940010,Recommended,236870,22754942,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,meepyl,"YES!   Finally, everything I have been looking for in a game!I have ALWAYS wanted to play a game, where they charge you $59 up front, and then only give you 1 mission to play and tell you to wait a year for the rest of the game to be made.   GENIOUS!   I am SO glad that I got 10% of a game for sixty bucks.   Totally awesome.Now, if you are not like me, and you like getting the game you bought, that is NOT advertised as a pre-release, and you don't like being scammed out of your money.  Well then, maybe this game is STILL TOTALLY FOR YOU!   You read this much of the review didn't you?     BUY the game already!  BUY IT!!What?  You are still here?  Jesus man!"
76561198000364532,Recommended,236870,22735384,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gunsalves,"A lot of bad reviews on here...This is the first review I've ever written. The monthly release thing really is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and should never be done again...but...after playing the Sapienza stage, I can say that it's pretty damn good. I haven't had any connection issues as others so I can't comment on that. Even though I liked Absolution, this one seems to be more like the old games. The Sapienza stage is massive...It's worth it. But I wish I paid for the individual releases..."
,Recommended,236870,22752353,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Spacemonkey,"I don't like the episode way of the game, but still a very good game!"
,Recommended,236870,23208736,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Le Don,"I'm calling it, but this is one of the greatest stealth games of all time and one of the better Hitman games. It's full of features and different ways to play the missions, which have a lot of freedom, while the sneaking and basic mechanis feels great.The episodic model is a great idea, as it allows new features like the elusive targets and gives the player time to explore the misisons and try most of the countless challenges. While the game might not be complete yet, I have already a great time overall during the whole release plan. The levels are big enough to care a whole month.It's a shame that it only got a mixed rating and is below the crappy Absolution, but that's the butthurted hive mind for you."
76561198056768198,Recommended,236870,22749830,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,kristo_akbar,"This is Hitman game what fans want. Blood Money reborn, blend with Absolution system. So, this game is worth it to buy in full price."
,Recommended,236870,26751768,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Rocketman Max,"I must say, I need to tell you about this game. It is HUGE. The possibilities are almost endless. Thinking outside of the box is the key to success. Unless you do thinks creatively, you will fail. A lot. Unlike Hitman Absolution, which is REALLY easy and completely linear by comparison, this game puts you in a much... larger map crammed with opportunities. Sometimes, they were absolutely great. However, perfection is always worth achieving, but for that to happen, it takes time. And this game is really hard. It is definitely not as forgiving as a game such as Metal Gear Solid V (however I do prefer that to this, since MGS V is a bit more relaxing... most of the time). The locations are downright beautiful, and one of the most detailed games I have ever played. It felt like I was actually there, being THE Agent 47. There is a lack of story unfolding unfortunately, unlike Absolution - for example. The story remains completely unresolved at the end and focus will probably shift towards Season 2. I couldn't really make up what the story was, so I had to replay all of the cutscenes, which you can thankfully do. That, made more sense to me. It is really interesting and the way Season 2 will unfold makes me very excited! The story takes around 9 hours to beat, so it is quite short. However there is a lot of side stuff to do, which I will get onto.If you were to shoot your way through the levels... good luck. Agent 47 barely takes a few hits until he dies, and therefore the gunner approach is quite numbed. I do wish there was an option to play things, a little less stealthy since you do pretty much do very similar things throughout the episodes. There certainly is replayability, which are both the Contracts - which are designed by players and where you need to perform and achieve certain requirements in order to complete the level. There are also other missions like some side sniper missions. However, I disliked how unappealing the menu was. It CERTAINLY takes some time to figure things out. From my point of view, I think it looks a little bit more user-friendly for a console. Not the worst, but could be better.Is the PC port any good? Well, that is completely subjective. I am running the game at medium settings (MSI GTX 960 2GB, Intel Core i5 4590, 8gb RAM) and it runs in the mid 40s (average 47fps... see what I did there ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) for real though). You see, in this game, unless you take the completely stupid way of killing everyone with a loud♥♥♥♥♥gun like an idiot, the framerate will be of NO concern. Hell, even 30fps was fine in this game. Everything is just really slow paced, and you have to observe your environment a lot. High framerate is required in fast games, such as Counter Strike and Grand Theft Auto, and not in this one. Even if your game doesn't run at 60fps, believe me, don't worry. It works absolutely fine. However, 60fps would have been nice. I have definitely played better looking games at a higher framerate. However, the crowds are phenomenally large.I haven't beaten it Escalation yet but I have taken a glimpse of the large and quite frustratingly rewarding world of Hitman. Yes, believe me, it is frustrating. However, the different approaches certainly add replay value, and the game is a heap-load better because of it. Just remember to feel like you are IN the world. And do things how you would... do them in real life. I definitely recommend this game, despite of the DRM - which hasn't troubled me (yet).I can't help but think that Agent 47 is REALLY hot... but definitely a bit thinner this time around ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)I paid £20 for all episodes (the complete season (1) ) on a sale."
76561197970498942,Recommended,236870,22804315,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RadiationGiant,On the showstopper mission when i go inside all the rooms exept the stage is black and i cant see anything besides using the instinct to see all the people. I'm pretty sure this is a graphical bug but im not entirly sure i love the game with its design and gameplay i just hope this problem gets fixed.
,Recommended,236870,22689596,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Unsigned String,This is the best entry in the series since Blood Money. I reccomend.
76561198066976797,Recommended,236870,22636945,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,KidBacon,"I have really enjoyed this level and have only recently had any performance issues due to the new patch, but the problem was easily fixed.  I've put 6 hours into a $15 level and that is totally getting my money's worth in my books.  I would've preferred it to not have to be online only, but I personally haven't experienced any connection issues.  I look forward to future installments.  As for the method of releasing a level at a time episodically, I'm fine with it.  As a busy person, it allows me to purchase and play at my convenience without having to commit to the full $60 dollar experience up front."
,Recommended,236870,22712991,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Arne,"Two episodes have been released when this review was written.To the point: this is a good Hitman game. While the monthly episodes first appeard as an issue for me, I must admit that when episode two released I got way more intrigued by this solution. It feels like you get a ""new"" game each month.The replayability is key here, and you should be able to spend between 5-10 hours on each episode if you want to master them. Unlike Blood Money, full mastery of the levels are rather hard this time, and some of the challanges the game encourages you to do are extremely challenging if you do them without the help of Google.The graphics are on point, but they could added more blood ;)My main issue is the sound, in particular the music. In comparison with prevous titles in the series, the soundtrack is poor in this installment of Hitman. While the voice acting is good, some occasionaly poorly post processed spoken lines further damages the sound experience.Gameplay-vise this might be the best Hitman so far. Its both smooth and logical.If you enjoyed the Hitman games before Absolution, I can really recommend this game. The connection issue, and several other bugs also seems to be sorted out when writing this review."
76561198040911966,Recommended,236870,22724125,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,munirhamada64,good game.
,Recommended,236870,22706448,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,KG989,I'm a long time Hitman fan. The game so far has exceded my expectations.
76561198024166596,Recommended,236870,22720489,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,OsirisMP,"This is the first Hitman I have played, and I am very impressived with the level of depth, the graphics and the replayability of the levels. Currently I have bought the Paris Intro version and have been re-playing it to unlock all the goodies. Very fun.I haven't had any connection errors with the game - I'm running pretty average internet (TPG) on win 10 and it hasn't disconnected me once yet which is good.My only recommendation for the game is giving us the power to choose how we upgrade our character. So as we gain mastery levels, we choose if we want a new weapon, a new starting location, etc as this will give a bit more satisfaction to the player. It's a bit frustrating now for the Paris level, as I am left trying to achieve all of the hardest achievements (killing someone with a speaker, etc) in order to get the final (and most juicy / enjoyable) starting locations and weapons.Overall, 2 thumbs up (out of 3)Tiax rulz"
,Recommended,236870,22634047,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TwitchPal,"It's awesome to see another addition to the Hitman series of games. I found it very well done.. only a couple minor bugs which isn't too bad for such a major game. Personally I found the game a bit on the tough side for my gameplay style. I loved how I could blast my way out on earlier hitman games which I had botched a stealth hit.. it was.. satisfying. This game, however, you can pretty much forget that. You need to follow the rules: stealthy."
,Recommended,236870,22711131,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Vincam,"I actually recieved very little trouble playing this game.It had no stability problems so far.and eventhough I don't like the episodic releases, I do get the idea that (so far) you get a fair amount of gameplay for the amount of money that you pay"
76561198036584899,Recommended,236870,22687503,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Wracko,"I havn't played this game so much yet... But damn! if you love sandbox games and want to get to ""Understand"" the game. At first it looks pretty straight forward, ( GO and kill your target )... But it is really just your imagination that can stop you! It is so freaking many ways to do this! AND players online and yourself can make a contract by yourself! it is Awesome!The only thing i do not like, or just having problems with is this fullscreen mode.... it lags. When i take it in Windowed, everything i just working fine as Fu**** ! Smooth!A later Review will come !"
76561198032188372,Recommended,236870,22709424,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xendor,"Do not let the blasphemous ratings sway you away from one of the most authentic Hitman experiences to date. Especially if you don't mind the episodic/unorthodox release of the content. With ten hours of gameplay and no performance hiccups, I have barely scratched the surface of what's available within the first two missions. When reviewing the game, things such as the spectacular level design and map size along with the attention to detail and range of possibilities should take precedence over some interim performance issues."
,Recommended,236870,23148305,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MahatmaJonny,"Absolutley brilliant. My favorite Hitman game since Blood Money. Levels are open and explorable as a Hitman game should be. If you are a fan of any Hitman game pick up HITMAN, you will not be disapointed."
76561198028974445,Recommended,236870,23152646,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,RicklePick,The game itself is actually a really good game it has loads of replayability i myself have played about 2 hours of the game but haven't actually managed to finish the first episode
76561197965254781,Recommended,236870,23151764,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Angry Neeson,Works great. Plays great
,Recommended,236870,22720982,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Walnuts,"Don't let the episodic release scare you off, it's a solid Hitman game and each level so far has hours and hours of replayability."
,Recommended,236870,28920326,Posted: 1 January,all,NeO_Anderson,"I'm a huge hitman fan, I've played almost all of the previous titles except Hitman GO e.t.c. I've loved all of them including this instalment however, one thing I really don't like is the ""episode"" system that they have setup. I appreciate it's good for a newcomer that maybe has never played a Hitman game and doesnt want to fork out £30+ for the full game but instead could pay £11 or so and get to try it. But... I just feel like I'm buying this game now only to have to pay more later.One might argue that there's no difference between this and expansion packs. But there's a difference. Each map has maybe around 1-3 hours of gameplay. Even with all episodes, the game feels like it's not really a 'full' game. You feel like you're playing a pre-release or a demo. Other than this, the game is great in almost all areas. Everything from previous games has been improved and made 10x better. I don't really have anything negative to say about this game other than the episode thing. I guess if I had to dig really really deep for something negative. I suppose the ""Must be online"" check is a bit annoying too. As if your internet goes down for a few days, you basically cannot play the game unless you want your achievements to mean nothing as it wont unlock unless you have internet and are online. But again, in this day n' age, that's quite rare - so I conclusion....would I recommend this game?Yes. If you liked previous titles, you will like this too."
,Recommended,236870,32624722,Posted: 21 June,all,m0rse,Really good
76561198028800687,Not Recommended,236870,21782024,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,lordofchaos,Got to the second mission. Connection error. Back to main menu. Save lost. Refund requested.
,Not Recommended,236870,21780239,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,village_admin,"What is going on with the gaming industry lately? Im am so disappointed. This kind of crap has happened on several game released lately.As far as the game play, yes i enjoy it, its Hitman. If you are a Hitman fan then you will like it. Its along the lines of Blood Money, not that linear crap they pushed out last time. From what ive seen game play was solid except one issue i found. Open doors are invisible to the AI. Meaning I opened a door, entered  a room and stood behind the door. A guard walked into the hallway that i just came from. I could not see him, the door was between us. But he still saw me and shot me through the door. I never saw him but died anyways.Other then that the rest of the game play was good. They added more complexity to the AI comments and behaviors. One example i liked was if you ""accidentally"" walked into an off limits area. In past games you would be automatically considered hostile and the guards would start shooting at you. In this Hitman they act like real people, they will tell you that you are not allowed in that area, they will escort you back outside of the area where you came from, then go about their business. They only get hostile if you refuse to comply.Ive seen alot of review complain about graphics, or settings grayed out, low FPS, etc. I did not experience any of those problems. I could play on high/ultra settings (1920 x 1080), none of the settings where disabled, graphics were smooth, not one complaint. My video card is Nvidia GeForce GTX 780 Ti (12gig).Alot of people also complain about the constant internet connection. Yes, i also agree that is crap and i had a problem with it. In the middle of playing their server went down, so i got kicked from my level back to the menu. My internet was online it was just the Hitman server that was offline. The game allowed me to switch to offline mode to play. But in offline mode it would not load the game save which was saved in online mode. I just stayed in offline mode, started the mission over from the beginning, and F their online mode.Now for the really sucky part... If you read the fine print, they say that they are only releasing the game with the Paris content then plan to release more content 6 more times through out the year. The Paris content is literally *ONE* mission on one small map of a house. Yes its a big house, but still one location all the same. Really? I waited two years for this game to come out and paid $60 just to end up with one house and one mission??? I am not counting the two very small tutorial training maps you play first before unlocking the *ONE* mission. If you count those then you have three whole missions for $60. With the release of content 6 more times are those also going to be solo missions? So i have to wait a year just to get one complete game of a whooping 7 missions ?!?!?!?!?!? Oh' boy what a deal, not.In a nut shell, yes it's a fun game.Yes, Hitman fans will enjoy how they went back to their roots of being an open world/map with multiple solutions.Thank you devs for allowing me to skip cut scenes. I hate it when games force you to watch their entire blah blah.However i feel that the devs took the lazy approach releasing a game with only *ONE* mission. I feel very cheated compared to the past Hitman games."
76561198069035209,Not Recommended,236870,21788140,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Freakill,Kicks you out of the game and deletes your progress if you are loosing connection
76561198008822437,Not Recommended,236870,21785923,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ulysses,"Graphics optimization / Networking issues aside (aside from bad graphics, mine actually runs at 80fps+ smoothly on high with a midrange setup.My main issue with this game is the actual gameplay, it feels so unbelivably underpolished (e.g instant uniform change, enemy line of sights are buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ in geenral it feels sloppy and even more underdeveloped then Hitmans back from <2008.For a 2016 Triple A title I was very sad, esp as I love the Hitman series, and whilst it does add back in that versatility in how you kill, also the uniforms work pretty neatly, in that certain guards / people are only knowledgeable of certain uniforms (usually their own), unlike that crappy instinct♥♥♥♥♥♥from Absolution. There are alotta other points to make that are hard to really get across without having you play it yourself. But in general, graphics/networking aside, the gameplay feels unbelivably unpolished and unfinished in it's current state, asif you were playing an a beta/alpha. (I.E enemy AI is currently ridciliously stupid, I.E someone sees you strangling a guy, they come running over, before they turn a corner you change clothes and they just walk around and presume you're just another innocent bystander and then proceed to just walk towards the body so you can choke them too.Anyway, I really hope they polish this game more, but currently I can say, if you're a long time Hitman fan, you will be disappointed. I get the feeling this ""episodic release"" is actually a cover up way to say early access to be frank. I imagine maybe over the next few episodes there'll be some major improvments."
,Not Recommended,236870,21816525,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,warriorjan,"For now I can tell everyone that there are too many technical difficulties to recommend this game to anyone really, as a huge fan of the Hitman franchise, having episodic releases bothered me a little bit."
,Not Recommended,236870,21821592,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Fires_CZ,"BUGGY !!! Unable to play. Because game do not know If I got controller so stuned my mouse at middle of screen and keep switchnig labes of controls (B/Enter). Sorry I love hitmen, I will bought it again after few bug fixes."
76561197967814915,Not Recommended,236870,21826912,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Stuka White,"I want to like this game. I REALLY do, I came in wanting to like it.  Back to Blood Money, right?It is! Alot of the ""hold your hand"" features, like instinct can be turned off or not used. Iventory system and planning stages are very reminiscent of blood money but with absolution graphics.  Suffice to say, best of both worlds!but... this Requirement to be connected online at all times to play a single player game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.   You can still play offline but alot of content or options are cut from the gameplay.Which is horsesh*t considering the devs for some reason adopted an episodic development style for this game. Here you are, with 2 peusdo missions and 1 real one to play with, and your having even more content cut from your game because you cant stay connected with their servers.UPDATE 04JUN16 :♥♥♥♥♥♥still has connection problems, game no longer forces you back to the menu if you disconnect but gives you a ""retry connection?"" dialogue box...which will continue to spam you until you go back to the menu and play offline anyway, again with cut-content because your not playing their Single Player game online.Wtf, over?"
,Not Recommended,236870,21803315,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Beebe,"I came up with the 14.99 because I believe in this series.  Blood Money is probably one of the most fun games I have played (I still play it very frequently, coming up with different ways to play the missions).  Yes, Absolution took the wind out of my sails, but it happens.  Every series has a rough spot.So I pay for the preorder, and the beta seems very familiar.  It's as close to blood money as I could imagine it being, and I got excited.   I played through the trainer levels (which worked superb) and was stoked for launch day.  Launch day comes, my game is preloaded, I press play, and...Nothing.   I check file integrity.  Run as administrator.  Everything I know to do.  The game will only work if I set it to DirectX 12 (which my card does not support).  So, at this point, I'm on day two of owning this game, and I can't play it.  I've searched forums for answers to no avail.I was alright with how they were spreading out the game.  A map a month.  Gives them time to focus on a particular map and make the game stronger.  If the map was already done, they could focus on the online aspect.  Make it stronger.  Make it better.  Unfortunately, now instead of getting to work on the next level, they need to fix what's already out.  What's already broken.Ubisoft, Square Enix, and any other developer, mark my words.  If you continue to release broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are going to ruin the community you have strived so hard to maintain the attention of.  Your core audience.  How difficult is it going to be to release games with no money because no one will buy the latest AAA release because they want to wait a few months because they know it's going to be worthless experience until that point?"
,Not Recommended,236870,21779845,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"Visual bugs are gone now, so that's nice!However,  a  practically gamebreaking bug is currently plaguing me. Many of the targets I subdue (Non-lethaly, IE: Strangle, or knock unconcious with a blunt object) Get a limb stuck in the ground and drop dead randomly. Sometimes long after I knocked somebody unconcious I'll get ""Non-target killed"" on the corner of my screen. Square had this exact same bug with Deus Ex. It makes it impossible for me to get through a mission without killing bodyguards, because they just drop dead.Wait to buy it a little longer. Once they fix the bugs and add more content it'll be great."
,Not Recommended,236870,21794438,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,sam.watkins,"I like Hitman Alot and ive played a fair amount of the older games in the past and was really lookin foward to this game coming out. The eposodic sales methord is intresting. Currently i dont have the funds to pay full price so to play a fair chunk of the game for a small fee is nice. However, im not sure that this will be a benefit in the long run. Comparing this game to somthing like the tell tale games the story is drasticlly missing and feels really disjointed making the satisfaction of finishing a mission not graet enough to make me what to find out what happens next.The gamplay is really good though, simply put its a good hitman game. However there is a magor flaw currently and thats the DRM lock of this game. I started playing online played through a fair chunk of the paris mission made a couple saves and was thurally engoying myself. However, i was sudley signed out due to a server error... So i said fine online gamplay features wernt a consern of mine yet. So I tried to load a game in the offline mode and i had no accsess to any of my saves that i had previously done when i was online...... This is bad as i quite often play games on the go with the use of a gaming laptop when im traveling. This is a magor let down for me and in this case the reason i can not recomend this game right now. Hopefully in the futur this will be addressed. pure hitman fans might want to try the intro pack as it shows you what the game has to offer without a magor investment."
,Recommended,236870,25810341,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tekoa,"Now that the game has had time to develop into a fully-fledged Hitman game with a fleshed out story, this game is amazing. I have just recently completed episode 5, and the story from every Hitman game is now tying into this one plot, that could potentially put 47 in grave dangert. After seeing how everythign connected, my mind was blown, and a switch in my head was immediately flipped to tell my brain that this game is damn near a masterpiece. In the from of a Hitman game that is.The maps are as big as ever, the game lets you choose how you want to handle missions again. This is now a Hitman game in every shape and form, a game that I truly believe will stand out amongst other stealth games as one of the best out there. It still doesn't pass Blood Money, but damn is it close. Buy it. (Coming from a fan of the franchise since day one of Codename 47)But I still don't support the atrocious DRM.This was my original reason for not recommending the game:""First and foremost, this is an excellent way for Hitman to come into the next-generation of video games. It is clear that IO Interactive has learned from their mistakes from the last Hitman game, which was absolutely atrocious. That said, Hitman has clearly returned to it's roots from Codename 47, through Blood Money. That part, I cannot praise enough.Now the thing that really gets to me with this game, is the decision to make this game episodic. This is the real kicker here. Aside from bugs, which the game is absolutely riddled with to the point were some key features of the game don't even work, this is the big thing wrong with this game. I full-heartedly believe that making this game episodic was a clear and pathetic excuse to not finish this game. Thank goodness they did not require you to pay full price, but that should not make IO think that what they are doing is right.Now believe me, I really do like what I have seen so far, but I fear that in the end, this game will be severely lacking in content, to the point where it loses all replayability, something that the old Hitman games never really had an issue with. Why is that? Because that was back when AAA devlopers put a great deal of thought and passion into their games to make them great. This is a practice we are seeing over and over again with season passes and episodic games where devlopers try to meet their deadlines, only to put out a bad product.This game is a rare exception. I really do believe that this game will succeed in the end, when all of it's content has been put into the game, but it is just unfortunate that this was the decision they made, a decision that may ultimately kill the Hitman franchise.My final thoughts are that this game really does have potential. All of you older Hitman fans should find this game pretty familiar and fun, just like the pre-Absolution games. Why should you believe anything that I say? Well I have been playing Hitman games for a good chunk of my life. I have played every Hitman game, to the point where I know every map inside and out. This is probably my most favorite game franchise I have ever played, and I refuse to let it go down the drain due to stupid moves by the devloper.Again, great gameplay, great visuals, potentially great storyline. Just a very dumb move by IO and Square Enix. I recommend this game, but not the devloper's practices.Basically what my point is, is that everything good from the previous Hitman games (excluding Absolution) is there. But the game lacks the content to make that at all interesting. I guess we will see as time progresses.""That review was from the initial release, my thoughts have changed since then. Read the first two paragraphs again, and buy the game. :)"
,Not Recommended,236870,28831223,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Victor Charlie,"Story is non-existant, and while later levels are interesting they are very confined and feel limited when compared to the earlier levels. Over-priced and only 7 levels.... Overall this is a good improvment on the gameplay and mechanics of hitman, but the story takes a couple steps back."
,Recommended,236870,32733940,Posted: 24 June,all,Abraham Q. Lincoln,"Awesome Game! Definitely the best HITMAN game since Blood Money. Just buy it, play it, and support the devs."
76561198200312390,Recommended,236870,26513346,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,will820lee,"I love this game,47 is so cool.the best hitman game I have played!PS:I am using 1060 6gb and bandicam to lock frame rate at 30 fps."
,Recommended,236870,33387995,Posted: 8 July,all,Reizl,"A memory trip to childhood being in the shoes of 47 again. The game Hitman itself is a masterpiece. However, being able to score offline would be much more enjoyable. Looking forward to the Season 2.And welcome back, IO."
,Recommended,236870,24781097,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,shovelface,"Don't let the knee jerk reviews sway you. This game is fantastic. I actually believe it's better than Blood Money. It's a great game and I have had zero issues with the online component of the game. My only recommendation for buyers is to turn Opportunity hints down to minimal or off, with them on Full it spells out a bit too much of the missions."
,Recommended,236870,30170327,Posted: 25 February,all,Charles,"A highly underrated game. Many people were not too happy with the episodic release of Season 1 of this game, but I honestly felt that it made the game last longer, and I was always hyped for the next episode. I first started playing this game as a result of the beta they did on PS4 and because of that I currently have over 300 hours of play time. I originally bought it on PS4, and loved it so much that I bought it again when I got my gaming PC. HITMAN is highly replayable and you'll have fun seeing the many ways you can kill your targets and you'll have fun finding all the secrets to each level.The developers are also extremely active with the community, rolling out bug fixes, adding easter eggs and adding new levels - for example during December they rolled out a special mission for free called Holiday Hoarders where they completely redecorated Paris in a festive theme, added different targets and if you completed all the opportunities you unlocked a santa outfit you can use in all the levels.I highly recommend this game, either full price or discounted, it'll be a purchase you'll never regret."
,Recommended,236870,32317975,Posted: 10 June,all,Commander GX,Tough game though! Very good gameplay and stealth mechanics.One of my Favorite'sA good game and a must buy !Worth it totally
,Recommended,236870,34300773,Posted: 16 August,all,✪ Galaxy -iwnl-,"I have all of HITMAN series and i can say that this game is the best of the series right now.Even tho you need to be online to play this game,it doesn't matter.This game have many changes from the last series ( Absolution ).It removes : Blend in meter and Slow motion which in my opinion is good because from the very beginning,HITMAN series comes with stealth that came from us,not a game mechanic. Now you have to play smart again to kill your target.There is still an instinct view. The good side : You can see your target and interesting stuff to play with. The bad side : you can't be more creative and count the timing for yourslef.ALL I CAN SAY IS,IT IS GOOD GAME AND RECOMMENDED."
76561198012837564,Not Recommended,236870,27419934,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,emprsa,this online required thing just ruined an otherwise a great game TBH .what a shame really .my experience of the game is frustration every time my net is down for whatever reason .not again thanks .
,Recommended,236870,23296775,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Locuris,"For all it's faults it's a really enjoyable game in classic hitman style. It has the humor, the core mechanics, and the level design that made those games great."
,Recommended,236870,25081680,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Don Matin,"Hitman is a work of fiction and it is created by genius peoples behind it. When I pre-purchased this game, I didn't expect it do be episodic and at first I didn't even like it. But after playing it for over 50 hours, not only I liked it, but actually I love it! Why? because it gives you time to explore one complete episode in many different ways, completing the challenges and even create your own challenges! If you want my opinion, Hitman doesn't even need an story, not the one that it already has. You are an assassin and your job is to finish the contracts they provide you. And there are thousands different ways to do that!If Io-Interactive ask $10 for each episode and they release one episode each 1-2 month for the next 5 years, I'm willing to pay that money to play such awesome masterpiece for a couple of years at least.releasing games in a such episodic way is better for both developer and also player. Because each episode developers release, they get user reviews so they can do better for the next episode and players also have the option to support or not support a series if it is letting them down."
,Not Recommended,236870,22662826,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,devil_kirby95,"Got this game on pre-order was hyped, then they changed it to episodic and I still had a little hype played the game a bit half way through paris mission game dissconects from server... I got a decent internet no problems my side, 80up 80down. I realize the game is online only at this point and the devs have no intention to fix issues any time soon, so I got my refund.I may try this game after all the content is out in a few years and it's on a 90%off steam sell. It's a single player game no rush to play it, I recommend you wait for the game to be old and see if they ever fix the problems."
76561198124042287,Recommended,236870,22697775,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Knight Captain Otaku,Its pretty fun.
,Recommended,236870,21809988,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,michael,"An entertaining, brain-teasing, pretty, well made game. I'm not too familiar with the classic Hitman titles, so I cannot compare. I only completed Absolution, and I find this one a better experience, it feels like a puzzle with multiple solutions, and it's fun to try them all. I think it works very well with the episodic release model, because it would leave a player with a single level until a new one is released. Willingly or not, he'll have time to learn the environment and try different approaches. In Absolution I personally was too focused on the story progression, and didn't care for the mechanics of the assasination - and when you rush through a level, you might miss a lot of fun. In this game it's quite different, it feels quite natural to replay the same mission multiple times; you memorise the events and characters, and see them from a different angle each time. Challenges stimulate you to try different approaches, but I wish some of them were not explained, leaving discovery of their meaning to the player (like hidden Steam achievements).I do not experience any performance issues, I have GTX 960 and an old Phenom II x6 CPU, the game is locked in Low textures, but looks great and gives me an average of 40-50 fps in its benchmark. I switched to Exclusive Fullscreen mode for a smoother experience, and do not notice any lag or stuttering. No bugs either yet, touch wood. Online mode works fine for me, I don't see a problem in being connected while playing. Offline mode worked in beta, I expect it work here as well. So technically I have no complains.But of course, as usual, most things related to Russia are wrong, sometimes so ridiculous - it's cute. I mean, people calling each other ""comrade"", privates telling a KGB general to shove off or saying ""howdy"" instead of saluting, Soviet vodka having a non-existent brand (and furthermore, a word that was invented about 10 years after), Soviet privates wearing sailors' vests... I think it was intended as a joke, really, it couldn't be so ridiculous on purpose. Or could it?..Well, and if we're really nitpicking - I don't like the protagonist's voice much. The actor is somewhat straining to sound rough and tough, and it sounds cheap, more suited for a teenagers game like Borderlands or Bulletstorm. Agent 47 evidently has high intelligence, he acts with precision and focus - I'd expect him to speak in the same fashion. And his voice should be as unremarkable as his looks - to blend with any disguise. Good thing he doesn't speak much.But all in all, I enjoy this game. I recommend it to anyone who likes stealth, puzzles and silenced pistols.Update: I haven't yet played all episodes, I'm in Marocco now, but it seems that each episode is huge and could easily be a separate game. I had a lot of fun in Italy, and going to replay it once I finish the game. With only the episodes I played already it seems like a bargain. Highly recommended!"
76561198073918361,Not Recommended,236870,29058122,Posted: 6 January,all,Danny Mcbride the Vagina Slayer,Elusive targets is the worst thing in gaming so far. We are literally getting good content waved in our faces only to be never seen again or experimented in. I thought the whole point of this Hitman was the multiple ways and attempts at the targets. Yet another game we truly don't own.
,Recommended,236870,21824251,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Brooks,"As a Blood Money fan I LOVE this game, it has exceeded my expectations.The Paris mission has tones of replayability. Bring on the future episodes!!!I haven't encountered any of the performance issues others have had."
,Not Recommended,236870,26735896,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Quiks,"The graphics and gameplay are great but the ALWAYS ONLINE DRM IS TERRIBLE i wish i read the comments about it before purchased it, i cant even play the game i payed for because their serves wont connect"
76561198034578533,Recommended,236870,30115188,Posted: 23 February,all,Carlo,"I played Hitman since I was a kid from Codename 47 up to this Hitman. I would say that this game represents the series very well. and here also lies one of the most funny kills I've ever had in the series. Unlike other reviews, I did not find any problem with the online function of this game. It only took me atleast 10 seconds to connect. Here are the  things I would say about this game:1. The gameplay felt very much like Blood Money with a mix of Absolution ( I do not use opportunities or the Hitman vision)2. The amount of detail and choices are incredible. 10/10. It is the perfect sandbox where you can experiment with your asassination technique and disguise. There are so many ways to kill your target, and most of them are interesting ways, not just shooting them from afar.3. As usual, I find the game funny sometimes due to 47's anti social personality and the game's use of irony.4. The game is more interesting with opportunities, and the vision turned off.5. There is not much epic soundtrack in this game like ""Ave Maria"" on Blood Money and the soundtrack in Hitman Silent Assasin, but it does not sound stale. I would say the game as a very good and realistic environment noise on it.6. It is actually kind of difficult to massacre everyone like I did on previous Hitman series when I get frustrated, unless you camp in a spot that only has one way.7. The game requires lots of memory, graphics, etc.Of course, this reviews are biased in my opinion because Hitman series has been my game since I was a kid, and I would be willing to not play any other game but this series, especially Blood Money.Compared to other series, I would say this is the second best after Blood Money. 9.5/10 Blood Money is 10/10. The reason would be the soundtrack. I really wished the still added ""Ave Maria""Overall, I would say it is 9/10 compared to other games such as GTAV etc.I would really encourage you to buy this game, especially if you are really a Hitman player like me. In my opinion, newbies on the series would probably not appreciate this game as much as us old timers, but it is definitely one of the best games =DI wish this helps you buy the game =D I would say you would be missing out on lots if you dont get this game =D"
76561197972251977,Recommended,236870,21905659,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Iceman ♞ Colbert,"Loved it! Much better than Absolution (that was kinda disapointing, because of the hollywood garbage) , its more like Blood Money. And that is a really good.Level design is super, AI is not flawless but I like it alot. Atmosphere is all good.But theres always two sides of the coin, and here are the other side;They still have to work on some performance (some frame drops) issues though.Always have to be online to play. This is a TOTAL DISGRACE, when this is a singleplayer experience. Under the about 15 hours of playing i got disconnected ONCE during a mission. Thats ok, but really!? I want to be able to play the game if i dont have connection to the internet. Ive PAYED FOR IT!Could have made 1 more ""whole"" level instead of the training levels.A lot of people dont think that the game should be released as it is, with levels being released once a month. But thats ok by me if they keep making the levels as deep and big as the Paris-assignment. Otherwise id guess we had to wait until 2017 to play this. Keep it up IO!"
76561198130945568,Recommended,236870,23338790,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,killeralltime,some bugs but overall good game
76561198017747531,Recommended,236870,23079549,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,null,Loving it so far. A lot of replayability.
,Recommended,236870,23056398,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bulletpoint,great game i love it only objection is that dlcs are a bit too expensive for only one level
76561198252016888,Recommended,236870,23079107,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ROYAL  |   KuBA,"This is the Hitman we (Hitman fans) have been waiting for. I could go on and on about the graphics, gameplay and how amazing it is blah blah blah... That's not the point. It's all about the atmosphere, all about the freedom to kill anyway you desire.BTW I actually like the episodic model, keeps me from blasting through the game in a few days and makes me explore different ways to kill the same targets.If you are planning on getting it eventually do it now because the Elusive Targets are limited to 48 hours, meaning you won't be able to play them later and they are hella fun and hard too.10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236870,23081968,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Anekroth,"Better than Absolution but not as good as Blood Money.  This entry in the series does seem to be more plot driven than previous entries so far, which I like (though only two episodes have been released at this point so it's still left to be seen how good that aspect turns out to be).  I was hoping that each episode was going to be more than a single mission per episode which has turned out not to be the case.  It looks like the developers are expecting community made content to make up for the lack of official content which is dissapointing.  It didn't take me long to complete the training and first two episodes which is also dissapointing.  I could go through and complete the levels in different ways and unlock other stuff but that gets boring quick for me and is a poor substitute for the lack of quality and quantity.  On a scale of 1-10 I would give it a 5.  My final opinion may change one way or the other once all the content has been released.  If you are a fan of the Hitman series than I recommend checking it out but wait for it to go on sale as I feel they didn't really earn their $59.99 on this one."
,Recommended,236870,25710118,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Broccoli,"This the ""new"" Blood Money. I do recommend this.Now to the pros & cons+Alot of challenges meaning almost endless content+Very nice targets with good backstorys+Contracts+Escalation (If you like them. I do)+Good graphics+Big maps with alot of stuff to find+elusive targets-Some bugs here and there-alot of the item unlocks are just reskins"
76561198061345617,Recommended,236870,23891678,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drik,"Great game!I always loved the Hitman games, this one though takes the cake!Killing Targets in more ways, Elusive Targets that keep each level interesting and a challenge, and a good look on how things came to be."
,Recommended,236870,26738766,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Firesnap,"Love the detailed, beautiful environments. Specifically Paris, Bangkok, Hokkaido.P.S. IOI, Remove the online requirement please."
,Not Recommended,236870,29874555,Posted: 12 February,all,Joker,"A game that forces you to grind due to lack of content. It probably feels good for Hitman newcomers, but Hitman veterans that have played every single game of the series will be disappointed. 7.0/10Pros-Sapienza (one of the best levels in the series)-Various ways to kill your targets (yet they are oversimplified and linear.)-New engine-Solid graphics-Playtime is quite huge if you like all these contracts, escalations etcCons-Episodic release, they compensate the lack of content with a need to grind (seriously, 20 mastery level to have a higher difficulty?)-No story at all (even that story ended up in cliffhanger)-I personally find Colorado, Hokkaido and Bangkok levels pretty weak-Missing features from former games (like briefcase)-The game feels unfinished, animations, voice acting, all of this is at the level of the first episode Paris, there was no improvement to it at all.-Lacks depth of former games, everything feels too cartoonish-Elusive targets will get very quickly boring, they are all repetitiveI played it since Episode 3.At overall, I'm glad I have all episodes for free (except Intro Pack) because otherwise I would have been disappointed with this game even more. Hitman newcomers will probably like this game, but I, personally as a guy that finished every single game of this game call this a disappointment. I don't like grinding at all, I don't have enough time for it. I just want to start the game, load a mission on the highest difficulty and complete it in different ways. Even Absolution got that right."
,Not Recommended,236870,21782480,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Firenyth,"payed $80 for the ""full experience"" and all i got was training and paris was not clear that i had no access to the rest of the game until i looked online going to get a refund and get a previous hitman one that wont be over in 2 hours"
76561197990082397,Not Recommended,236870,21808923,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mflexx,Pretty buggy dragging doesnt work correctly gotta put some more hours into it or wait for some patches i dunno
76561198263419949,Not Recommended,236870,21783276,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CicerCC,"one map for this month.want to play another map?please stand by.Connecting to the HItman server.....................Online.Loading.....................Watch an awesome cinematic.Kill that MF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You are disconnected.Go back to menu.Loading again.In this way,you can replay this one map for thousands times during this month.SE is fxxking brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198005041294,Not Recommended,236870,21781827,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,47lubbe,"I have palyed all the hitman series games and have to say that I expected better. Hitman bloodmoney is still the best. Don't get me wrong its not a bad hitman game but the fact that we have to wait for extra episodes is dissapointing. Furthermore, There online servers keeps on crashing. Evertime you play online with the extra contracts is keeps on diconnecting for some reason after a while which means you are immediately kicked out of the mission and into the main menu. This is really annoying !!!!. It also happens when you play the main mission online.I suggest fans like me of the hitman games should rather wait until all the missions are out or atleast when there are 4 main missions available and when there server problems are fixed before investing in buying this game."
76561198056675796,Not Recommended,236870,21783945,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tulip,"For those who concern - This is my first and very honest review.About me:I'm a fan of Hitman series. In fact hitman is one of the few game i paid real money to play it.I played Hitman: Codename 47, Silent Assassin, Contracts, Blood Money, Aboslution and even Hitman GOThey said Hitman Contracts was bad but i still try to enjoy it because i love that bald and mean looking guyI mention this so you guys could know how love i really put for the hitman series.I was overjoy when heard that Hitman release and eager to play it and i regret my decision immediatelyAbout the game:Technically there are 4 levels.-Turtorial - You learn how to play the game-Replay turtorial - with diffirent strategies *such freedom* *much wow*-Turtorial: Final test - Small map but there is one fun method to kill the target-Paris - The one you see a lot on youtube. Large mapThings you expected when you paid for full experience:-A huge inventory of weapon like Hitman: Blood Money - Not gonna happen**The game only let you choose 2 gears, 1 weapon and 1 costume before doing the mission, and the only mission you're allow to do that is Paris.-A full game - You only have 4 levels like i mentioned. *Oopps*-A details map about intersting point to discovery, a sandbox like they said - Nope, the map contains only 2 things: The targets and the staircase. =>> The map was not helpful-Too easy to finish missions.-Characters lip not fit with the voice-Graphic is not improving a lot since the absolution.-You paid 60$ but you get 15$, suck to be you... Oh wait... Those people bought Intro pack can play the game first but you can't until they full release. -- Sucker-Elusive mode is *Not Available*-What is the duck is use for? Maybe i have to sitting duck wait for them to make a fully fuction game*The duck is available when you select gears*The issue i got:-Loading Paris for the first time and there was a bug made all characters hanging, then slowly turning to cinematic-Planted a bomb but there was no remote and the bomb turn into a mine-Some people concern about the 24/24 connect. I don't find that a problem but still i still name it herebut what is 24/24 connect is for by the way?My conclusion about the game:I really dissapointed about this game and also the first time i tried the refund button. I could say that this is somekind of fraud because when i purchased full experience, meant i want to play a full game, not just an intro pack. Everything i read when they intro Hitman was a lie and i cannot accpect it. I bought it because the hitman, bought it before it release to have it White suit. But then after playing the game, those things are not important anymoreDon't buy it, because if you buy it you're support them to make these kind of games in the future. You don't want that right? Your money is your tear and blood.Do not give it so easy"
76561198045458361,Not Recommended,236870,21796068,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tristan33,"I have one of the most healthy computers on the market, and I thought it would give me an edge on all the negative reviews. I LOVE HITMAN! Just not THIS hitman. However I know I could have, but I don't see that this game is in Beta, or any reason it isn't supposed to be complete.Here's the problems:-Not every one likes Tutorials, but I feel I need to experience every bit of the story I can. A Reboot to Hitman?! With Absolution features?! *Heavy Breathing.* Tried playing through the game 10 minutes in on six seperate occasions. Disconnected from THEIR server. Oh no worries, I'll just finish up and connect later to update my save game. Nope! I am Kicked out of the gameplay and returned to their Menu. Thought I was making a mistake, then I saw all the issues online. That made me mad, but I wasn't going to give up on you Hitman!-I'm not really one to care about graphics, but this is 2016. I was surprised by the download of 7 some gb, but now I know why. I ran a benchmark, Hitman Absolution by far has the better graphics, and that game is older then this?! I would have waited for you Hitman, but 60 bucks for this? Come on! Come on guys! I have a Titan X, there's no reason for the game to look like a Xbox 360 game! So much clipping in it that totally broke the atmosphere of the game too. I don't think even Blood Money had so many issues with everything feeling so flat! Also I love Hitman for its design choices, this feels empty and flat as well. Everything feels so 2Dimensional. The execution buttons, The menus. Doesn't feel like a complete game. Especially a $60 game. Disapointing.-There are some technical issues, the graphics aren't on point, but what about the game play. A lot of the game play is recycled from other games. Which takes away from a new feeling or a more viceral feeling. The item usage in the game is all I could tell in which they added. I couldn't even make it far enough to use guns though. :-( When I finally got a gun it crashed... Not much I can say on the game play, because I couldn't play it for 10 minutes at a time. For the hour that I tried to make it work though, it felt like the same old Hitman, probably not in a good way though... <.< Sorry Hitman...-I will follow this game, and hope they finish it, or fix it, or whatever we're calling it these days. However I'm not putting any money down, until they get their shisa together."
,Not Recommended,236870,21776826,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TheRoot,"Ok a few things that I love and hateLoved)ChallengesTargetsMastryStealthAbility to use your enviroment (ie. Kill with a chandelier)Disguises and how certain areas are restricted or considered trepassing than othersSome NPCs ""Seeing"" through your disguise I like this because it resembles real life the low paying employees don't give a single crap while the mangers or elite are like ""Holy crap we have an imposter!""Small download but tbh we didn't get much from this first ""helping"" and it says that by 2017 it will be a 50 gigabyte game which I can agree seeing the graphics and how detailed the maps and NPCs areThe leaderboard for how complete and well you did a mission and you can add points for doing something particular or whateverHated)You need a BEEFY system for this game and when I say beefy I mean I have a GTX 970 and an Overclocked i7 4790k and even with V Sync Framerates are CRAZY as in in a deserted location I can get 45-60 FPS while in a crowd a measly and painful 20 FPS. Like you all know the console port is WAY downgraded and expecting this port to run on consoles would be an absolute, outlandish dreamI'm kinda mad but remain neutral on this but the fact that we are getting this in monthly, episodic bites over giving us a huge turkey and adding the gravy and cranberries later but to be fair for IO this DOES and WILL increase how long people will think about this and how engagement rates will be considering all the challenges per mission and the live targetsI just hope that IO won't use the engagement and use it to ""suddenly"" want to make the rest of the episodic missions which I paid in entirety for (Full Experience) blocked behind a pay wallAlso this caters specfically to those who are Hitman Fans, Played Past Hitman Titles and or At least liked Hitman: Blood Money which is sad because this could have been an introducers to new fans especially because of the LONG gap between the last game and the Next Gen look and feel (Certainly for the graphics and hardware to run this beast)And finally the whole Internet connection thing which other than challenges, contacts and leaderboard is an antipiracy measure again piracy rarely results in much lost profit and is a way for picky and or doubtful gamers to try this game especially because the intro is nothing valued at 1 fourth of the game (which is BS) and because that closed beta was only for people like me who preordered the freaking game!And also the fact that what I did in the beta was a huge chunk of what we got today and for the first hour I knew EXACLTY WHAT TO DO and THEY SPILLED THE BEANS ON THE PARIS SHOWSTOPPER OVER A YEAR AGO AT E3 so nothing new ;(I only roccmend this to die hard Hitman fans who are desperate for some Hitman content and some gamin' hours and that is who I am"
,Not Recommended,236870,21781374,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Agathorn (SH),"Unplayable for me due to random freezesAlways online connection required, despite no mention of it in the game requirementsYet another bad console port.  It is Batman AK all over again.i7-4770k, GTX 980TI, 16gb ram, Windows 10x64First of all this game is completely unplayable for me currently as it often and randomly locks up.  I haven't not been able to solve it.Performance:Performance isn't great but not horrible when it comes to FPS but there is a lot more to it than that which I will get to in a minute.DirectX 12, MAX all settings, 5k resolution - Average 20FPSDirectX 12, MIN all settings, 2k resolution - Average 100FPSDirectX 11, MIN all settings, 2k resolution - 60FPS locked.Oddly in DX 11 mode this game seems to have a 60FPS cap.  How disgusting.  This cap does not appear to be present in DX 12 mode.While framerate is decent, the game has serious asset streaming issues and appears to deal with it in the typical console way.  Serious asset popping incluing textures, shadows, and even entire actors just popping into place.  There is also a weird cloth sim issue where the closer you get to say a woman in a dress, the more refined the cloth simulation becomes.  The game has a VERY small distance in which it switches to the set quality level.Graphical difference between MAX settings and 20fps and MIN settings and 100fps is very subtle!  I mean reall,y it is different but not by a whole lot.  Honestly it looks last gen either way.  I almost feel like the screenschots and marketing shots are all fake because the game looks nothing like them even on maximum settings.  Do yourself a favor and just play on min."
76561198055693314,Not Recommended,236870,21782191,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,0̴̥ͮ̈͛̀͡4͈̤ͥͤ̏ͩ̂ͤ,It is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥er Version of The Beta
,Not Recommended,236870,21783435,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,"I would like recommend this game so bad i love it so much this game is feel so Alive huge crownd you have to beware to do not did something weird a lot of detail and interesting map design a lot of freedom you can do I would said again i love it!but it really damn short for one episode it's just took 2 Hrs to finished include prologueyour Main Mission for ep1 it just Two Targets to kill and it's done for you Episode 1If you do care about score learderboard you have to spent more time than meContact Mode is had a lot of targets for you but i feel like it's just random person for you to assassinate them, there have diffrent job, diffrent location so you have to think how you can get close to them but it still in same area paris fashion showI really don't care contact mode i want more story, main target that is what can entertain me not repetitive thing like contact modemaybe it short because INTRO PACK Price reason let hope Ep.2 not gonna be like this and i will change my review to recommend."
,Not Recommended,236870,21784124,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,☭SovietSlav☭,i love this series i have played and enjoyed all of the past games but i cant find joy in this game there is a single story mission and i am ver dissapointed that i spent 59.99 on this. i suggest you keep an eye on this and wait till they release the rest of the missions
,Not Recommended,236870,21783828,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wew Lad,"They make a game better than ablsoultion, but fail to make it as good as the series used to be. It feels like they're more worried about online only in a damn hitman game. Yes that's right online only in a hitman game, what the actual f**k! It is fun to play but not enough content. Even a EA game has more sh!t then this. IO if you ever make another hitman game, please just have it a remastered blood money, without the damn online and episodic bs. I'd rather have a baby come out my pen!s than play this episodic bs. i rate 8/8 would reccommend."
76561198027590647,Not Recommended,236870,21778154,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Positive Mental Attitude,Great gameplay. Gorgeous visuals. Large open levels.All of it ruined by always-online DRM that will lock you out of a significant portion of the game if the servers go down.
76561198022826823,Not Recommended,236870,21780967,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DEAD DADD,I bought and predownloaded hitman enter a world of assassination today. I completed the game in a measly 4 hours. The game was difficult but only had between 4 to 5 levels. Only about three levles were not tutorial and one of these was exactlythe same only you had free reign. I spent the 60 dollars on the game thinking that it would be like Hitman Absolution or like Hitman Bloodmoney. I was greatly disappointed when the game had only a fraction of the overall content that those games had. I would not recomend spending the 60 dollars for the full edition. You should instead if you are set on getting a version of the game get the 15 dollar intro edition which has their biggest mission the Paris level.
76561198082771505,Not Recommended,236870,21781442,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BADASS,TO MANY BUGS!! VERY DISAPOINTED! DONT EVER BUY THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,236870,21783588,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CrentistTheDentist,At this time i cannot recommend this game mostly due to the technical glitches and really poor optimization this game has. I love hitman ever since the original og hitman 47 chinese restraunt! Ive enjoyed every game in the series aside from absolution and while this is very much a return to form of classic hitman. theres way too many glitches and bugs/ crashes. I can be standing still in a room not moving and my frame rate randomly goes from 60 - 40 - 15.. withouth me inputting anything. I have an i5 4ghz 970 sli 16gb ram and its installed on an ssd. Cant be too mad cause it was only 15bucks but i will not buy anymore episodes unless they fix the performance /stability
,Not Recommended,236870,21795938,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Korbeen,"So....I bought the intro pack... Because it would have ""all the paris episode"" plus prologue...The prologue is just the tutorial with two very simple (<- and I MEAN it) maps and the Paris Episode is just ONE (1, Uno, Um). I played for 3 hours and I finished (done Paris twice).Now I'm wondering... will the next locations have just one map too? Maybe they are counting the tutorials maps so we can expect 3 maps for locations? So it'll have 5 other locations suming 16 maps plus 2 tutorials... By the complexity of the Paris map I got to say... not enough.The game mechanics are good enough, while still worse than blood money (especially because of player triggered scripts), it's a very good improvement over absolution, the game tries to rescue the feeling and the gameplay from the blood money merging it with some mechanics from absolution an example is that when you're in disguise just a few people using the same outfit will recognize you, so you have a lot more exploring freedom, while it's still more realistic than blood money. The inventory system comes directly from blood money, where you can have infinite items on it, but larger weapons are in display at all time, preventing you of passing unnoticed while carrying a shotgun and dressed as the cook.Even with the content that's being promissed for the year I think it'll be a lackbuster, with this amount of content the game should, at least, have some new bonus gameplay features, maybe a small co-op exclusive campaign or some kind experimental assymetrical versus or just a remake of some fan favorites maps from the previous games.This game, as-is,  is way worse than Ground Zeroes, I have around 10 hours played on that game, the map was huge, there was a lot of approach options, like a dozen of side missions and an actual story, a brand new engine, a pretty decent A.I. and I think it was around the same price as the intro pack.Anyway, the intro pack is kind of cheap... but the lack of content for a game with ""enter a world of assassination"" as slogan it's simple bizarre, more like ""enter a very, very, very little room of assassination"", if they used the intro pack to lure in more players, it was a missfire...I'll update the review as more content become available, but right now, the game can't be recommended to anyone."
76561197970823152,Recommended,236870,23304699,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Patient_Jack,"You can not beat the mad butchers meat murdering simulator. Sit around, look at the sky, kill something. The possibliities are endless in this stunning chapter of one of the greatest gaming franchises of all time."
,Recommended,236870,34305289,Posted: 17 August,all,Ante,"Bought the game in its beginning (before Sapienza), and followed its evolution and updates to this day. A lot of people have issues with how the game was published and with some of IO Interactive's questionnable game design, especially with the always-on DRM, but those were never a problem to me. Even better, I truly think that the episodic development and publishing was a pretty neat idea, pushing the player to come back every now and then to discover new features, challenges and missions. I honestly don't think I would have played that much if the game came out in one piece, as I would have played levels after levels and wouldn't have had much interest in the secondary missions and objective. Whereas with this method of publishing, every ounce of content that came out was to be enjoyed when it came out. I still get how this could annoy people who would've expected a complete game from the start, but now that everything has been published, HITMAN is pretty well-rounded and fleshed out.Though the game isn't that well optimised, it's still holds up on upper-middle ranges of computers such as mine, but it can become rapidly annoying to play it on lower-end PCs. If you manage to run it on your computer though, you'll discover a pretty neat game, graphically speaking. The different maps are full of details in every corners, and I found the lighting surprisingly well-done. A really good-looking game.As for the music and voice-over, it's alright, but quite forgettable. The trailers, on the other hand, have incredible soundtracks. I'm thinking of the Sapienza trailer, which plays ""Between Two Points"" by the Glitch Mob, a masterpiece ! The voice-over is alright, they got David Bateson as 47, which is nice, but because he doesn't speak much, it's not a big selling point. The writting was pretty nice, though.The gameplay mixes Blood Money and Absolution. Blood Money for the overall style and for the missions that are contract-based, and Absolution for some of its mechanics such as the ability to see through walls. The gameplay is close to perfect, it has so much things going on that it'll be difficult to me to make an exhaustive list of everything that you can do/use to accomplish your missions. You can:Pick up a lot of everyday objects to use as throwing weaponsPick up every weapons the guards carry and use itPlan your missions by selecting where you will be starting, with what weapon and gadgetsUnlock new starting items and locationsDisguise into about every types of NPCs except neutral NPCs such as the tourists in SapienzaOverhear a conversation and thus trigger an ""opportunity"" that will help you set up a trap or a rendez-vous with one of your targetsDecide whether you want to play non-lethal or notPlay with the well-programmed AI and fool them by many means such as throwing an item to make noise and make them look the other wayGet to your targets in many waysKill your target in many waysComplete a lot of secondary objectives and missionsAnd the list goes on, but just know that you'll have plenty to do if you want to get every achievments, or simply are afraid that the game as a bad replayability.As for the story, the game being contract-based has an implicit and somewhat mysterious story, which is told right before and after completing a mission. Yet, this first season doesn't really go anywhere, exept the fact that we know there is an organization that want to take over the world or something. So if you are expecting a well-written story with complex characters, maybe you should avoid this game.HITMAN truly shines with its gameplay, which is complex enough that you will want to replay each level at least once to discover everything that has to be discovered. It's well executed and you should consider buying it for everything that I've mentionned, whether it is on sale or not."
76561198034029146,Recommended,236870,21880711,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,bullboy13,This game already wipes its A$$ with Absolution despite a few flaws now im with the majority of you in regards to not being too pleased with the episodic format but its not a deal breaker. This game is very reminiscent of blood money which is great seeing as that is one of the best hitman games in the series and a far cry above Absolution despite its age. The DRM is painful however I couldn't play for more than 20 minutes without the servers discounting and all my progress since my last save being lost and although you can play offline you loose a few features most noticably being able to place higher caliber weapons on scene (for some reason) but that comes with being an early adopter and I hope the servers will be brought up to snuff with time. Nevertheless I feel like this is a great start and is fairly priced for what you get I could spend hours on this one level however the levels themselves do not justify the pricetag but I feel we are also paying for the base mechanics as well and that for a similar or lower price the next installment will have much more content. I feel that this game is going to a good place I would not recomend buying it now if you are new to the franchise but for the long time fans who hated Absolution this is for you and for the rest of you pherhaps wait for the full release and a price drop if your unhappy with the release format.
76561198011671244,Recommended,236870,21873250,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,george47mathew,"The pros:-This game is a bit better than Absolution with the (plenty) of ways to play a single mission and other game mechanics.-Nicely crafted AI. (yes it can be predictable and they got these patterns, but one can't expect a perfect AI system ....thats a lot work considering the big maps here).-Nicley crafted missions......I guess it takes big time to create each of those episodes, hoping there is many in future. Well, you cant expect hyper realism...that'll be impossible to play.So far the cons of this game for now:-Waiting for the next episode after you finish the challenges.[-Online connectivity bugs and stability.] ""This is the main problem""- Lack of immersion guns and customization.The guns have zero less resemblance to our real world counterparts....only the m1911 looks like like our real world type......but thats just me stuck on realism gun types.-Single Player episodic challenges and other achievements is disabled when offline / loss of connection.-While the graphics is good, it takes a toll on your system and I can play Battlefield 5,Rise of Flight and Shadow of Mordor in max settings.....but this kinda overheats my system more, I have to play in breaks for that.Anyway.....this game is getting better ( there is no such thing as a perfect game and all got bugs and such ) and its only just launched, so give it time like one or two month and I can recommend this. It looks promising so far.As much as I  like the game......I cant recommend it just yet....its better to wait like 2-3 months.Just so you guys know this, the TRUE FULL Game releases only in 2017, with all the episodes.As of now, its in a pseudo BETA stage with us getting it early and testing those episodes."
,Not Recommended,236870,26736665,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[KRAKEN]wesruv,"It's like a nice ice cream sunday with some turds on top.Gameplay is as good as the last one in the series, but without the irritating inability to save when you feel like it.INCREDIBLY ANNOYING addition is 'always online gameplay'. You can play the game and beat story levels while you're 'offline', but you don't get ratings/ranking/etc. Certain game modes _require_ that you're always online and if you get booted you can't finish the level.There seems to be a lot of content that _requires_ constant internet connection, so some of the promise of this game's features can be quickly ruined by a brief network blip.I tried to play the story line missions, UI was completely confusing, I ended up picking a special online only game mode where you can't save or replay the mission once you start completing objectives.I work from home on the internet, my internet connection is baller; but for some reason I lost connection to the server and then had to quit the level completely losing all progress. I was in 'Offline' mode at that point and the UI lost most of it's content (because you can't get extra content if you're offline), then I complete the story line mission to find out at the end that I don't get any score or achievements.Bravo.Beat the game in 15 hours, and I took my sweet time. This felt ok since I only paid $30, but I wouldn't recommend buying at full price, I would have been upset if that was the case."
,Not Recommended,236870,30678858,Posted: 22 March,all,Propek,"I want to give this game a good review. I love playing it. But the Elusive Target system has me so frustrated I've uninstalled. The Bookkeeper in Colorado was tough, not Impossible to SA. However all of the guards knew where I was (even though I was hidden in a container) and killed me the moment the target was down."
76561197970977650,Not Recommended,236870,28137852,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,puntercam,"I've played every Hitman - I remember buying the original, and I remember how insanely difficult I found it.. No saves, easily spotted.. Very few ""set piece"" kind of kills - it was you only, and you had to be smart. It wasn't great, but its was exciting. The series quality varied over the years, but never found the sweet spot between map size, difficulty, and story. I looked forward to this new installment, as it promised a game in which you were just a hitman once again.. No nonsense story, just a simple series of contracts, and some intrigue behind it..So what's it like? Essentially, despite the advertising, it's the same as the old one. The graphics are nice, and the big wide open spaces filled with hundreds of people are impressive, but Absolution looked nice, and had the same impressive quantity of people.. The interface is fine (although I really miss the old map), and the controls are fluent and simple.The problem is the gameplay; it's deteriorated (over many years) into a series of mini puzzles. You're given quite big maps, but the objectives are simple, and the targets just do their little 5 minute loop routines. How do I kill this guy? Well actually killing him isn't difficult - killing him while getting a perfect score requires a little more work, but it doesn't require any further skill. And the ways in which you kill people are so scripted now...  And usually these ways are annouced within a minute of beginning a level, by ""overhearing"" someone talking.It just feels so limited, and hasn't moved the game on at all. I want an mini open world, and I want to be able to really get into the character.. Even the first game used to give you a few blocks around your target! You could even ambush the target enroute if you were quick about it.. Where's the urgency? Why can't we have limited opportunities? A narrow window? Give us a game where we have to switch on and really play, rather than one where I can just press ""blend in"" and go for lunch.But hey, I guess we're in a world where nobody wants anything new - same old♥♥♥♥♥♥please.Massively disappointed. 5/10."
,Recommended,236870,23508008,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Trump_45,"HITMAN 2016 is a flawed game at present, but fans of the series will find it incredibly refreshing.I've been playing the Hitman series since Codename 47. Countless hours put into my favorite missions on Blood Money, Contracts, and Silent Assassin. In particular, played A Murder of Crows and A New Life to death. And then came Absolution, which I couldn't even finish. Hated the mechanics, hated the story, didn't feel like a Hitman title at all.In many ways, HITMAN 2016 is an apology from Io Interactive for Absolution, I think. Some of the Absolution mechanics are still there, but the game is much truer to Blood Money than any other Hitman. I've had a ton of fun playing the extremely detailed locales in Paris and Italy and Morocco. Io shows that they remain one of the greats of globe-trotting gameplay, at least as far as the visuals are concerned.It's not all good, however. The DRM/Always-Online requirement and its justification is lame. Although I don't have a huge problem with episodic gameplay, many do, and there is a certain incompleteness to the whole game at the moment that accentuates the lack of polish in certain areas. Voice acting, in particular, is moribund, with the same bro-tier American English being overheard in Paris, in the streets of Italy, and finally in the souks of Morocco, where I have lived and can assure you there is little English to be found. It's silly, and detracts majorly from the ""spy novel"" feel of this Hitman. Jesper Kyd is also no longer making the Hitman soundtracks, which is a huge blow, immediately evident with the cliched ""action music"" present in all levels. To top it all off, the system requirements for this Hitman are steep, and performance seems to fluctuate a great deal between patches.Perhaps - as with many video games - the worst feature of this Hitman are the fanboys. I consider myself a pretty big Hitman fan, but I'm not above telling Io when they're making a mistake, i.e. the voices in HITMAN. This opinion - that Moroccans should sound like Moroccans - recently got me banned from HitmanForum, which was the only Hitman-themed forum I could find to discuss this game, other than Steam. I copped a cool 30-year ban for telling one of the admins that Moroccans speak Arabic and French, not English. Lol. What are you going to do? Fanboys gonna fanboy.At the end of the day, HITMAN 2016 is for Hitman fans. New players will find it hard to pick up, I imagine, though not impossible. It has flashes of brilliance, and if Io listens to constructive feedback, I believe it could be the Blood Money for the 2010s. If not, it'll remain a flawed experience, but still very playable.In short, buy it if you like Hitman, wait for the finished product if you're not sure."
,Not Recommended,236870,26322107,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Groot,"Steam says I have an hour in this game now, not a single minute has been spent moving our favorite hitman around. I have been staring at ""Connection failed"" for an hour though. (I did get into the main menu the first time I started the game, but got disconnected before I was able to finish watching the intro movie.)"
76561197971515855,Not Recommended,236870,22092861,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,IntelJoe,"Online versus offline... It's dumb and the dev's don't listen to gamers, they only want to stuff their wallets."
76561198012262969,Recommended,236870,23090129,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,2Green,"This game is loads of fun. The episodic release format is an... Interesting choice, but the gameplay is so smooth and enjoyable that it really makes up for it and more. If you are a fan of previous Hitman installments, you WILL enjoy this game. Be sure to play Sapienza, it's awesome."
,Recommended,236870,25604715,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,the dark souls of videogames,"This is exactly what I wanted from the series gameplay wise.The maps are massive and have lots to do, the NPC's are easy to manipulate and the game just feels like Blood Money 2.HOWEVER -Performance is terrible, just awful, I'm running a 980ti and an OC i5 3570k and I should not be hitting 30-40fps consistently when far more demanding games cruise at an easy 60fps.Additionally, the always online DRM is horrible and I look forward to when IO eventually have to drop it when they discontinue support for this game. I sure do hope they remember to make the game playable offline at that point, or I predict many IO employees will be suffering assassinations of their own.If your connection is stable and you don't mind pretending you're on a PS3, I can't recommend this game enough, it's enormous fun. I'm writing this review having gotten only up to Episoded 3, and I already know I'll be putting hundreds of hours into this."
76561198086285769,Recommended,236870,21930502,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rokket,"its a good game, idk why peoople are conplaning about DRM or something like why would u not be connected to wifi anyways ? worth a buy, lots of replayability and its fun to shoot people"
,Recommended,236870,22793805,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"The game is very good, Ive had no serious issues. I have been disconnected, and forced to start over in offline mode, or load a offline save. It was a bit of a bummer, but I can still keep playing and it is a good practice against cheaters. So, not a big deal. What kinda bums me out is having to wait for the maps, like a month each, but if the quality of the maps keeps improving as it has, I can toatally see this working for me. Great game, makes me feel like playing blood money."
,Recommended,236870,21784448,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,"1)I wish they had this on FOX ENGINE :(2)my potato rig is crying too :(3)i still dont know why its not as fun as going loud in blood money when you just had that day where stealth is not an option~ (maybe because of the missing briefcase?which makes u feel like a 007 clone somehow)4)its not that bad, as with arkha* k****t though.. but still....5)repetitive gaming, just like other games such as MGSV, pacman, chess, riding a bicycle, etc. The enjoyment lies in where you set your mind.  Its not always bad to live.die.repeat.6)hitman is actually a puzzle game. if you dont enjoy puzzle games, dont.7)this is not dota, no teamwork gaming watsoever. you r on your own.8)he is not a soldier. so i guess he wont be able to ride tanks, helicopters, cars, bicycle..etc. this is not battlefield.9) yeah...optimization...is ...hm...lacking in some degree...10) they could have just tell ppl, about the 2GB download after the preload, so ppl wont rage out of the blue.11) Like this comment if you like my profile picture. bcause why not?12) i wish there are more weapons customization for the users to mingle with. (maybe theres more coming, idk. so far only seen a few...but too few. Remember BM? u can pick suppresors, bullet types, lasers, scopes, light sabers, droids, your mom's kitchen ware. etc13) this is hitman F experience. you only get the U and the L and another L later.  Its episodic."
,Recommended,236870,22983965,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Marko19907,"Despite the fact that it is CONSTANTLY OFFLINE (pls fix). The core Hitman Gameplay features are incredible.The game is good. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise. Unless they mention how it’s in episodesPros+ Amazing voice actors+ Great graphics+ Large worlds+ Smart AI+ Autosaves+ ReplayablityCons- The game forces my graphics settings, texture locked to low (GTX 970)- Always online- Inconsistent framerates8.5 / 10 overall"
,Recommended,236870,21916371,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Prat,"Great game so far, feels more HITMAN: Blood Money than the previous hitman, and its only had 1 true mission so far. Cant wait for the rest."
,Recommended,236870,21916840,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,YOUR FACE! GODAMMIT!,"This is awesome, looks great and runs very well. The downside is that it needs a solid internet connection, but what dosent these days anyway?'if you are a fan of the series i say buy it or give it a go with the intro, Your choice."
,Recommended,236870,21921698,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ryguy McWantstodie,"The biggest issue is the always online DRM. However i didn't have any problems in my two hours of play, not even from the loading times every one seems to be complaining about."
,Recommended,236870,23510060,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheLegitKhajit,"Forked my cash in advance for the full game (cheaper that way) and so far I was not disappointed. Sure, it takes a GTX 1080 to comfortably play the game (with my second 1080 not useful because SLI causes massive fps drops whenever there is a mirror in sight...and I STILL get drops down to 30s in some places overlooking the map due to how massive the levels are and how crap the optimization is in that regard...) and the AI is not super smart (I think even in Hitman 2 they paid attention to blood pools on the ground) but considering that Absolution was such a linear game with only the Chinatown level being somewhat HITMAN-like - this new HITMAN is just so much better. I like that the game is going back to its roots with Blood Money style of a gameplay - really enjoying the game this way, trying to beat different challenges :)Not liking that I can't mod weapons like I could in Blood Money and there's no cash system overall - that kinda sucks. But you do get more gear with more challenges beaten, so i guess that's somewhat the replacement for the cash system (though I did enjoy the way 47 was always interested in earning that extra cash from risky jobs and was offered extra cash for extra targets in Blood Money - that made it work so well for me!).Overall I'm really enjoying the game and actually enjoying it much more than I thought I would at the beginning (especially 2 weeks ago when I had a SLI laptop - my new rig and a new G-Synch monitor really made this game shine!)This definitely gets a recommendation from me!---------------------------------------------EDIT as of 1st of August 2016:So far the game is awesome and I love doing the challenges. Silent Assassin Suit Only is the real deal :)The challenge system works well, actually, I grew to like it as it rewards your efforts with great gear to use later on in the game. If you're good - you'll have good gear. If you suck - you won't. That's the way I like it :)The summer bonus episodes are a lot of fun! I really do hope IO/Square make more various missions like that for other locations as I enjoyed the change of pacing and atmosphere a lot!And to address the numerous complaints about the business model...well...while I don't agree fully with selling an incomplete game for the full price - IO/Square are keeping the game alive and busy with the live content, which keeps ME busy until new offline content comes out. I forked cash in advance because I had a hunch it's gonna be a great game and I wasn't disappointed :)I can only pity the fools who cheaped-out on such a great game!"
76561198031328972,Recommended,236870,23515307,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TDC SPARTAN,After being a huge splinter cell fan and a bit iffy on getting this because of lack of content I decided to get the game and boy was I supprised how good it is.If you like splinter cell or Hitman series GET IT NOW.Yes it only has three levels but the different type of optional missions keep it fresh as it is not linear at all therefore with the huge 3 maps and optional mission avaliable you will get your moneys worth easy.Think of it like this its not 3 mission its three large maps with various ways on getting to the objective.
76561198075535790,Recommended,236870,21939457,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bigfreight,"tldr; If you really want to play it, and you have a decent internet connection (as long as it's stable), buy the $15 intro pack.  Put it this way: if you don't like it, at least you didn't burn $60.As far as the gameplay itself is concerned, it is very fun.  If you need an example, think of Hitman Blood Money, or the big open levels of Hitman Absolution (also the slow-mo shooting mechanic is gone, bummer).Everyone says there's online-only DRM, but there's more to it.  The problem is you can't access the challenges, or customize the way you want to go about executing a mission unless you're online.  Want to start off working as a party attendant instead of a guest?  Go online.  Honestly, this is a terrible decision and I hope they get rid of it in the future.  But, as far as the server connections go, I haven't had any online problems since launch day."
,Not Recommended,236870,28350921,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ralph,"Chose to buy episodically, got scammed by the devs. Thanks guys.They said Intro-Pack owners would get the 7th level:http://i.imgur.com/O82mCIX.pngOops, apparantly they changed their minds. Nice false-advertising."
76561197990424351,Not Recommended,236870,21778719,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Canadian,It is a good game overall just the controls for it arent very good. It is designed to be played on a gaming console not pc hence controls not that good. Im also not impressed with the fact the majority of the game requires to be connected to the internet all the time. Haven't they learned from the fact all games that force this usually end up failing. I have a good gaming computer (can handle gta5 at full settings) and found even with the lowest game settings my computer barely could handle playing this. Bare in mind that this review was issued when the game first came out. Hopefully they have updated the issues above and with all other negative reviews but I suggest you do some research before buying this as your computer may not run it properly. As of now the negative review still stands though.**Update** Sept. 9/2016Like I said in my review this game is good. I have bought it for my PS 4 and it feel natural to play it on there compared to here. I think that it was just ported bad to the pc and effort really wasnt put into it. I recommend the game but only on a console.
,Not Recommended,236870,21783355,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jill Sandwich,Hitman is an episodic Game??? Seriously IO? OMG!!!
,Not Recommended,236870,21821200,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Actualprey,"This game is a technical nightmare.I've played this on the PS4 where my gut feeling was that even running on a decent spec console it was a bit janky, so I put my faith in my good ol' GTX Titan Black to hold it's own with it's 12GB of on board RAM.Nope.The framerate issues that others have been having do not affect me in the sightest.My issue lies solely in the fact that I cannot complete the first training mission.  I can kill the target and as soon as I leave to retrace my path and exit the level I turn towards the steps and the game hangs.I've tried different settings and turning things down off, on etc.....  but everytime I look anywhere at the stairs it hangs.It's just not good enough that a game like this has a huge bug that hasn't been tested properly.  I've even updated drivers and it still hangs in the exact same place.  And windows still runs so its application specific.  Hopefully there will be a patch, but I am not holding my breath.£40 wasted."
76561198003141213,Not Recommended,236870,21779634,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DiscoTurkey,"One of the hardest things of todays gaming industry is seeing classic games getting a reboot. Im sure i speak for many when i say Absolution was the beginning of the end for Hitman. I wanted to believe IO could redeem themselves. Sadly the game is a mess. Beta was a joke and now the release of the first episode has a whopping singe level over the beta, Oh and dont forget the first episode still comes with the bugs, so exactly what was the point of the beta IO. I decided to have some fun after stealthing the game, decided to play showstopper a different way killing everyone who had a gun on them without being spotted, lo and behold once i had cleared the map 3 smg wielding thugs spawned on my unconcious target out of thin air? I really wanted to like this game but $15 for a singe level over the beta plus all the bugs the beta had is a raw deal, i dont think IO have the talent to bring back what made Hitman great, it was a series that really deserved some care & effort."
76561198207114199,Not Recommended,236870,21784707,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,NightWind1789,I 'm just a player of this game . I think I have rights to say this game is so terrible. It make me disappointed !I need to keep game online everytime though it's not a real online game . I feel sad but I must say 'Hitman' is bad.
76561198017886745,Not Recommended,236870,21776150,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kevyn,"Do I recommend this game? No, not yet.Firstly it is episodic. Something I didn't realise until I started the game. It has an always online DRM - so I lost 10-20 minutes of careful progress when I disconnected from the server and it booted me out of my game. It regularly crashes. On DX12, it seems to always crash to desktop when an alarm it set off! Isn't that a new twist in stealth gaming?! Overall I see the potential, but it has not been executed well. I will get a Steam refund and purchase at Christmas when all the episodes are released, the bugs fixed and the always online measures turned off."
,Not Recommended,236870,21777662,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cantide,"This more initial expression than review. I want to like this game, i really do.I knew that i will not get full and complete game at the start. But this ""online"" mode really rustled my jimmies. Just imagine : you playing your mission nice and slow and then suddenly you prompted to go into main menu, cause hitman(tm) server is no longer accessible. You can watch youtube and play other online games, but button ""go online"" will do nothing for you in Hitman. As i understood if save is done during online mode, then you HAVE to be online to load it.tl;dr: if you started mission and something go wrong with server you will have to restart in offline mode. This currently make games unplayable for me."
,Not Recommended,236870,21800212,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Steven Gritsky,"well lets start with the bad part, levels are released in episodes (who the hell thought this was a good idea?) you need to be connected to the server 24/7 or your score/feats do not save. these two mainly just made me feel bad for even buying buying the intro pack for $15...cant forget the constant bugs with ai etc. The good part of the game is hey its a new hitman new ways to kill people with blunt objects"
76561198016855450,Not Recommended,236870,21819051,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,(USR) Lft.Storm,"So this is the first review I have ever written, I have never felt compelled to do so until now. This game is a scam (hate to say it). I loved all the Hitman games ever since the first and have always valued them on story, playability and so on. However this latest release has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to the point I am writing a review about it...  I spent £40 on this game and for this price I expect a fully fledged working game. What I got was 4 levels and an online mode where others can set up targets for me to kill. I now need to wait until April to get the next part of the story mode and I ask you is this really what you want for £40? Yes battlefield did it with there DLC releases but at least they gave you a full ♥♥♥♥ing game prior to you having to spend an additional £15 per release. This is not clear in any part of the description and to me should not be how a game should be sold. STEAM, make it clear next time that this is not the full game. BUY THE £10 VERSION AND SAVE YOURSELF SOME MONEY."
,Not Recommended,236870,21821351,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,三葉,Episodic release bla bla bla
,Not Recommended,236870,21777665,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mini Grim,Worse hitman game ive played. And really slow loading times.
,Not Recommended,236870,21779629,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Gabe,i5 3570k 8 gb ram r9 fury x new drivers ect cant even break console fps on ultra 1080.
76561198044691968,Not Recommended,236870,21784030,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,LondoBell Captain,"The connection error in this game is so disgusting that I don't wanna play this game. The game itself is fun but the system of game is the pain in the butt. Well, if Square Enix is unable to afford a server of high quality, then they should not require the players to stay online.The server provided for this game is just a piece of junk. The one who came up with the idea of connecting the single playing mode to the internet is really a retard who should be treated in the mental hospital."
,Not Recommended,236870,21816261,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ectoMarc,"why is the connection to the server so bad??? everytime you disconnect from server.. all your progress is lost like comeon bruhhhhhhhhh come on cuhhhhh Other than that the game is pretty solid, there are many ways to assassinate your target."
76561198072784334,Not Recommended,236870,21816755,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,vinnyknight0123,can't get the game to run properly very slugish always on drm kicked me out then could not get back in did't even make it paris level because of of these problems wait until full version or most of these prombles are fixed
,Not Recommended,236870,21817629,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,tmk,"Console port - ""release day"" 2gb patch helped framerate and menu navigation.Was excited to buy the game cheaper for first episode, but 1 mission? Sounds like a joke.2 training missions were in beta, and shouldn't be counted as official content...Looks like passion for this game (which looks great) is covered under stupid business decisions.The game is great but cmon... it should be smooth, fruitfull experience. Don't buy for full price, unless they would give you all the missions, this should be early access maybe?"
,Not Recommended,236870,21772226,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,azondahi,"'Full experience' for £40, get the beta content and one Paris mission. I knew they were following an episodic release before going into it but I wasn't prepared for how little content there is in this release. Less than actual episodic games for sure. One level, regardless of how many times and different ways you can go at it, and the contracts/elusive target stuff isn't going to make up for it being that one level for a whole month. And from the looks of it we'll get one similarly sized level per month, if they stick to the schedule?I mean, it's far more open than Absolution was, so it's got that going for it but I'd say that you should either wait for the full release, a sale, or go play Blood Money again instead. 13 levels vs 6, and no waiting."
,Recommended,236870,21907057,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"18/3/2016 (4 hours playtime)So far it's been fun, definitely has a few bugs to work out. I'm looking forward to the next location.Edit: Nov 28 2016Figured I should update this review: Hitman 2016 plays like older hitman games rather then that absolution♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy it if you like hitman, don't buy it if you don't like always online with Denuvo DRM.Edit: June 20 2017No more Denuvo, Thanks IO (good work getting away from SE)."
,Recommended,236870,21779761,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr.K,"A little blown away by that paris mission.  Hitman's back, baby."
76561197983295855,Recommended,236870,21783033,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mads47,"Silent Assassin, Contracts, Blood Money and Absolution all become one. This HITMAN experience fulfills on IO's open letter and brings the best of all Hitman games into one. This game feels like natural evolution of the franchise and ones again, and brings us the game we hoped for after Blood Money."
,Not Recommended,236870,30678716,Posted: 22 March,all,TheGoldenStevie,"This game was a good game, but to me it's not worth the 30 dollars that it is half priced, which is when I bought it.I was told, from reviews, that I would get hours and hours and hours of gameplay from this game, so I bought it.Little did I know that the hours and hours and hours of entertainment came from replay value, aka simply replaying the missions over and over to find different results. Personally, I respect a game that has replay value, but I only like playing through games only once. Even with this kind of game, when you're required to repeat one of the first missions, it didn't have the same splendor to me that it had the first time.I finished the game (main storyline) in 5 hours. This does not involve any time that I may have repeating missions in order to make myself feel like I spent 30 dollars justly.I would value this game, for people who don't like replay value, at $15. For people who love replaying storyline, I won't complain about the pricing."
,Not Recommended,236870,24083799,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mickey,"Interesting game. But not for everyone. Being able to find different ways of eliminating target seems interesting, but doing it at very similar locations gets boring quite quickly"
,Recommended,236870,24619508,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,waffletit,"As a skeptic, I bought this game upon release.  I was skeptical of the quality of the game, and the episodic model of which it was to be released.  The better part of me, given the quality of the most recent Hitman title, wanted to wait this one out and read community reviews once the entire package was released.  I can, without doubt, say that I am glad I pulled the trigger.I don't often write reviews because I don't have the time, 'nor can accurately gauge the impact/worth ratio my review will have.  I felt that this review was needed due in part of all of the false negative reviews this game is receiving based upon its pricing model.  Rarely is the quality of the actual game mentioned, and this is definitely high quality material.If you are the least bit skeptic as I once was, pull the trigger and try the first episode.  This game is classic.  It is beautifully rendered, runs like a dream, and despite an interface which I find clunky and counter-intuitive -- this is it.  This is the Hitman game we've wanted since Blood Money."
,Recommended,236870,21937230,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,( ͡ʘ╭͜ʖ╮͡ʘ),"Yes the always online DRM sucks, but the game is pretty damn good."
,Recommended,236870,21816893,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BarryBobJones ♠,"It seems that nothing but the rating section is a circle jerk of offline outrage and kids getting pissy that they can't run the game in 4k on their toaster but theactual gamehas more to offer than that.More importantly than that, the game itself can feel quite sparse, split amongst only 3 levels. What most people seem to be forgetting that this is indeed a hitman game. The ""mastery"" system offers large amounts of replayability. Trying new things completes challenges that offers you new approaches to the mission, which you can select in the planning phase. I've put a stupid amount of hours trying to fully complete the game but i'm still only about half way there (Perhaps I just suck?).The game however does have its kinks. People are right arguing that the game can often times run like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there are indeed connection problems,(though I've only been dropped twice in nearly 20 hrs of play)* but most importantly I'm more peaved that certain graphics setting are locked based on your hardware. Square seems to have forgot what platform they are marketing to.*EDIT: I've been getting alot more connection problems recently. At this point the game is unplayable. If this keeps up I might have to change my review.Overall ThoughtsProsLots of content for only 3 levelsAll levels have a lot replayability to themIt's not absolutionConsThe whole online mode should be cutThe game is buggy and needs optimizationToaster advocates will dislike this reviewIt's not bloodmoneyIn closing, the game is kinda like BF4 on release. It's a good game that I feel has a lot of potential, but the game feels unfinished and rushed. It's a game that i'm sure hitman fans would enjoy, but I dont think its at a point where I'd confidently put CAD$59.99 on the upgrade pack. If I were you I'd probably wait for a patch or 2 or just start off with the intro pack and take it from there."
,Not Recommended,236870,25381198,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MagmaHammer,"The gameplay is nice, but the game glitches so much it makes it almost unplayable. The screen flickers black every two seconds, various textures are missing/obviously in the wrong place etc. If you can live with that, then you should definetely buy this."
74598602357894605,Not Recommended,236870,26569100,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TRUMP,Always online DRM
,Recommended,236870,21943778,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jeotep,"This game is good fun, and having it release in episodes means i spend the time to replay a level and see everything its got to offer and realy master it before moving on to the next. If releasing a new level each month means they have a ton of content in each level then im fine with that."
,Not Recommended,236870,26758833,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,vQoo,"Not recommended! I could not connect to Hitmans servers, and my internet connection is working fine. FIX your servers if you really want to force us online. I asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,236870,21786826,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Terminal,"Terrible AIMediocre washed out visualsConsole UIHorrible performanceFed in demo bitsAlways OnlineDenuvoIf this is the future of pc gaming, im buying a gameboy."
,Not Recommended,236870,21789436,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Carlton Banks,"Optimization is awful and the game is lacking in content even at that price point. I know it's episodic, but even for an episodic experience it doesn't have enough stuff to do. Life is strange ep one was longer dammit!"
76561198013359010,Recommended,236870,21900758,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The-Reverend,"I have been playing the Hitman franchise since the very beginning. And, I like what I have seen of this one so far. Yes it’s episodic, which is annoying, but I’m willing to give them the benefit of the doubt, and believe this will ultimately result in more content of a better quality.It’s more sandbox orientated, which is what it should be.ConsThere needs to be more blood!I wish they went back to having in-game money, money for contracts, money to buy & upgrade weapons."
76561198077967164,Not Recommended,236870,24767241,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,IrishWristWatch,"-THE GAME-I have already sinked 20 hours just into the first DLC and I will sink many more hours in it. For your 12 (insert currency) you get a lot of game. This game was crafted with the love and joy by the developers with small details about the world that make you that slightly bit more immersed. This is a worthy sequel to Blood Money, to think that it was a ten year gap between Blood Money and the new Hitman, which is absolutely great.-THE BUSINESS MODEL-F*ck the f*cking pieces of sh*ts idiots that decided to split this game into 7 different parts.First it had a delay and then it needs an even bigger f*cking delay? What bullsh*t is that? This game was crafted with love and joy by the developers but it was♥♥♥♥♥♥on by whoever decided it would be a good idea to split this game up and nickle and dime the f*cking CUSTOMERS!-THE DRM-This game has DRM, and I don't care that all games these days have DRM, I'll point out every time. This DRM is intrusive as all hell, if your internet connection drops for 1 second (and I'm not exagerating) it boots you off the game. If the game thinks your internet connection dropped (which happened to me) it boots you off the game, which is really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying if you are doing an Elusive Contract and only have 1 try."
,Not Recommended,236870,26024255,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,revkn,"Decent Hitman game but falls short when stitching the parts toghether. 6/10Episode style does not work in its favor, overall story breaks apart because of it. Good gameplay but in some missions you can easily exploit, go ham and finish the mission in a fifth of the time, that for me destroys immersion. Its not a roleplay game like it should be, its an arena assassin shooter with multiple arenas to play in and get your sickscores."
76561197965910753,Not Recommended,236870,26105606,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,RekoHunter,"Watched the Outside Xbox playthroughs. Loved the Gary Busey elussive target. Bought game for that reason. Turns out Elussive Targets are time gated content only lasting 48 hours in the middle of a work week... Seriously? I payed for a damn game. The COMPLETE eddition. Seems rather ♥♥♥♥ing incomplete to me if I can't play the content I bought.Time gated content in a single player game. Creme dela creme of scummy. Don't purchase expecting to do the special missions if you have a job that's demanding and you have little time.To be fair the game it's self is well done and incredibly fun. It's solid, done right, and everything I've watched on the elussive target missions seem like they are amazing. But realy if I could get my money back I would. I want to enjoy a game in my own time. Having time gated content in a single player game is insane. Sitting here now realizing I can't do any of the content that heavily influenced my purchase for the game really taints the rest of the game."
,Recommended,236870,29970590,Posted: 16 February,all,Insane Tengu,Now on Linux.
,Not Recommended,236870,25722092,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,MiG,"I sure do like this game, but it has a few problems to me too. Voice acting in this game is lame for sure. Everywhere you go they speak really good English, which is odd. No French or nothing, Another thing is that guards etc. are very dumb. You can literally run in front of them to cover and they don't become suspicious.. Levels are also a bit easy. Developers have been a bit lazy on this one for sure. But they can still fix it ;)"
76561198029043078,Not Recommended,236870,24313780,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Chips,"At this point in time I am giving this game a 1/10.Don't get me wrong, it is a good game. Well thought out, story driven and great level design. But it has one major flaw that is a deal breaker. All the achivements have been unlocked. I havent completed hardley any and they unlocked at an update in late June shortly after I bought the game. Due to this, the game is unplayable as I am unable to track my progress. I have lodged a complaint to the devs... No reply.I have paid $60 for this game and I am forced to play it online. It is due to this feature that the achievemnts were unlocked and they are unable as of yet to fix it. Do not buy this game until they fix it or all you will have is a game that is already completed."
,Recommended,236870,21936647,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Saeze,"As much as people are trashing this game in the reviews for things that I generally agree with I'd like to highlight some of the great things about this game.The game is definitely a true successor to Blood Money and takes all the great gameplay and combines it with the improved mechanics of Absolution and greatly expands upon it. It's pretty much everything you could ever hope for in a Hitman franchise game, albeit the DRM and arguably the fact that it's episodic.The Paris level is large, interesting, and provides thousands of ways to replay it. The challenges allow you to try to approach the mission in completely new ways and the sheer diversity of the level is enough to keep my interest throughout multiple playthroughs. The more you get to know the level the better you get at breaking it and finding interesting ways to complete it. In the game FTL you're pretty much replaying the same thing over and over yet it's the diversity of how you can play it that makes the game interesting. So why all the hate for Hitman?As for the DRM it's really not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. I don't care for it but I've only been disconnected twice in 24 hours of gameplay and the game autosaves fairly frequently. The new model of gameplay encourages you to save the game at vital points anyway so what's the big deal?As for it being episodic I really don't care. I'm a little bit disappointed but it does allow me to focus on playing one level at a time and getting the most out of it. When I get bored I'll just play something else. I am optomistic that it will give more time to the devs to make the game the best it can be. Many developers abandon games after they release them and it's nice to know that we get pretty much weekly content to keep us playing. I definitely can't fault people that feel differently."
76561198095904678,Not Recommended,236870,26076553,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HunterVee,"Cannot reccomend.We were ALL lied to, 7 episodes turned to 6... why?Monthly releases did not follow, why?The monthly releases being stalled months at a time was a slap to the face as is, but now 7 episodes turned to 6 magically and they think no one noticed? screw that, i purchased under the FALSE advertisment of 7 episodes.This is basically fraud.And no, the ""bonus"" summer episodes, which are boring and lazy because they take place in already existing locations and they last about 7-12 minutes each (at best) do not count to me as elusive number 7.This is flat out fraud, and scamming of the client, and steam itself should take actions because under its OWN platform it was advertised 7 episodes, now turned 6.Do not buy, its a fun 20$ game, yes, thats its worth for its actual content, 20$ at best.Last Hitman game i will pay for."
,Recommended,236870,21900641,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,StankyChicken,"The game is a vast improvement to Absolution in just one ""Level"" it delievers on every aspect you could imagine for a hitman game. It's finally going back to the true roots that the game was orignally sought out to be, however there are some things that draw attention to the game that are not quite well thought out. Now the episodic nature of the game isn't a bad idea, I just feel the content we're getting for each release is not quite enough. One level per month is quite lazy now if it were 2 levels or so per month, no problem. In the games defence paris is the largest level in a hitman game ever made. It at first glance seems quite linear but it is a true sandbox."
,Not Recommended,236870,21812026,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Phantorok,"There is a severe issue with screen tearing in this game. Even with vertical sync on, the screen tearing is present and it is very annoying. I have a very powerful laptop - MSI GS60 Ghost Pro, with Intel i7 and Nvidia GTX970M. I am so disappointed with this problem. I have tried to update Nvidia drivers, but the problem still persists. This situation is unacceptable, so I requested a refund."
76561198042344939,Recommended,236870,21897022,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kyle,"The game definitely has that Blood Money feel but on a larger scale. I miss weapon customization though. Gameplay is definitely fun. You can turn off the extra stuff like seeing through walls and hints if you wish through the game settings.Please, for the love of your fans, add in an extra key that makes you walk the same speed as the NPCs! (For keyboard)Fix these online connectivity issues! I was playing fine until the game kicked me off because the HITMAN servers decided to stop working without notice! Been trying to log back into the game here and there for about an hour with no luck!Optimization/performance on the game runs pretty smooth on an i5 4670k @3.4ghz with a GTX 780 at a mix of medium to high settings. I basically just let the game choose the graphics settings for me and started playing without changing anything, other than raising my shadow definition to high.if they can just fix these things I mentioned, the game would be the HITMAN game we've all been waiting for since Blood Money."
76561197972321985,Recommended,236870,21890323,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tristou,"Hello there!Woaw, this game is back to the roots of the license, and it feel sweet after the disapointing Hitman : absolution (you know the corridor one).So far we only have 2 tutorials mission who are very... boring? And the Sanguine show (level in Paris), and damn this level is good...You have all  you want to see in a hitman game (at least from a hitman hardcore fan perspective):The map is huge, like huge huge, bigger than bloodmoney or Silent Assassin and it's  very detailed. All the room has his purpose, very well designed.Lot, lot and lot of ways to kill your targets.The general mood of the ""sanguine show"" is tremendously good. it's the classy/rich yet disgusting vibe of the high society we like to see when you are in the 47 suit and your job is killing people.Game Mechanics are very classical, but effective.But, and there is a but :You need to be online to play the game, and it's a very big letdown, who wants that kind of thing? if it's a DRM thing, it's not preventing anything, and it bother legal user more than anything.IA seems kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on specific things...The Episodic thing, come on square enix, we know it's your decision since you  editing the game, but come on, this kind of model works on heavily narrated game like Life Is Strange, but it's not the case with hitman, and it really grinds my gear and thousand of other consumers.(Some users seems experiencing some performance issues, it's not my case i have a i7 3770K / 16 go ram / and a gtx 970go and it's smooth, sure i can't supersampling and my shadow quality is set on medium, but all the rest is maxed out and i'm at avg 74 fps.)In conclusion, i think  we have a very good game and a very good Hitman here. If you like the license or if you are a fan but hesitate to buy the game, you can go peacefully, at least pay the prologue to see how it's good. Sure the game from what we saw has some defaults, but it's still a very good Hitman!But i must warn you, if you don't like all the episodic model just wait till the end of the year.Hope my review is helpfull, have a great game, or not.  ;)"
,Not Recommended,236870,23840201,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MagicMethod,"Online-only DRM (wtf?) aside... this game just fell flat. It looks nice graphically (not great, not bad) but just about everything else is average. And average would be ok if the gunplay and movement weren't so absolutely horrible. It was so intolerable that I just uninstalled after a couple hours.Your character feels like a wooden plank with legs. There's no fluidity in the character's movement; definitely doesn't feel like a well trained assassin. Transitioning between states either feels unnaturally abrupt or takes way too long.Blood Money was a masterpiece IMO. This game is nowhere near it. If you're a huge fan of the franchise and MUST try it out... just buy the intro pack first."
76561198015589318,Not Recommended,236870,21813073,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Timmiiii,"Well, there is a few technical bugs, which I can live with. All games have that, and they are usually overcome within the first patch. I managed to run the game in ultra resolution with no issues at all.However, I cannot recommended this game for one reason and one reason only.Two tutorials and ONE mission? Yes, ONE mission. Now, som say that it is my I own fault for not keeping up with the latest news regarding this game, as I just bought this game as all the prequels gave me hours of fun.There has been alot of complaints about SE servers being crap, and you have to be online all the time, I personally have not had any issues. My only issue is with this idiotic business model, where you release a new chapter every 30 days. I cannot see how on earth I am suppose to spend 30 days playing ONE single mission.In short: Do.Not.Buy.This.Game . . Unless its on Steam sale with 50% offYou´ll thank me later"
76561198008272653,Not Recommended,236870,29825168,Posted: 10 February,all,bani,Because of the always on constraint I can't recommend that game. It's the second time I'm not able to connect to the game.
,Recommended,236870,23626027,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jibby,LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,236870,21864917,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Harekelas,"Despite the poor frame rate and occasional disconnecting from server, the game has a great quality. You can finish a contract quickly but there is much more contents for you to discover. And the challenge panel gives a clear sight of things you still need to try.About the frame and server issue, I believe the developers are working on them now and may release a patch about them soon or later. So I recommand this game in long terms but for now, think twice if you don't have a high-end PC either a fluent network."
76561197993994557,Recommended,236870,21797883,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mazetar,"The game is awesome!Runs like a charm and the first level released is big and filled with options.Next mission is released in april which should give me time to 100% complete the first level and to understand how the AI works.One major tip:Disable or set Opportunities to LOW.Else you get a lot of information popping up about everything ruining the hitman experience.I play with it disabled myself but some will prefer having it to low in order to at least get some hints as to what can happen, try the differences out on one of the training maps and decide which one to use before you explore the paris mission."
,Not Recommended,236870,21776469,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,5 ping,"I wanted to reccomend this game and i wanted to like the game i really did...., also i have to say i usual never complain in reviews about performance and etc, but this game is sadly way WAY to buggy and unoptimzed. My game froze within 5 minutes into the first mission. Oh and the dx12 does NOT work.I HATE the fact that you have to be ONLINE to get all the features, personaly i don't mind the episodic playstyle...  I hope they fix this massive issues fast, this game is pretty much unplayable for most people at the moment.. I have already spoken with 10 of my friends who have the same issue with this game, and keep in mind those 10 have complete different pc specs so this is the games fault, not our. On the first mission i got 90 fps at peak which is riddiculous, i have two titan x's, i get for example in TC The Division over 180++ fps with max settings, so SE needs to fix this game."
76561198016039813,Recommended,236870,21798271,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Gooby,"HOW TO PLAY HITMAN1 - Wait 24 hours after launch, server connectivity issues no longer a problem after 12 year old vloggers make their unboxing, tutorial, walkthrough, let's play, and review videos, then promply return to their medal of duty: hardlines playing and never pick up this game again2 - Run the Benchmark, if your card can't run it smoothely at max settings, turn the settings to ""MEDIUM"" <-- important step sometimes people forget how PC gaming works especially if you're coming from a console3 - Launch the game.4 - Before starting the tutorial, go to the gameplay settings and turn off all the in-game help and assists. You don't need them, seriously. Figuring stuff out on your own is kind of the point of the game.5 - Now play the first episode of the best hitman game ever made.6 - Cross your fingers that future episodes will be at least as good.There. It's not as hard as these other reviews make it seem.Goodluck 47"
,Recommended,236870,21885330,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,airmaverick,"The actual gameplay is fantastic and in my opinion the best Hitman to date. To finish the content on 1st run through took me less than 3 hours. I have currently put in over 22 hours in completing all of the challenges, contracts and achievements and have enjoyed exploring all of the minute details of the Paris level. I think I have about 2 hours left to 100% the content and will then be waiting for the Elusive targets and subsequent DLC.Episodic release was very clear before I purchased and whilst I am now hungry for more content, I would not have gone and explored the level this thoroughly had I had access to the full game. The idea of receiving a location and getting to master it before moving on is starting to appeal to me.Complaints about network issues were mostly resolved after the 1st day and are typical of all online games. It should be noted that offline play is possible, however it is with limited functionality.Playing on Low settings on my gaming rig is not of concern, but rather the start the inevitable need to upgrade at some point.  However, I expect this will be optimised through both upcoming patches and driver updates.Pros:Improved disguise mechanicExcellent variety in assassination optionsOpportunity system provides great support for Hitman noobsContract mode allows for creation of custom kills and adds replay valueExcellent mastery system, where additional spawn points and weapons unlock as you complete challenges on each mission.Enjoying the challenge of Escalation ModeCons:If episodic release is not your thing, come back and purchase in 6 monthsCheck your hardware requirements before purchaseLeader boards are ruined with a giant list of perfect 210,000 scoresNo easy way to see your current level score or position on the leader boardNo easy way to find or share friends high scores or Contract Missions"
,Not Recommended,236870,21776635,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Midget,Bought the full $60 game. By the looks of it there are only 2 levels outside of the tutorial level and it's asking me to buy them again. No thanks =/
76561198023585898,Not Recommended,236870,24727775,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sild,Buy the ''Full Experience''... receive the alpha experience
76561198007268947,Not Recommended,236870,24738640,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Reesiekups,"**BUY WHEN FULLY RELEASED**The Hitman series is by far, my favorite video game series ever. Period. Which is why it hurts so badly to not be able to reccomend this game to you. It's really sad because they finally came back to the roots of Blood Money. I can ALMOST forgive the DRM, it IS 2016 and most countries have 24 hour wifi but what I can't forgive is this greedy trend of episodic gaming. It just DOESN'T work and DOESN'T belong in this series. The reason why I've had fun so far is because I bought the game when very late and there was the first 3 ""levels"" ready to go but after beating them over and over I'm still waiting for the 4th.EPISODIC GAMING DOES NOT WORK! At least not for my beloved Hitman series. Please, don't be an idiot fanboy like me who just ""needed"" to pay full price and play. PLEASE, please wait for the full game to be available and send a message that we as gamers are not going to stand by and allow this to be the norm in gaming.6/10"
76561198060904713,Recommended,236870,32610857,Posted: 20 June,all,a madman with a box,hi™an
76561198031572060,Not Recommended,236870,22878700,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),LOL this game is horribly optimized even for high end systems. Fk you Edios. Done with you and the Hitman series. Been a loyal player since Hitman Codename 47 on PC but this is the final straw.  THANK GOD FOR THE STEAM REFUND SYSTEM.
76561197993771860,Recommended,236870,21969523,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Rosencrants,"Really enjoying it, no problems for me.Edit. Still no problems here. really enjoying it still, Elusive targets have proven as entertaining as i'd hoped though less frequent than i expected.(From early announcements i thought they'd be daily and more generic but the way they've done it they actually mix the maps up a bit and use unqieu skins/models/etc)Ignore all the down votes due to ""episodic"" content. They think they lost out on something due to semantics, not due to actual loss."
,Not Recommended,236870,29978224,Posted: 16 February,all,vai @ dota-pro.com,"Compared to Hitman: Absolution this game is purely trash. Everything feels clunky and unfinished. Animations stutter, etc. I don't even think that Hitman: Absolution was great, but it was much more fun. The only thing I hated was that your disguise is always blown for illogical reasons or you have to waste your instinct energy to avoid that (but only on easy difficulty). I don't know what's so wrong about looking at Blood Money or Hitman 2 and develop the new Hitman after those games. Everyone loved those. At least the graphics are pretty decent."
,Recommended,236870,21788878,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SteveTheBlack,"Three mission in this first release, all of them packed with ways and means to assassinate your target. Almost complete freedom, especially compared to Absolution.With all these choices, I drowned two of the four targets in toilets full of their own vomit.Game of the year."
,Recommended,236870,21885121,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Umbra,"I have had no issues with playing it yet, although it isn't a massive leap ahead of the other hitman games yet, the levels have a lot of replayabaility. A lot more than previous games.Missing difficulty system may make the game to easy for some, guides can make the game a bit too easy too.There are too many different things to list so ill say this, the game is much much better than previous hitman games for gameplay. Everything is really smooth, quick, perfect, controls are great just everything.and graphics are a step in the right direction but nothing thats eye catching (I play on absolute max in 4K on my 980ti).It is worse for th episodic nature, lack of difficulty, and the month by month release.Again, ill say it, ive had NO ISSUES WITH THE ONLINE, i can see why others might have but it doesnt take long to connect to the server and there is an offline mode regardless.Final verdict is that it is worth it for now, and im sure it will only get better. Buy the intro pack if you want to test it out without commiting, its definitely worth the money.EDIT: funnily enough, as of loading up the game after the review, i had a little bit of a hiccup getting online. I though i should note this, even if it only set me back a couple of seconds."
,Recommended,236870,21801297,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Lehike,"There are a lot of mixed opinions about the new Hitman, but what we get for the price is pretty decent.I dont think episodic is the best way to continue the Hitman series but I have to admit forces players to go through levels in a much higher details and try much more approaches then normaly you would bother from earlier games.GameplayPretty much  the good old 47s gameplay, wakky accidents, and skillfull takedowns. Looks like they took the best of blood money and Absolution. WIth two smaller training level and one huge level there are plenty of oportunities and approaches for your assassinations. Using disquises doesnt make you blend in with everyone and some some strategically placed NPCs make you take alternative approaches.There a feature where the game shows you the best opporunities for the assassinations, but you have to do some exploring for them first and it can be disabled altogether in the menu if you think its to much handholding.GraphicsLooks great with a lot of detail but AA is not the best. but really good lightingIts an AMD game and runs much better on AMD. Even though DX12 can cause some small graphical glitches and crashes for me on a specific location, improves Framerate a lot and makes it run just smoother, I noticed less stutturing especially in heavily populated rooms.StoryStarts with 47s recruitment and later jumps forward after the events of the earlier games.Starts interesting but not much revealed about the story yet.The more interesting story elements are around the NPC, a lot of NPCs have their own little story and personality, they help you a lot in finding oppotunities and guiding the player towards the target. Also they give a much deeper meaning and give a lot of context about the mission you are doing."
,Recommended,236870,21884611,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Jack.BAUER,"I don't typically write reviews - but this game is so right up my alley that I simply had to contribute to outweigh the negative reviews.The new Hitman game is a work of art. I've played every single Hitman game, with Hitman: Blood Money being one of my absolute favorites of the genre. The level of sandboxing in that game was beyond anything previously seen. This, in turn, left me rather unhappy to see Hitman Absolution which was extremely linear and not at all a true Hitman game.Hitman (2016?) continues the trend of Blood Money. There are tons of different ways around every single obstacle. It's beautifully sandboxy, and the mapping has so far been excellent.People seem to complain about there only being two real maps released at this point (with only one of them being a non-training map). I find this curious, considering that I've spent close to 20 hours on that single map so far without getting tired of it. I completed Absolution in less.I don't know how much people expect to get out of the €12.99 that you currently need to pay for the currently available material - but if you're anything like me, you'll know that 20 hours of gameplay (and counting) is way more than you should expect. I sprung for the full experience, and can't wait for new maps to become available. I'm having an absolute blast!As for graphics/performance, I have not had any issues. The graphics (much in fact due to me not being able to run the game at High Texture settings) are still perfectly fine, and I have not had any issues with lag. Your mileage may vary of course - know that the game does require ample amounts of RAM to run well, and close to 6GB of VRAM to allow higher texture settings."
,Recommended,236870,21838294,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kvasnikov,My thoughs about the game in its release state:+ Feels like Blood Money:Large levels full of life (and death) to exploreTons of different ways to kill your targets (and unlucky bystanders)+ Contracts mode+ Achievements for achievement hunters- Hardware demanding or poorly optimized- Episodic; tutorial and only one mission on release moment- Online connection required- Where's my Silverballers?Overall experience was decent and after the story mode is complete this is going to be a great game.
,Recommended,236870,24460207,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,raZe,"The Hitman games were always unique in the sense that they basically created their own subgenre. Where other stealth games expected you to remain unseen while carrying out your mission, Hitman games dropped you off in a neutral environment and demanded that you blend in with the crowd - hiding in plain sight, if you will. Assassinating a target was always the ultimate goal, but Hitman encouraged the player to fulfill this task as quietly and clean as possible while the environment provided several ways of getting close: Spiking the target's food with laxatives to seperate it from armed bodyguards, assuming the identity of an informant or simply using a sniper rifle from afar are only a few of the possibilities to tackle a single mission. Hitman games are notorious for their replayability.Despite the vicious deeds the player is supposed to perform, the games were not without their own brand of black humor: You could drop a piano on your target like in a classic Roadrunner cartoon, or you could switch a fake gun for a real one and turn the pretend murder during a rehearsal of a stage play into an actual one without pulling the trigger yourself. There was also the main character’s habit of introducing himself as “Tobias Rieper”. Additionally, the games displayed a touch of class, which was reflected in the locations the player visited or even in the way the main character dressed.In the past, Hitman: Blood Money perfected this formula and is widely regarded as the peak of the series. It was released in 2006 and the 2012 sequel, Hitman Absolution, was supposed to follow up on it, but fell short for several reasons: It was loud, it was vulgar and it offered only a fraction of the options usually found in a Hitman game. IO Interactive took the criticism to heart and promised to do better. And they succeeded for the most part.Interesting level design has always been the main draw of the series and in that regard, the new Hitman truly is a return to form. The levels released so far are massive and offer so many ways of getting the job done, it will make your head spin. Just in terms of size alone they’re bigger than anything Blood Money offered.Disguises were a key element of previous Hitman games and one of Absolution's gravest mistakes was devaluing them. If you disguised as a cop, somehow every other cop in the area instantly knew you didn’t belong and it required hitmana to weasel your way past every single one of them. Even though there are hints of this system still present in the latest Hitman, it’s nowhere near as rigid or illogical: Only a few non-player characters in strategic places will get suspicious if you approach them.There’s a small online portion, too. Like in Absolution, Hitman players are able to create custom contracts with specified targets, victory conditions, leaderboards and everything. While Hitman games are notorious for their replayability, IO Interactive tries a new spin on the established formula: Every other week, there will be a an Elusive Target roaming the levels - a unique target that is only available for a short amount of time. If the timer runs out or if the player dies while carrying out the mission, the target is gone for good. No saves and no second chances. This approach heightens the tension in theory, but in reality it’s not as harsh as advertized. You can retry one Elusive Target as often as you want, as long as you are still in the time frame for completion and you haven’t killed the target or haven’t been killed yourself. Also, it’s quite obvious not the same amount of care went into the Elusive Targets as it did for the main missions. A nice idea, but certainly not a game seller.Apart from a few optimization issues and a couple of logical inconsistencies, everything about the actual game is peaches and gravy. However, some of the decisions surrounding it sour the taste - most notably the business model and “encouraged” online.When you think about it, mission-based games like Hitman are perfect for expansions, DLC and post-release support, yet none of the previous ones really approached the idea. Until now. However, the way this game realized the idea couldn’t be more awkward. Essentially, Hitman is an episodic game that drip-feeds the player a level each month until the number of promised levels is complete. Games like The Walking Dead have proven that an episodic model isn’t inherently bad and even Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - a game that isn’t story-driven - managed to make it work somehow. Though the main difference is that REv2 only made you wait for two weeks until a new episode would be released. Making the player wait an entire month between episodes for a mission-based game is not something you want to do as a developer. Hitman’s release model has an interesting side effect, though: Previously, you would reinstall a Hitman game after months and replay it to try out new approaches. While waiting for new levels to drop, you have few other things to do but replay existing levels and tackle them in different ways. The current release model ensures you undertake those future replays now.The other main problem of Hitman is its “encouraged” online. Technically, it’s not forced online since the game remains playable even when you’re offline, but it locks you out of many options that enhance replayability. Completing different challenges as you replay a level unlocks equipment and starting positions that keep each new attempt fresh. Unfortunately, challenges are only available online. Same goes for user contracts and Elusive Targets. Plus, savegames for offline and online playthroughs are not compatible with each other. If you lose connection while playing or you get booted from the server, you won’t be able to resume where you left off.While the servers are stable for me, my main concern with this approach is preservation. Let’s say I get the urge to play Hitman in three years, but the devs have pulled the plug on the servers in the meantime. Sure, the game would remain playable as the levels provide plenty opportunities to turn your target’s switch to “off”, but many many interesting approaches would be lost forever. Here’s hoping IO Interactive rethinks this decision.So if you're a fan of Hitman and Absolution left a lot to be desired, you might be pleased with this one. Yet some of the decisions regarding distribution will make you scratch your head. Also, as high-quality as the levels are that have been released at the time of writing, there's still some room for the developers to drop the ball."
,Recommended,236870,25102083,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,newdarkcloud,Better than Blood Money
76561198026989478,Recommended,236870,21776129,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SneakyBastard94,They werent kidding about the map size its huge :D
76561198125077457,Not Recommended,236870,21777562,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ТВОЙ ПЬЯНЫЙ БАТЯ,"Awfull, how can you put for a sale such glitching game.While playing, cant select high quality of txtures because the area with high quality is just greyed. While playing, game just stops and I have to quit, otherwise I can do nothing. The only thing I can do now is waiting for updates. But now, it is wafull!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21809571,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Doucheberg,So far i am pretty damn angry because i got the FULL EXPERIENCE without reading any reviews or anything first cuz ithought this game would be AWESOME i was so excited until i finish that paris map and the POOPOO servers TURNED OFF. So i retried and retried and i was annoyed so i turned it off and went to bed. The next day i was left with some lame contracts on 2 same maps. The paris one and the soviet spy training map. So i replayed the maps in boredom. Wanting to play something new i was waiting for the game to update so i can get more story mode maps. and this is where i am right now. Thinking about returning the game for its little content. so much for a full ♥♥♥♥ing experience. I DIDNT HAVE MUCH TECHNICAL PROBLEMS BUT OTHER PEOPLE ARE COMPLAINING A LOT SO YOU MIGHT HAVE THEM TOO. I ONLY GET MASSIVE LAGSPIKES EVERY 10 MINS BUT NOTHING ELSE. OH AND FPS DROPS LIKE WTF SQUARE ENIX. I AM THINKING OF REFUNDING AND BUYING THE DIVISION. BTW THIS IS NOTHING LIKE BLOOD MONEY!I just heard that there are 5 other episodes and they will be avalible each at a time but i am very impatient for possibly DLC you have to pay for(hopefully not) and ya. I AM GIVING THIS GAME 5 DAYS
,Recommended,236870,21885932,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ali,"The Review:This game, although has some flaws which needs to get fixed asap, is alot of fun to play and experiment with. Being a die hard hitman fan and having played all the game of the series, this reboot of hitman serious combines all that is good about the series and now you are kinda forced to assassinate the target in every possible way which is actually good. You get to apperciate what the deveolpers have taken time developing this by playing the missions over and over again.The Issues:framerate often is a bother but i hope itl be fixed in the upcoming updates. right now the game is running between 25-30 fps.Do not play offline ever cuz it will not count in the in game challanges, as completing them is kind of the point of the game.Just ignore the cry babies as theyl whine anyway.Hoep this review helpedHave Fun!!!"
76561197970369393,Not Recommended,236870,24960099,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ænima,"just cant say how much i have loved all other hitman games... But i hate this game with a vengeance. It just does not ever grab you like the others, perhaps beacause you have to wait so long for a new level you just find better stuff to play. The game gets lost you suddenly remeber its in your library, you never get the chance of a session where you cant put it down  and in the end you just cant be bothered . A word of advice to the developers DONT DO THIS AGAIN or you will not sell anything"
76561198095526989,Not Recommended,236870,22170881,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Brian O'Connor,Terrible waste of money
,Not Recommended,236870,33669588,Posted: 20 July,all,Angel_Mapper,Unable to load MENUS when it frequently loses connection to the Hitman server. I don't know who's bright idea that was. Always-online single player games need to die a painful death.
,Not Recommended,236870,22166892,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,boomboom,"DO NOT BOTHERThis game was advertised as being complete and released on the 11th March.  It was advertised as an open world, the ""World of Assassination"" as it were.  Not so much.  I had Hitman:Sniper on my tablet, which was OK while I played, a bit repetitive and limited but hey whatever.  This feels pretty much that game in PC form, only much more expensive and less fun.Why oh why do games developers do this?  Ruining a perfectly good franchise is not only ugly, it's downright evil and loyal fans and new potential fans get put off altogether.  I experienced this with Tomb Raider, as a seasoned Raider player; now as a first time Hitman player I'm disgusted with the entire franchise.My son owns Blood Money, which I bought for him on my account, but never played myself.  I mentioned that I have the tablet Hitman:Sniper game, which was fun if not overly repetitive.  This is my first real Hitman game... I was looking forward to it based on what I'd seen.  Holy cow was I in for a disappointment.  Why?  The amount of content provided for the money is extremely poor.  I went off and paid for the game, thinking ""I'll enjoy it""... and then found out that ""ah, well, see, we didn't bother finishing the game; you'll have to wait 6 months or more to get the 'episodes'.""Gameplay, for what actually works, is easily a 9/10Visual interaction, easily 8/10Even the layout of the world seems to be a solid 8/10Value for money however is at best 1/10Replayability struggles to get 2/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,21773288,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AFatalFlaw,So i've completed the first real mission outside of the tutorial and now have to wait a month until the next 'Episode'. What a crock of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,236870,21880569,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ch'urr,"Excellent game, big redemption from Absolution. Blood Money on steroids. Episodic format sucks, but loving the game. Did not disappoint."
76561197967800331,Not Recommended,236870,21778729,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TrojanKilla,"The game has glitches and I cannot give it a good review for the following reasons:-Servers down day one-Poor optimization for NVIDIA cards, running 980 TI in sli at 3440x1440-Unstable with DX 12 currently-Severe framerate issues in certain areas-Limited content with episodic releaseGameplay Review (based on all current availible content):So I have completed all challenges as well as played the sponsored escalation and several community contracts.  Thus the review is validOverall, gameplay is good, much better than absolution.  There are many ways to complete the mission.  However, after a few runs the levels become somewhat grindy milking out all the different challenges.  I would have much prefered 3 or 4 levels with 2-3 routes/solutions rather than 1 level with 12 different execution options.  Why you may ask?   Because after the 3rd or 4th time I'm waiting in hiding and hearing the same NPC conversation repatedly.  It gets mind numbing with trial and error gameplay.The best analogy is the game experience is akin to rewatching a directors cut of a good short film.  The first run is fun.  You then watch it with the deleted scence and thats fun too.  You then watch with the directors commentary and thats cool as well.  You then are forced to  replay it 10 more times to see all the content and it gets stale, old and boring by the time your finished.Overall, Rating: 7/10, good game, good gameplay, wait for full release when bugs are gone and there is more content, could move to positive review but not in current state"
76561198042627334,Not Recommended,236870,31594702,Posted: 6 May,all,NOOBKIA,Cant play when offline ! F*ck YOU  developers! F*CK YOU!
,Not Recommended,236870,24814902,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Snorkel Bandit,"Awful pricing structure, I can't access the bonus missions because I bought the game one episode at a time."
,Not Recommended,236870,31097899,Posted: 12 April,all,Trevor,How to play Hitman 2016.1.Buy Hitman 2016.2.Install hitman 20163.Recieve the servers are down error4.Delete hitman 20165.Buy hitman absolution/blood money6.Install Hitman absolution/blood money7.Play Hitman absolution/blood money8.Enjoy!
,Not Recommended,236870,21778452,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Yoba Deluxe,E N T E R  A  W O R L D  O F  A S S
,Recommended,236870,21882246,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,SlayerNebula,"Honestly this game wouldn't have the depth it does without it not being episodic. It gives you time to do everything and get every achievement so that you can explore, discover, and finish every possible way of completing the level.Despite the always online DRM, and random bugs, this game is a solid 9/10.Oh yeah and the people that think Denuvo™ is DRM. Well you're right....But that doesn't mean Square Enix doesn't have the right to protect their intellectual property of which IO Interactive respectively owns from being stolen from them. Over all this game is probably a close second best HITMAN™ game in the series if not the best experience. This game is truly a gem. Too bad it is being misinteprated for what it really is and what the average person playing should know about the game.My verdict is a SOLID 9/10 because this game has so much replayability and so much more gameplay then the 'average' sandbox. I totally recommend this game if you like to learn from your mistakes and figure out what to do.This game is super rewarding especially if you turn off gameplay mechanics that make it easier so that it is much harder.Making it worth doing something hard because it feels so good to beat something you may be stuck on for hours and hours.Episode VerdictEpisode 1 Score:[9/10]To be continued..."
76561198002589014,Recommended,236870,21773842,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,1. Runs great on my system!- Windows 10- i7 6700K- GTX 980Ti- 16GB Ram2. It plays brilliantly!3. 10/104. Nothing further to add...
76561197965586252,Recommended,236870,21788035,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Octobastard,I really like this first episode. It's massive and has loads of replay value. I haven't encountered any of the technical issues others are reporting and I don't have a particularly powerful rig.
76561197969067252,Not Recommended,236870,33032949,Posted: 30 June,all,[v2]Hiv3,"Finished the 6 episodes in less than 10h. Very easy, even without on-screen tips.This game is not worth the price, unless you want to replay each mission hundred of times to unlock every challenges.Story : bad, short.10s delay to start the game on an heavy rig because the game calls home to allow you to play it.=>CPU idle, GPU idle, SSD idle, network loaded....Online single player.Crash frenquently. I can crash Hitman on command, just start youtube in background... nice work !Send 10MB obscure reports after everycrash. nice privacy"
,Not Recommended,236870,23127022,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AT286,Congratulations IO Interactive and Square.You could do what no one could before. You killed agent 47. Bravo!
,Recommended,236870,29544628,Posted: 28 January,all,Protector,"NoteIf you saw ""User reviews: Mixed"" and asked yourself: What is bad in this game?, I'll answer you. It is not problem in the game, but some Steam gamers that cannot enjoy great games and they nitpick about everything. ""For this game you need to be Online."" Boo-♥♥♥♥ing-hoo. And that is the reason to give this game a thumbs down? To be honest, this game belongs to ""Very Positive"" and even ""Overwhelmingly Positive"".ReviewBeatufiul and huge open levels, huge amount of challenges to complete, a ton of replayability, new content updates. People were maybe confused by the whole episode thing, but now that the game is fully out it is really a shame not to play it.Recommended!"
,Recommended,236870,21875771,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Souflyte,"No matter what people say, if you actually complete challenges and replay missions and such, being episodic isn`t that big of a deal. This hitman is closer to blood money than absolution was. The point system was removed. Great game"
76561197963315984,Recommended,236870,21871659,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ben!to,"Fantastic Game, no ""tunneld"" Missions, like in the previouse Title - feels more oldscool.Graphic and Sound ist good aswell, sometimes Fps fall down to 30-40 sadly, needs some optimisation.Missions have a high replayability because you have lots of ways to kill your targets.Its a bummer there is just a Toturial and  _ONE_ Mission so far, i have a strange feeling they will  just add 3-4 additional Missions... hope im wrong there.Overall, I thinks this ""Episode"" Release system is a really really bad idea, just take one more year in development and release the Full Game.Its a good Game for fans, if your not a Hitman Fan and new to the genre, skip this title and buy the Fullgame in 12 Month."
,Recommended,236870,21787184,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Intelligence,"Awesome game, it's got me hooked just like the other pre-Absolution Hitman games. All the negative reviews seem to be based on the fact there computer has issues running the game or because of the online aspect for challenges.The game itself is amazing, you don't need challenges. This is essentially Blood Money 2 if you turn Instinct off in the settings. People need to stop moaning."
76561198063871398,Recommended,236870,21878544,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,3QW7EN,"Currently this game has bugs, glitches and performance problems for quite many people, always online system that breaks your game and kicks you to the main menu is awful, proximity trigger system often leaves me with some very mixed feelings but nonetheless this is a very good Hitman game and if you like the game where you can spend dozens of hours learning your environment to develop the most effective masterpiece of an assassination technique then this game is for you."
76561198029898506,Recommended,236870,21868532,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[GC]Ted Striker,"+ no fps problem in my case (NVIDIA)+ great gameplay, like in the good old times...+ large playgroundI guess the decision to publish it in episodes is more financial/development based. However, in my case It forces me to focus on the individual  level, i.e. seeing all the details, try out new methods, etc. instead of rushing through each level... But i understand why a lot of players do not like the idea at all.I hope the game will be delivered with future DLC's once the full game is released."
76561197978040169,Recommended,236870,21867413,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,DeathMetalFatality,"Yes the release format sucks, but once you get over that, it's pretty much the game we've all been asking for.It has the potential to be best the best one yet.Hope the developers add some of the classic levels later on... ;)"
,Recommended,236870,21877186,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Katarn,"First in case you haven't noticed, this game is being released in episodes throughout the year. There's 3 training levels and 1 main level out currently. If you're not a completionist then I can't recommend this for you. Out of the small amount of content that is currently available I've gotten 19 hours of play out of it which is more than most full campaigns I've ran through. The Paris level that is currently available is a fairly large place to explore. I also turned off the hints to get more playtime out of it. I think the graphics look fairly good and they certainly put detail into the setting. There are plenty of ways to kill the targets that you'd expect from a Hitman game.The game requires an internet connection to access all of the features and if you lose connection during a session you'll be booted the the main menu. I've only had this happen once. Otherwise the game runs extremely smooth for me.I already like this installment more than Absolution and if you don't mind waiting on levels to be released throughout the year then I recommend the game.Edit 1: The Sapienza map got released along with bug fixes. The game runs even better now and the second level is massive to explore. The newest level also brings new items to loadout with. I also like that when you unlock the new items you can use them on the old level.CPU - i7-4790KGPU - GTX98032GB RAMWindows 10 OS"
76561198043818144,Recommended,236870,21878088,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,chucko2010,I wish I would of read before I bought but oh stuff happens. Great game will be buying the upgrade to continue the story.
,Recommended,236870,21871709,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,D.,Trash-talk-moron-community must be eradicated!!!THIS GAME IS WORTH THE WAIT AND THE COST IT TAKES TO BE FINISHED!!!
,Recommended,236870,21848279,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,nfshrk™ ( gone busy 360 days ),"The new HITMAN lives up to the legacy of the original games specialy the Blood money and redeems the series from the lows of Hitman : Absolution by taking the series to new heights . There are so many ways to take on this single mission, part of the fun will be seeing other players’ creative ways that they assassinate the targets. If you’ve ever wanted to play the part of a super agent in a large sandbox, this is as good as it gets . Gameplay brings back memories of older Hitman titles, while new ideas such as the excellent Escalation mode keep things fresh.PROS +* Same hitman gameplay which we always want* Great detail and amazing graphics* Lot of freedom to play a mission in diffrent ways* Episode 1 PARIS map is huge and lot of ways to explore* Game mechanics are so cool* NPC AI is really good* we will get a  huge support from the DEVSbecause of the season based content releaseCONS -* Online DRM is terible wont able to play it offline* Need to improve loading times* Game need more Optimization* Constantly disconnects from SE servers* Fps drops in some areas* No story which we can sayI belive SE and IO interactive can fix these online and technical issues asap . So in comming months we can see this game evolve to a great HITMAN game . ( This is my impression for episode 1 , I will update my review on the coming episodes )"
,Recommended,236870,21802418,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Adam,"This game has plenty of content for the intro pack, and its classic hitman blood money style. The amount of things you can do is overwhelming(in a good way) and i highly recoment people to buy the intro pack for now"
,Recommended,236870,27452944,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coldhand,"*********************************This is not the final review!*********************************This Hitman entry is a return to the old school hitman games, while playing with most of the HUD elements disabled I felt this nostalgia of the year 2005, when it was the era of the old school games whom didn't feel to hold your hands.I have almost 4 hours in and I still haven't left the training area, every map has a lot of replayablity value due to the achievements and the many different challenges the DEV made for us to achieve, most of the challenges I've made required me to stalk my targets and know their routines, Once you accomplish that, you'll just have to chose how they'll die next.Gameplay wise, it's a solid 10/10 for me, although I do hate the always online requirement.********************************************************I'll update my review once I'm done with the game********************************************************"
,Recommended,236870,26704819,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Doctor Macintosh,"I love the hitman series,  I truly Truly do.I've played all of them and played them at least 3 times, if you're like me than you know that Absolution was GOD AWFUL, It was painful to play.This hitman is different, it still has some elements from Absolution but IO interactive took apart all the awful elements and made it more like ""blood money"" this game is fun, its exciting and maps are large and beautiful the game runs well on my computer and the fact that it is on sale really helps."
,Recommended,236870,26765816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bundes james,"is very nice, yes. needs a new season, fast"
76561197965142123,Recommended,236870,26703583,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,*Dog,"This review is not constructed as well as I would want. Will fix over time.Everyone seems to be heated about this installment. There are some valid criticisms, but at the end of the day, this is one of the most satisfying and fun stealth games to come out.It's nice to see HITMAN be as interesting in line with the atmosphere and gameplay with its predecessors. As big (if not bigger) The replayability factor is high and it never stops being fun completing all there is to do with each map. In regards to this, the Escalation and Elusive Target game modes are the real bread and butter of this game.While its unfortunate that this game revolves so heavily around being connected to the internet, but the idea of the evolving ""world of assassination"" is pulled off better than one would have hoped.Theres a lot to enjoy here. This game, alongside MGSV are shining examples of what stealth games can and should be.However, a couple of major faults for hardcore Hitman fans. Jesper Kyd's iconic soundtrack has been replaced by someone WAY WAY less talented and unattatched from the franchise. No foreign languages or even accents. THIS is borderline stupid considering a target you have to assassinate in a level, who is russian, will speak like a Los Angeles native in game with all the other NPC's, but as soon as you see them in a cutscene (which are done pretty well), they have it. This seems like a small knock on it, but its actually pretty big. This series has all been about exploring the criminal underbelly of countries around the world. The languages spoken by the guards and NPCs added a lot of flavor to the level and reminded you of the fact that ""I am Agent 47, and I am an international contract hitman working for high profile clients"". Thats unforunate, but honestly my only gripe."
,Recommended,236870,27062725,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sampah sushi,All I can say is; buy the game only if it is on sale
76561198088688673,Recommended,236870,26832496,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Donnn,Good game i r8 8/8
76561198047865464,Recommended,236870,26894561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☣♕༻ƵӠƦʘ༺♕☣,Best bald guy simulator 2016
76561198268617660,Recommended,236870,28156517,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,It's all so tiresome.,"Glad to see the Hitman series go back to what it used to be, and not whatever Absolution was supposed to be. Don't know about the episodic release, but the challenges are an actually fun way to pad out some content, and the graphics look nice. Also a bit unsure about the default keyboard bindings. A bit orthodox, especially the lack of a dedicated Map shortcut key, but atleast you can remap them, so it's no biggie. Welcome back, Agent 47."
,Recommended,236870,27538395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheSMG,"It's waaaaaaaaaaaaay better than Absolution.If you like Blood Money, you will definetly like this game as well."
,Recommended,236870,27762406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xtianoz,"Never really played a Hitman game, but had seen a few videos online for this one showing the diversity of approaches, so thought I'd give it a go. 30 or so hours later I am still only up to level 3 and have barely scratched the surface. The more you play the more nuances you find in each level and the more of a badass hitman you feel like when your elaborate plan plays out just according to keikaku.Always online issues haven't effected me but  sounds like it was a problem earlier. I just wish I had bough earlier so I could have experienced more of the one off events."
,Recommended,236870,27343147,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Silver Lining,"tl;dr The game is phenomenal, but you might take issue with some creative/company decisionsIt's important to know that the majority of negative reviews for this game are because of two things:1) This game has online DRM.2) This game has scheduled ""elusive targets"" side-missions that are time-gated (only available for a few days) and reward cosmetic suits. Note that these missions are essentially the same as user-made ""contracts"" would be, and don't offer meaningful content (or achievements). Just some flashy suits.Now, if either of those factors are an absolute deal-breaker for you - if you're adamant on never supporting online DRM, or are crazy about completion - then this game might not be for you. And I'm honestly very sorry you won't be experiencing this gem of a game.On the other hand, if you're like me and are only mildly concerned about both those issues, then I wholeheartedly recommend this game. The game itself is incredible, has in insane amount of content and replayability, and is no doubt worth what I paid for (30usd). At the end of the day, you must do your own research to determine it suits your needs, but know that in my opinion this is the most satisfying stealth game I've played in years."
,Recommended,236870,27594396,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unee,Ever assassinated someone with a toilet? Poison someone's cocktail? Send someone flying from a hydrolic platform for a movie set? No? This game is for you!
,Recommended,236870,26778204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klades,"This is a game where you hit a lot of mans, and some womans. Sometimes with fake arms.It's pretty good."
,Recommended,236870,27492679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Matt,Game of the Year 2016.
,Not Recommended,236870,27038742,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hoshou_Neko,"The game is pretty good, at least better than previous, but....There will be no positive review for DRM, this is just stupid."
,Recommended,236870,28160505,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,i–k,"The true successor to Hitman: Blood Money.I was on the fence when the devs announced that this Hitman game will be episodic, but after purchasing it I've come to realize that this was the best decision the devs ever made for a Hitman video game.Absolution is a good game but this is just an enormous leap! The quality of the design for each map, not sacrificing on any empty spaces--the atmosphere, it's really a class of it's own. Don't forget the graphics and performance too, I'm getting a stable 60 fps on High with dips to 40 on heavier areas like in Marrakesh and Sapienza (The Icon), all this using an i5-4590 and a RX 480. Yes, the game could be better optimized but it is not at the point of unplayable.The always online element is nothing major honestly. After all my playtime, I've only gotten two timeouts from their server which prompted me to either retry and sign in or go back to the main menu. Takes around a second or two for you to sign back in and continue playing. No issue there, besides it'll only log in once which is when you start up the game and hit [Enter], which also takes around a second. Don't see the issue with some people complaining about the always online.This is Hitman going back to its roots, and it's a major improvement over the story oriented Absolution. I'm a bit disappointed in the lack of missions/maps available in the game, especially when you compare it with the legendary Blood Money, but it's still a great game nonetheless. This is truly quality > quantity.Thanks ioi, looking forward to the second season!"
76561198062962965,Recommended,236870,27289276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rautis,"Finally, a proper Hitman(tm) Game since 2006.I agree the online DRM policy sucks, but i only had one minor issue within 18 hours. Don't be too afraid of that.It's Hitman all over again. Not as good as Blood Money, but beats the s**t out of Absolution. You have the freedom once again, without relying on too much stealthing. There seems to be many cool options, but the game will provide many situations were you just kill the target without too much of a hazzle, and i could not resist the opportunity most times. In many ways this is The Best Hitman game ever, but as a whole, it's not. Recommended when in sale."
,Not Recommended,236870,28348833,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bagel,"I rate this game badly not based on its business model or its always online annoyances. While those are gripes I have with the game, they do not ruin the overall experience. That was ruined from the get go by poor ai and buggy gameplay. It really is constantly breaking immersion. It's a shame because I thought that the maps were very well designed and looked rather great. However once you actually dive into play, it becomes apparent how shallow and how unprepared for creativity the game really is. An excellent example of this is going into an icecream shop on the sapienza mission. You stand there looking at ice cream and eventually some guy decides you're one suspicious ice cream enthusiast, so he runs across the street to some dude's mansion, grabs a guard, and the guard comes and attacks you. It's stupid moments like this that bother me to no end in this game. Especially when the Italian guard who shouldn't give a monkey's about what some bald guy does in an ice cream store, demands I surrender by yelling at me in his American accent. It's weird how no matter where you go in the world, every woman has an English accent, and every bloke speaks like an American. Jokes aside it actually annoys me, and further so considering I don't even think the voice acting is good. They clearly didn't put the time equally as much time into the people as the world they inhabit. People in this game do not act like people, and despite the open beautiful landscapes, you feel like there is a specific path that you must follow to avoid breaking the game."
,Recommended,236870,27012994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mɑxiиe ✿,Great Game Love this game .
,Recommended,236870,28510137,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mystery Fish,"Online unlocks are now available in offline mode. If you have a crappy internet connection you will likely still get DC'd occasionally. The claims of being disconnected from servers every hour are either hyperbole, or localized. The only time I've had problems with servers was before episode 2 was released. Ever since then everything has been wonderfully stable and IOI even fixed the optimization problems that were making Sapienza unplayable for me upon release. If you are a HITMAN fan, and don't buy this game, you are missing out. Period.Yes there are only 6 episodes, but this game is different from other HITMAN games in that each level is meant to be played multiple times before moving on, unlocking equipment that you can use in future missions. If you just play straight through, it's pretty short, yes, but you are really scamming yourself out of a rich and diverse game experience. The variety of challenges keeps things pretty fresh and you may find yourself trying some of them for a long time and still scratching your head."
,Recommended,236870,21775029,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Shore Volker,Great Game!
,Recommended,236870,30777501,Posted: 27 March,all,G1ftzw3rG,One of the best games in years tbh. I loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,236870,28158816,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,teslawu,"Well played, now you have Chinese subtitles!Although the way you sell the game was hated, but I still will say this game is epic.You know what? This is my first time to buy a game. I think it worths that much money (of course the cheaper the better).打得不错，现在你们提供汉语字幕了！虽然你们的发售方式很讨人厌，但是我还是想说这个游戏是史诗般的。知道么？这可是我第一次买游戏。物有所值吧（当然越便宜越好了）。"
76561198052574457,Recommended,236870,27641818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,spcoll17,"This game is a very good game. With its problems of course, but still all in all a good game.First up, Cons:-The fact that you need an internet connection to obtain any challenges (Not a problem if you have good internet)-Occassionally guards can see through walls (IO Interactive have been doing their best to patch these out)-A very generic, predictable story (The game truly shines when it comes to gameplay, however)Now to the good stuffPros:-The episodic format. With much more time to develop their game, IO Interactive put out a much better product than they would've with a delayed, full release-Hitman roots. This game borrows the best of Blood Money (level design, freedom) and the best of Absolution (shooting, the Focus system, graphics) and throws in references to both-The scale. Evey level is big and open (one is an entire seaside Italian town) and they are filled with interesting NPCs. If you want or if you get bored, you'll find yourself paying attention to the entire backstory of just a passing tourist rather than the already interesting main targets-Opportunities. The game has events called opportunities that will direct you through an assassination. Don't worry, if that isn't your thing you can totally ignore these, although the scripting and fun is one of the best parts of the game-Challenges. I'd say that one of the biggest flaws of the older Hitman games is that there were lots of exciting assassinations the game would never tell you about. Thats been fixed by the addition of challenges, some of which can be accomplished through opportunities and others you will be told nothing about. And each one for literally every level is always enjoyable. They are tense, fun, frustrating, hilarious, but above all else satisfying-Reward System. Each level has its mastery level which can be accomplished by completing challenges. As you go up the ladder, you unlock better gear, tools, weaponry and starting locations. At level 20, the cap, you will gain the best rewards, and while the rewards that precede them are not always useful, these are always good-Starting Locations. An entirely new addition to the HItman franchise, starting locations are unlocked via mastery leveling and give you a disguise. For example, at level 4 (I believe) in Paris, you can start in the kitchen as a waiter, making assassinations much more easier. These add so much freedom combined with the gear you collect, and if you like speedrunning, these open the door to some very interesting ones indeedThe best thing about this game was that I actually started off with a very negative opinion of this game. After I bought it, I ran into a game breaking bug. A month later, it was patched out and I could resume playing. I almost decided to see if it was still eligible for a refund, but I decided to give this gem another shot. And I fell in love with it. If I can fall in love with this brilliant game after such a messy start, I am sure you can too."
76561197977293089,Recommended,236870,27038974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shiel,Great throwback to Blood Money missing a couple things but with many more improvements.More than makes up for the abomination that was Absolution.8.5/10
,Recommended,236870,30947432,Posted: 4 April,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:High replayability. There are tons of ways to approach each mission. They also do a good job incentivizing you with unlocks as you replay each missions.More open ""sandbox"" style level design.Larger, more open, and better clutter density maps compared to previous titles.Overall gameplay is solid, but nothing revolutionary. If you've played previous Hitman games it's more of the same, at least from a mechanics standpoint.Sound design. Great soundtrack and SFX.Graphics. Game really does look great on higher settings. Plenty of graphical options. Seems pretty well optimized, but I'm also using a 1080ti.Neutral:Cannot customize weapons.Overall AI is serviceable, but it can be really derpy at times. Especially when it comes to things like searching for you.Episodic release. I purchased this game as a bundle on sale and it was just fine for me, but I could see how this pricing model could irritate some people.Story. It's mediocre.Cons:Always Online DRM. Nothing will make you rage like not being able to play your single player game due to server maintenance."
,Recommended,236870,30576203,Posted: 17 March,all,Lord of Beer,"It took me 108 minutes to complete Prologue + Episode 1. Great game, but its too short for me. I realise that they are trying to encourage replay.I wouldn't buy the full package until it is below $20."
,Recommended,236870,28202575,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,yuber,"Hitman has revert back to the format we all love this game for. Tactical stealh espionage with mulitple ways to kill your foe.However, a i5-6 series core with 1060gtx for ultra settings (1080p) yields a FPS of 55-60. (reasonable?)"
,Recommended,236870,28228263,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Holodecoy,"An amazing return for the series, even though i don't hate Absolution this one is way superior."
,Recommended,236870,26728413,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Errtu,Not bad for 25e game.. would not buoght it with full price tho.
,Recommended,236870,26788823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jordan,epic game
,Recommended,236870,26929214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mei,"HITMAN is the first game to use the episodic format in a way that not only works but is integral to the game's structure. Each episode consists of a new map, which serves as a sandbox for the mission designed by the developers but also for many wildy different contracts - some of which are actually player made. And sandbox really is the only way of describing these maps, as there are so many varied ways of interacting and traversing the maps, which feel very organic and real places.It's an amazing game, and the first HITMAN to really grab me, I throughly recommend it."
,Recommended,236870,27402153,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rakart,"Gameplay: 7/10 (Need to improve the Ai)World: 8/10Replayability: 7/10 (Need to finish all the challenges)DRM: 2/10 (Sometimes it become so annoying and also make the loading time much longer, but so far i never have any issue with this)So the conclusion is.. the DRM Sucks, it ruins the gameplay"
,Recommended,236870,27790570,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-PEves-,"Episodic Release! Not my idea of good marketing.That aside the game is fantastic. I just bought it on Sale for 26 dollars and it was worth every penny. It has everything a hitman game should. It is very well polished and the game seems to run quite smoothly. I had a few very minor hiccups on the Marakesh level but I think that was more because of my video card (GeForce GTX 550 Ti) than anything else and possibly the level still rendering in the background. It was almost unnoticable though and didn't effect gameplay. The graphics are nice and the levels are quite big and designed really well. There are plenty of possible ways to approach and kill targets, and each level has a plenty of replayability. There are lots of side challenges to complete as well. The game is a gem and I recommend it to anyone who is a big fan of the series.Note: I have seen people mentioning in other reviews that the bonus content wasn't available to them if they were buying the levels one by one and the only way they were able to get it was to entirely buy the game again as a full package. I find this extremely stupid and highly recommend buying the complete package in the first place, which is what a person should probably do anyway in order to not support episodic release garbage!Rating:  5/10If it wasn't an Episodic release it would be 10/10. But I hate stupid marketing methods such as these so I am docking 50% of the rating just due to that. It's that stupid!"
,Recommended,236870,26440059,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hartzen_Bros_Dk,"I have been playing the Hitman series ever since Hitman Codename 47 - I've seen its ups (Codename 47 and Hitman Bloodmoney), its downs (Hitman 2, Hitman Contracts) and its okay entries (Hitman Absolution). Now after finishing the last episode of the first season I have to the conclusion that Hitman Season 1 belongs to this series best. I've had a blast playing Hitman season 1, which have kept the excellent level design of Bloodmoney and coupled it with the necessary gameplay modernizations of Hitman Absolution (Season 1 brings a good update to the disguise system from Absolution and its challenges system). Hitman Season 1 is a pure Hitman experience through and through with lots and lots of different ways of tackling its missions. Then as an added bonus the overall story arc connecting the levels is good as well, and gets more and more interesting through the season.I agree with some of the other Steam reviews that it is cumbersome that an online connection is needed to get the full experience - however it is not true that you need to be online in order to play, You can still play all the levels and get the the full story while being offline - the only thing you don't get in that scenario is the challenges system which is only enabled when online. I haven't had any issues connecting to the servers (apart from once or twice) - though I do hope IO Interactive can come up with a more flexible online/offline system for season 2.All in all this is a great game experience, with lots and lots of replayability, tight stealth system, excellent level design and good overarching story. If you have liked any of the previous Hitman games you need to get this - you will not be disappointed. And please buy it so we will get a season 2 - I want to know how the story ends!Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,236870,27358310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tirpe,Very happy that i bought the whole a season from the sale. Definately worth it at that price.
,Recommended,236870,26705756,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Scone,"First season is good, and can't wait for the next two. The maps have detail and many possiblities. There are paths given for those who prefer or you can carve your own. Plus, even if you've already finished a hit, you can always go back and improve. 7.5/10"
76561197964013660,Recommended,236870,26772840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,=TAC= The Irken Elite,True return to form.  Best Hitman game you can get outside of Blood Money
,Recommended,236870,27680584,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OneAboveTuna,You can now use all your Unlock in Offline mode.You still need to be online to unlock them the first time but after that you can use them Offline as much as you want
76561198003423453,Recommended,236870,28067683,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,QOZQOZ Buying 90~%,review for steam awards  . easy
,Recommended,236870,28221907,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Number 7,"From the moment I bought this game I could not stop playing.There is a huge amount of ways to kill your targets in each level, and to each way there are a million options of how to execute it.Each mission has a few challanges to add to all the things you can do, and after you complete some you get a new way to start a mission with new possibilities of completing it.Honestly, I am overwhelmed by how great this game is.NOT TO MENTION ALL THE REFRENCES TO PREVIOUS GAMES WHICH I ABSOLUTELY LOVVVEEE"
,Not Recommended,236870,27926694,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Russer,"Better than absolution, though not recommended if you don't have a good constant internet connection. Also I wish the game was longer, oh well. I enjoyed it alot, except for when my net didn't work."
76561197969483810,Recommended,236870,28041121,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kagespiser,"The DRM is crap, but the game is a really solid Hitman game!"
,Recommended,236870,27320721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,friendly owl sidekick,It's the best hitman game. I checked. I went back and played Hitman Blood Money and it wasn't as good as this game. If you've never played a Hitman before that's ok. Play this one.
,Recommended,236870,28278530,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,chaotic anal,"accidentally bumps into civilians""i dun think I know u""""AHHHH IM GETTING HELP!""security find and gun me down10/10 security more abusive than nypd"
,Recommended,236870,26936918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WhajT,"Haters gonna hate, but hitman is HITMAN nothing less nothing more, on of the best!!!"
76561197994463921,Recommended,236870,27524626,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY,"Greatest Hitman Game up to date, with complex level design, improved disguise mechanic and brilliant elusive target idea, that keeps Single Player game alive even if you already finished it. If you ever enjoyed old Hitmans (exclude Absolution) You can safely buy it."
76561197999066715,Recommended,236870,27524872,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dinhtendo,"Full disclosure: I've never played a Hitman game before, and I'm only halfway through this one.I never thought I'd play Hitman 2016, which is a shame because the core gameplay is fantastic (at least in my limited experience - I can't speak to how it stacks up to the others in the series). But I had heard enough about all the terrible publisher decisions to scare me off for a while (the decision to release content episodically instead of giving you a complete game upfront; the fact that you have to always be online; elusive targets that disappear forever that you can never replay once expired).I can't promise I'd feel the same way if I bought it full price back when only the Paris level was available, but buying it for $30 with all of the episodes has so far felt like one of the best gaming purchases I've made this year. This game scratches a lot of the same stealth itches that MGSV did for me last year, but with a lot more joy and personality than that game ever had. I've played Paris and Sapienza so far, and I'm struck with both how detailed and how different the experiences were. Paris and Sapienza both feel alive from a visual perspective and also offer a number of hidden paths, items, and methods to get to your targets from a gameplay perspective; despite that, Sapienza, with its underground tunnels and vertical apartment buildings sprinkled throughout its town, was a 180 from Paris' centralized fashion show. While I'm tempted (and eager) to rush and see each level's unique layout, the game gives me enough incentive to take my time and explore each stage to its fullest potential.This exploration and incentive for replayability is both aided and hindered by its Challenge system. Playing through all of the unique assassination methods is a blast, especially the more intricate, multi-step assassinations that sometimes have special cutscenes. Other challenges are more mundane, based around picking different starting locations or more repetitive murder-techniques like drowning your target in the toilet or strangling them with fiber wire. You'll have to complete challenges to fully unlock different starting locations and weapons for each stage, which can make the game more grindy and repetitive than it needs to be. This is especially true when you've exhausted all of the fun ways to be a badass assassin for hire and start rushing through stages just to knock out the boring challenges to get more points to increase your mastery level.So there is an awesome core game here (which I'll credit to the dev team) and a whole lot of bad decisions that feel tacked on and drag the game down (which I'll assume is on Square-Enix). It almost feels like SE didn't trust the game on its own merits, which is weird to me because I think this game deserves more love than it gets and instead it's shooting itself in the foot with some of its straight-up bad choices. You're out of luck if you don't have a good internet connection, and I'm thankful that I waited because I don't know if I'd have the patience to wait a month and a half between levels. Despite all that, as a total package the game still succeeds against all odds and is worth your money. Like a young, troubled star athlete, its raw talent and potential is strong enough to overlook its deeper flaws, and you hope the terrible coaches and lackluster ownership and even the player himself stays out of his own way enough to have it reach its true potential for greatness. Hopefully we'll get a new batch of levels (Season 2?) without the dumb DRM that punishes people for rewarding its devs' hard work."
76561198011852317,Recommended,236870,27372094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Niobium,"most of the reviews are complaining about the online-only aspect. it's not fully online-only; you can still play offline. however, i can't say that their complaints aren't fair (especially if you have crappy internet).anyway, the game is a true hitman sequel. it is like blood money and absolution merged together.... in a good way. it seeks to be blood money 2.0, by being a game about hiding in plain sight rather than hiding behind cover like in absolution, while at the same time it is not afraid to borrow the good aspects from absolution. i think the game accomplished this. for example, the maps are huge, and not only are they very replayable for the story mode, but also the contracts mode. in fact this game has the most replayability of any hitman game. my personal favorite is sapienza, because it's a great map for both the story mode and the contracts mode.the story is solid too. it is the best story in a hitman game imo. the shadow client and that providence guy are interesting characters.pretty much everything about this game is great. my only two complaints are the combat system and the rating system. they're not terrible or anything, but it seems that IO did not put a lot of work into those two things compared to the rest of the game, where they put a whole lot of effort into making the game right to please the fans. regardless, i give this game a 9/10. if you are a hitman fan this is a MUST."
76561198025126392,Recommended,236870,27311993,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hijacker.fx,"I loved Absolution, this game is just the more good looking more tweaked version of it.Haven't got through the training, working on completing all available the challenges... (UPDATE: already spent 7+ hours just to max out the trainig courses and still 1 or 2 challenges missing) This game is so much fun ...The version I tried is the one after the last episode's bugfixes, and I'm pretty satisfied with the performance and haven't noticed any bugs yet.I'm playing on 1440p withGTX970i5 660016GB Ramand I have a solid 45fps, all settings on max using DX12. I tried on FULLHD, I got a solid 60fps also DX12 and max settings.Massive thumbs up!"
,Recommended,236870,27235480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NairolfWolf,"HITMAN is the latest installment of the action/stealth franchise, following the fairly mediocre Hitman : Absolution.While Absolution opted for a more linear approach akin to Splinter Cell, HiTMAN fixes that mistake by going back to the Blood Money style of gameplay.HITMAN features 6 very detailed levels that will take hours to fully explore and master, and 2 more being bonus levels that reimagine previous locations with different targets and settings. While it seems like a pretty low number of levels the level of details more than make up for it, as well as the user-made contracts and regularly added ""escalation"" missions taking place in these levels.These levels are, in my opinion, some of the best in the whole franchise so far, some beating even Blood Money's. They're big, colorful, and incredibly detailed. They are filled with NPCs with lots of dialogue, telling small stories as you explore the level and listen to their conversations, making the locations feel ""alive"".A new opportunity system allows you to easily find ways to get past guards or take out your targets, but it can be disabled if you'd rather find these out by yourself. In addition to the opportunities there are tons of ways to take out your targets in less scripted manners, giving the levels a lot of replay value. These ties into the new challenge system, keeping track of various feats you've accomplished so far, rewarding you with mastery points, which in turn unlock loadout options like starting locations, weapons and gadgets that lets you mess around with the levels even more.Contract mode from Absolution is back, letting you go around the level and selecting targets to kill with specific weapons and outfits and challenging other players to finish your contract and beat your score.Now to the bad bits,Jesper Kyd noticeably didn't compose the soundtrack to this game, and it shows. The eerie orchestrated score from previous hitman games is gone, being replaced by a rather generic sounding synth-heavy soundtrack (hope you like that inception horn!).Gameplay-wise, a lot of it is completely wasted because of the elusive targets, special missions only available for 2 days to 1 week being removed from the game after that. It's especially disappointing as they all include new characters (One of the target was Gary Busey, with Gary Cole making an appearance) and changes to the level, but unless you play them as they come out, you'll never get to see these ingame.The game got a lot of hate for being always online, which I can somewhat understand, but personally I've never had any problems with it, especially as the developpers added a button to reconnect without losing any progress from your current run, but your experience may vary. Same with the optimization, I didn't have many problems with it but others had a lot, directX12 being by far the most problematic.The bundles for this game can be confusing, you have multiple ways to buy this game : The ""Complete First Season"", which includes everything released thus far, and the ""Intro Pack"" which only includes the 2 training missions and the first real mission, paris. You can then choose if you want to buy the episodes one buy one as regular DLC or buy the ""Upgrade Pack"" which acts as a season pass, givings you access to all missions in season 1 as well as the 2 bonus missions which are currently exclusive to the ""Complete first season"" and the ""Upgrade pack"".I would personally recommend getting the ""Intro Pack"" if you're interested, and if you do enjoy the game the ""Upgrade Pack"" is the best way to buy the rest as you'll be able to play the bonus missions (Which will be released as DLC later on)Overall I think HITMAN is worth checking out, especially for its discounted price of 6.49€, which gives you access to the training missions and the Paris map, which should keep you interested for a few hours, and if you run into performance issues you'll be able to refund the game as long as you haven't played it for over 2 hours."
,Recommended,236870,28007758,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sWi7zLe,"A lot of people are moaning about having to be online to be able to play this, but that's not the case.When you play ""Online"" you get XP for challenges etc, to get ranked on the LeaderboardBut when you play ""Offline"", you don't get an XP.The only problem with this is that, if you're playing Online and the server goes down for maitenance or whatever (like it did earlier today), you cannot access your Online Saves and will have to either wait for the servers or start the mission again in Offline mode, which is a bit crap :/Apart from that, the gameplay is superb, graphics are beautiful... and the long loading times? Nahh, get an SSD you gits :D"
76561198061346763,Recommended,236870,28009306,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,misoandricegamer,A fun game. The levels are big and theres so many ways to get creative with your targets.
76561198251052858,Recommended,236870,28017181,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yyrkoon,Wonderful Game! Can't wait for more hitman content!
,Recommended,236870,28359640,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Poonslayer,"** If you can buy all episodes of this game on sale, it's totally worth the purchase for hours of in depth content which playstyle reminisces that of older titles like Hitman: Bloody Money **Despite what many reviews say about the online-only DRM, it was recently patched so no longer causes interruptions to your gameplay. There are 6 main story missions all of which have between 70 - 120 individual challenges that the player can complete. These range from interesting ways to kill your targets to useful opportunities to gain access to certain areas or items. If you're paying anything less than £20 for all episodes of this game it is money well spent. It has its drawbacks in terms of hand holding of the player, but anybody can choose to ignore this and play the game in the style they want."
,Recommended,236870,27353963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Walrus Pete,"This is only the third Hitman game I've ever played. I started with Blood Money long after it came out, tried Absolution, and now this one. The first, and best, thing I have to say about it is that it's much more Blood Money than it is Absolution. Whatever dark business was happening at IO Interactive to make Absolution happen is thankfully long since over. There are no linear action sequences or mid-mission cutscenes to be found here. It's just you, your targets, and wide-open masterpieces of level design.Probably the most pleasant surprise about Hitman 2016, though, is how the episodic release turned out. Someone finally made it work. The support for this game by the developers has been incredible, and there's an entire second season on the horizon. If you're a fan of Blood Money and/or the older Hitman games, I cannot recommend this strongly enough."
76561198032001052,Recommended,236870,27095541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nepenthe,"Don't let anybody tell you that this game isn't god damn great.Like all good steam reviews i'll start with the things I don't like because if there is one place to get mad, it is on steampowered dot com.-middling performance (this game nearly maxes out my i5 6600k, my framerate can vary from 100ish to 30ish on a gtx1070). if it's any consolation the performance isn't any better on the consoles lol?-always online DRM (fwiw I have never noticed Hitman's servers dropping, during my playtime of about one week?? and this was while a sale was going on so i imagine the servers would be under heavier load than usual, but i don't know how their infrastructure works so maybe i'm talking out of my butt. i don't want to excuse DRM or other peoples negative experiences but it just has not affected me personally.)-overall poor sound work:This game suffers from the Elder Scrolls problem in that there are about twelve voice actors. Their performances are good! But god, sometimes it feels like every male guard has either one of two voice actors - the guy with the deeper voice and the guy whose voice is just a touch whiny.moving about one metre so that a wall is in front of an npc will make that npc's dialogue go from clear as a bell to muffled, like you're listening to them speak through an irl closed door.There are only subtitles for dialogue that alludes to things you can use to murder people and sneak around. Incidental dialogue or the dialogue of characters reacting to the things you do is not subtitled. That's super frustrating, especially for someone like me who loves little bits of dialogue in video games!Some noises in the game are super loud compared to the rest of the game (for example, I physically flinched when activating the forklift alarm to the left of the entrance to the Colorado level it was so loud). The music can get super loud as well.- yo the Marrakesh map is kinda lameOther than that, though, this game is so great. The above are the only things that have bothered me during my time with the game, and even then, they're kind of minor, I feel? I've never enjoyed a hitman game like I have this one.During my time with Hitman 2016 (22 hours as of writing) those are the only things that have really bugged me? The DRM hasn't affected me personally but I included it because online only DRM isn't acceptable even in 2016. But god, the rest is just fantastic. The levels are beautiful to just wander around in, and watching Hitman's little clockwork worlds go is delightful. The amount of NPCs that IO has fit into those levels is amazing. The movement, aiming and shooting feels good and satisfying, and gunfights aren't hopeless if you're prepared and arent dashing around like a doofus or caught in the open. I haven't completed the story yet, but idk, like... seems decent! 👌Anyway whatever as someone who very frequently will not purchase a game until it is below ten dollars this is absolutely worth the ~$50NZD I paid for this one. If you're undecided go watch the Giant Bomb quick looks of this game because they're good, even if the guys who're playing don't quite understand everything in the game."
76561198066452898,Recommended,236870,27589656,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,L3m0n80m8,this is a game i would buy for all my friends if i had the money :(
,Recommended,236870,26884833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doddskitchen,I killed a man by dropping a toilet on his head... so that was pretty cool.
,Recommended,236870,22642503,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,99,is that it???man the last map was something
76561198069100726,Recommended,236870,30712825,Posted: 24 March,all,Sobriquet,"EXCELLENT rendition of the classic loops that made Contracts and Blood Money (and the first one) shine, with all of the good parts of Absolution and none of the bad of that title.PROS: Addictive groundhog day of murdertime.CONS: Addictive groundhog day of murdertime.  Utter lack of modding, killing innovation (I can see spaces for a number of improvements and overhauls to various systems, but there is no editor or script hook).  The DRM.Verdict: Buy at 20-30 a season, no more.  But worth it at that price."
72389232039235203,Recommended,236870,28304258,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,OnTheRoadcast,"I've waited until the game was properly 'finished' as a full season and picked it up on a recent sale.As a huge fan of the Hitman series since Hitman 2: Silent Assassin I think despite the Online DRM and odd episodic nature This is the best Hitman We've gotten since Blood MoneyIs it better than Blood Money? that's debatable and there's so much that has changed in the gaming landscape since then.Hitman 2016 is kind of a weird hodge podge between every title in the series taking what worked in past titles and oddly forgetting some of the best features that I'll detail in a pro/con section.Pros:Open levels with different entrys/escapes and the ability to improvise to take out your targetsNo sectioned off 'levels' like in Hitman:Absolution it's all one continuous stage ""Outside of Colorado's 1 Exit""Emphasis on letting the player ""Play"" and ""experiment"" and turning off ""Instinct"" doesn't cripple the game thanks to the mini map.huge attention to detail in levels and NPC dialouge especially ItalyTons of replayability with contracts and unlocking more suits/weapons/itemsNo micro-transactions (as far as I noticed)Guards will pick up Guns and put them in a bin somewhere in the levelCoins are in a limited supply resulting in not over abusing themCons:NPC's don't notice blood poolsOptimization on PC is a bit skewed I have a I5 4690k and GTX 980 TI and I get odd FPS dipsVoice Actors tend to repeat and show up all over the level but again in the pros at least there's a wide varietyWe need more Idle animations for 47 Sometime's it's goofy as hell him stoicly dressed as a jester but I'd like a button to dance for said Jester or if I'm a guard maybe an idle guard animation nothing too crazy but to switch up how robotic it can be when trying to blend in.Online DRMThat's just what I could think of on the top of my head but I still highly recommend this gameIt really is a return to form and the fact they are making a ""Season 2"" of this game means they have much room for even more improvment and I look forward to playing this some more."
,Recommended,236870,28351587,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Meelis13,I was very sceptical when i heard Hitman is going to episodic format. I suspected it is horrible and will fail. Especially after recent decline in Hitman franchiseGuess what- i was wrong. This game is Hitman how its supposed to be- full of options and ways to take down target. Extremely fun game- it even tops Hitman 2 as my favourite Hitman game.Oh and i forgot to mention that this game does have 1 bad quality: it keeps online & offline profiles separate (but you CAN play game offline despite what naysayers claim). And you usually go online
,Recommended,236870,27441847,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neno,nice
76561198049446239,Recommended,236870,26728830,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hitman920,this game gives players the whole new experince  but one thing i dont like is the always online . what if i loose internet connection for a day i cant play this game ... this need to be changed!overall the game is excellent.
,Not Recommended,236870,27799305,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A$AP Roley,"While the game itself is great, I am disappointed by the DRM.Spent two hours playing a level to perfection, trying to get some stupid achievements. Turns out someone had messed up somewhere and my game was considered “offline” and became ineligible for achievements or any post mission stats.I mean I spent so many hours so the game would tell me “good job”, in the end it just punished me for doing nothing wrong. All it takes is going offline once.I’m not angry, just disappointed."
76561197961023890,Recommended,236870,25911797,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Hatzen,"Great gameplay, more like blood money than absolution, story is a bit slow though."
,Recommended,236870,27875308,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,arthurdent,"Great comeback for the Hitman franchise, the staggered releasing of each level causes you to really explore each new map before moving on, rather than plowing through the story all at once.  Many games would not be able to pull this off, but Hitman does.  The elusive targets just add to the content and give you something to do in between maps, as well as rewarding you for being familiar with the maps and unlocking everything on each stage.  Would definitely recommend."
76561198003046199,Recommended,236870,27151628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dodgeza,This turned out to be a great game with a few quirks and oddities. The final product is great and I'm looking forward to next season.
76561197989327715,Recommended,236870,22767279,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Langeveldt,"Fantastic game, taking the whole Hitman that we've come to know and love, and making it sumptuously detailed and deep.  But the whole episodic release rubbish and DRM requirements means it gets a thumb down from me.  Stop taking gamers for granted, and enjoy another negative review."
76561198120387360,Recommended,236870,22834886,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dog Cop 69,game is lit af fam idk i guess i left a bad review what a noob. anyway ive ligit had no problem with the servers and its so much fun xxd
,Recommended,236870,24998385,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,変態,"The way it's released might be weird, but the game itself is awesome!"
,Recommended,236870,25515088,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Video James,"This game is equal parts hysterical and empowering and I love it. It's more accessible than the other Hitman games, yet the maps feel gigantic and full of interesting ways to ""deal"" with targets. In one map I dismantled the lighting rig above a fashion show to crush someone while dressed as a billionaire Middle-Eastern Prince. In another map, I killed and impersonated a golf coach to lure a target only to have someone dragging the body of the real golf coach behind his lover, who was that very second flirting with me in my cheap disguise.Get it, it's so good and you'll have so many crazy stories."
,Recommended,236870,32964219,Posted: 28 June,all,Radialgaming,Great game and has lots to it. Dare I say it's as good as blood money...I do!
,Recommended,236870,32938127,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr Dax,Amazing. Best stealth game I've played in a long time. You have so much freedom in this murder sandbox.
,Recommended,236870,22888026,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SirPhineasTinklebot,"EDIT: With the impending end of the first season of HITMAN upon us, I wanted to revisit this review and say where Hitman stands with me.I f*cking love it. Although the annoying ""online requirement"" is still present, the game at least gives you a chance to reconnect if you are suddenly disconnected from the servers, unlike before where it would just kick you out of your current game. It's genuinely fun trying to achieve full mastery in each location; the game lets you unlock cool gadgets, weapons, and different starting spots as you achieve a higher ""mastery"" in each location.Furthermore, the frequent crashing and framerate drops are pretty much nonexistent, and the game feels much more polished and refined. They continue to add content such as elusive targets and escalation contracts somewhat often, and new locations come in roughly once every two months(?)Early on, the story really did not feel prevalent to the game, but I'm happy to say that I'm actually interested in how the story will shape up.The game has class, style, and humor. Go out and buy it, I feel that personally it's worth the money I've put into it. Some things to note though: if you're going into the game wanting a third person shooter, this isn't the game for you. Hitman requires patience, strategy, stealth and accuracy. Can you just take a rifle and shoot everyone in your way? Sure, you can, but more often than not it is infinitely more rewarding to plan out and meticoulously set up your assassinations. IMO, this game is the second best game in the franchise, barely behind Blood Money. Only thing I miss dearly is the sniper briefcase, but I'm hopeful it comes in all its glory in the last episode coming out October 31st.↓My earlier review of the game↓I really do like this game, how much freedom it gives you, all the awesome weapons, disguises, and scenarios that you find yourself in as Agent 47.Before getting into the my big issue with the game I'd like to point out the smaller but still annoying issues of the game: random frame drops and freezes seem to be pretty common.The only really BIG issue I have with this game though is their dependency on the ""Hitman server's"" being online. In all honesty, this really wouldn't be all THAT bad if all it did was just simply not put your ""score"" on the database. I could live with not having my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ score of -100,000 because I killed every guard in Paris. But no. Unfortunately, if your internet fails or for some other reason you are disconnected from the Hitman servers, it will kick you out of your current game (without giving time to save) and you are left with the bare bones of the game, no ""perks"" that you've unlocked through completing missions with better scores.I really don't like the way many games and systems now a days rely so heavily on being connected, and Hitman seems to have 80% of its game online.I wish I had more options for recommending from steam besides ""Yes"" and ""No"" because the game is AWESOME when it's at its best. However, like I lightly mentioned before, random frame drops and freezes seem to be pretty common, along with the whole connectivity issue.For anyone looking to play this game, I wouldn't purchase it until the full game comes out and all the other kinks are straightened out. Right now it can be frustrating."
,Recommended,236870,25938607,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LaneBlackhawk,Favorite game of 2016!
76561198038533621,Recommended,236870,28528717,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jschuah90,"I only bought the paris level, but the replayability is very well done."
,Recommended,236870,32556377,Posted: 18 June,all,lfiea,"This game in theory should be the perfect hitman game, however some things really hold it back from that potential status.Here's what I think of hitman 2016.The goodHitman 2016 should be commended for its complex and expansive level design, it's vast open environments of which there are 5 or 6 in total lend to the opportunities you encounter along the way, as a whole these oppertunities lead you down some long  winding paths that eventually end with the demise of your targets ( that's the game folks), the design for each level is breathtaking, each level is bigger and more complex than you originally think, for example if you look at the time I've spent on the game I can guarantee than 80% of that has been spend having fun on one level, and that is Sapienza, I wanted to play this level sinse the trailer for it first dropped and I am satisfied wholly.The loadouts at the beginning of the game have its flaws, however it can also be rewarding, making it so you have to unlock items is a downside (I'll speak more about this later) however as an overall system you can really tell they are trying to hone in on the good old days of hitman blood money ( again I'll speak more about this game later) and for the most part this system is satisfying, it proves more of an illusion of control than the previous more recent hitman games have (absolution)Agent 47 is not a regular human being, don't let the sick tats and hair fool you, agent 47 is a inhumane assassin, he follows orders, furthermore the dynamic choice this game provides let's you actually be agent 47 for most of it, and not be told how you feel in any given story situation, furthermore hitman is not and should never be a story game, absolution was a fat clog in an otherwise stellar example of gameplay over story through a series of games. 47 is you and this game understands that, you bought this game because you want to assassinate some people, that's it so do it how YOU feel it should be done, which is what this game allows you to do near perfectly, you can go full Rambo, Sam fisher or Ezio, or (obviously) classic agent 47. The choice is yours and it is nice to not have a charachter pointlessly shoved down my throat that's two games in one year this one and doom 2016 which don't offer drama unless you want it so badly that you sit through the cutscenes or read back logs.The good outweighs the bad by a substantial amount, which is why I am reccomending this purchase...-----Now the BADwhich I must admit can be slightly nit picky at times. But nitpicking aside my first and probabily most major issue with the game is the system proformance... when I launched hitman on my gtx 780 and 8 core cpu I was not impressed , seeing as my system is actually exceeding the reccomenddd specs, I was hoping to get above 60 Fps as a constant, and you guessed it... not only did I not receive 60 Fps at a stable rate (on low settings) I was running in the most crowded game locations at 25FPS and sudden spikes to 15 Fps , this is not ok, and the worst part is that when I raised the settings the game ran 20 frames better, and when I set my status as offline on steam it ran another 20 frames better, so my questions of which I have three are how, why and why hasn't it been fixed by the time I am currently writing this reviewThe reason this is not outweighing the good is that there aren't many times it gets this bad, unless you are streaming aswel particularly through steam... but that really is a large issue with the game,Now for some more personal and nitpick issues about the game.This game should have a carbon copy of hitman blood moneys story telling style, customisation on guns and equipment before you enter a level and finally the way your hand is never held.This game holds your hand way too much unless you tell it to shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, the thing which is needed nowadays and I often use and don't hate completely is the X-ray vision, because allthough it could be argued that it doesent make you good enough it still makes you feel more like the engineered and altered charachter which 47 has allways been on a base level ( not contradicting my previous comments simply stating that on a base level that is the charachter that was created from the beginning for you to play as ) the main use of hand holding which excuse my language is just taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥is the oppertunites mode, made so that people who exclusively play cod and fifa might give it a shot... just no, it tells you exactly how to carry out a perfects assassination unless you turn that♥♥♥♥♥♥off why even buy the game, seriously,,,... hitman has allways been a puzzle game at heart, you put the prices togheter yourself until a glorious painting is revealed of you, buying hitman 2016 and turning off hints and then beating a level in the game flawlessly, all whilst cracking open a cold one with the boys. YOU CAN TURN THEM OFF but let's get real, they put this feature in to lure non gamers to the game, and the pure blatentness of This makes me mad. For some players who don't have the attention span to deal with the scope of the challenges on offer at a particular time they may feel forced to turn it on and get an easy way to beat the level all whilst feeling a sense of overwhelming achievement and the sense of entitlement which comes with it... HOWEVER we all remember the first time we found out about console commands (if you were a noob at the time like me ) and then from that point completely ♥♥♥♥ed your save file and because of that you now don't play it anymore, this hint feature reeks of that and I don't like the funk it is emitting.Building on the fact that blood money had more cutomisation my oppinion is that a much better system would actually just be coping blood moneys beginning sequence, at the beginning of each mission of blood Money you are in a room full of guns and you get to pick the guns and gadgets manually from shelves, this is as satisfying as watching the preparation sequence from john wick 2 , then you go into a customisation page where you can spend your agency's money to add silencers, double penetration mods and a whole host of cool stuffUPGRADES UPGRADES UPGRADES Hitman 2016 does not utilise upgrades and if they do I am sorry but with all the time I've played I've never seen them, so wtf is their design choice and UI , making things unlockable is awful, you don't feel like an assassin unless the money you earn goes towards the weapons and gadgets you own.-----For some reason every enemy in every level is either British or American or is a British / American ruthlessly failing at accents. NiceFor some reason every enemy has the same pistol and all the guns in the game sound the same. NiceHonestly though just found out a few days ago that io interactive left square and has kept the hitman franchise, amazing news, let's see some blood money 2 boys, and some non rushed non lollipop lady road crossing hand holding optimisedContent!!!In conclusion hitman 2016 is a game that shows clear insight and progression for the franchise and among other impressive things has some extremely impressive level design which really pays off in the end, it's flaws stop it from Being what could have been one of the best games of its type ever made in my oppinion.I've probably missed some stuff but yeah those are some of my pros and cons of hitman 2016"
,Recommended,236870,32575903,Posted: 19 June,all,noelponken,I recommend. Yee
,Recommended,236870,32769092,Posted: 25 June,all,Gonzo,"More like the old Hitman games.Compared to Hitman Absolution the levels are bigger, so there are more ways to complete them, but there are less missions in total. They want you to complete the levels over and over again, in contrast to Absolution, which just gave you a new level. The missions pretty much always are, kill two targets.Still a really good game. If you liked any of the previous games of the series, you will like this too."
76561198044552006,Recommended,236870,32698470,Posted: 23 June,all,Bill Nye The Nyence Nye,Best game of 2016 imo
,Recommended,236870,32678414,Posted: 23 June,all,Sarcastro,Just like Agent 47 somehow getting his barcode back after cutting it off in Hitman Absolution. IO has finally gotten their indepdent groove back to Blood Money styled gameplay.
,Recommended,236870,32588148,Posted: 20 June,all,Run,"Brilliant game, lots of fun to play and it's now fully released to you can play all the episodes. Allows alot of creativity."
76561198217914463,Recommended,236870,32722527,Posted: 24 June,all,whitewolf,This is the best hitman game currently available. You can put hundred of hours in the game and not get bored. Now i am eagerly waiting for season 2.
,Recommended,236870,32819803,Posted: 26 June,all,docfate,"Extremely fun and engaging.  Levels can take a long time to finish, but they never seem to drag.  You are able to save anywhere so that takes away the stress of trying new things.  There are many, many ways to complete your goal.  All levels can be replayed multiple times with vastly varying options.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,236870,32810062,Posted: 26 June,all,koden,The sequel to Blood Money.
76561198039184982,Recommended,236870,27090912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rye Fieri,Best Use of Fire Extinguishers 2016
,Recommended,236870,26846231,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atwa,Turn off instinct and put opportunites to minimal and you will have a great time.
,Not Recommended,236870,22002641,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,hestia.is.bestia,The worst installment in the franchise. Avoid at all costs.
,Recommended,236870,32201634,Posted: 5 June,all,SlyMeerkat,"Hitman 2016 season 1 was a complete joy to play, leaving me with unforgettable moments as I assassinated, disguised myself and hid through each of the 6 main missions. The replyabilty in this game is unprecedented with dozens of way to complete and master each mission it is easy to lose yourself and replay the same mission over and over again to totally master it without the fun ever going away.Each mission is fundamentally different, from a vast mansion in a quaint small Italian town to a dangerous and mysterious farm in America, each of them feel alive, populated with relatively smart NPCs populating making the places you visit around the world feel real. Although it is clear that some mission are better than others, all of them were fun and rewarding."
,Recommended,236870,32976975,Posted: 29 June,all,Admin,good game
,Recommended,236870,33024277,Posted: 29 June,all,RuiG_87,"First and foremost let me mention that I don't like the release module used for this game, I don't think that a Hitman game should be released in an episodic format especially considering that it breaks immersion and pacing, and also that the consumer would be paying for an unfinished product is something that I personally tend to not support. As a result I refused to purchase the game until it was complete and I would only puchase it during a very reasonable sale, with all of this out of the way let me say what I actually think of the game.I liked Hitman, there isnt any two ways to go about it. The game is very enjoyable and overall pretty well put toghether (not flawless though), there are a ton of different ways that you can complete a mission which adds to replayability and that is good however it doesn't justify an episodic release since replaying the same level over and over again without going through the entire game first can be pretty boring. This leads to a big issue caused by the episodic style release, that is that after every mission I have to go back to the main screen in order to go to the next mission and I feel that by doing that it breaks my immersion a bit.Voice acting is top notch and the soundtrack although to me not memorable blends well with the game's environment. The gameplay is pretty solid although when you knock out a character and want to drag him and if there are a few items lying around the KO'd character it can be a pain to get the drag prompt to appear, this becomes annoying especially if you are in a hurry because a NPC is coming towards the room you are in and you need to desperately hide the body.I would of liked Agent 47 to have a bit more of variattion in his moveset, for example if you takedown an enemy next to a container he could chuck him inside it as part of the takedown, it would be a pretty cool way to use the enviornment to hide away bodies in a quick and efficient manner. It would of been nice if you could walk up to a character while concealing your gun behind your back since it is something I picture an assassin doing. Looking at current game technology it does feel like the combat mechanics weren't as refinned as they could of been.I feel like levels are a bit too small in scale, at times I would of liked to have a slighly larger environment to play around in and be a bit more constructive with how I could take out my target. Although not really that big of an issue but with only 6 levels the game left me wishing for a bit more at the end.In my opinion the weakest part of the game is the story, it doesn't connect too well with the gameplay part and feels very disjointed and feels more like padding than something necessary. You could remove the entire plot from the game and get the exact same experience, which is a shame since I like a good narrative in a game, also story doen't answer any questions at it's conclusion and only raises even more. The game is obviously following a TV season style of storytelling but here is something the game does wrong, a season finale normally answers most if not all of the season's questions while raising new important ones and Hitman fails terribly at that.Overall it's a fun although slightly flawed game, I would recommend it to anyone but not as a full priced game since it does feel a little bit lacking so I would recommend to pick it up during a sale.If I had to give it a score I would say it's a solid 7/10"
,Recommended,236870,27585699,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FassQi,BloodMoney Enhance ver2.0however without door hole and suitcase...It is easier than BloodMoney...
,Recommended,236870,21878059,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Quindarious Gooch,"I had previously given this a negative review after it's first episodic release. I am happy to say that at the end of the first Season this is no longer the case.TL:DR - Depending on how much you adore Blood Money, this may be the best Hitman game - 9/10I struggle to know where to begin with all the things that are enjoyable about this game. Most of it has likely been covered ad nauseum by every review here, but the game is of such remarkable quality that it does bear repeating. Let's make a quick list of all the pro's before we talk about the one big 'con'.+ Graphics - This game is beautiful, animations, textures, lighting, to my eyes it provides a legitimate challenge to games that EA and Ubisoft release. I run a high-end rig so I can't speak to how fluently this will all run on low end systems, but it does seem very stable and comes with a plethora of graphics options to fine-tune it to your rig. The game engine, although at times looking slightly ridiculous in it's more extreme moments, set's it's aims high and ultimately delivers. It provides an extremely real and fluid experience neccessary in creating the desired level of immersion.+ Gameplay is extremely enjoyable, flitting between tense, chaotic and hilarious depending on how you choose to play. The variety of assassination methods and fluidity in executing them certainly delivers on 'assassin' gameplay in ways that Ubisoft has begun to reduce sipmly to 'hold this button and watch the character do insane things to people or walls or YOUR MUM'.+ Level design is second to none, I advise any of those interested to look up the Hitman Dev video discussing 'Level Design and Spirals'. The way everything flows into itself, storylines and characters interwoven, provides an extremely real and immersive experience where setting and populous take centre stage. The levels are not only beautifully designed but also beautiful in terms of pure aesthetics and every one of them provides a memorable stage you will want to keep coming back to and discovering more of. I was skeptical about them having less levelsthat are much vaster and more free-roamy. I felt like that was a half and half cop-out where it wouldn't be as open as a free-roam game or as long and as varied as a standard Hitman experience. I was wrong. Not 100% wrong but we'll address that in the cons. This system does work much better than anticapated and it is extremely enjoyable. It does not feel limited nor does it feel repetetive.+ AI - just enough to f*ck with on normal, just enough to f*ck with you on professional. There are moments of stupidity but they are very few and far between or ultimately intended parts of gameplay. With the Hitman series it's always been clear that a lot of the AI stupidity is intended gameplay, so that one can better manipulate the people around 47.+ Storyline - I mean not really, the grand storyline is still just as daft and as vague as it's always been. At the very least though this is an entire reboot and as always, the more interesting stories are the in-mission narratives - as well as the narratives you build yourself. Really, in terms of 'story-space', this is more of a past-life/desmond frame tale akin to Assassin's Creed. The grander story will be meted out over the course of several seasons. It does seem better paced and more thoughtful than the narratives of previous games/movies and according to devblogs it will be expanded through season two.  In-mission narrative will not dissapoint, often non-essential characters have as interesting backstorys as main targets. Fans of Blood Money cite this as a great positive, the reality and farcity of the people that inhabit the game world. I can't say 100% this is to the level of Blood Money, but it's damn close and has the potential to do a lot more through Season 2.Now to the negative, but also the area of most improvement since my prior review.- Content - At the end of Season 1 this does feel like a full product. The level of side-missions, player and dev generated contracts etc. is more than enough to keep one revisiting six locations. Weaponry/gadgets/costumes are all good too. Overall this is really describable as 'being acceptable'. Unfortunately when considering the quality of this game, acceptable is pretty far under the bar of achievement set by the rest of the game. It's strong at 6 - but at 8 or even, 9 levels, this could be *stellar*, an easy 10/10 for what it has set out to do. My ultimate hope is that for season 2, now that they have a sturdy game and lots of base items/outfits etc. built into the game, that season 2 has a bigger push for content. More locations, more outfits/people/interactions in those locations and more weapons/gadgets. That *is all* this game needs to be a 10/10. If we were given two levels per episodic release, or releases more often, or even the same time frame but a longer schedule of release then it's going to be extremely exciting. In polarity to this if my worst fears are realised and Season 2 involves revisiting locations from Season 1, no matter how changed, I would be *heavily* dissapointed. This would be only acceptable if they were levels provided outside of the standard 6 original levels Season 2 would provide, and even then they would have to be drastically altered or expanded.9/10A final word to the devs: It is my understanding that Season 2 will be released at a full price as Season 1 was. Given the quality of this work again this is *acceptable*. I'd pay it, I assume everyone else would too, it is justfiable given the quality. With that being said you have the opportunity to join an extremely rare breed of dev teams here (CD Projekt Red and Rockstar are the only two I can name) that deliver games of a *higher* quality than most AAA titles and also care more about their fans than they do money. As should be obvious now, this model is proven to be *extremely* lucrative in the long run. It is worth considering then that anywhere between affording discounts to previous owners of the 'Full Experience' to even releasing Season 2 for free to owners of the 'Full Experience' could have more financial benefits than pitfalls. Not only that but a discount in conjunction with more content than was provided on season 1, then we're talking 11/10, that rare pantheon of games that no one seems capable of criticizing. Whatever the case, please please please, make Season 2 part of the same bootable experience as Hitman Season 1. That is to say I click Hitman in steam, I load up all the content. it may seem like a slight difference but when this is one huge experience sewn together I believe you'll have made something truly remarkable.Just a thought anywho, thankyou for a wonderful game!"
76561198078211473,Recommended,236870,30885921,Posted: 1 April,all,Liam,"Great game, great graphics, plenty of missions, plenty of replayability. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,236870,32175715,Posted: 4 June,all,vizibal,"In terms of gameplay and mechanics this is an excellent Hitman game with huge nonlinear maps, many opportunities and disguises to carry out your missions. The music and graphics meet the expectations. You can manually save anywhere (except in combat of course), the location and state of all NPCs and objects are stored.What I didn't like: the episodic release and too much dependency on online connection."
76561198043440828,Recommended,236870,32176973,Posted: 4 June,all,Scipio Regulus XVII,"one of the greatest hitman games yet, now let's wait for season 2"
76561198276341283,Recommended,236870,32238903,Posted: 7 June,all,brrrrrrt,"I've played a lot of Hitman, and I find it very difficult to review. I have had a lot of fun playing this game and if you're interested I would tell you to buy the game and every episode. The game looks brilliant and is very well optimised. I can tell you that almost all of the negative reviews for this game are just complaining about the Online DRM but this has since been resolved and honestly hasn't ever been a problem fo me. There are very few bugs and the only one that has affected me is a  bug where having a usb device or controller plugged in causes the game to think you want to play with a controller and completely bugs out.Despite this, the game has an insane replay value, there is a load of things to do and it took me a very long time to get bored. Right now i'm waiting for the next season of episodes to be released and I have no doubt they'll be amazing. There is a story to the game but you don't have to have played previous Hitman games to understand it and despite there being a story, it doesn't limit the freedom you have in-game. This game is almost close to being a open-world game because the maps are huge, there's loads of things to do and you can express your creativity in almost endless ways. I really can't fault the game at it's reliability or optimisation at this current time.I don't have any serious complaints but there are some things i'd like to address. Firstly this game is not very realistic or challenging in a realistic way. The NPCs are all partially blind and cant see 100m away. The physics are good but the damage model is completely wrong. I wish this game had a better damage model because apparently killing a guard with an SMG at point blank in the head takes two shots. Almost every weapon can't be used at range except sniper rifles and even though Agent 47 is supposedly the world's best assassin, he can't handle the recoil of a fully automatic weapon whatsoever. The bullet spread is also completely stupid and unrealistic. The range of weapons available is quite disappointing in my opinion. Don't buy this game for the realism, buy it for the fun of it. It's a great stealth arcade game and provided me with hours of entertainment. I'm very impressed with this game and the complaints aren't negative but I just wish the game was more realistic. Even with professional mode now in the game, there isn't a realism factor."
,Recommended,236870,31251243,Posted: 20 April,all,0RDINANCE,"This game is a hit, man"
,Recommended,236870,31937178,Posted: 24 May,all,BrozShock™,"When I started playing I thought this was the best Hitman game since Blood Money, by the time I finished I thought it was the best Hitman game period. Initially I was put off by the episodic format and held off on purchasing until I could get it all at once - I've since realized this is a game almost uniquely suited to a episodic release schedule because each level is absolutely packed to the hilt with things to do/challenges to complete/details to drink in etc. It's actually extremely overwhelming to have it ALL available right from the get go.Dumping a lot of the trashy sexualization prevalent in earlier games (such as the shower scene from Absolution), this is all about Agent 47 traveling to a variety of stunning locations where you're given a target or 2 to kill and maybe some kind of extra goal and then are largely left to do it in whatever way suits you. There are opportunities and challenges to guide and suggest, but the choices are ultimately left up to you and there is a huge amount of replay value (as my close to 200 hours of game time can attest).The loose connecting cutscenes tell a largely forgettable story that exist mostly as a framework to tie together 47's disparate targets/locations. It's well produced though and doesn't go completely overboard in the same way Absolution did.If you avoided this because of the episodic format or the fact it's a single-player game that wants you to connect to a server, I recommend giving it a shot. It didn't sell well and apparently there won't be a season 2, so sadly for now this is as good as it gets. Happily, it gets VERY good indeed."
,Recommended,236870,24990342,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MEME NAME,"Its good and fun, just wish the optimization was better. If there was a option to recommend this game a bit instead of 100% yes or no, I would say its in the middle ground"
,Recommended,236870,30659249,Posted: 21 March,all,Option,"I've played them all, and In my opinion, this is the best Hitman to date - better than Blood Money, better than Contracts, better than Absolution.This is Hitman perfected."
,Recommended,236870,32559439,Posted: 19 June,all,Chronic,"Lots of different scenarios to assassinate your targets. If you're looking for a good story, then this isn't the game for you. Assassination is at its finest in this game."
,Recommended,236870,32513180,Posted: 17 June,all,Derky,"I was very upset about the episodic release at first, but I've always loved Hitman so I gave it a go after a couple episodes had been released. The game is great. I would still prefer a dozen smaller maps for more variety, but these maps are HUGE and full of secrets and special ways to kill your targets. I enjoyed exploring every map and learning everything I could about them.Pros:- Great graphics- Great performance- Huge maps- Tons of interactions on the maps- contracts give the game infinite replayability- Decent story- Lots of unlockables- Illusive contracts are awesome and intenseCons:- Episodic releases (all episodes are out now)- Poor a.i.- Stealth can be finicky at times- Always online- Illusive contracts can be a major let down when you only have 1 chance at them and something very important isn't explained and you die within 5 seconds because you walk into the target's bodyguard's range in an area that is usually free to walk through, because they're in the middle of a god**** hotel lobby, but they blow your brains out all over the floor and you realize that you can never attempt this mission again and you have to wait a month or two before you can try the next one and it ruins your entire weekend..."
,Recommended,236870,33750204,Posted: 23 July,all,FockinJoe,best serial killer simulator ever 10/10
76561198144177018,Recommended,236870,28014004,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Farfull,"This is an online game. If you go into the game with this awareness than I do not believe you can ""take points off"" for it being an online game.With that out of the way this is Hitman in the puresest sense. Level design is top notch, the settings bring me back to the blood money days. Running on an i7@ 3.5 MSI 180 w/ 16 gigs it looks amazing and runs flawlwssly. The assasination targets are interesting, chalaging and killing them does move the story along.  As far as the ""episodic content"" goes I played the training mission and waited for all episodes to release. Just a personal preference, it was nice knowing the levels were there for me if I wanted to play them.One of the things this game lacks is dificuliy options. Messing with the settings works OK, but I feel there was just something missing here. The overarching story is vagugely memorable at best. 47 is still himself for better or worse. The level paths can feel a little heavy handed at times, but there are so manny ways to eliminate the targets I will play this through a few times.All in all if you are looking for a stealthy assasination game with a stellar engine. Buy this. As long as the servers stay up of course ;)"
76561198079504035,Recommended,236870,33665025,Posted: 19 July,all,buddhasferret,"While Hitman's release was rocky, its buggy as hell, and the game for now is short as hell, its still more fun than any other stealth game I've played. It keeps your attention by creating lovely maps and supplying plenty of horrifying or hilarious methods to ""assassinate"" your targets. It appeals to both audiences, the tryhard, restart immediately, silent assassin gamers and the ""I'm going to kill everyone on the map with a can of spaguetti"" people. With IO now independent I hope to love season 2 as much as I loved murdering every npc in season 1."
,Recommended,236870,33709533,Posted: 21 July,all,Young Cash Register,Not Hitman: Absolution10/10
,Recommended,236870,33738133,Posted: 23 July,all,snap (out of it),"The game feels a bit short for the main story, but it definitely has a lot of replayability. Plenty of ways to kill your targets."
,Recommended,236870,27730451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BaconHound,An outstanding game!
,Recommended,236870,27738421,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RabbidMoose,What HITMAN should be!Even tough it has i'ts flaws Hitman is a great game.
,Recommended,236870,27734259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wykydtron <SF>,It's Blood Money 2. I haven't played the final mission but up to Colorado they've all been great. Paris and Sapienza were my favorites. My only complaint is that I wish there were some more items they had from Blood Money and the same level of customization the guns had in that game.
,Recommended,236870,28074436,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,inlajns,"*Finds expired can of soup*Prepares dinner*Puts rat posion in soup*Serves soup to target*Target feels sick*Target decides to go to the cliffside*He throws up on the civilians*ME to the resque!*Goes behind him, preparing to push*Realizes he can kill this man with with an expired can of soup*Kills man with soup*Feels good about himself*Mission acomplishedAnd then i play Hitman and do it all again"
,Recommended,236870,28355983,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,CyDok,"I have put around 15 hours into the game. I've played through the first two episodes and plan on buying the third. While the episodic change is diffrent. I like it. It allows me to buy a map and play through and explore without the temptation to rush on to the next story. While I would like offline tracking-dropping me from the game because my PC losing network connection is annoying. If you've a reliable network connection you shouldn't have problems.Online contracts are fun but wish there was more customization. You pick and NPC and a few other rules and that's about it. Wish I could edit events, or locations with a map editor.Story is enjoyable. Like gravy to the meat and potatoes of the game. Simple and in the background.Overall if you enjoy stealth games, achievement hunting, and Hitman, you'll enjoy this new chapter for the series."
76561198066881017,Recommended,236870,22779753,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AnimalLecter,"Im running windows 10. I have an AMD rig(FX-8370 w/ Sapphire Tri-X R9 280x). I have 16gb of memory. I have a Samsung EVO 850 500gb SSD. My OS is on another SSD. With that out of the way I feel like DX 12 should run and it does for awhile but the game will always freeze so Im stuck on DX 11 for now. Even with DX 11 I still get about 95 to 112 fps. Game should have been way more polished before release. I like the game and its fun to play. Other than the DX 12 problem it runs great for me. Dont like it being episodic but I knew that before I bought the game. Paris was OK. Sapienza is really fun and i like it better than the showstopper mission. Looking foward to more. I have to recommend this game because personally, I dont have any issues software wise with it other than the DX 12 thing. So yeah."
,Recommended,236870,22896865,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ok,"This game is fun, reminds me how much fun i had with mgs5 on my console (i didnt mgs on pc cus my bro already bought it on ps4 so i thought why waste money)-This game is not complete yet, but already you have alot of things to do in the 2 episodes (completing challengs)-I suggest waiting until you think its the best time to purchase or when it finishesExcuse me, I will be going now... getting a disguise and putting rat poison on my target's KFC, so I can drown him."
76561198028508815,Recommended,236870,22730971,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,PatrickB,Havent had any problems and I loved the maps once I turned off oportunities.
,Recommended,236870,22779380,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CAA Agent Kanna,"The game is fully functinal but requires some optmization or more graphic options, the new release model is not a good idea to start with no wonder people didn't pre-order till the pie chart shown the episodes you will get with each month and It sayed that italy and morrco is in april but we only get italy the first promise broken not a good start. was next delaying the next episodes! 1 every 2 months.it's story is unclear but im sure it will be come clear in the next few episodes the mechanics are okey but I prefer the old fiber-wire mechanic. so think of it this way hitman absolution meets blood money. the options to kill each target is sometimes funny and creative but we've seen most of it before like dropping a chandlia on the target. the challage level system thingy I didn't expect that! whats wrong with the blood-money level/ money gain system was great why remove it?overal the score is a disapointing 4/10(not inculeding the broken promises)release model:http://static1.gamespot.com/uploads/original/43/434805/2944261-6763874047-13304.jpgor visit:https://hitman.com/en-gb/news/hitman-release-details"
,Recommended,236870,22822041,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Prof. Blargenth,"This is definitely an interesting direction for the series. A sequential episodic release system is something only seen by telltale and their adventure games. But its allowing for much larger and more diverse levels. Allowing for multiple scenarios of murder and infiltration. As well as offering extra side mission woven into the diversity of the levels.I definitely recommend this game. Its not exactly an early access considering each level released is fully fleshed out and bug free. But at the same time it is in that you get to play the levels already finished before they are all included. But buy it now, or buy it later, its still going to be, and is an amazing game."
,Recommended,236870,22825934,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hedgefield,"Really enjoyable game with tons of replay value, even in the first two episodes. Locations are much bigger than the previous games in the series, and the episodic model really encourages exploration and trying different thing. And oh man there are so many things to try! I would have never tried all the ways of assassination or explore every floor of every building if it had just been a normal full-length game. Good job IO, this is a good contender for my GOTY 2016 so far. Looking forward to more levels."
,Recommended,236870,22905673,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,perfectvolta67,"bought all six episodes indiviually...  paid more money..  don't get bonus episodes.  Kinda mad about that, but can't call it a bad game."
76561198033348701,Recommended,236870,22916412,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ranulph_Drywell,"Enjoying it quite a bit, although as I never played any entry of the franchise, I can only gauge Hitman on its own merit. The level design is quite decent and deep, with multiple solutions to any given problem. The performance on my GTX 770 is pretty decent in spite of the hefty system requirements. The levels are full of life and the environments are beatufilly rendered. Sapienza is a particular highlight though I find that Paris is not too far behind. The major caveat for me is the absurd always online DRM. I was already kicked out several times of a game for losing server connectivity, and in a couple of instances, just as I was finishing the level. Needless to say this was sort of infuriating, and more than a little frustrating. This is abosolutely pointless, as I would have thought beuying the game through Steam should be enough for DRM purposes."
76561197997421946,Recommended,236870,22769225,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,moz9rt-art,"6/10. its actually a 10, but if servers dont work, everything you unlock cant be used, such as snipers, hidden items, different starting points to help with assassination feats.Honestly, its reeeeediculous. 47 outta talk to ica about eidos interactive, i think they been invaded by drm protocol. Like give me a break son"
,Recommended,236870,22774508,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ragnadox,"This is the Hitman I've wanted all along!There are so many ways to accomplish each task.Totally non-linear. Disguise yourself as almost anyone.Be sneaky. Find secrets. It's fun!!There are a couple semi-annoying bugs, but they are minor.It only happens when you save and restore a lot.I actually like that they are releasing the levels one at a time.It forces me to reply the levels and learn all the cool stuff to do there.Every time I replay a level, it's completely different.If you like Hitman, get this one. It's the best by far :)"
,Recommended,236870,22776731,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Akator,dont get this  just dont they realease it in parts  who are you sega or ea i made a grave mistake levels are good but they make you pay 40 euro for 2 levels and levels that are yet too come
,Recommended,236870,22898608,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[E12] rickyfox,"Until the point of me writing this review I have played this game for 27.6 hours. I generally enjoyed the game so far, playing every location that is currently available multiple times. The challenges and the contracts mode does add a lot of replay value to the levels if you're into exploring different possibilites to reach your goal.Although I'm not necessarily a fan of the incremental release of the different locations I'm glad I bought the game and had a lot of fun with it since."
,Recommended,236870,22909153,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Wolf,"This isn't going to be paragraphs of why the game is good and why I reccomended it. I'm just gonna sum it up quickly.This game is what you want to play if you liked Hitman Blood Money. Aka, an actual fan of the hitman games. It's great, it's still got hints of absolution in it but it's 8/10 on the absolution to blood money scale.And of course I have to address why this game has so many negative reviews. Online. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not gonna defend it at all, it's obviously awful to put online only on a single player game. If you are offline, doing missions doesn't do anything, challenges don't get unlocked, new items don't save. That sort of thing. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you loose internet connection mid mission, and you can not recconnect, RIP.I can say though, I bought the full experience because 7 episodes of bigger missions then what I played in the beta was something I had to have. And after playing both Paris and Sapeinza, I can confirm that it's already worth the money I spent because it has such great replayability. And I am gonna get 5 more of these giant maps to play around in? Sold."
,Recommended,236870,23105949,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Teodor The Light of Dawn,As I said before if they fix the bug I would give them a positive review. The game is really good it's the game i wanted to play after Blood Money. Good Job IO!
,Recommended,236870,23312580,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MAN BEAR PIG,after absolution i felt really sad the way that game turned hitman into a shooting game removing the core aspects of hitman but this one brings those elements back. sure it might not be a true successor to silent assassin or blood money but it is a good hitman game.
,Recommended,236870,22773356,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Muck Jay,"Honestly I'm not all that fussed about the episodic thing, and my internet connection is thankfully stable enough to not make the always online thing a problem (it's still a bad thing, don't get me wrong... just thankful to be one of the lucky ones).On that note, I've had a lot of fun with this so far. I loved the size and extravagance of the Paris level, and how you can use a fashion show as part of your arsenal to take out your targets in interesting ways. And Sapienza, wow... the scope and variety in that coastal arena and the way one area transitions into another is sublime. Controls feel really good to me, looks great, plays like a modern upgrade to the classic Blood Money. I'm having a blast."
76561198018600022,Recommended,236870,22779816,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Kashyyyk's Finest,"Okay, yes there have been some bugs for some people and the online DRM would be irritating if you don't have a stable internet connection, but..... the game itself.... IS BLOODY AWESOME. (pun intended)- Back to Blood Money open world planning and stalking- Fantastic design filled with SO MUCH content (in each individual level)- Have played each level out currently 15+ times and still finding new mechanics or opportunities- It looks Beautiful- Immense replayabilityAlthough it's episodic I'm not mad about that, reason being it makes me put the time into each level that it deserves, I mean if it was all out at once I'd probably play each level maybe 3 times before I just wanna see and play the next one. This way I'm forced to put the time into each level that again, they truely do deserve, so much content.Conclusion: If you dont have issues with internet connection and like Hitman (or even if you don't) - GET IT. One of the best games out this year already and it's only got 2 levels so far. Impressive."
,Recommended,236870,22781262,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dick Shaney,"This game is really enjoyable, but at the moment it kind of feels unfinished. I kinda like the business model, but at the moment theres only 2 story missions (as of early May, 2016) not including the tutorial. It's really fun, but it feels a bit empty and they're trying to fill the gaps with the challenge missions. Still recommend if you can afford it."
76561198090683672,Recommended,236870,33891601,Posted: 29 July,all,mahclark,"Hitman is my favourite video game series that I have ever played. This is my favourite game in the series. It has so much depth. This game expertly closes the gap between you and Agent 47 - the game design and mechanics makes you feel as skillful as the man you are playing as. That is, in my opinoin, the underlying reason for this game being so great."
76561198006745395,Recommended,236870,32630246,Posted: 21 June,all,HankMorgan,"I don't like the episodic bit; but, this Hitman (for me) surpasses Blood Money. That's really saying something."
,Recommended,236870,33218399,Posted: 4 July,all,Zekotay,I have never liked the Hitman series. For some reason I bought this one because it was on sale. I absolutely love it. I will be playing this for a long long time. BUY THE SEASON! The other maps and missions are so good and get better and better as you go
76561198062305279,Recommended,236870,33217245,Posted: 3 July,all,Senpai!,"ProsGreat Hitman sandbox, better than Absolution. Lots of ways to master every level and try different approaches. Many contracts to pick from, elusive targets to attempt and escalation gauntlets. Hopefully, season 2 will be on par.ConsSome AI issues with detection, Gunplay is not very fluid so steakth approach is preferred for mission success."
,Recommended,236870,33209064,Posted: 3 July,all,ThugLesch,Very nice and fun game with top graphics.
76561198137423222,Recommended,236870,33210752,Posted: 3 July,all,NtR,♥♥♥♥♥so good 9/11
76561198099269625,Recommended,236870,28110533,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Defiant Mercy,"My review as of finishing Episode 4. I will split this between technical stuff like the DRM and then gameplay. Gameplay, if that's all you want, is the second section.Section 1: Overall Score and DRMI would ignore the ""overall"" score and stick purely with the most recent. The majority of the complaints it looks like when it first released were because of the strong DRM presence.Since I started playing I haven't encountered one issue with the DRM when before they said it disconnected all the time. So that appears to be fixed. One thing to mention about this is if you start a game in online mode and go offline, or vice versa, you can not access it in the opposite mode. I'm always online so I don't really care about this. But I know some people do. The game has plenty of auto save moments and you can save whenever you want so you shouldn't have to worry about losing any game data if a disconnection does happen. A few minutes at most.Section 2: GameplayThis is the first Hitman game I've played, so I can't base it on any others, but I have very much enjoyed the game. Each epsiode (as of mission 4) sets you up to assassinate two targets. You have MANY different ways to eliminate each target. As a few examples you can go in and shoot your target in the head if you want, choke him out and throw him over a ledge, drowned him, or even set up many different ""accidents"" to happen to the person. Always everyway you can assassinate someone is listed in your journal and they are checked upon completion. When you redo the mission they retain the check so you know what you have and haven't done.Each mission has a mastery level, up to level 20, and you gain experience towards your level for that mission by completing objectives and feats in the mission. The unlock things that are specific to that mission, weapons, and equipment you can take on any mission. A sniper rifle that I unlocked after the first episode can be taken with me on any other mission, not just the first one.There are also contracts that you can complete, or make yourself, to add some fun to the game. First there are the escalation contracts that have 5 levels of difficulty to them. Each new level adds some new difficulty to it. As an example, if you are required to assassinate some worker wearing a security guard outfit, you can only wear the outfit once AND you can only wear it for 60 seconds after you put it on. So you have to time when you wear it properly.Then there are the player created contracts. Basically you go in and kill certain NPCs that aren't considered ""crowd NPCs"" and upon finishing the mission they are labeled as the targets which you can save and upload for other players to do. I haven't played around with this so excuse me if I'm a little incorrect but it should be right.I would give the game a strong 8/8.5 out of 10. It's a very fun game and the replay value is very high. You will not see every possible oppertunity in one playthrough, unless you know them all then you might, but if you are one of those people that likes to complete everything it will take multiple times to get them all.Timewise after each mission it's taken me about an hour and 15 minutes, so it says, but that number isn't 100% accurate. Since I've never played the game I've made dozens of reloads or I reload just to see something else that might happen. I would save I spent about 3 hours per mission. Trying to find oppertunities you haven't done, without cheating, could potentially add even more time. Some oppertunities are timed while others are not.I picked the game up on sale and it's definitely been worth it. Because of the potential replay value if you like completing all oppertunities I would save it's worth the full price. But I'll leave that up to you.Thanks for reading. Any questions about the game so far feel free to post a reply."
,Recommended,236870,28106474,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Keatsmachine,Got the complete first season on sale. Been a huge fan of the series since Hitman 2. This could possibly be the best one yet. I little bit easier then some of the old ones so a good place to start the series.
,Recommended,236870,33868783,Posted: 28 July,all,Kasser,+ Very detailed levels+ Multiple kill scenarios+ NPC acts more believable compared to previous Hitman games+ Very replayable- Generic Soundtracks (a shame that Jesper Kyd is not on this game)- Not a lot of levels
76561198162549071,Recommended,236870,23197332,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Slams,"I'm guessing a lot of people had issues with the game at Launch, being a red blooded Hitman Fan, i gave the intro Pack a Try to test the waters and was pleasantly supprised how well made and fun the game is unlike the weird Hitman Abs-solution, and now having played episode 2... i can't wait for episode 3! This game is so much fun and replay-wise it's good too!I recommend this game as it's A REAL Hitman GAME!!!I'd like to see a Gun collection feature however like in Blood Money..."
,Recommended,236870,34007818,Posted: 3 August,all,-L-,Probably one of the best games I've ever played in my 25+ years of gamin.
76561198049128605,Recommended,236870,34015047,Posted: 4 August,all,Galahad,One of my most satisfying purchases. My only gripe with it is because I bought the game too late I missed all the Elusive Targets and can't unlock the cool suits.
76561198040441754,Recommended,236870,21792015,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Braunegger,"Nothing to say, this game's Amazing!"
,Recommended,236870,33440973,Posted: 10 July,all,NelyL,Awesome game! : )
76561198065936730,Recommended,236870,33420245,Posted: 9 July,all,Private_McArthur,"I almost gave a thumbs down to this game because of the f..... denuvo always online bulls..t, who was the imbecile who had this idea ? So you come home late from work, time to play some game and if the internet gets disconnect you get screwed with it...Another very disappointing aspect of the game are the weapons ... Man, what a sad sad thing to see when you compare with the old installments of the game, even the codename 47, 17 years ago had a much better weapon system !!!! Why can't we visualize a 3D model and customize the weapons ?, from all the options available i didn't use anyone but the 1911 silverballer, all other weapons had a very strange design and skins to it. If this was some sort of minimalist bullcrap, you better cut it !!!!Another negative point are the npc's weapons, no matter where you are in the world they use the same pistols, smgs and rifles...Now for the good part !I recommend this game primarily for the astounding level design, the attention to details was more than great !!! I think the only thing that beat these scenarios are the 2D ones from resident evil 2 ... Very nice job !Game play is amazing, you can easily spend 10hrs in each level just to reach level 20 and unlock the professional difficulty, so there's a lot of replay value. So launching the game in episodes actually makes sense.There is a very interesting and intriguing backstory too, the IOI team also managed to make some references to the old hitman games as well, which is a sign that they are very passionate about their Hitman universe !Overall a very good game !"
,Recommended,236870,33423588,Posted: 9 July,all,Uncle Vlad,"This is a fantastic Stealth action game and one of the best in the series, up there with Blood Money. It takes all the best elements of Absolution and blends them with the best elements of Blood Money. While I liked Absolution, it was certainly the weakest in the series. It's also a good starting point for newcomers, because while it doesn't hold your hand, it gives you optional markers for assasination oppotunities. A heavily customizable game, many of the features can be turned off or on similar to the 2014 Thief game. This game is a must for fans of the series or of the stealth genre.Pros:-Replaybility-Customization-Immersive enviroments-Weapon and death variety-Endless play style possibilities-Manual saves instead of checkpoints (Never put checkpoints in a stealth game)-Graphics and optimization, (game looks great even on low settings)Cons:-Episodic structure (I waited till all the levels were released before buying because Square Enix can go f**k themselves)-No Human shields (A staple since Blood Money)-Lack of variety in voice acting (Same few actors, all with either British, American or Australian accents, no matter what location you are in-game)-Some of the gun sound effects are lacking, the assault rifles and SMGs sound like toys-Relatively short story (Only 6 levels + 4 Bonus missions that just use the same locations, here's to hoping for a season 2)"
,Recommended,236870,27971368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dreyzie,Hitman 2016 is slowly on track to becoming my favorite game in the series; right next to Blood Money and Contracts. Most of the issues that affected the game at launch have now been fixed. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,236870,28065259,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PavoolonD,"HITMAN™ is a return to greatness after a complete misunderstanding and mistake known as Hitman: AbsolutionHITMAN™ is a return to greatness after a complete misunderstanding and mistake known as Hitman: AbsolutionProsBig maps offering you pretty much as many ways of killing your targets as your imagination allows, for hte less imaginative there are ""opportunities"" an addition with varying degree of spoon feeding the player information on how to approach the targets in order to make them meet their doom.In options you can Turn them to one of three settings1. Full (shows you exactly what to do, step by step, with a marker in the UI)2. Minimal (shows you what to do, but doesn't say how to accomplish that)3. Off (self-explanatory - you need to find it yourself)Contracts are back,  (the only good thing to come out from Absolution), it has been improved further, now you can select up to 5 targets and specify the kill conditions for them.Instinct can be turned off and is now only used to highlight object in the environment and see targets moving through walls.Disguises work as they should fooling everyone but a few more perceptive NPC (i.e. Hotel manager will know everyone of his employees, so would a chef with every cook in his kitchen)Cons:Not the greatest optimization*Always OnlineAs of November Patch It's being reduced to working just like steam does, when it's offline for whatever reason you retain the access to all your unlocks, but you cannot unlock anything more while the game's offline.(Servers are very stable, and go offline less frequently than Steam's do)A few bugs here and there, the most severe one being NPC's having ""X-ray vision"" in certain cases."
76561198048479665,Recommended,236870,33921943,Posted: 31 July,all,the-red-dragon,"""Welcome to the World of Assassination""I had such a large gap between Absolution and this Hitman game. But I bought this game while the summer sale was going on and just love the game. The soundtrack,levels,story, and even characters are very well done. Repeating the same mission more then once doesn't feel like a bother because of the many ways you can complete said mission. I have been a Hitman fan since Absolution and I can say this game does a great job at what it does and I look forward to season 2."
,Recommended,236870,28073024,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lorde,"Always onine is an awful, awful feature and it demonstrates an out of touch approach to modern gaming. That said, it's a pretty solid entry to the series, featuring three of the best levels of all the games (Paris, Sapienza and Hokkaido).Not quite Blood Money 2.0, but a damn sight closer than Absolution.8/10"
76561198046727265,Recommended,236870,33253897,Posted: 4 July,all,JuliusSeizure,"Absolutely loving it there are just so many ways to kill targets on every map there is so much replaybility the mechanics, maps, are so gooood esp Hokkaido just can't stop playing on that map it's such a beautiful map defenitely recommend it the dev's have really done a great job with this man there are sometimes a few hiccups with servers but still it's a 9/10 for me."
76561198034302061,Recommended,236870,33268245,Posted: 5 July,all,Flower,"Honestly this game is very good. multiple ways to complete missions, and fixed every problem I've ever had with the hitman series. I was able to get silent assassin on the Paris mission with no alerts and outfit changes, felt good."
76561198275254057,Recommended,236870,33269544,Posted: 5 July,all,YoBroGaming,"It's a good game, you have many maps and you need to be creative in the game.The story is very interesting and you can do many things."
,Recommended,236870,33250276,Posted: 4 July,all,imTacticalTurtle,"Yes.Absolutely F***ing yes.Levels are amazing, full of ways to complete the mission.Collectables, side things to do, activites, timed targets, community missions.YES, THIS GAME IS AMAZING"
,Recommended,236870,28499567,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Slamfire,Well designed (if few) levels. Runs well and looks good.Sometimes weird AI.Must be online to play special level variants and to gain experience which unlocks toys for your loadout. Standard levels available offline.No longer uses Denuvo! Hooray!
,Recommended,236870,32603640,Posted: 20 June,all,🦇SpookyPhoenix🦇,"I've always had qualms about the episodic nature of this game but now that the entirety of Season 1 has been released I have nothing to stop me from recommending this game. This is a definate return to the Hitman we all know and love from back in the day and now with IO Interactive retaining the rights to this game, I strongly believe that they'll be able to push this game in the right direction."
76561198009339842,Recommended,236870,32039940,Posted: 29 May,all,mcoig,The thinking man's game
76561198055504691,Recommended,236870,30426841,Posted: 10 March,all,Nessius,I killed my target in a plague doctor costume on a golf course and drove off in a speedboat10/10
76561198140109311,Recommended,236870,32049054,Posted: 29 May,all,96 model michael jordan,nice
,Recommended,236870,32636860,Posted: 22 June,all,Erotoko,"Finally, after all those Square-Enix shenanigans, IO Interactive has been set free.Forget the Denuvo crapshow, forget the episodic cash-grubbing, forget the 'always on' big bro watching you, now IOI has the full control over how this game works.As for the game itself, if you enjoy blood money, this game should be at your turf. full-on exploration, less annoying scripted sequence, 'somehow open-world' but slightly more focused & none of that cluttered ubisoft sht. gameplay is way better overall since blood money and if you played this series since codename 47, you totally should turn off all those help, notification & guidance: it changes the entire experience, those unecessary hand-holding are hinderance pushed by square-enix to attract mainstream audience to this weird, clunky & charismatic bond game we never had.Be aware that the game itself is very buggy on <2012 era hardware, you might wanted newer rig as this game is too polished for niche & hardcore fanbase. most of the fans didn't give a sht about graphics and prefer more content update so that this very game has been marketting disaster since the very beginning. don't sell your games to the audience who had no single interest in your game. just appeal to core audience only, they'll the only one worth give a dmn about your game in the first place.Once you played the 'first season' (6 stage), you'll probably noticed this game exceptionally fun on simpler & less hyperbolic level such as sapienza or hokkaido, don't get me wrong: the marrakesh & colorado stages are fun as well but the intensity of the stage reminds me of absolution where most of the time, there are less creative freedom & strategy as well as playing style variety (you just run around linear path most of the time!). the paris stage & bangkok are so lukewarm and you might as well just put old hitman stage from previous game and people'll enjoy it better.Should you buy this game now? yes. Square-enix might've butcher this game beyond believe, but still... IO interactive still  dedicated to this franchise, after all those years of publisher♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up the fun."
,Recommended,236870,33816444,Posted: 26 July,all,MrSajm0n,i likeyonly have to kill bad peoplenot like gta wher ur forcd to kill prostituts to collect your money back
,Recommended,236870,32717127,Posted: 24 June,all,Sayake,"Having never played a Hitman game before, I'm now convinced I have missed out on some great games. Saw a few of these opportunities being done on a youtube channel and was hooked.It's fun to have so many possibilities you get to complete each mission/opportunity and being able to unlock more as you play, big maps to explore and the game looks pretty good in itself.The always online DRM is kinda silly for a full single player game but I have not had any connection issues so far like some have in the other reviews. The missions being sold per episode is also weird but games coming in ""episodes"" is currently a thing which will have to pass like others. I bought the whole season in 1 go though. (don't think you can buy them separate anymore now?)I am enjoying this game so I do recommend it but it's up to you whether you want always-online in your game."
76561198048577492,Recommended,236870,26899449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BBC World News Official,"This game is really good. It has never crashed on me and the DRM is not as bad as people make it out to be. If you don't like this game on princible that's fine, but it is a great game. It looks amazing, it might be a little too easy at time but the diffculty scales with the challenges you give yourself. If you pruchase all the levels there is plenty to do and plenty of time to spend in the game. After my 90 hours of play I haven't even touched the last two levels and I can't wait to play more!"
,Recommended,236870,34029514,Posted: 4 August,all,Big Foot,102 hours and I have only completed all the challenges on one of the levels excluding Pro Mode.That just shows how much hours can be put into this game.
,Recommended,236870,34151934,Posted: 10 August,all,succ,"Used to play the old Hitman games on PS2 when I was young, and thought the IP was dead when Absolution came out.  Then this came along and revitalised everything for me.  It reminds me so much of the old games, whilst having all the necessary upgrades you would expect from a new title.Absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone, veterans of the series and rookies alike.  I have played 34 hours of it at the time of writing this, and I'm only about 70% done with the first level (that's including escilation challenges), so their claim of '100s of hours' is very realistic.Bring on season 2."
76561198008996211,Recommended,236870,27767488,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Strabo,"While this game might have issues, it is not perfect, but I have spent more hours playing this game than 95% of other games I buy.  To me, the value is amazing.  I have not been sorry I bought the full package on day 1."
,Recommended,236870,32340861,Posted: 11 June,all,Joek,Stealth 95% of a mission...then get spoted by a gardener.FML
,Recommended,236870,32347448,Posted: 11 June,all,ChongTheBong,*Goes in stealth**Sees person**Chokes the life out of them**puts them in closet**sick of stealth starts to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up*10/10 would stealth again
,Recommended,236870,32347818,Posted: 11 June,all,edinefin,"Probably the best in the series, and the DRM isn't enough to bring this game down"
,Recommended,236870,32348284,Posted: 11 June,all,__superuser__,Innovative gameplay experience
,Recommended,236870,32391486,Posted: 13 June,all,ahmadgebdu,"At first, I was skeptical about the new episodic way of Hitman game. I was stuck with the Paris mission for several months (believe me, it took some time to understand game mechanics like opportunities) and the stage did not seem real, rather seemed like a simulated stage. And I totally abandoned the game. In recent times, I gave it another go, and this time I am liking the game a lot. There are a lot of inside stories to find. There are many dialogues hidden here and there which make the world so believable. There are so many challenges for a mission, so many tiny things to look for. I was amazed to see the depth of the Paris mission.Because of the last title Hitman Absolution, story focus was higher in Hitman games, but we look back to the root, Hitman game was just like this. Yes, it may get slightly boring to kill the same person over and over again with different methods, but the real fun is in doing different kinds of accidental kills. There are many little details (I wish I could spoil a few, but it is better to find out yourselves) which can be found during 10th replay may be. I am now only in the second stage, and may there 5+5 ways to kill two targets. But I am trying to know about the target individual, what they do, how they act, we can always garrote and poison someone, but the real fun is to search the stage and find out how two accidental kills can be done.As a hitman lover from the age old Codename 47, I would highly recommend this game. And I would highly recommend playing every stage taking a lot of time, listening to many dialogues by the NPCs and find out tiny details about the characters and the environment. Then you can truly appreciate this excellent game."
,Recommended,236870,32419340,Posted: 14 June,all,rick ross' necklace,This is the best hitman for some time. It's got some excellent gameplay and I can't wait to keep playing it.
76561197982924780,Recommended,236870,32143329,Posted: 2 June,all,dairydog91,"HITMAN is a return to the style of Blood Money, not Absolution. That is, it is no longer a game which rams you into small levels and forced situations in the name of plot, and is instead satisfied with being a series of lavish, sprawling murder playgrounds stitched together with an easily-ignored plot. And god DAMN is this GREAT.While the episodic format isn't necessarily how I'd like a game to be released, every one of the six episodes is a gem in the Blood Money tradition. These levels are large, complex, gorgeously-detailed areas which you can exploit in thousands of different ways. I think every level stands in its own way at, and usually above, the standards set by Blood Money.Take Sapienza, an absolutely beautiful Italian coastal town. There's a church, gardens, tourists wandering through restaurants and shops, and a huge, lavish mansion with a chemical weapons lab in the basement. The game gives you the objective (Kill two scientists and destroy a vial) and dumps you into the action. Maybe I'll play it conservative and just keep breaking into apartments until I find a guard's uniform, then do a standard infiltration of the guard patrols. Or I'll steal some reefers from the neighborhood hippie and just get the targets stoned enough to wander away from their bodyguards. Or I'll dress up like a cook, slip some bad tomato sauce into the target's favorite Bolognese sauce, and take advantage of his subsequent puking episode by following him into the bathroom and drowning him in the toilet. Or I'll play his psychiatrist and end the session with a Silverballer prescription. Or exploit his mommy issues by entrancing him with old family videos on a projector, and then interrupt his reverie by slashing his throat with a circumcision knife. Or dress up like a gardener and start Fargoing everybody in a mulcher. Or dress up like the other target's lover, lure her to a secret love nest, and bash her skull in with a golf club while she's enjoying a glass of wine. This is a madcap murder theme park par excellance.And so replayable! Unlike Blood Money, this time certain actions earn you points, which unlock new items, weapons, and starting locations. Starting in a new location in a new costume, not to mention changing techniques in order to get more points, gives each level extensive replay value. The addition of a climbing mechanic opens up plenty of possibilities, allowing 47 to scuttle up and down buildings at will. The intuition system broadens your ability to calculate what you can and cannot do in any particular situation or disguise, while the combat seems have been beefed up to emphasize stealthy assassinations over gunfights. In addition, the points/achievement system forces you out of following a single kill pattern, challenging you to instead find different ways to dispose of the same target.As far as gaming experiences go, this is a 10/10. It's a series of spectacular, open-ended homicide playgrounds stitched together by a plot which can be ignored completely if you wish, which was just what I was looking for."
,Recommended,236870,22240925,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rye,Update: After adding the content this game is very enjoyable and well worth the wait with so many things to do in each level. Great work so far
,Recommended,236870,28304579,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Aquarius,"I've had a lot of fun with this game, it's definitely a return to form. I enjoyed the game but Sapienza and Hokkaido really stood out as great levels. Some of the levels have costume challenges which are a lot of fun to play with, it has some really funny moments and some really crazy ways to kill the targets. I really enjoyed the challenges each map offered, It has a ton of replayability; the main thing everyone wants in a Hitman game. It has both manual saving and autosaving for you to work with.Unfortunately the AI is not exactly the smartest but there's lots of room for improvement which I hope IOI concentrates on for the next season. Performance wise it could be better, some maps run very smooth and others not so smooth, mostly in very specific parts. The graphics are nice but Hitman is not really a game where graphics are paramount.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I will say however the DRM is over the top and I understand why people would skip this game for that reason as well as episodic release method. The game disconnected me a few times which was annoying. A recent patch has allowed you to use your unlocks offline, however you still have to be online to actually unlock them. Hopefully Squenix/IOI tone that aspect down some for the next season."
76561198215919127,Recommended,236870,22775055,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,nadaras,"i feel like this needs to be said. this game is like the best of blood money and the best of absalution in 1 very solid game (both gamplay and visual wise). however i do think that if you did not like blood money because of its gameplay, i would not get this game but it is only £11 so u can try it and see 4 yourself. i have played paris not sapienza and i fined it both chalengeing and rewarding. i am not saying its perfect but if u liked blood money go get this game, you wont regret it.(edit) ok so hears the thing, get it on ps4 if u can. i recently got the whole game on ps4 for 18 pounds and i must say it is a much bettrer experience, sapienza is really dificult so if u like that then thats a great mission. the game is longer than youd expect as the maps are HUGE. there is a xp system for every map that goes up to 20 however on my first run of sapienza i managed to get to 9 with about 1 10th of the bar left. i would  recomend at full price any day"
,Recommended,236870,33232665,Posted: 4 July,all,aTe,Great game. Offers so many different ways to play so it really does keep you entertained for a while.
,Recommended,236870,28023077,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Superhans,"One of the best Hitman games, if not the best."
,Recommended,236870,28024909,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wvu_ftw,I knocked a guy out with a can of spaghetti sauce. Enough said.
,Recommended,236870,28029053,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,V.4.7,Maybe this game is not the only one being reviewed.
76561198018875816,Recommended,236870,28030087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dead Koala,A really great game for people who enjoy playing thrugh a level multiple times. Every time you get better discover new ways to kill a target and complete the may challenges the Devs set. There is almost always a new contract that you can find that you haven't done before. If you don't like playing levels through multiple times trying different things then this game is not for you and you will probably find it a shorter game then you expected.
76561198084713868,Recommended,236870,34509535,Posted: 26 August,all,Dr. Psyduck,"This is one of my favorite Hitman games ever, from how difficult some of the missions are to even how random you can complete them. After almost playing one hundred hours, I still have not come close to fully “completing"" it. If you enjoy killing people with a rubber duck, and escaping on a child’s toy, then this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,236870,34630060,Posted: 31 August,all,MhaNameRex,I think i should be a bald guy now..........agent 47 is cool when he's bald.......like all the time
76561197975067576,Recommended,236870,31387774,Posted: 26 April,all,Flammable,I've been playing hitman since hitman 2. This is the first version ported to Linux. If they were all ported I would buy them. This review is likely not helpful but...Hitman on Linux is a must have. :D
,Recommended,236870,28466797,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Anton - Viversion,Not once i've been disconnected from the server in my playtime.I've always loved Hitman: Blood Money and i think it was the best in the franchise - until now.There's a million ways you can apprehend a mission and the replay value is unbeatable.Definitely worth the price.
,Recommended,236870,33286575,Posted: 5 July,all,Via_Paradoxi,This game is totally a good buy for fans of the Hitman franchise or people who like stealth games.As someone who owns and have repeatedly played every Hitman game (except Absolution) i can say that this is the best Hitman game out there right now. I can't really find many negatives for the game except maybe they had to hire some more actors to do Russian and Italian accents and such because EVERY NPC either sounds American or British (except one Japanese character i think who sounds more..Japanese) If we could also assemble and disassemble the weapons (like a sniper rifle) from the ICA cases it would be more professional instead of having to ''drop'' them like other objects. Just these two small issues i guess. A must for Hitman fans!
76561198061760611,Recommended,236870,33291400,Posted: 5 July,all,khalel610,"The game is beautiful, challenging and addicting. It gives you a lot of opportunities to kill the same target in so many creative ways thus the replay value is very high.  Trying diffent disguises is so much fun to do. The worlds were unique and level designs were well created. I absolutely love the game. Its contents now is very good although I missed a lot of elusive targets since I only bought the game a few days ago. But considering the other challenges present, Hitman is worth my money. Now for the not so good part the inconsistent gameplay mechanics is something I'm not a fan of.  The oversensitive, Xray vision and head turning of NPCs totally annoys me. The accidental hand combat while trying to subdue is one of my least favorite thing in the game too. 40+hrs and  I still love and enjoy the game.  At first attempt just be ready to keep loading those save points because you will be spotted most of the time. Nevertheless I still recommend the game for those people who love stealth and agent 47."
76561198073136375,Recommended,236870,33768287,Posted: 24 July,all,nutz4pugz,I Extremely enjoy the game due to all the stupid things that can happen like killing half the population with a fire extinguisher or pushing/pulling 6 people off of ledges in a minute. Or playing it seriously and getting a silent assasin rating.The maps are extremely detailed as you have hundreds of NPCs on the screen at a time which can all be shot or strangled The maps are diverse and interesting and some provide a real challenge for Suit only The Ai is good enough and Serves it's purpose for being fun but also sometimes callenging.Something that i do think was implemented well was the mastery system as you had to Complete challenges to get new items that the agency could drop off. I know everyone complains about this but I really like it because it feels like im working towards something everytime i play the map again. I've pulled 2 all nighters with this game just trying to get Mastery level 20 for 2 maps and it isn't a grind because you are playing the game to get them. A very good game with a few drawbacks i cant think of off the top of my head But it's not for everyone.
76561198024479377,Recommended,236870,28410575,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Agent#Q,"This is my first Hitman game I have played so this based solely on my experience with this game. I loved the level design and development of replay ability.As much as I enjoyed the beautiful cutscenes after each level, it felt like there wasn't enough content to make this feel like an entire season.There is the problem that you must be online to play, but I currently haven't had any problems with connection.I would recommend this game a 8/10."
76561197976403189,Recommended,236870,33529012,Posted: 13 July,all,GRIM,"I love the game but some of the programming is horrible. Stupid missions where you have seven seconds to rearm with a pistol visble else you fail. I hear a bing bing bing a lot when I try to open the inventory. Hit guy in head with can, 3 seconds left, spamming inventory button, 2 seconds, keep spamming, 1 second... Failed to re-equip pistol in time... Come on IO, the inventory thing needs fixed if you are gonna have 7 second crap... I would say the biggest problem with the game on a PC is the keyboard interaction which has serious delays at times, for a company called IO, they really should be ashamed. The Physics Model is HORRIBLE making this is the most inconsistant POS I have ever played. The AI can act in extraordinarily strange ways. They might walk right past the coin you threw up onto a box a foot high then turn around to stoop to retrieve the coin, WTF?! This menu layout sucks. The escalation challenges that limit you on time should be in their own menu so those of us with better things to do than fight a sloppily implemented control configuration don't get 3/5 of the way through and then find out we have to deal with this bad portion of the game. Whose stupid idea was this. Is this an arcade game now?! I get enough work at work, when a game is nothing but work, it ceases to be fun. I hate the 7 second challenge, it is idiotic, there is no point to it and it serves no purpose at all. It is especially not fun when things don't work. People see bodies through doors and walls and floors on occasion. My favorite, you have 30 seconds in between speed run kills, but if you assassinate him/her with a pistol, you better have 3 seconds left 'cause laying the body down is included (I do love the speed-run challenge, though). Doorways that don't want to let you through. Open the door and sometimes you have to back up before you can proceed. Trying to holster when running sometimes causes you to stop running. These things have caused me lots of issues, multiple retries, and lost time. I would give the main game itself a 10, but with all these problems in escalations that should not exist an a game in 2016/17, I would be hard pressed to give it a 7. If the game were escalations alone, I would give it a 1. It is almost an unfinished product in its current state. A game is supposed to be fun, when it is nothing but an exercise in futility, it ruins the experience, makes you angry and not want to play anymore. This is why I never pay full price for a game, developers rarely deliver a finished product. They hope you'll pay full price anyway, even if they never fix it..."
,Recommended,236870,34989398,Posted: 15 September,all,[33rd]colonelberk,"I totally recommend this game because it has great graphics, a decent storyline and gives information about 47's past. But the instinct ability was much better in Absolution. The crouching animation is a little weird but It's all realistic because people get suspicious of you sometimes because of your actions, uniform etc. My favourite thing about this game that it has ""Challenges"". You unlock guns and starting points and etc. by completing challenges and once you've completed the game, trying to beat it with the Silent Assassin rating without changing your disguise. (Silent Assassin, Suit Only) There are also contracts which are fun (well not all but most of them are) and they give you a challenge. So if you love to play a stealth game with a lot of guns blazing and at the same time not alerting others and subduing men, while completing challenges to have fun or unlock guns, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,236870,27652273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jérome,"I don’t quite understand why this game receives mixed reviews here, with only 64 % positive. I agree that always-online DRM is a questionable business practice and may be criticized, but it gave me no trouble, I was always connected promptly and stably. And apart of that, everything about this game is great.+ Runs well and looks nicely on low-spec rig (AMD A10 + GTX 750 Ti).+ Superb stealth mechanics and fun system of disguises. It’s in fact adventure game with solving environmental puzzles and looking for secret ways. I’ve only murdered my target with a gun once, and that was because of mere laziness.+ Vast levels full of content that you can use for unseen access or as traps. Also, every level introduces some original mechanics (like doors opened according to your clothing in Hokkaido).+ Challenges, contracts, achievements, unlockable starting locations, smuggled items et cetera to boost replayability. It’s really awesome to have 20+ ways to get rid of a single target. You can use the list of challenges as an inspiration, or you can try figure everything out yourself.+ Highly customizable HUD/UI and an option to save manually to adjust difficulty (no more painful checkpoint system like in Absolution, thank god) – manual saving lets you experiment more.+ The playtime was about 16 hours on my first run, but I’ll definitely replay the whole story in order to try new approaches + look at the bonus content (escalations and elusive targets, which are BTW a great way to keep the game alive and make players return)."
,Recommended,236870,34989571,Posted: 16 September,all,Ethnius,Hey! It's pretty good.
,Recommended,236870,34991901,Posted: 16 September,all,Merc,"So many ways to kill a target, much luv"
,Recommended,236870,35049637,Posted: 18 September,all,MrCokTatli,"In my opinion, best Hitman game to date. Lots of replay ability and great level design. By the way newcomers;this is not a game you can go all out.Yes, the name does sound like a badass shooter, but you have to plan every step carefully. One step can cause your demise. Anyway, even though it's difficult, it's still a gem."
,Recommended,236870,35212209,Posted: 25 September,all,Wydamn,"If you want a good murder puzzle that requires critical thinking and planned action, this is it."
,Recommended,236870,26778735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matt,"Almost as good as Blood Money, lots of fun and replayability."
76561198074308438,Recommended,236870,30822175,Posted: 29 March,all,Avalanche_EE_89,A worthy successor.
,Recommended,236870,27051586,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrBrut,"In order to have an interesting game experience try doing the following:Immediately after the game starts for the first time, go to Gameplay Settings and turn off the first three parameters: Opportunities, Instinct, and Target Information. Also you may want to turn off Interaction Highlight.While playing a mission for the first time,do notstudy the Challenges at all and do not save the game, try to imagine you are after the Elusive Target.Change the game language for another one you are learning, if applicable.Enjoy the deliberate way playing the game."
76561198043997600,Recommended,236870,35117898,Posted: 21 September,all,zaysaki,"A proper Hitman game, finally.The game is fantastic, but SquEnix pulled their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with this one as well. Let's just say that I'm glad to hear that the next Hitman game will be free of SquEnix's claws.You're going to have to decide if you want to experience the amazing game and at the same time support SquEnix's ridicilous business practisess. I ended up succumbing to the temptation, but i made sure to get this in a good sale. At least some of the money should be going for IO."
76561198078867381,Recommended,236870,35161962,Posted: 23 September,all,Nugget,"Best Hitman game ever, and one of the best stealth games. The episodic nature wasn't a problem for me, since, as a stealth game lover, when reviews for Sapienza was launched, I bought the entire thing.Sure it was a pain to wait for new maps, but the maps, along with user created content and elusive targets were so good that it wasn't that big of a problem.The Elusive Targets is very interesting. The idea is amazing and makes you feel like a true assassin. The only problem is that I lost many of them due to work. And some are so well done that I'm truly sad that I can't play them anymore. It would be interesting if they appeared again in a Season End or something."
,Recommended,236870,32914303,Posted: 27 June,all,Anal Crust,"HITMAN has offered me some pretty fun hours of trial and error, testing stupid theories (and finding some work), and point blank shooting targets from behind walls and walking away unnoticed. The variety the game offers makes it highly replayable, especially if you're a completionist as there are a massive number of challenges between all the episodes so you can easily sink a hundred hours easy if you get really into it.My personal favorite wasSPOILERS PAST HERE STOP READINGSERIOUSLY YOU'VE BEEN WARNEDin Colorado where I slipped between multiple security uniforms and assassinated all four targets in the open with my pistol and managed to get away without losing a cover. Moments like that that offer an immense feeling of acomplishment is why I bought the game and why I'm gonna get more than my moneys worth out of it."
,Recommended,236870,35122410,Posted: 22 September,all,ㄨわε√iし҉҉♠〄҉Ʀ҉Ǻ҉Ӎ҉P҉ǺĜ҉Ế .♠҉҉҉,This game is the true definition of STEALTH.
,Recommended,236870,21802629,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tina perm yo fucking weave,Just make a 4K restoration of Blood MoneyIt would probaly run better
76561198026416717,Recommended,236870,32779530,Posted: 25 June,all,☭ Dagonner  ___¸.•'¯),"I will give this game a thumbs up just because im a fanboy tbh.After the disaster called ""hitman absolution"" which is the true identity of cancer itself , this game looks more like a Hitman game. Not gonna lie , i got the taste of the glorious ""Blood Money"" but that wasnt enough. I finished the game roughly in 10 hours without rushing. The ""opportunity"" addings seem kinda cool however the if u take out the ""blood money "" material , the game has nothing to show off. I rather play Blood money again and i cant believe this game is a 2016 game.It would be much better if they just did a Blood money graphic pack. Im not saying the game is ""BAD"" .Its good , but its not "" Square enix AAA 2016 game with one of the biggest franchise of the gaming history "" good.If not a hitman fan 4/10 , if hitman fan 6/10 , after remembering Hitman:Absolution 8/10"
,Recommended,236870,33389834,Posted: 8 July,all,Tactical-hamburger,"This is a good game. They just screwed it with the episodic release and the DRM. Before you buy any of it, keep in mind that the saves between offline and online mode are not compatible, which will be a problem when IOI get rid of the servers. That being said, it still is really fun, reminds me of blood money"
,Recommended,236870,35336768,Posted: 30 September,all,λuzEll,"Now that I have finally completed all the assassinations from the first season, after 75 hours of gametime, I can write my review for the 2016 reboot to the HITMAN franchise.I can safely say that unlike Absolution, THIS is Hitman done right. The mysterious bald-headed assassin known as '47' is back with only one purpose. To kill. The game (as of season 1) includes 6 locations and 2 training missions with hours and hours upon more hours of things to do, places to explore, things to discover and of course, a incredible variety of creative asassination methods.HITMAN may be lacking content in terms of story. Mainly because apart from the season 1 paramount ending, it's basically completely irrelevant. However in terms of gameplay, this may be the best Hitman game in the franchise. Because the Hitman games are all about the gameplay, about putting yourself into the shoes of a truly innovative assassin. No instructions, no rules, only 1 objective and an entire sandbox of methods for completing said objective.Pros:Fits comfortably with the 'Hitman' formulaMASSIVE maps with incredible interactive detailWide variety of mission content and paths to completionHeavily encourages exploration and improvisationOverall fun and humerous at timesHours upon many many hours of replayabilityEvery completionist's wet dreamCons:Story, like I said, basically non-existentNot much effort put into NPC interactions and animationsAI can be REEEEEEEEALY dumb at timesFrustrating at times (but what stealth game isn't?)The DRM system (Forbids player from progressing while offline)Solid8.5/10.Recommended for fans of social stealth, sandbox freedom, playing like a badass, the Hitman franchise or if you're a completionist."
76561198006316220,Recommended,236870,35332077,Posted: 30 September,all,Squidward,"I was initially weary about the episodic schedule and the early mixed reviews. But I finally got around to buying it and it's fantastic. They've delivered a great game, and if you enjoyed the older Hitman games you'll probably love this."
,Recommended,236870,26517166,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,iminaBearSuit,"As a massive Blood Money fan, and earlier Hitman games. I think this itteration of Hitman is the best so far, I've thoroughly enjoyed every minute with this game. Featuring the some of the best Hitman levels of all time, it's a must have for any and every pre-absolution Hitman fan."
,Recommended,236870,27987842,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[WRG] McKay,Where is my friggin suitcase?! Other than that it's pretty much perfect - it's better than Blood Money!
,Recommended,236870,32845459,Posted: 27 June,all,LinuxCharms,"I typically don't enjoy games in third-person viewmode, but I gave this one a shot based on gameplay reviews.So far I love it! Each city DLC can keep me busy for hours upon hours working on the bonus content, for that perfect score. The game nicely wraps up maximizing one-time DLC, sleek gameplay, and multiple different routes to complete one mission. I'm actually pretty surprised with how many different outcomes your mission can have, based on whatever methods you find easiest to kill with.Anyone on the fence: Just get it! Even if you don't buy more than one or two DLC missions, the starter ones will keep you occupied for a solid 24-48 cumlative hours."
,Recommended,236870,35445418,Posted: 3 October,all,gmaneer,"If you've played the others, this one is great! Can be very difficult to complete the challenges and different methods to take out your targets. Awesome! Patiently waiting for Season 2."
76561198100248967,Recommended,236870,35445583,Posted: 3 October,all,Dab,Very nice hitman game possibly best in the series blyad
76561197991092850,Recommended,236870,26372256,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,shandor,"I never leave game reviews. In fact, I think this is my first. It's important I dispel the negativity I've seen in regards to this game.If you love Hitman, you will be so very happy with this game. As a big 47 fanboy, I've always just wanted to play this character doing what he does best, in as many open ended situations as I can. I've always felt that story driven gameplay kills this character, seeing as his strength is his lack of any emotional motivation or empathy. An episodic game like this is the perfect answer.Incredible visuals. Large, open ended maps. So many challenges for each map - too many, if I'm honest! Die-hard 47 fans and OCD sufferers alike will enjoy playing each map to death (pun intended), and being able to plan out their method of execution (pun yet again intended) when they are trying to get to sleep at night.""Online only"" doesn't ruin this game, despite what you read. It allows expansion, competition among the community, and user-created contracts. If I have had no complaints on my internet connection in Perth that maxes out at 4mbps on a GOOD day, you'll be just fine.Now stop reading and get buying."
,Recommended,236870,27987655,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Befy,I don't mind playing this game over and over. Will retry again++
,Recommended,236870,28362012,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,opYak,"Hitman fan since I played the first one on PC about 16 years ago.Get to the point:1. It's episodic, not a big fan of that, but let's face it. There will be tons of episodes eventually.2. Get it on sale. I got it %50 off. More than worth it. I WOULD buy it for %100 price after playing.3. Robust levels and AI. TONS of ways to carry out your objectives.4. Beautiful design from top to bottom. Beautiful game to look at.5. More like Blood Money. Better than Blood Money. Non-linear, and steep challenge (depends on your way of playing)6. If you've got the time and cash, get this game immediately."
,Recommended,236870,28463813,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,richierich,trust me this game is the best
76561197961076890,Recommended,236870,32750157,Posted: 24 June,all,Radical Edward,"Excellent! Glad this finally went on sale!I resisted buying this game because I wasn't a fan of the way they were doing episodes and the general pricing scheme...and I am still not. However I have to say this game is fantastic and has far more content than I expected. It almost makes me feel bad that I resisted their new pricing scheme since there is such quality in variance and general approach to missions. Additionally you can create your own epic assassinations and play others as well. The satisfaction you have when some poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is choking on their own blood as you casually stroll away into obscurity is disturbingly sweet.Elusive contracts are an excellent touch and satisfy that urge I have to play everything in an Ironman type mode where you cannot correct your mistakes and have to adapt to the situation.If you love Hitman and don't snag this at least while on sale YOU ARE MISSING OUT!TL;DR     It's good, get it. IF IT IS ON SALE THAT GOES DOUBLE!"
76561198164061386,Recommended,236870,27983781,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[UGS]Mark,This game is the mix of absolution and blood money. Insane game. Love it.You get to sneak about and shank hoes. Its great. 10/10.
76561197969568627,Recommended,236870,31069058,Posted: 10 April,all,smrtgy8,"I enjoy the sneaking around games like this and dishonored, but this game was almost boring. Every 'chapter' was basically the same: sneak past gaurds in various costumes, find the environmental kill, sneak out. Then they ask you to do it over and over to earn points from the various kill methods, starting points, end escape routes. The story was phoned in, basically non existent. I wish I could give a 3/5 for this but my options are recommend or not."
,Recommended,236870,32737287,Posted: 24 June,all,Codename BIL,The best hitman game till date.
,Recommended,236870,32842732,Posted: 26 June,all,Fordfx2,Deja Vu in 2017! This game is awesome!
76561197997706809,Recommended,236870,26512016,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bad Wolf,"One of the best hitman games I have played, not as good as Silent Assassin or Blood Money but better than Absolution, There are some things that could have made this game great, like a the infamy system in Blood money as well as the home base, maybe a pre-mission intel gathering mission before the hit though the events in mission does this well."
,Recommended,236870,32733160,Posted: 24 June,all,Beakless,"As a long time fan of the franchise, I can safely say that HITMAN 2017 is the best hitman game made to date. The large, open levels, varied possibilites and rich gameplay offer the most rewarding and addictive action stealth experience in my steam library.Now without that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DRM!"
76561198277288120,Recommended,236870,32733253,Posted: 24 June,all,souryuu5,"I really enjoyed this Hitman game. While there aren't many levels, each level offers a lot of replayability, since it gives you a lot of challenges to complete. The challenges encourage players to explore, improvise, and think outside the box. It's a great feeling when you complete one of the more difficult challenges and still manage to get away from the scene of the crime without being noticed, just like a master hitman would.The one thing I would say is a drawback is the way Elusive Targets work. For me, one of the fun things about Hitman is discovering the many different ways you can assassinate a target, and since Elusive Targets go away forever if you kill them, you can't really play around with them as much as the other targets. Still, I don't consider it to be a big dealbreaker, and I still definitely recommend you play the game."
,Recommended,236870,26376060,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jakesy,"A great entry into the series, on par with blood money"
,Recommended,236870,32743416,Posted: 24 June,all,[NL]Why not Zoidberg?,The best stealth game i ever played
76561198055892041,Recommended,236870,26593607,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,wolfenburg,"Thank God Io-Interactive listens. Gone are any traces of Hitman Absolution (with the exception of custom user contracts). It's been replaced with the good old fashioned system that has worked for Hitman since day one. I was very hesitant to buy this title after being dissapointed by Absolution. If you're a fan of classic hitman then you will like this.There is one problem though.... No agency suitcase to hide your sniper rifles this time :(I will say this, there are definitely too few mission for the price (6 total missions). Although fairly large, it still feels like the game needs 2 to 3 more full missions. I hear they plan to release a season two, I sure hope they don't plan to charge the same amount ($10) per mission because that would just be be ridiculous for DLC to an already existing title. C'mon IO, don't let us down, not after that garbage you call Absolution."
,Recommended,236870,26469264,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,3D-GEN.Bazrid,"Hitman is back!I was reluctant to get this after much scrutiny over some features, but missing that classic hitman gameplay I decided to take a gamble and give it a spin.So after trying a few hours,  I came out with a few pros and consPros:Classic Hitman Versatility: Like any proper hitman game, there are dozens of different ways to approach each hit. This time, there are normally at least 8 ways that can be revealed to execute a hit, on top of whatever you want to do.Graphics: They're good; It won't blow your mind, but they are sufficiently modern that the game will still look great years from nowLevels: These missions are HUGE, it will take you a while to explore each map, and each is jam packed with things to fool around with and suchCons:Online: so as many people say,  to get the full experience you should be online. During an online playthrough if you lose connection, it will pause the game. UNLIKE what other people say, you dont get kicked to the main menu and you don't lose all your progress: The game pauses, and asks you if you want to try reconnect or go offline.  If you reconnect, carry on. If you go offline, you go back to the menus. If you get bumped, dont worry too much, there is a decent autosave during playthrough that you can get back to murdering quick.Offline mode is like having a different profile, the missions are still available but online and offline saves are separate. The elusive contracts and other features are only available online though.Voice acting: Big immersion breaker here; wherever you are, the voice acting is the same. British or American. Slightly annoying, but I'm sure they will make a better attempt in the later seasonsI defintely reccomend this game to any fan of the hitman franchise, and the quality of gameplay definitely outweighs any of the funky always online features."
,Recommended,236870,26571573,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Truth,"First of all, the negative aspects:I actually wanted to give this game a negative review at first, just because the fact thatthis game was released with only 1 playable level back then.I haven't bought the game after the initial release because of that fact and i never wanted to buy it, even after all level where released.But because the game itself is really good, i am giving it a positive review.Second thing is the copy protection, you have to always be online to play this game and yes, it only has single player.So the publisher is pretty stupid, wasting money on stupid piracy protection AND releasing an unfinished game and then wondering that no one is buying it.Please stop doing those mentioned things, you just get bad game reviews and bad sales, nothing more.So the reason why i am giving this game a ""recommended"" is because the game itself is awesome.-Graphics are nice-Gameplay is fun and feels just like Hitman-AI is fine in my opinion, sometimes they are really challenging-Replay value is high (as in most Hitman games) just because of the fact that there are multiple ways to reach your goal and it makes fun to try them all out.So despite the fact that the Publisher is a jerk, the game itself is almost flawless."
,Recommended,236870,33883215,Posted: 29 July,all,Celies,Best Hitman yet.
,Recommended,236870,34052058,Posted: 5 August,all,Punk_Parrot,Always have been a Hitman fan!
76561198260690588,Recommended,236870,34244395,Posted: 14 August,all,󠀡RadicalꝐsychosis,"You need some time to really connect to the game, especially when it's your first time with the Hitman series,but after a while it gets addictive."
76561198312699819,Recommended,236870,34281471,Posted: 16 August,all,Matsumoto,Felt like Blood Money.
76561198058707095,Recommended,236870,34301091,Posted: 16 August,all,Janos Xyn,"I've never really been a Hitman fan, I've found the previous games to be good in concept but poor in execution. This one, however, breaks the mold.Tons of depth and replayability to each level. I understand why they released the game episodically because each stage has so much to do and experience, buying all of them at once can be a bit overwhelming.I recommend this game if you like stealth mechanics with a bit of forgiveness, and using your head to discover new, clever ways to dispatch targets. The levels are interesting and the more you play the better you get. I found it rewarding trying to get all of the challenges, learning the timing, and experiencing the different opportunities.Give Hitman a shot. But start with one episode. If you like it, great, there's plenty more to play. If not, well, you've saved some money."
,Recommended,236870,34301965,Posted: 17 August,all,HIC0M,"Really great game! You can kill every target in a lot of creative ways. There are community made levels and bonus missions which are really, really fun!"
76561198318066418,Recommended,236870,34062910,Posted: 6 August,all,moelest23,Challenging missions. Great graphics. 47 is back!
,Recommended,236870,34662132,Posted: 1 September,all,Neurion,"As somebody who has owned every single Hitman game and has been a fan of the franchise since being a child, I 100% put my seal of approval on this title.I always thought Blood Money was the strongest in the franchise, but after playing this I'm going to change that answer. Hitman improves on what made Blood Money so great. It keeps the general idea of doing individual contracts instead of some annoying story (looking at you there Absolution). I vastly improves on various mechanics, like the NPC AI. It feels so much more alive and realistic than any of the previous titles and adds a bunch of new features such as opportunities which are great. The disguise system is the best one implemented in the franchise and god rid of the awful system that Absolution used. Instead of anyone wearing the same outfit of you getting suspicious, now only people who it would make sense to be suspicious will be. Such as managers and team leaders who would know their staff.I won't give too much away, I suggest giving it a go and finding out first hand how amazing this game is, whether you're a long time Hitman fan or a complete newbie to the franchise.I should note that you need a pretty good PC to be able to run it though, with the huge maps and densely populated areas it can be quite demanding on your resources."
76561198129887560,Recommended,236870,27208187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,City of England,How to kill innocents for your entertainment simulator
,Not Recommended,236870,27815462,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all, qurotro ,"I didn't even successfully connect to the server once, so I requested a refund."
,Recommended,236870,30868874,Posted: 31 March,all,broseph stylin,"I crushed a man under a car lift, then all his buddies came along one after another to check the body, then i crushed them.I did this for 15m straight, they never caught on.Good game."
,Recommended,236870,30842587,Posted: 30 March,all,Katana,"As long as you can stomach the online woes (I can, and I can't think of many gamers that keep a highly-capable gaming computer off the internet) HITMAN is an excellent game on many bars.It's almost a shame I didn't experience the game in its episodic release nature, because it actually feels even more fun than Telltale's system is. When I start up the game, I'm almost always prepared to spend my entire session inside of a single episode, learning all the tricks, finding hidden conversations, and aiming for as many of the oh-so-many challenges as possible.Graphically, the game is a wonder. This is a must-have if you own a recent graphics card, not only because of the ""quality of the pixels"", but because so many of the environments are so intricately-detailed, with great vistas that are so pleasing on the eyes. If iO didn't base the game's hotels and fancy locations on real places, they have a great architect on staff. Levels like Paris and Marrakesh contain an awe-inspring number of NPCs on-screen at once; a far cry from the days when racing games might have flat sprites representing their enormous spectator crowds.Gone are concepts from some of the older games in which 47 would have to arrive at a particular moment to intercept a certain meeting. Instead, many opportunities plan out a situation in which all relevant characters are glued to their spot of origin until summoned by an event such as a flower delivery (always triggered by you). This is not to say that the world feels lifeless - the many varied conversations and constant flow of movement from the targets does plenty to immerse you as a part of the world.If I have specific frustrations, they're mostly to do with not yet knowing what puzzle piece ties in to something that I've found in a level. And, sometimes certain things can only be figured out by saving and loading (something that works pretty easily within the game, giving both auto and quick saves)."
,Recommended,236870,25937892,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DiscoAmazing,"This may very well be the best game in the Hitman series. The levels are huge, and each one is filled with myriad intertwining stories, so many that you can't possibly observe all of them in a single playthrough.For example, just the first mission we see: a fashion designer who's blackmailed into working a corporate gig against his will; a journalist who compromises her values and puts herself and her friend in great danger to save her website and take down a corrupt businessman; a reporter who's ready to make her big break, but only if she can get a new camera; and all of this is in addition to and intertwined with the main plot of the level, which features a fashion show that's really a cover for an illegal auction held by an international spy ring.Each of the game's huge levels is filled with stories like this, and enough branching gameplay paths to make your head spin. There are five full missions (and two smaller but still free-form training missions) released as I write this, and each of those missions could easily give you 10 hours of gameplay if you want to really see an experience it all, completing all the challenges.  If you take into account the player created contracts the replay value becomes essentially endless.This is all put in a package with some of the best graphics I've ever seen on PC. I've read some users complaining about performance problems, but with graphics this good, it makes sense that you need a high powered PC to get the most out of the game.   Another complaint I've seen is about the episodic release structure.  I was put off by this at first too, but in truth, it actually works fairly well with the game. The wait in between levels encourages players to really dive in and explore everything the levels have to offer, and so far Eidos has done an excellent job of following its release schedule, so the full game should be ready in no time, but the levels released already have enough content on their own to make this experience worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,236870,26750427,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Grand Central Station,"Thank god there's an option to turn off hand holding to walk through opportunities.Once the default settings are changed and out of the way, the game just plops you in a map, gives you some targets, and tells you to figure it the ♥♥♥♥ out. The feeling you get when you assassinate your target and walk out like nothing happened is fantastic, from entry to escape."
,Recommended,236870,31797691,Posted: 16 May,all,James Roll,I feel like a trained killer already.
,Not Recommended,236870,27604873,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Richard V Games,bad game with broken servers
76561198067851126,Recommended,236870,27600116,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I was very nervous about buying this after reading the reviews. I went out on a limb and got it during the sale. No regrets.I have only had 1 frustrating disconnect in 20+ hours and honestly, the game is so darn good that I don't even care.Game. Iz. GudReeeeeaaaaalllllll gud."
,Recommended,236870,31807045,Posted: 17 May,all,TH3 H4CK3R,Best game ever..!!
76561198351520227,Recommended,236870,30576765,Posted: 17 March,all,CAWCAWPEEPEE,* Very classic feel* Amazing map design and graphic* a very challenging shooter
,Recommended,236870,31650939,Posted: 9 May,all,Anatar,"One of the best games of 2016,You must buy it!Some people say that it was epesodic and it wasn't good for that reason but it is better because when you finish a mission you want to replay to kill the target with other possible ways and master the level!Awesome Graphics,developers Support it,fun ways to complete the mission,level design is awesome and the level difficulty is very good for the levelsBUT sometimes the AI is annoyingConclusion;You MUST buy it9/10"
76561198039458758,Recommended,236870,21926993,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bambukas,ziauriai geras grajus
76561197981762344,Recommended,236870,27292674,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,groucho,"Yes, the release structure for this game was unfortunate, but people have been way to focused on it.I waited for all episodes to be released and bought the game when it first went on sale.What I can say now is that Square Enix has hit a master stroke in terms of finally providing a modern successor to the original four hitman games. The gameplay hits all of those familiar chords that made those games special: open level design, investigation-based gameplay, interesting background NPCs, and disguise-based stealth mechanics. The UI is reliable and intuitive, and the game looks and plays great in general.This is the hitman experience I was waiting for. Absolution was a deviation from the core principles that made this franchise a success."
,Recommended,236870,22767019,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Biotech,"I played this game more than 24h, and I still have side missions to complete!Pros:-Beautiful game-Good voice acting-Many Choices (where to go and how to kill)-Smart uses for various objects (using a screwdriver to perforate a fuel barrel or dropping a propane tank into a fireplace)-Very big maps, various interesting places to go.-Interesting side-missions and good challenges-Fun and various disguises-A pretty good AI-Even if the actions of the NPCs around the map are the same everytime you replay, you'll always have the feeling that each restart is unique.-Probably missed a few more pros!Cons:-Episodic Game. Just... why?-Ragdolls sometimes get stuck between thin objects like chairs-Maybe the opportunities should be a little bit harder to understand how to complete them. This is almost like a tutorial right now."
76561198084130882,Recommended,236870,22776865,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Baller McBallerson,"Runs and looks great, not too angry about the monthly releases since it gives us time to fully experience the previous maps."
76561198243576762,Recommended,236870,22866659,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CA DONG DONG JAY,"Love the feel of the game as it feels a lot like the previous hitman game blood money. Tough there are issue here and there, but overall this is a blast. This game is really rewarding when you actually complete it as it feels like you've completed your life long dream. PEACE OUT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,236870,22983358,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,inf1466,"Better than Absolution mainly due to much smarter achievments, but still not so challenging in some points as older games like Blood Money with the silent assassin difficutly mode even with the modes without saving like Elusive targets or Escalation... With some minor AI and buged saves troubles."
,Recommended,236870,29247102,Posted: 14 January,all,charliewaffles,"It took me a while to really get into it, but once I was in, I was in all the way. This game is absolutely phenomenal. It's got a few very minor issues, but overall I'd say this is one of the most complex, fun stealth games I've ever played. There's easily 120+ hours of content here if you want to see and do everything the game has to offer, so regardless of it being episodic or not, you're getting a lot of bang for your buck with Hitman. It didn't run great on my 2500k, but once I upgraded to a 6700k framerate was no longer an issue. If you've got the horsepower to run it, and a decent, stable internet connection, Hitman is a no brainer."
,Recommended,236870,28789036,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,C Wizzy,I can kill people how I want. 10/10Exploding golf ball? Yes please.
,Recommended,236870,28958326,Posted: 2 January,all,Tolham,"Classic Hitman. A return to form.What I don't like about the game:* The graphics look good, but require a strong GPU. I have a 780ti and a 2560x1600 monitor. At my native resolution, I have to turn all the settings to low/off, and the fps still dips into the 40s. I turned the game resoultion down to 1920x1200, and I still couldn't max out the other settings without some frame drops. At first I thought it was my hardware showing it's age, but then I played the DOOM demo before the winter sale ended. DOOM's graphics are buttery smooth at my native resolution with most settings on max, and in that game you are constantly moving fast. I have now concluded that the Hitman graphics have not been properly optimized. Be warned: this is a console port.* A lack of diversity among voice actors, and mismatched accents. You will hear white, American or British voices coming out of Asian and African mouths, and you will hear the same voices repeatedly. When 47 is pretending to be someone else and he talks to people, he doesn't even try to match their accent and nobody notices.* The keyboard controls are convoluted. There are 6 different actions in particular that could have been lumped together as the Use key.* There are things about the game that get a little repetitive. On every single map, you can find the exact same ematic rat poison, and then poison someone's drink and follow them to the bathroom where you can drown them in the toilet. A little too often, a target has conveniently scheduled a meeting with someone they haven't met yet, and that person just hangs around doing nothing so that you can knock them out and take their clothes. On every single map, there's a security room where you can destroy the video surveilence. Too often will you throw a coin around a corner, wait for a person (wearing the disguise you need) to walk over, and then knock them out.* The always online requirement is dumb, but honestly, I haven't had any problems or disconnects.* This is more of a suggestion to IOI, but: The game would be even more fun and creative if we could engineer more elaborate accident kills. Right now, doing an accident kill is something like: create a gas leak, and then wait for the person to make a spark that blows up; or release a lever that drops an object on their head. Pretty simple stuff. It would be awesome if we could plan out a whole chain of events and then watch it unfold.Having said all that, everything else about the game is top-notch. Big levels, lots of things to do, many disguises, many challenges for replayability. Anyone who enjoyed Blood Money will enjoy this one too. You *will* get sucked in and sink a few dozen hours."
76561197970867078,Recommended,236870,28747550,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nakamura25,Hes bald and this times its personal great game
,Recommended,236870,28611277,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Neos,"If you like Hitman, you'll love this one. Level design is superb and provides a lot of ways to assassinate your targets. The world is detailed and feels alive. The gameplay is smooth and really fun. I really like the way the story unfolds through regular gameplay.  Lots of challenges, contracts and unlockables to keep you playing for a long time. I personally never had any problem with the server connection. I highly recommend this game for veterans and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,236870,29452152,Posted: 23 January,all,Pixy,"Solid level desing and fantastic gameplay makes this Hitman a great game on par with Blood MoneyShame about always connected BS, the episodical release and wonky perfomance because* otherwise we are looking at a solid 10/10 here."
,Recommended,236870,29550412,Posted: 28 January,all,davidbluegarrison,"Having been a longtime Hitman fan, I can confidently recommend this game to anyone looking for the classic/ Blood Money experience. It offers a variety of options and the replayability is massive. I applaud the developers for trying out this new approach and I think it worked in their favor. I would like to see some developement in the re-using of maps for contracts and special targets, it's weird that all the same mechanisms from the real mission still occur. Makes the level feel cheap... if you know what I mean. But that's a small gripe.It has everything you loved about Contracts and Blood Money with some of the positive updates from Absolution ( a game I didn't completely hate like everyone else)I look forward to seeing what they do with the series from here on out. They've landed on something really unique and special, you'll have a great time."
76561197991893085,Recommended,236870,29648822,Posted: 2 February,all,renboy,"Never played a Hitman game before this one, Bought the entire first season (at a discount) without knowing much what I'm getting myself into.And I love every moment!I have finished the entire season, and now I'm working on doing all the escalations - some of which are even more fun then the original mission, since you truly need to improvise and not be given any hints or even able to save/load if you mess up. (on top of that, some of the complications are really amusing and I just love the challenge).After doing nearly all the escalations in Paris (I didn't even try the extra content on other maps yet) I can truly say that this game never gets old - It's amazing how I still find more details, more conversations, more items, more tricks and more content in the same mission I have been doing for hours and hours.The maps are HUGE, and oh so very detailed - I have never seen a game with such an insane amount of details and content in a single map.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,236870,29922350,Posted: 14 February,all,Trypan,"By far GOTY 2016. If the devs keep up the same good work in season 2 this could potentially also be GOTY 2017 as well. Keep in mind that the devs are still working on this game and they add more content and improvements as you read this.There is a lot to bring up and if I would have to do a full on review this would be a 20 page essay and I feel I don't want to dedicate this much time into a single review.Game starts out with a prologue (which is played slightly after the introduction of the first tutorial level in the first game hitman: codename 47).You are introduced to Diana Burnwood, your handler and you have to show them that you are the perfect assassin. The game will guide you through different mechanics and once you are done with that the game will give you a free run. Do whatever you want on this boat. Just make sure that you kill the target and get out alive.The second tutorial map will introduce you to the oppertunity system. It's like the first level where the game guided you step by step to complete an easy way to get to the target but it will still let you do it somewhat more in your way. Once the training is complete you are hired by the ICADue to the game has the oppertunity system the game is telling you how to bypass every map without any troubles - which is a good way for a beginner to learn the maps and some mechanics. But for the more experienced player I would suggest to turn oppertunities off in the options under game settings!First level: ParisNow we are after the events of Absolution (absolution was during 2013, Hitman is based during 2019)You show up at a model show and now you have a full on sandbox level. Nearly anything is possible to achieve here as long as you have the creativity to pull it off. When the game was released I spent at least 14 hours ALONE on this map before I knew the level 95% inside and out. The only thing I didn't know by then was all the AI pathings but I knew enough to find my way around the map and where items were. You have 2 targets: Viktor Novikov and Dalia Margolis.This map should have been the tutorial for the game instead of the russian staged base where the oppertunity system was introduced. The fashion show is HUGE, 3 floors and a basement! All rooms serves some kind of function as well.This is a GREAT map, solid 8/10.Second map - SapienzaThis is the gem of this game. Solid 10/10 map. You have 2 targets: Silvio Caruso and Francesca De Santis and you have to destroy a virus in a secret lab under their mansion. Not only is the mansion and its garden HUGE, but you also have access TO THE WHOLE VILLAGE OUTSIDE THE MANSION. Nearly every house has something of interest and the map shows great potential for a true sandbox experience. I didn't like the lab section of the map myself but still; the map is great for contracts mode (seperate game mode where you can kill nearly any npc as you want and then let your friends or others try it out). This map also has 2 seperate bonus missions, landslide and the icon.Third map - MarrakeshThis map doesn't hold the same standards as the previous ones. The 2 targets (Reze Zaydan and Hugo Strandberg) are way too far away from each other and they feel seperated. They are in highly secured areas which requires a lot of sneaking around if you want to get past this level in suit only. It feels like the game is kinda forcing you to use disguises on this map and yet even then the map has so many enforcers (npcs who can see through your disguise) so you still have to sneak around. Most of the map is empty as well and the map itself doesnt serve any real purpose. I can't recommend this map enough BUT the seperate bonus mission A house built on sand is based on this playground that is so empty on the normal map and now suddenly Marrakesh is great. Small but yet so great.fourth map - BangkokThe devs unfortunately didn't understand how horrible marrakesh was so they did the same mistake again. 2 targets here as well (Jordan Cross and Ken Morgan). The targets are way too far away from each other and one of them is in a very guarded area. Getting up to Jordan Cross is a pain in the back rear during suit only runs. Most of the rooms in the hotel don't serve any purpose and the map itself just feels... bland.fith map - ColoradoFull on stealth map. Looks like the devs wanted to go back to Absolution standards on this one. The whole area is a hostile area and you have 4 targets this time (Sean Rose, Penelope Graves, Ezra Berg and Maya Parvati) so you have to sneak around or grab a disguise. The visuals of the map just looks depressing and it feels like the map itself lacks creativity unlike the 3 first maps at least.Sixth map - HokkaidoThis map is a gem. You are now in a hidden medical facility in japan with 2 targets (Yuki Yamazaki and Erich Soders). The map is run by an AI named KAI and doors are locked based on what disguise you have. This is an interesting way to force players to try different routes as some are locked. You are not allowed to pre plan any equipment either until you reach level 20 in mastery on this map which is kinda stupid. But once you get to 20 this map is clearly one of the best. It's a small map but it's very good.Game modesYou have the story based 6 missions and the bonus episodes on paris, sapienza and marrakesh and then you have the following:(somewhat loved) Game mode from absolution is back: Contracts mode: where you can make your own contracts.Escalations: A new game mode which has 5 different difficulty levels. After you complete the first level you have to replay it again but now with more rules or changes to the map. This goes up to level 5 (or in one case level 3 - I'm thinking of the Kotti Paradigm). It just gets worse and worse and it will just be annoying in the end. I personally dont like these.Elusive targets: A new unique target will appear on one of these 6 maps (paris, sapienza, marrakesh, bangkok, colorado or hokkaido) nearly every 2 weeks. They will stay on the map for about a week and then they disappear for good!!! If you die you lose and you can't replay the mission. If you complete 1 objective on the map you can not restart this at all so you have to finish it or die trying. People don't like the elusive target system due to they have missed 20 targets already so they have missed out on ""content"". The reward you get for completing these elusive targets are new suits as you can choose as you start a mission.Cons with the gameThe AI can be very manipulated by the playerContent is locked behind a DRM system. You have to be online to complete challenges and unlock new items. Once you have them unlocked you don't have to be online anymore.AI can't notice blood stainsProfessional mode (which is locked behind level 20 mastery on each map) has some things that should be in the base game already (footstep detection, cameras dispatching guards when you are spotted or if it gets destroyed)Professional mode just gets stupid, way too many more guards and most items you hold in your hands are suspiscious.So conclusions? It's a very very good game, with a potentially even better season 2 by the end of 2017/start of 2018 (most likely that is the case since no date is confirmed). I would fully recommend this game even at full price. This game is all about trial and error. Imagination and execution. The replayability in the game is HUGE. 100+ hours is guaranteed if you are a completionist that will probably end up on 200-300 hours. Do I recommend this game? Yes. Defenitely."
,Recommended,236870,28922901,Posted: 1 January,all,Takwin,"SCORE: 8/10This isn't a perfect game, but it is a good return to form for Hitman. I was not a fan of the episodic release and only got it once they were all out, and for a big sale price. It's worth it on sale and it was fun."
,Recommended,236870,29547697,Posted: 28 January,all,Artechz,Very entertaining and very nice (if you have cool specs).8.5/10
,Recommended,236870,29885614,Posted: 12 February,all,ToFro,Pros: Hitman. Fun. Great replayability on each map.Cons: Server reliability seems to be an issue (feb 2017)
76561198288554204,Recommended,236870,30010023,Posted: 18 February,all,grahamjohnmd0,"kind of short, but still enjoyed it! If you're a fan of the Hitman collection, it plays true!"
,Recommended,236870,30030993,Posted: 19 February,all,gnuheidix,works great on Linux :-)
,Recommended,236870,29101479,Posted: 7 January,all,Justin Cray,HITMAN it taking the best parts of Bloodmoney and Absolution to create a masterpiece with almost endless replayability.
76561198028055323,Recommended,236870,29372530,Posted: 20 January,all,scrublord,"This game took me by surprise. I bought into the hype built up by various podcasts over 2016, and thankfully it was better than what I expected.Levels feel incredibly open ended, can take out targets in so many unique ways, and the weekly contracts/content makes it worth revisiting.Only downside is the always online, it didn't directly impact me, but might be an issue for some."
76561198006589094,Recommended,236870,29429704,Posted: 22 January,all,heps732,Ol' dirty and bloody(or clean and silent) hitman.Recommended!
,Not Recommended,236870,29535712,Posted: 27 January,all,Dread Pirate Tuco,The NPCs somehow know everything....and using story-kills instead of mindless kills run-and-gun is insanely hard since the AI won't progress their individual stories unless watched/listen to. I hate playing a little hidden side-game of triggering events just to get a target to drink a glass of poisoned wine they should have already been going to drink anyways. Why do they need me nearby before they continue living their lives?Isn't the point of having an AI with a job/life/day-cycle supposed to be so that they act on their own and live through their own day unassisted? Why do I need to be present for them to feel the need to progress? It just makes no sense to me. They should continue going about their day even when I'm not around - It just makes no sense to me why'd they'd ever wait for me context-wise.It's not the right type of stealth game for me. I wish I could recommend it but somehow things within the game were overlooked so far past release that this is the product we're left with.
76561197973424123,Recommended,236870,29827077,Posted: 10 February,all,SMAER,The new Hitman game made up for the sad excuse that was Absolution. I'd say it's almost on par with Blood Money. A must for any Hitman fan.
76561198019357459,Not Recommended,236870,30086885,Posted: 21 February,all,TheBoatMan,"I bought this on sale and when i went to play it I had no problems untill 2 minutes in and crashes my computer, I have tried to see what I could do to fix it but sadly nothing worked.I have always loved the hitman games but the fact that the developers haven't made an updates to fix any of the issues I have had as well as the other probelms everyone else is experiencing is disgraceful the only good thing that came out of this is my refund.To anyone thing of buying this from what I've seen this game will work for you or it won't. I recommend getting one of the older ones at least they work"
76561198314035620,Recommended,236870,24691315,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr_Bubblez,awesome game. worth your money!
76561198233543324,Recommended,236870,25211478,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ruannunes90,"After playing for a couple of hours (almost 100) I decided to share what`s like paying quite a few bucks to play this game. First up, if youre reluctant on buying this game cause of mixed reviews let me tell you that most of it is addressed to the fact this game is episodic. Other than that here it goes.This Hitman goes back to its roots where youre a pro assasin so there're some 'rules' as to who and how the hits must be done, of course you can a be leather face and kill everybody as you wish but you'd hit a slower score and take forever to unlock important itens for the game.As in previous titles you'll travel world wide to follow your hits. Every place is depicted beautifully with very detailed graphics(enviroment, NPCs, objects) and nice ambient sounds. The game allows you to interact with scenarios like few games do. One thing that could be a little better is the NPCs AI but it works fine.If you enjoyed playing the old hitmans like blood money it's certain you'll have a blast with this one.The elusive contracts thing is a awesome idea but it should be somewhat earsier to identify the targets(maybe a lil bit more of intel, thats me though).Now talking about this new episodic thing. I really have mixed feeling with it. At first it makes sense you paying less to have a taste of the product and see if you really wanna buy the whole thing. But as I said before if youre into the old titles and (probly most here came from it) you certainly Will like this one, it's a nobrainer. For these folks it just doesnt make sense buying an episode then paying more later to aquire the remnant episodes.Technically wise this game also got issues with performance specially running it at DirectX 12. It crashes here and there, disconnects from its servers and It is heavy as hell!(No kiddin' Ive got a Core I5 3.2GHz, 16gb Ram and a GTX 970 and it punishes it at 1080p,1440p, 4k you name it lol) Seriously, You've gotta have a nice rig or else.Wrapping up, It's an awesome game, it brings a lot of nostalgia at least for me and it's sure to consume your time. It has some annoying issues that I hope will be fixed(It's been a long a way since its release, it was a hell lot worse). The episodic thing sucks, I wish it could be purchased like others AAAs at a more acessible price.Graphics 10Audio 10Music 7 (It's good but very repetitive)Gameplay 9"
,Recommended,236870,25212311,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Half,"I love this game! The mechanics are seamless and the game is really enjoyable. It brings extreme suspense and intensity. Great graphics and even audio, someone finally paid attention to making the mouth move when someone talks. I wish there was multiplayer but I guess not. Oh well, the game is fun as $@&!"
76561198019082017,Not Recommended,236870,22578955,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SmokyOn4Legs,A month and a half before any additional content. Not  worth it. Same price for full games elsewhere
,Not Recommended,236870,22582125,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,dylankjustice,"First off.. I don't write reviews. However, I have nothing better to do because at the moment I can't play HITMAN because I can't connect to the servers. I have never in my life of gaming been so angry at a game. I love the HITMAN series and this would be a good game... if I could F****** play it! Most of the game is based online and you must be connected to the ""HITMAN SERVER"". I would almost bet I have spent more time reloading this game or waiting on the server than acual game time. If you read this review and decide to spend $50+ on a game you can't even play without wanting to put a contract out on Square Enix or whoever is responsible... be my guest. Then when you find out what I'm talking about, please write a review to warn others. This is serious BS! FIX IT Square Enix!"
76561197995941131,Not Recommended,236870,22577468,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Masn45,"Not really worth it, to be honest..."
76561198014924999,Recommended,236870,30608306,Posted: 18 March,all,Scine,"The mere face that a AAA game like this now has a Linux client, means more to me than anything else.  This is quite an enjoyable Hitman game, but making it so I don't have to have Windows on my machine anymore just sweetens the deal.Thank you so much for this!  If other developers did this, we'd all be in a much better world!"
,Recommended,236870,28764950,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dr@g00n,"The game's open ended campain allows you to do the same maps lots of times, and never will it be the same !Big Thumbs UP !"
76561197961172843,Recommended,236870,23024836,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Did you say 'ridicurous'?,"Really enjoying this game so far. High Replay value, very interesting scenarios."
,Recommended,236870,30642628,Posted: 20 March,all,Abhi,this is the best hitman game ever loved every bit of this
,Recommended,236870,22847483,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Furill,"If you are a hitman fanboy like me you will love this !It is true that you have to wait for the new episodes as i write this. But there is so much to do in each chapter that i can play it over and over without getting bored !You can always just play the first chapter and see if you like it and afterwards buy the next chapters but imo i would say just go for the full game as it is worth every cent so far and i don't see a way they will screw it up.I did read in other review that there where having connection problems, what did make me think off not buying it, but for me i had no trouble at all !"
,Recommended,236870,22856651,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ｓａｄｂｏｙｓ,"I don't get the all the fuss about hitman being bad, gets sickly red thumbs down reviews.It works, It's all good, And you can go offline now, so that's a good thing right ?Anyway, I enjoy this game so much, no minus whatsoever except for a few gameplay bugs & glitches, but hey, we're all humans, there is nothing wrong with one or two fumble time to time :)"
,Recommended,236870,27035652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phatboy,"Just like real life, this game includes lots of creative ways to kill people.Just like real life, you'll be left wondering ""could I have made that more interesting?"""
76561198354728955,Recommended,236870,30641439,Posted: 20 March,all,leorautenberg79,it does not connect to servers and crashes on pressing play offline i hear it is great.
,Recommended,236870,33475098,Posted: 12 July,all,RyoScar,Do you like Hitman Blood Money?Did you not like Hitman Absolution?Then you'll like this game XD
76561198106013335,Recommended,236870,30087147,Posted: 21 February,all,✪ Quipz | Sage,"From my experience this game is incredibly fun, Square Enix basically fulfilled everyones dreams of how to kill a person. The graphics were good in my eyes and the ragdoll effects when someone is killed is basically 99% of the games fun.Pros:Decent GraphicsFun and amusingLots of different ways to replay missions and different opportunitiesNew content every now and thenCons:Can be repetitive once you have done absolutely everything in a mapSame target and you basically have about 3 routes to get to most targets which gets very boring but this is compensated by the diferent ways you can kill your target.You need an absolutely incredible pc to run this at 60fps (thank god i have a super pc)All in all i would reccomend this game to people who enjoy the hitman franchise as it is very fun and you will enjoy being a psychopath killer and trying to murder everyone even though the game is supposed to be stealth. It gives lots of freedom and is an incredible comeback from the game absolution and all maps are equally as fun and detailed. Cant wait for season 2 to come out.This game is an overall 9/10 in my eyes as it is just awesome."
76561198035680753,Not Recommended,236870,29079407,Posted: 6 January,all,Potato Aim,Half a story with it ending on a cliff hanger and not satisifing you at all. Game play is good and fun to look around the map for new ways to kill but it also can get boring in the way of having ver linear goals.
76561198167931285,Recommended,236870,33505062,Posted: 13 July,all,Kyle,combines the best bits from hitman absolution and the earlier hitman games and combines then into this perfect package with endless ours of fun and replay value!
76561197981175705,Recommended,236870,25742433,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Femto,"One of the best Hitman games I've played, possible the best gameplay wise. Story and pacing was the best at Hitman Blood Money, but I feel this game comes a close second on the overall quality.I do kinda see why they have gone with the episodic format for this game, it fits the game, it fits the Hitman concept, and all the levels are VERY much replayable. You can literally spend up to 10-15 hours on every mission and throughout those hours you will experience a lot of new and previously undiscovered feauteres and content. But I do myself think I would've liked a complete game or at least a full season 1 at launch, and not wait 2 months for a new mission, it does kill the momentum and I feel diminishes interest overall for the game in the general public in the long run. I do hope I'm wrong on that last statement, because I would like this game to do well, it's really a good one!Finially, the one thing this game definitely lacks is Jesper Kyd for it's soundtrack... That Blood Money OST, oh god, that did SO MUCH for the atmosphere, it was a perfect fit for the game. I hope they will bring him back for season 2.Recommended for all fans of the series, especially those who were really disappointed with Absolution (I was for one). This game does Hitman really well."
,Recommended,236870,28666078,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,S0ul,"This game is the apex of stealth games.Excluding the major downside that everyone seems to hate which is always online DRM, this game has so many positives that would far outweigh the negatives in the end in my opinion.-Level Design: The levels crafted in this game are very meticulously and excellently made with the deepest details in mind, they are living, breathing pieces of the world and make you feel truly intimidated by the impossible assassinations you have to pull off.-Assassination Creativity: Wanna make it look like an accident? Wanna eliminate a target with a bullet in their head? Or would you just rather drop a damn toilet on a target and kill them?(Legitimately in game) The possibilities are many, so many! Which brings me to my next point. But before I get to that, let's say you never heard of the Hitman franchise, let me tell you what you can do, one of the many ways to kill a target which is also what most people think of when they hear the game name Hitman, is how you can basically disguise yourself as almost anyone in the level(except women and targets..) and you can in some cases even impersonate them, for example there's this target in Sapienza seeing a mental health doctor, thing is though.. this is their first time meeting, so you go to find the doctor on the map, get to him before he gets to the target, dispose of him, take his clothes, pretend you're the doctor, sit with the target, listen to what he has to say, and kill him without anyone knowing, that's one of the MANY cases of this playstyle! That's what makes it so creative!-Replay Value: I'm not typically the person that likes to do the same thing twice, but here, it's so very different, you basically have a mastery level in each area(also called an episode), there are 20 levels, you level up by completing challenges(creative assassinations, never detected etc..) and every time you level up you unlock things generally for all levels and/or in that specific area, let's take Paris as an example, the first time I play I start on the red carpet, but when I level up to a certain level I can start disguised as a sous-chef in the kitchen downstairs, I can also unlock new weapons that I can use there and in other levels later on, so basically I'll be able to play that level in a completely new way, especially since these levels are so huge, you'll never truly experience all of them from the first try!-Visuals: I think the visuals look fantastic! The cloth physics are a really nice touch, the water looks really nice, I think the most beautiful level in this game is Sapienza, and i'm confident that just one look at it would be enough to convey how breathtaking the visuals in this game can be.-No Call Of Duty style gameplay: This game doesn't let you play it like shameful displays of stealth games (Splinter Cell: Blacklist being the prime example where you can go full on combat every mission), you can't just shoot down everyone, your gun is at your disposal for assassination and small combat scenarios but if you manage to alert everyone you will NOT get out of there alive, so it's basically stealth or death, which is how it's supposed to be in a damn stealth game.-Worth more than 60$ of content: One of the reasons this game is always online is because it's constantly adding free content, there are Elusive targets for example, a unique target with unique voicelines and story appears every 2 weeks for 168 hours, you only get one shot at killing them, if you fail, you fail forever, and if you miss them, you miss them forever, that's really cool to have! It's the most stressful thing you'll go through, but it's so worth it when you succeed! Also let's not forget the two unique free contracts added not too long ago, one of them being the bonus summer episode  set in Sapienza but is in a totally different area with so much detail put in, all for free!-The downsides are simple, the voice acting can be better, the online DRM function is indeed annoying at times, and there are some weird bugs rarely but thankfully the game has an autosave function that is pretty well made. Also some people most notably AMD users have issues (Ironic since this game is partnered with AMD) with optimization, they tend to have frame drops, so be wary if you use AMD, don't rush to get this game, you might regret it.To conclude I give this game a 9.5/10, might be considered high by some, but for me this is the best stealth game I have ever played, and I have played many stealth games, including Dishonored, Deus Ex and Metal Gear Solid V, but none of them emphasize stealth as much as Hitman and make you feel like a total bada$$ while doing so."
76561198213491887,Recommended,236870,28400257,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,I found love without you,"Okay. At first, I'd like to say this hitman is different from the old one. More freedom, more choices and more ways to assassinate the target. I used to play hitman: absolution  by killing all the guards and other people, but in this htiman I cant do that again. Second, there are more items can be used. U can use pick up rat posion and use it to target. Third, in the mission, there is a very huge world ( just a big map). u can do whatever u want to do unless u can do that without observation. That's the biggest difference between this hitman and the old one. In this Hitman is very easy to be caught and   U cant even fight with them. That's the reason I think this game is designed to have manual saving option, u can save the game at any time. At last!!!! The most ♥♥♥♥ing terrible thing is that when I finished the first mission and I was going to do the second one I realised that I have to pay for the next story. What??????????? So this means this game has episode 1-6 and each episode is just a simple mission??????????? What the hell is going on?????? Although I bought the episode 2 without hesitataion, it still make me SICK!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,236870,22872609,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cybexx,"This is basically the Hitman game I wanted since the first one. Large clockwork environments, tons of ways to complete objectives and you feel really badass when everything goes smoothly. The controls are tight and there are lots of clever little features that show IO Interactive's experience, such as the option to disguise yourself as someone after you have hidden their body. There are still some weird AI quirks and the odd bug here and there but if you like stealth games this is about as good as it gets.To address the elephant in the room, yes this game is being released episodically. The starter pack contains two tutorial levels (which are as intricate as full levels in past games) and the first real mission set in a very large Paris environment. The first piece of DLC is set in Sapienza, Italy which is even bigger and more intricate than Paris. There will be 5 more episodes presumably containing one level each that will roll out over the rest of the year. I personally really enjoy this approach and look forward to the new content each month. You could wait till the end of the year when all the episodes are out and have a great Hitman experience but I'm enjoying this episodic approach. This is such a strong Hitman game at its core that I kinda hope we see additional content roll out next year too."
,Recommended,236870,28700458,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FINAL_B,"Good for stealth and infiltration fans.I can't say it is the best out there, but it is not average.The developers are not reinventing the wheel for innovation or revolutionary things, but it is a good Hitman game, despite the flaws and the business model with episodic content.Pros:Interesting story and plot, makes you eager to know what will happen in the new season.--The CG cutscenes are top notch, great voice acting.High replay value--On each mission or map there are different approaches or methods to take a down an objective(s). Main story can take around 8 hours or more in the first attempt by doing most challenges and not rushing it.Cons:AI can be very dissapointing or limited:--The developers should have added more type of behaviors when it notice a suspicious scene or a crime.No blood trails.Why?Online and offline incompatibilities, in other words, ALWAYS ONLINE:--It is required internet connection for the full progression and unlockeable content...for a single player game.An offline mode is available—but challenges, and the post-mission unlocks that you receive for completing them, are all tied to online mode. Worse, the game uses different saves for offline and online, so, if you can't reconnect, you won't be able to reload your existing run."
,Recommended,236870,33500950,Posted: 13 July,all,Capt'n Topslayer,What absolution should have been... minus the always-online & episodic. Fully reccomended to all hitman fans.
,Recommended,236870,32919715,Posted: 28 June,all,Pracool,Just ENTER THE WORLD OF ASSASSSINATION
76561197975000755,Recommended,236870,21816838,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shade,"I don't know what people are complaining about, this reboot of Hitman is very very close to the gold standard of the Hitman series, Blood Money.  The gameplay has been improved from Absolution and so far, the French chateau in Paris where the first mission is set is expansive. I'm still finding new rooms and new opportunities and the sheer variety of ways to take out your target is kind of mind-boggling. Are you the strong silent type? Then you can carefully approach your targets when they are in the bathroom if they just happened to drink something... unfortunate and either garrotte them or (my personal favorite) drown them in the toilet and then dump their body in a closet. If you're showier, you can also rig some ceiling displays to come down right on the head of your target, or alternatively rig gas pipes to explode or expose some wires so your target is electrocuted when he steps in a puddle. The numbers of ways of going about your appointed tasks is truly impressive and shows the devs put some serious thought into the execution here.The downsides for me are rather small but still there; it requires you to be always online (which is fine for me but I imagine not everyone has that same luxury so if you have a spotty internet connection I might hold off) And the episodic format of the new Hitman means that you will be very familiar the mission very quickly as the rest of the episodes haven't been released yet so I'm unsure if the replayability can extend for as long the devs can hope before more episodes arrive."
,Recommended,236870,23953183,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Macracken,"Okay so, first Hitman game I've ever played (well, except Hitman GO, but I won't count that) and this game really is something else! It's stealth is a good challenge and even trying to be tactical I still end up making sloppy mistakes. So, yes, it only has the one mission if you buy the basic version but it leaves you wanting to perfect your techniques and try new methods. Oh, and I also got the Sapienza level as well (Second Episode), which is a great level if you're looking for a more open scenario.Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,236870,24853367,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,cotton kiffer joe,"I just love this game, that feeling being a hunter. it's just great"
76561198160349508,Recommended,236870,23956080,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sergi,Great Game!!!!!!!!Already Loving it
76561198006632560,Recommended,236870,25490474,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mr. Bean,"DRM Bullcrap just kicked me out of my game.  Their site was down for maintenance, but because of that i am unable to play.  This is bad game design.That being said, i am very much enjoying this game, and this is the first time i have ever been kicked out.  Just know what you are getting into.  Bullcrap."
76561197970420761,Recommended,236870,23224030,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lord of Change,Fantastic replayability! I don't normally replay the same missions but in this game I do. The freedom in Hitman is astonishing and the locales so lovingly crafted. It is a joy to experience the game and on each playthrough of well known missions I always find new details.
,Recommended,236870,25816633,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,AhmedSnmez,Very Good.
,Recommended,236870,25785251,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Hatr,"After killing some swedish douce and a Military dude in a school, i took a uniform w/ a red beret and walked out, almost noone can see through this disguise i thought, when! i got shot by some dude w/ a handgun cause i bumped into him 3 times in the begining, at that time i didnt know that the game saved automaticly, so i restarted,4/20 - ""kinda good but he is abit to bald for my liking""- Your boi!"
,Recommended,236870,25321518,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BioHazard,"I was a little hesitant to purchase this. Months after the initial release, and good reviews on the first 4 episodes I decided to give it a try.I'm glad I did. Lot's of replay, tons of opportunities for variation, escalation challenges, contracts, elusive contracts (Damn! I missed Gary Busey! Bummer!), and the ability to make your own. Graphics are good, decent immersion other than...........the voices / accent's / dialogue. This is my big complaint, but one overlooked for great game play. For those that haven't played....everyone speaks like an American. Yup, even in Thailand...where you shouldn't remotley fit in as a foreigner. By no means is this a deal breaker or game breaker for me.Glad I bought the game, looking forward to future episodes and contracts."
76561198040283515,Recommended,236870,25325073,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Badchay,No longer seems to have connection issues like in the beginning. Although I think always-online is still quite unnecessary.Everything else is perfect.
76561198076303331,Recommended,236870,25326142,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,iainscovell,"Fun game! It's not perfect, has some bugs and some of the levels are not super polished, but the overall gameplay has a tonne of variety. Go silent, go loud, sniper from the other side of the map, accidents, etc."
,Recommended,236870,28766960,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,d_low,"Best hitman in the series and I think this is because of the episodic format, not in spite of it. This one the community got VERY VERY wrong. This is easily in the top 10 games of the year. Well worth the purchase and supreme replay-ability. Ignore the negative reviews. This one is excellent."
,Recommended,236870,22874679,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,𝕐𝕦𝕟𝕘 𝕃.,"This is an amazing game, combining stuff from all the Hitman games that came before.I don't see why this would get  any negative reviews at all.One episode per Month is alright. Gives us time to not rush the missions and fullfil the 92!!!!! challenges per Mission.Excited for the next episodesgtx 970 strix ocI7 3,40ghz"
,Recommended,236870,22886861,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,valdez,"Not much content yet and I don't think this episodic release was a great idea. The prologue is OK, but Showstopper was already available in the Demo and, although the best so far, Sapienza cannot fill its map with two measly assasinations and the whole lab thing. The game is fun at times, however it is less likely to be played in a non-Hitman way. I had finished Absolution as if it was a game from the Max Payne franchise. With this new Hitman, the damage you can get is much more limited, and the shooting dynamics, especially with automatic weapons, are not really effective. You find yourself sneaking around and garrotating people, because any alternative is risky. So, yes, this time we are forced to play the Hitman way.As there are not many games around, I will still recommend it, it was a fun few hours with the first 3 episodes, but I do not know if it should be bought in terms of pricing, as prices range by region."
,Recommended,236870,26710297,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Absadab,Great
,Recommended,236870,31683094,Posted: 11 May,all,LBandy,"At first I was unhappy about the episodic model, but after decided to dive into the game I didn't regret even paying full price for it just two weeks before it got a 50% or so discount. The levels are huge, the possibilities to complete the objectives are really wide, stealth plays a huge part in the missions and disguises can now be used in the right way, IO clearly learned from the mistakes in Absolution. I can easily recommend it to anyone who has any interest in the current state of the Hitman franchise."
,Recommended,236870,22689130,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,CCingi,Last Update is freezing.So many bugs on the game.They need to solve this problem.
,Recommended,236870,23144864,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Punt Muffer,"I never had any technical issues that other comments are expressing. The only problem I have is that the game crashes once the kill count is around 200 boides. Technical issues aside, the gameplay is exactly what I was hoping it would be. Huge open world where you can enter almost every building and plenty of places to hide/explore."
,Recommended,236870,22681551,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Luciforged,"This game is shaping up nicely as one of my favorites alongside Bloodmoney and Contracts. Not a fan of the always on, but I don't get kicked off too often and it's always right when I start or load a save, not during the mission so no real loss of game time.Combat is fun, difficult, but doable as long as you have plenty of space to retreat too or a secure spot to take cover from.If they keep releasing more quality level design past the Paris and Italy levels, this may become my new favorite Hitman.And the storyline so far ain't half bad either. Really liking the new ""Villain"" as well."
76561197970869826,Recommended,236870,23141764,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TrueMole,"Only the second Hitman game that i've enjoyed (the other being blood money).The game is really all about wonderful little sandbox enviorments where you explore to find the most comedically laughable demise possible for your targets. The targets themselves are given enough personality that you don't feel bad for bring their digital lives to an end and the story cutscenes are short and inoffensive.Definitely the best Hitman game since Blood Money and worth the £10 it costs to give it a try,"
76561198038687095,Recommended,236870,28916386,Posted: 1 January,all,saliMarkku24,"First the bad: This game has gotten alot of frustration out of me a couple of times. It's not perfect and it has some bugs. The Italian map has some very bad framerate dips on my Radeon 7970 Ghz, but otherwise performance has been very good for me. I've been able to vsync with no problem on medium to high settings.The good: All maps are very good, story is good, there is alot of freedom to do stuff in many ways and all of this is really fun.The main things that are good is that you can use disguises to your hearts content, just get them stealthy and you'll be fine. You can save scum in everything but in elusive targets, and this is really welcome after how horrible Absolution was with saving. The new opportunities are a cool way to showcase stuff but it's just as fun to come up with things on your own. And you can save yourself even after being spotted by being smart about it. This game is not going for real realism, but for the tounge in cheek action movie realism with getting spotted and people reacting to 47. Hopefully they will continue the elusive targets even in 2017.Should you buy this off sale: Absolutely. It's worth it even on the regular price, cause this is easily 30-50 hours of enjoyment and sillyness. Get it and catch up on stuff before the second season comes about."
,Recommended,236870,28959986,Posted: 2 January,all,Generaloberst Wehrmacht,best Hitman ultimate experience that existed
,Recommended,236870,28918577,Posted: 1 January,all,Chicken,many men and women were given the hit
76561197995650112,Recommended,236870,28960643,Posted: 2 January,all,Xtal,"Make a game as good as this and I'm fine with the DRM of having to stay connected. It's not hard to stay connected these days. People scoffed at Absolution but I loved Absolution as much as Blood Money. A few things have been changed up but Hitman is cleaner than ever. Buy this. I shouldn't be telling people to get on the Hitman train in 2017, you should already be on it."
,Recommended,236870,29131508,Posted: 8 January,all,LunaticS0UL,"Honestly, the best part of the game isn't the story mode - it's the Escalation challenges. Play the story mission once, play the Escalation challenges for that location, then play the story mission again. Sure, its always-online (essentially), but the game designers for HITMAN are geniuses. Looking forward to Season 2!"
76561198006881773,Recommended,236870,28918123,Posted: 1 January,all,Fennris,"Purchased:Winter Sale 2016Price:$34.99 CAD (50% off 69.99 CAD)Review:The levels are fun, and provide a nice mix of opporunities to kill your target(s).The game was built from the ground up with the assumtion that the player will want to replay the same levels over and over, with slight variance in approach and/or targets. If you only want to play each map once, you'll want to wait for a larger discount.Performance:Runs smooth during most of the game. Solid 100+ frames during indoor sections, with dips during larger areas with lots happeningSpecs:CPU: i7 4770KRAM: 16GBGPU: GTX 1080 SC"
76561197991576555,Recommended,236870,22808095,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,halflife1989,"I highly recommend this game. You can tell that much effort has been put into fleshing out each level. The best elements from absolution has been included as well as the best from the previous games (namely blood money). The good thing about the episodic release is that you dont' risk rushing through the levels, but stick around trying to complete things in a different way. The world of hitman is more elaborate and beatiful than ever!"
,Recommended,236870,29993411,Posted: 17 February,all,Nabid Zafri,"my favourite game got real this time. i was expecting hitman to be real like hitman 2 and it finally got. had fun playing this game. but would have been better if the developers would make a good story like the 2nd one. and i will rate this game from hitman franchise's perspective after hitman 2, because there is no good story. but the gameplay is very good."
,Recommended,236870,30050540,Posted: 19 February,all,samDLIVE,"Cannot wait for Season 2, this game is too much fun."
,Recommended,236870,29604115,Posted: 31 January,all,Damke,Fantastic game.
76561198195502911,Recommended,236870,35049842,Posted: 18 September,all,Saints_Droove,Best hitman game ever yes Blood money included. A bit over priced.
,Not Recommended,236870,28838104,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RoNiN_J3K,"it would've been best if it were a complete game rather than episode ,but still episodes are linked somehow.nothing new observed from its predecessor rather than graphics improvement.a bit of overpriced product for what it delivers."
76561198074224450,Recommended,236870,35229884,Posted: 26 September,all,GRABLICH,HITMAN is back!A true HITMAN experience.Well done IO Interactive A/S (IOI).
,Recommended,236870,28848775,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,K!netic,"I've flirted with the franchise before, playing Silent Assassin, Blood Money and Absolution. I'd seen some negative reviews about this game when it came out - each mostly citing a lack of content. It's hard to want to pay full price for a game that isn't full content, right? I picked it up on the winter sale, because I loved Blood Money, and played through Absolution (a little grudgingly). What I found was the most pure Hitman game I've yet encountered.Usually in the series, there are 4-5 paths to take out a target. The paths are usually relatively separate, and it becomes fairly clear the sequence of actions you have to do to (for instance) strangle the target or poison them. In this game, however, I can't even name all the paths for a single mission. To say that the maps are huge is doing injustice to the word ""huge"". Every map is filled with criscrossing paths, patrols of NPCs, scripted interactions that you're highly likely to miss (but which provide ideal openings for an assassination), and dozens (plural) of ways to approach the mission. And best of all, the different ways to complete missions are far from mutually exclusive. Even something relatively straightforward like poisoning a target might have a few different poison locations, disguises needed to pull it off, and points at which the poisoning could happen. A good amount of missions have multiple targets, so you can combine the many ways of assassinating them.And every mission is like this. With the exception of the tutorial mission, they're all packed to the brim with content. I'm sure that there's a handful of ""perfect"" ways to complete each mission, and that there's a certain ""max"" you can achieve. But unlike previous games, that ""perfect"" execution isn't probably even 10% of all the possible ways to do it. And in past games saying something like that would be code for ""oh, you can just go in guns blazing, that counts, right?"", but in this game, all those possible paths to completion are pretty stealthy, not usually involving extra casualties.Look, I could go on. But I think the point is made - this game has a ton of choice and content. It's the best Hitman yet, as far as I can see. If you're an old acquaintence of the series like me, pick it up. If you're new and want to see what all these greybeards are on about, pick it up."
76561198072905400,Recommended,236870,22832186,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ploha_igrayu,love this game
,Recommended,236870,22732764,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,T4JZ,"Many people have been purchasing and/or playing this game with the wrong expectations. This game was marketed and presented as a game that was going to be episodic.If you have gone in with the right expectation then you would find that the game really fun has great graphics. The gameplay is much more reminiscent of Hitman Blood Money but brings a much more basic version of the instinct feature from Absolution. Being episodic for me was mixed bag. This is because I like getting all enjoyment all together, so it that sense it was a bummer that I have to wait a month before I get access to the other maps. On the other hand it has been really good as it works well with my school life as I can play a little bit and I haven't missed out on any of the content. It also makes you try our all different ways of killing the target and receive all the objectives and challenges. Which was something many people couldn't appreciate with the other Hitman games as they were just trying finish game.One issue I have had, which has been present in alot of the hitman games is that when you drag a body it can get stuck on a object and it starts flail about like it having seizure and it become impossible to continue dragging the body. I hope they fix this.I guess to conclude if you're someone who can appreicate being patient and wait as the maps come out monthly. Then you will enjoy this game and you should buy it as you will be able to fully expirience the maps to full capability and trully explore all it story and backgorund they put in the NPC characters.On the other hand if your someone who wants the full game in one go, then I would recommend you wait for all the maps to come before purchasing. You could possibly get the limited edition, if such a version exists, you could have content that isn't availble at the moment."
,Recommended,236870,22740234,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MRDJMO,"Back to how blood money was - really fun and I love the hints which at first give you a small walkthrough but then allow you to tag them together when you re-play the levels.The levels are to be replayed, this isn't  a game that you play one level just the once and move on - your constantly trying to either max a score or pull off that funny kill."
,Recommended,236870,25990777,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,whisper,A surprising return to form considering what an awful mess absolution was. well worth playing despite the goofy publishing scheme.
,Recommended,236870,26742550,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,K-MAN,"You'll be able to beat this game within a the weekend, sadly enough.But, the challenges will keep you coming back for more which gives the game a different perspective each time, which is good they implemented many of those features."
,Recommended,236870,26647953,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ZiCell,"Assassinate a target – easy, hold my beer.Assassinate a target by drowning them in a cat litter box disguised as the vampire cat – now this I need!Merely assassinating targets and finishing the game – 1% of the time spent on it.Trying out all kinds of different approaches to fully complete the whole thing – 99% of the time.47/10 would waste my time more"
,Recommended,236870,25943705,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Demonen,"This game really tickles my Hitman fancy in a big way.I've been in love with the franchise since the first game, and while not every game has been great, this one absolutely is.Voice acting is superb, pacing is great, guard AI is competent and missions are relatively varied.The episodic format is absolutely perfect for this game, as the overall story arc isn't needed to carry the game. The missions are pretty much self-contained.The graphics are superbly done. Artfully understated, with excellent texture work and very good models.Runs smooth as butter on my rig, and I haven't really heard any complaints from any of my friends either.Considering the market in Marrakesh, for example, has thousands of simulated people, this is a monumental achievement. It feels like a part of a city, not a game level. The attention to detail in the level design is simply staggering.For an entry fee of €13 to give it a try on Episode 1, it's almost silly value for money, and once you get your feet wet, as it were, you will have no qualms about the €8 missions.It's a gigantic harddrive hog, though. Holy moly does it spread out! It eats disk space like a poorly optimized MMO, for crying out loud!My guess is that this is because the thousands of hours of NPC dialog. There is so much to learn from guards chatting, random passers by discussing what is going on and, of course, multiple sets of reactions to what you're doing.For example, in Sapienza, I took out one of two human targets, which caused his bodyguards to search for their employer throughout the mansion, talking to other staff to see if they had seen him.It's always well voiced, and as with the rest of the sound in this game it's always appropriate for the setting.For example, there is an intern in the Swedish consulate on the phone with a furniture manufacturer, trying to get help assembling a chair. It's hilarious, without detracting even a little bit from the seriousness of the game.Things like that elevates this from a pretty good game to an excellent one. The episodic thing had me on the fence for a bit, but now I'm a firm believer.I'm currently only about 10 hours in, but I have a feeling this game will keep me coming back for *months*.""Do you recommend this game?"", Steam asks. Oh, absolutely."
,Recommended,236870,26741384,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ArbyOfLight,"This is the first hitman I've ever played but so far I am having a blast. The story missions are really fun, and side missions are interesting and challenging, and elusive targets are a great way of extending the longevity of the game (and are super tense to boot since you only have one chance to complete the contract!). Can't wait to finish season 1 and looking forward to season 2!"
76561198040450563,Recommended,236870,30269260,Posted: 1 March,all,lellulillu,"I'm unfortunately new to the HITMAN series, but this game reminds me of the old PS2 James Bond game, Everything or Nothing.There isn't nearly as much combat in HITMAN, but that's a good thing. What is very similar is the challenges and rewards you get from finding unique ways to eliminate your targets. I have only bought the first episode, but I've still spent 20 hours in it and so far feel no need to buy more episodes, although I will, later. For now I will stick to perfecting the Paris level.Definitely recommended for anyone who has a reliable internet and isn't otherwise turned off by the requirement to stay online at all times. Also a little bit of patience is required to get the most out of the sneakiness in this game. This is not for the overly triggerhappy players."
,Not Recommended,236870,26697766,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,=C-D= Ceranoe,"I dont know if I could recommend this game. I love the Hitman series and the gameplay is solid here, but much like the new Deus Ex, its a great game that is shrouded in pesky issues. Everything about this game feels dated, the graphics, the controls, the way detection works. Especially the controls though, it feels like im playing an old 1990's RPG. There is a button action for everything, something that most games could have done with 1 or two, Hitman uses about 5. Melee combat feels dumb, hand to hand relies on quick time events, gun combat feels like im shooting people with nerf guns and you die within 2 seconds of actually being shot, you have very little time to get to cover if you are being shot at. AI feels like everyone around me are a bunch of zombies. Down to the environments, aside from the rather dated looking graphics and effects the environments have a lot of creativity behind them giving the game a lot of replayability. I occasionally drop from the servers and the game does have always online DRM. despite this I do find myself enjoying the game quite a lot. The last major issue for me is the ""episodic release"" with everything that pokes out to me like a sore thumb, requesting 60 dollars for just the first ""season"" of the game and then some for season 2 or purchasing each episode individually sounds like an overly brave request. The game is fun and if you have the other Hitman games, get this on sale otherwise it would be a pass."
,Recommended,236870,28027023,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wonderwolf,"GOTY 2016pure simulationist level design, ai design, and gameplay design.one thing, please for the love of god,TURN INSTINCT OFF,TURN OPPORTUNITIES TO MINIMAL OR OFFturn these off in settings>gameplay and just go into missions blind and EXPERIMENT!!!!you will enjoy the game so much more, trust me on this"
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,236870,28368500,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jackmobob,the actual game is pretty good with more blood money and less absolution. But the sales model mixed with the awful drm (slightly fixed but still awful) weighs it down just so much
,Not Recommended,236870,28301706,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,crazybobcat,"Who the hell makes a game that needs to be connected to the internet 24/7? The loading times are super slow and I have encountered far too many glitches for this game to be worth it, not to mention the extremely large file size and the amount of space the game takes up on my computer..."
76561198083933209,Not Recommended,236870,21788118,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Soveia,"While this isn't a bad game itself, I cannot recommend to get it at this time.- The game only has one story mission. It does have a lot of replayability value, but it's still just one mission.- Even on my relatively powerful PC that can run GTA5 on Ultra at 60fps, this game runs like garbage, easily dropping to around 35 fps in more intensive areas. This is on High settings. The game reportedly always crashes on DX12.- The game doesn't let you choose between online and offline mode at this time. If it detects an online connection, it will automatically go online. Any interruption will kick you back to menu. Online and offline have separate savefiles, even for story missions."
76561198112289279,Not Recommended,236870,21791993,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,isox22,"To be explicitly clear to those people who are considering getting the ""Full Experience"" pack, or even the ""Upgrade Pack"", the content you are purchasing with those does not exist and is not playable. You are not getting $60 worth of content if you purchase them right now. The ""Upgrade Pack"" is just a season pass, and the full experience is just the intro pack plus the season pass. When you purchase those packs, you're getting the same amount of value as the people who bought the intro pack right now, which is to say two very short 'tutorial' missions and exactly one story mission. I would advise you, internet person, to just get the intro pack right now, as this currently isn't worth $60. The game is very short on content right now, so wait until Square Enix actually finishes the game before purchasing the full version.Also keep in mind that, as other reviews have mentioned, this game's full functionality is accessible only when you're connected to the Internet and their servers.That being said, the gameplay is classic Hitman, and is quite enjoyable despite how very little there is right now. I can't speak to the performance issues others seem to be having, as I haven't experienced them myself on my i7 and R9 290.  I have gotten graphical glitches in the tutorial missions, in the form of the sunlight flickering rapidly in certain spots, butit's not so substantial that it ruins the game for me.I would not recommend getting anything other than the intro pack, as the rest of it isn't worth the money."
,Not Recommended,236870,21815041,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,roshanenator,"Online only got achievements and challenges aren't great. I know there are more missions coming out since this is episodic, but it seems more like an excuse for not having to develop a full game on time. Also, this isn't the blood money follow up as they claim it is. Wish that newspaper thing was still happening at the end of missions.So my recommendation is: Don't buy the game yet. Even though it will take a while, wait til they release all the ""episodes"" (levels), and while the graphics are amazing and gameplay is well executed, finishing the tutorials and the Paris mission didn't feel as compelling and rewarding as Blood Money did in its Prologue level.The story isn't quite there yet, since barely anything has been released we can't know for sure yet. I think it will be worth the wait for all the episodes, but right now it isn't worth it."
76561198123877285,Not Recommended,236870,21790708,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,boul2nej,"Read the not recommeded user reviews and you will get the idea...My advice to you guys is to wait until the full game is release in a year or two, and buy it 10 bucks on a sale because it does not worth more!Poor graphics, I mean 2016 and unable to play in 2560x1440 ultra, are you f****** kidding me!?Gameplay is ok but not optimal... Magic pockets again, but can't choose more than 2 accessories before beginning your mission. Unimmersive animations... holstering a gun is apparently too complicated for 47 everything just disappear from his hand.As a hitman fan, I am even more disappointed than Absolution.An yeah, I preordered the game in july and I feel cheated beceause I don't have a full game on the release.... Before the idiotic economic chapter annoucement (don't you have enough money to finish the game? lol), Just one destination and a few hours gameplay... come on, don't take us for fools !!!!!To IO interactive, don't you have enough money to make a good game or is it just the skills you don't have anymore to do it?!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21791370,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CREATURE,Doesn't have the feel of the earlier games in the series.  Not immersive and poorly implemented.  Engine does not run efficiently.  Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,236870,21785835,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Astronaut Dolphin Detective,Wow finally I can play the game.. okay that's a lie.. butt from the start i could not even get past first cutscene.Freezes more then a penguin with a popsicle up his butt 10/10Worst game 2016. DONT BUY.
,Not Recommended,236870,21788134,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Azrac,"Beautyfull game, runs fine on my PC though I have a very good PC, no problems with crashes or similar.So why don't I recommend it ?, because I paid for a full game, 50€ and yet all I get are 2 Tutorials and 1 mission......thats not a full game.......and yes there's plenty of user-made-content and so, but thats not what I paid for, I paid for a Hitman game and story and I didnt get it.Oh I will, eventually, but the game is released now, they got my money now and so I want my game now."
76561198225082252,Not Recommended,236870,21791858,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hzma114,"I was so excited that the new HITMAN game was release, for a moment. Why I should always stay online for a single-player game? Full experience only for one mission!? Is that why you guys sugget take as many challenges as I could? At last, my computer is more than enough to run this game but the configuration stoped me to do that, I can't even choose what resolution that I'd like to use."
,Not Recommended,236870,21837152,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Doober,"I want to recommend this game and hopefully in a few months the always on online DRM issues will be resolved but in its current state, my feelings are mixed. As for the episodic release of this game, I don't like it but it is what it is. If you can wait, I suggest either purchasing it on sale or just buy the entire game later this year. If, however, you are like me and cannot wait, the core game is rather fun. If you loved the Hitman series, the game stays mostly true to form. The size of the maps is impressive and offers a lot of potential for the coming updates.Like every other negative review here, the DRM issues cause problems, especially if you have a weaker internet connection.Buy it if you must, wait if you can.My review might change if the games is updated properly.Cheers."
,Not Recommended,236870,21781821,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,JWonderNoob,"low fps, load too slow.19.99$ for only 1 stage WTF???"
,Not Recommended,236870,21804013,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,terra,Crap DRM
76561197968373316,Not Recommended,236870,21834451,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Marcosis,"wow, what a let down.  For starters its just not that fun to replay levels, and weee all 3 levels. Yes I know there are more to come but really 3 levels to start?"
,Recommended,236870,33030749,Posted: 30 June,all,school (school),cant wait for HITWOMAN™
,Recommended,236870,23192438,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Therocketman,"I don't like alway's online games, especially when the game is a single player game. However, unlike ~50% of people I can weigh the blunder and when taken as a whole this is a great iteration. They went back to the non-linear and ""high density"" level design of Blood Money. Through the two first missions the level design might be even better than Blood Money. It's not without it's fault but it's definately worth $15 to see what you think."
76561198064631464,Not Recommended,236870,30157785,Posted: 24 February,all,Gutta,"I literally have to load the game 2 to 3 times anytime I want to play because it always crashes on the mission load.  Its repetative and not very fun. I've played every gam,e since codename 47, this is by far the prettiest, but the least amount of fun I've had with a hitman game.  Most of the hours you see that I have spent in the game is the game being paused and me doing something else until I try to give this game a go again."
,Recommended,236870,29203741,Posted: 12 January,all,John Doe,"That's perfection.. And beyond.I mean, the attention to details is on a MANIACAL level.Fully explorable levels, tons of opportunities to try if you are keen to take your time through gameplay, NPCs and Targets with their own routine roaming around living their digital life (last day of their life, at least).The soundtrack is extremely immersive, the locations are spectacular.Custom contracts also available through the community, along with periodical ""exclusive"" ones. Hours and hours and hours of entertainment are guaranteed!That's the coronation of an already excellent saga."
76561198041832614,Recommended,236870,22973932,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"Besides the fact no one publish a bug-free game these days, Hitman is a nice stealth game with beautiful urban landscapes.You have a variety of possibilities to take on targets.There are hundreds of people who are just waiting to compromise your mission.The main focus is infiltration, taking out every guard will soon bring you in a dead-end situation when you have to ask yourself. Where do I hide all those bodies?My personal opinion is, this game needs a lot more locations to be a great game compared with other games.Escalations don't elevate the fun, they're more like work or training.If you are unsure what to do and get easily bored, just wait 'til more locations are released."
,Recommended,236870,25239814,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Divine,It's one of the best Hitman games to date. Just wait till all the episodes are out before you buy it. the episode formula does not work in this games favor...
76561197971020495,Recommended,236870,24779771,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gamazson,"Many of the reviews feel a little salty, mostly a result of the summer bonus content thing. I bought the full game outright after that because I had just built a new PC and I knew I wanted to play this game, so that does not factor into my personal review.I honestly love this game. I am a big fan of stealth games that reward observation and planning, and I have always been a fan of hitman. This game is what fans of the franchise have been waiting for. It has all of the improved mechanics and controls from Absolution, but it brings back the open level design of Blood Money. I have dropped over 12 hours into the Paris misson alone, and I still haven't completed every challenge. The sheer content of a single level makes the episodic release a non-issue for me.If you loved Blood Money you will love this."
,Recommended,236870,25251625,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,EarthlingKira,"Great open sandbox game! Too easy with all the UI help (instinct, I'm looking at you) but fun nonetheless. In contrast to older Hitman games there are deadly options everywhere which you can't even use for the story mode targets. This really helps with the old games' feeling of ""how convenient this deadly trap is in the right place at the right time""! This is basically fixed. They probably added all those deadly options for contracts, but this still makes the world so much more believable!Strongly recommended for people who want a complex sandbox hitman.PS: For people who want maximum fun I recommend to not abuse immersion breaking bugs (AI is not perfect..). See this as a role-play and the fun is much higher"
76561198315287941,Recommended,236870,24779499,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sgt TanBron,"Great game I recommended this to my friends and I only have the first episode! I'm currantly saving up for this game to get episodes. If you love stealth, stregtegy, guns, or ragdoll AI this is going to be a game worth getting.Thanks"
76561198028244973,Recommended,236870,34419187,Posted: 22 August,all,EnglishBob [ITA],"GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK, 47!Finally, after an orrible game like ""Absolution"", 47 comes back on our screens in great shape.This is a reboot for the series but he left something by the others games. The first thing I have to underline is the amount of time that you can play. There are tons of things to do. The challenges called ""Escalation"" are a good, but sometimes less good, method do offer a new challenge without changing the location. We operate in big level full of NPCs, secrets and new way to do our job. The most important thing introduct with the one of the latest patch is the ""Professionist"" mode. This is the hard mode and I appriciated because adds more realism. The things that I don't like are the ""Elusive Target"" because you can't replay them after they are gone and it's not correct for who bought the game now.In the end, I advise the game.WELCOME BACK,47!"
,Recommended,236870,34318170,Posted: 17 August,all,Monkrey,"Such a fun game. It feels like an actual hitman game and I could even say it made up for absolution, but I'm not 100% sure about that. If you're the kind of person who enjoys spending hours exploring big areas and finding different ways to complete the missions, this game is for you, because that is what you're actually meant to do in Hitman, if you didn't know. However, if you're the person who enjoys completing missions as fast as possible, this will be a very short game for you, especially if you don't go back to attempt different ways to finish those missions. All in all, good game. Definitely better hitman game than absolution. They brought back the instinct function but if you don't like that, you can just turn it off. Good game, but quite short. I love this game. If it was longer, it would definitely be favorite game for years to come."
76561197977705598,Recommended,236870,30237724,Posted: 28 February,all,Mr. Taco (vinny),"This is the true sequel to blood money. While there aren't many chapters in this game, the level design and replayability of each level makes up for it. The levels are massive in this game with multiple targets and multiple areas to explore. Contracts also return from hitman absolution, which was the only good thing about that game. This is a must play for any hitman fan."
76561198088015877,Recommended,236870,35376262,Posted: 1 October,all,Paid,"worthy addition to the series and better than some of the previous in the title series, very demanding graphically. if your into the series or this genre of game, get it"
76561198059304629,Recommended,236870,26453482,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Wolf Guard,Fantastic addition to the Hitman franchise this is definately money well spent!
,Recommended,236870,30059379,Posted: 20 February,all,DudeBro McBroDude,Good gaem.
76561198094610113,Recommended,236870,30497869,Posted: 13 March,all,Coryisthebestanimebecauseofstory,"The game is great for beginners to the series and old fans of contracts and blood money. Really the best part about the game is the detail that is put into each level. Now you can put a hit on practicly every npc on every map and have a silent assassin rating. Not only that but now you have so many more paths to take whenever approaching a mission. Now there are a lot more positive asspects that I can talk about but I believe that the negatives, while small can build up into something terrible. First off while I love the idea of elusive targets, I think it is a little too harsh for people introduced later on. I believe this can be fixed in some sort of way. I think creatting an elusive target dlc would work very well if properly executed. I believe once all of these elusive targets are alll finished, they can release them all as one dlc where you could play them once and then that was it. You still only have one shot which I think makes it still work. Now I still have one more idea for these elusive targets and while it might screw up with the score system, I believe this would be a reallly cool feature. So once you finish an elusive target, you can not replay the elusive target format. Then the elusive target is moved into the map it was originally on. While you can't get any of the speacial suits or challenges, you can still pull a hit on the elusive targets."
76561198059916161,Recommended,236870,23024760,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,OR4NGE,"After 2 episodes and updates that keep improving the base game. I believe IO might have the best Hitman game ever. That is as long as they continue churning updates and good levels .The Third episode was not as good as Sapienza, However the Elusive targets are a Blast and the game still has so much room to improve.The voice acting is still disapointing and the game lack firearm variety but there is still HUGE Potential so I still Stand by my initial review:)"
76561198027331916,Recommended,236870,23055097,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Teemo,"I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this game.  The levels are massive, and have tons of replayability to them.   Great level design and creativity in the ways that you can accomplish the levels.  Also, the episodic setup for this game actually works well.  I originally thought when I heard this game would be episodic it was going to be a disaster, but it makes the game much more appealing in a way.  It works because the levels given are incredibly large, and intricate, and it keeps you from burning out going level to level to level like previous hitman games.As far as negatives go, I would say sometimes there are a few little things I would think you should be able to do, but you can't.  These are often very minor things though.  For example, if you are hanging beneith someone I would think you could pull them off a ledge, not have to hop up, get behind them, and push them down.  That sort of thing is very rare and that is the most notorious example of it."
76561197975504740,Recommended,236870,25337537,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Bloodflames,"As a long time hitman fan I was initially concerned how well this would do especially compared to the step backwards that was Absolution. I was also worried when reading about the release of the episodic format.However from playing hitman 2016 it has come back to its roots and the game is thoroughly enjoyable and interesting, multiple methods of killing targets, huge locations and the unique assassinations have also been very fun.Positives:- Huge maps and interesting locations(inlcuding revisits/reskins to existing locations with interesting new targets and stories)- Multitude of methods of assassination- Wide variety of different assassinations across the world- Great graphics- Interesting disguise concept which is a mixture of absolution and previous hitman games, actually feels like it works.- Interesting challenges, unlocks and wide variety of weapons(once mastering all the levels)- Trying to kill everyone on the map is a challenge but also enjoyableNegatives:- Lacking initial voice overs (international locations npcs lack any international voicing and keeps with american/english accents) this detracts from the story/immersion- Some features still missing that were great in previous hitman games e.g. sniper case, human shield, customizing weapons, npcs picking up weapons and firing back)- Episodic release has been slow- Not as memorable soundtrack as older hitman gamesOverall I would highly recommend this game to any player and especially hitman fans (including ones dissapointed by absolution).This is an enjoyable game and is a success in the legacy of hitman"
76561197994910724,Not Recommended,236870,30041179,Posted: 19 February,all,Dogen,I have a HOTAS setup for space games that I play. HITMAN detects these as joysticks and refuses to use the keyboard and mouse to play the game. There is no way to disable this short of climbing under my desk and unplugging them everytime I want to play HITMAN and then climbing back under there when I'm done.There is no option to disable this auto detection.
76561198293598271,Not Recommended,236870,28227820,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wholemoobs,online
76561198067619140,Not Recommended,236870,28235581,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,P.I.M.P,HITMAN has stopped working
76561198027144814,Recommended,236870,21791688,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[KAOS] Militarymarquez,"I had decided to go for the $15 intro pack to see if this installment in the series would be worth it. After having played through the training and Paris missions I'm definitely liking what I'm seeing so far. This game takes the best of Absolution and Blood Money and mixes them together to create the near pefect Hitman experience.This plays much like past games where guns blazing isn't the way the game is meant to be played. Missions can be completed in a variety of creative ways and there isn't any one specific way to take out a target so there are different unique ways to carry out the mission. The Paris map was relatively big and offered numerous ways to play through the mission without completely holding my hand. The story itself seems interesting so far and it will be nice to learn about Agent 47s start as an agent for the ICA.Something that many will find annoying are the online only options that seem to be hit or miss right now. When I first started the game it wouldn't connect me online so I could only go through the story. After having complete the Paris mission I tried reconnecting and it seemed to of worked. Navigating the menu is somewhat sluggish but can be overlooked. There is some glitching when dragging bodies as they get clipped through a wall and can't be moved. This can be relatively annoying but I've only experienced it in the training mission.Overall I'd recommend this game to fans of the series, if you are on the fence about purchase then definitely go for the intro pack and see for yourself."
76561197994615254,Recommended,236870,22696436,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mezza76-au,"I wrote this review as a means of restoring some balance on some of the reviews below. A lot are negative, as are a number of threads in the discussions page.I don't agree - this is a great game which reminds me of some of the best parts of the Hitman series. Gone is the linear approach of Absolution, where the freedom of your approach was curtailed. This Hitman is pure sandbox, with huge levels and many different approaches to the target.  It's an approach that lends itself to mastering the levels, coming back to them over and over again.I was somewhat skeptical of the ''episodic'' approach to releasing levels a bit at a time.  So far I dont mind although i prefer to play through a game rather than a drip feed approach. The latest level, Sapienza, is a joy to play - and has all the usual elements of the series - hidden gems, humour, and freedom of approach.In terms of bugs - There are a few that are noticeable (the odd leviatating knife), but Ive had nothing like the bugs complained to in the discussion threads. Overall, this is a solid game that plays to the fans of the series. I'd recommend you give it a go."
,Recommended,236870,22692755,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Anfear,"Don't listen to the negative reviews. I've never had a problem with the DRM. Yes, DRM sucks but a game doesn't deserve a bad review for it.I bought the $15 intro pack (which is essentially 3 levels), and I've spent 10 hours on that. The non-linear design is great, and I enjoy the help that the opportunities give you, even though you don't need to follow them.Something else I enjoy--this game encourages constant replay. Every challenge you complete adds to your mastery, which gives you different weapons, starting locations, and gear to experiment with. No 2 playthroughs are ever the same.The game has a habit of crashing sometimes, and I do experience random framerate drops on my GTX 970, but it's nothing gamebreaking."
76561198075715045,Recommended,236870,25190853,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,clintoncrawford,I've been playing the first episode for a few days now and in my opinion it's a brilliant experience with no major issues at all. Very well done.
76561197996914991,Recommended,236870,25174203,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FreeMan,Good
76561198046775556,Not Recommended,236870,29325070,Posted: 17 January,all,saber138,without being online. You can unlock nothing not even ratings for the missions. In a single player game this always online thing is unacceptable. No matter how much the publisher tries to justify this it is just DRM.Without this draconian DRM system this would be one of the best Hitman games ever.
76561197986792092,Not Recommended,236870,23091563,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,JCEASAR,I am getting an error when i try to start the game.
,Not Recommended,236870,22026913,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,never2nv,"I was expecting a hell of a lot more but in the end I kept playing the game while holding my♥♥♥♥♥♥in my hand. At that point, I knew it wasn't a solid title.P.S. I also don't like the whole episodic thing but who knows it may turn out for the better but... yeah."
76561197969325446,Recommended,236870,21817573,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TWL,"Super awesome! I like to plan, then execute that plan and see what happens. When you pull off something hard you feel very rewarded! Would Recommend!"
76561198153398676,Not Recommended,236870,22019517,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Magellan238,Extremely short storyline..... I regret the fact that I paid for it and the worst is that I loved all the previous ones but I don't think I will be bothered any more in the future....
76561198039631943,Not Recommended,236870,21794399,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,J4CK,I would'nt hate it so much if they just gave us all the levels
,Recommended,236870,24545136,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Woodie,"HITMAN ReviewHitman Surprisingly Works Really Well As An Episodic Title; The Time Inbetween Each Episode Can Be Used To Max Out All Challenges On Each Level. Of Course You Can Wait Until All The Episodes Are Released, But I Like Going Back To It.The Pros- The Tutorial Is Really Well Done By Having It As A Training Mission. The Level Is Decorated With Exposed Wooden Walls And Inside A ""Hangar""- Unlike Hitman Absolution, The Levels Are Not Scripted But Instead You Can Work It Out Yourself, Or There Are Opportunities Which You Can Follow- Some Of The Dialogue Is Really Ironic In Context And Quite Funny- All Of The Levels Are Extremely Well Detailed And There Are Big Groups Of People To Look BusyThe Cons- At The Moment, Elusive Targets Are Time Limited Which Is A Nice Idea But I Hope That When Everything Is Released, They Include All Of Them So That You Can Get The Exclusive Unlocks From Doing Them. I Have Not Owned HITMAN Since Release So I Missed One Or Two Elusive Targets; This Means I May Not Get All Of The Outfits/Weapons That Release Owners Could Get."
76561197972283586,Recommended,236870,25228977,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MM,"This game is genuinely entertaining: I look forward to the episodes coming out each month, and even the elusive targets. For fans of the franchise, think Blood Money, but with a modern engine.Whilst it has less of a sense of humour than Blood Money, with fewer ridiculous murder methods, the AI is mostly OK, the levels have a wonderful sense of scale and escapism and the levels have good replayability.A few things need to be fixed, but thus far I'm hopeful that the final product will be worthwhile. For those who haven't bought the game yet, I suspect they'll miss out on the 'elusive targets'. These are missions which pop up every few weeks. You only really get one attempt at them, and if you screw it up, you permanently fail them.I'm not sure how I feel about that: on the one hand, it really does add to the suspense. Where I'd drop a save before doing something stupid in the normal game, in ET's, every action has a sense of weight. On the other hand, I really don't like not being able to replay these things. It feels artificially constrained and I've failed one of the ET's because the game bugged out rather than a failure on my part.The game has become more stable, and now does run far more acceptably than when I first bought it. The developers haven't done something as stupid as the Latex Murder Nuns of Absolution. It is a fun, entertaining Hitman game and I definitely recommend it - but with the caveat that there are still a few AI flaws, ET's are once only, and the final two missions are still unknowns.------------Edit: Somehow I've managed to sink 100hrs+ into this game. The ET's are getting more varied, but the escalations are a bit dull. Some mechanics (I'm looking at you headturning) can make the game's stealth a bit hit or miss, but ultimately I can strongly recommend this game for anyone who liked Blood Money."
,Not Recommended,236870,30033423,Posted: 19 February,all,SPY KILLER,Dont buy this unoptimised junk.Performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥on a gtx 1070. Scew you square enix
76561198024789900,Recommended,236870,28850448,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Art Blade,"My first Hitman game was BloodMoney which apparently most players considered the best Hitman game. I fell in love with it and played the living daylights out of it. I then bought all of the previous titles and played them through as well. Then came Absolution and I didn't think I'd like it (and apparently most players consider it the worst Hitman game) so I was sad and frustrated.Then the new Hitman was released but with -- for my taste -- two downsides: always online policy and episodical release of missions. I didn't like the concept of buying a game that I wouldn't be able to play *through* in my own time because it was going to be served bit by bit (rather than one big chunk) so I kept my hands off it.Then steam released the entire first season in one go plus I spotted it when it was 50% off (just like right now) and I decided to buy it.Ever since, within just a few weeks, I managed to spend 150+ hours playing it and all I can say is:IT IS GREAT! Like BloodMoney on steroids! If you loved BloodMoney, then this is the game for you. :)"
,Recommended,236870,28891963,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Livid,"Do NOT let the most helpful reviews throw you off buying this. Many complain of Online DRM, which I agree is terrible but I yet to have a problem with it. Those with an unreliable internet be warry of buying this but to those that have a steady connection I highly recommend.This Hitman in my eyes imporved many aspects of previous Hitman titles. The Story is involving and interesting making me constantly want to uncover more and more, until I got to the end. I really wish there was more to this game, but there is a HIGH replay value of this game and getting this game on sale is crucial.The combat is great, feels very solid along with the movement. Again the story is very interesting and not much to any prior knowledge is needed. The shooting feels very smooth and easy to aim.The only downsides to this game are that, its not long enough (Which the Challenges and Opportunities make up for) and the Online DRM which isnt even a problem to me or other people that I know that play this. Lastly its the AAA price tag they put on which is to be expected. It doesnt feel like a $60 game but while on sale half off its definitely worth it.This is a great title to get while you can on sale. So if you have the money and enjoy stealth/other Hitman titles I highly recommend you get this game now."
,Recommended,236870,30240206,Posted: 28 February,all,codyyy,Blood Money + Absolution = HITMAN 2016
,Not Recommended,236870,22640610,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Silver,"[Update - 05/31/2016]Episode 3 came out today. Except I can't download/play it because IO/SE messed up the release system, so the game (or Steam) doesn't believe I own the full version of the game and is asking me to shell out $10 for Ep3. Between this issue and how Episode 2 wasn't recgonized by the game until I deleted and re-downloaded the entire game, I've lost faith in not only this game, but IO/SE's ability to run this series. It's rather sad, Hitman was my favorite series from the first game all the way up to Blood Money (we don't talk about Contracts). But with such a botched release, being a fan of this series has turned from something fun to something tedius.[Origional Review]The Paris map is pretty. I'll give the game that. But after a month and a half of playing it over and over again? It's gotten old. A new map comes out tomorrow, but there's kind of a ""so what?"" feeling to it. Without even getting all of the challenges completed, I've somehow reached the top level of mastery in the Pairs map and unlocked everything that came with it, so there's no real reason to keep replaying the map.Escalations are fun, but get pretty tedious fast. And this last update took all of the escalations I played and put them back into 5/5 status rather than ""completed"". So I have to replay them again to have them re-marked as completed.This is Square Enix's second swing at a Hitman game, and while this is a massive improvement over the ""lead by the nose"" game Absolution, all the gimmicky stuff included kinda makes it a little painful to play."
,Recommended,236870,30586326,Posted: 18 March,all,dys,I take pleasure in death and Violence.
,Recommended,236870,30769858,Posted: 27 March,all,Freud Reus,"Sublime!When I am writing this review, I have completed all the ""Steam Achievements"" Hitman has and all of the Normal and Professional difficulty challenges. I have missed a few Elusive Targets since I had been travelling when they had come out.With the above mentioned stats, I can say I have played and experienced all that the game has to offer and I would say Hitman is one of the best games I have ever played. There may be minor flaws but once the community discovers it, the developers fix it soon in the next patch.I was new to episodic content when HITMAN came out, and now I can say I love it! It gives a player so much time to explore the prior maps and enjoy every bit of it like the game devs would have wanted.Each Map/Destination offers something different. While the much loved, colorful Sapienza and its soul twin Hokkaido are compact spiral staircases full of opportunities, the vertical Paris and Bangkok levels offer the player a familiar setting as seen in some of the previous games' levels like the in Budapest's Thermal Bath Hotel. There is also the large horizontal plains of Marrakesh and Colorado which are somewhat restricted from being completely utilised for pleasurable experience through the main storyline. These maps however become so alive when played via escalations, bonus episodes, elusive targets and contracts.The easter eggs in the game are of a different level; thoroughly amusing and funny. One can mess with KAI after push-ups in Japan or strike the bells and burn them alive in Colorado.All in all, a truly brilliant and enjoyable game. I hope the World of Assassination offers more in the months to come. Can't wait for Season 2!"
,Not Recommended,236870,28731715,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mitsie - DigitalAssassins.co.uk,"Absolutely love the Hitman Series and this is the Best game yet, Been a massive fan since Hitman:Codename 47. There is tons to do and you will spend hours trying to complete all the challenges. The content is worth every penny and real fun to play. Untill you have a bad connection or the internet goes down in your area. The DRM has not been thought out by the company and to save a few thousand pound from pirates ? Do people still pirate games ? they are so cheap through steam, i dont think many people do it anymore.. so to stop the few pirates, they have punished the many legitimate gamers.. Stupid decision from IO Interactive and Square Enix. Soon as they stop supporting this game, and their servers go down you will no longer own the game anymore. It is an amazing game, but if you do buy it, understand that you dont own the game, your just renting it really.. would have been 10/10 but is let down by silly DRM so gets a 1/10.."
,Not Recommended,236870,21815600,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mulleboy,"Terrible port, buggy graphics option and nothing like the previous games. This game is pretty much a fun little arcade challenge game, and on top of this it tells you exactly what to do. Either wait for it to be fixed, wait for sale or don't buy at all. This was my first ever Steam refund."
76561197998530133,Not Recommended,236870,30609063,Posted: 19 March,all,zephyrruzon,"This game is to the hitman series as Thief is to Thief the Dark Project. That is not a compliment.First off, It's not hard.To make it hard you can adjust the options to your liking in the gameplay menu or get to level 20 to unlock professional mode.Level 20.You level up in a hitman game, and until you've completed the mission in a limited fashion you do not get access to OTHER WAYS to complete the mission. You know what that was in every other goddamn hitman game? A level. It was all there from the start. Even in Absolution. You want to put on a mascot outfit and samurai sword your targets through the head? Go for it. You didn't have to unlock the starting point next to the bear costume on top of the samurai display museum to enjoy these options.You also get to compete in leaderboards. You know, all those hitman fans were just sitting around thinking that I was missing internet points to compete with my other friends in how many times I can get points in this game about points. That's why the first few hitman games had a giant point counter in the upper right corner of the screen. So, you knew you were getting them leet points. POINTS? Clearly someone missed the goddamn POINT of hitman. It's to be a HITMAN. Kill a target, get creative if you want, but you can just as easily use a sniper rifle to kill two targets with one bullet.It was an accomplishment to have an elaborate or efficient kill. There wasn’t even an achievement in the old games for it, and the absolution achievements weren’t imposing about it either, they were just there if you figured out how to, for example, kill your target with the harpoon.But that's not even the reason I am writing this anger filled review.No. The reason I'm writing it is because of a thing called elusive targets.So, when I heard that hitman was going episodic, I hated it. The first thought that came to mind is “you literally just finished one level, didn’t you?” followed by “and if you didn’t you’re selling the game in parts to make as much profit as possible.” So, like anyone that isn’t addicted to video games, I didn’t feel like being blue balled AND robbed at the same time, so I put it off until the whole season 1 was available. I get it, and lo and behold, there’s this thing called elusive targets.One time missions that are time sensitive? The hell were you thinking? Hitman shouldn’t be a test of preparation and skill, no, we need one time content. That’s what people like. Not being able to play content. Or having to give up, I don’t know, a vacation or work or school or some other♥♥♥♥♥♥to make time to get your “GENIUS” idea for one time non-repeatable content? Really? So, I miss 20 missions because Torben Ellert, the lead designer, literally admitted in an interview the AI they designed couldn’t hold up to repeated playthroughs? God, the MOBILE hitman game was better.Anyway, this is a horrible idea, a horrible package, and if you give them your money they will think that this is a good idea and they will continue to turn games into microtransactions either by butchering them like this and releasing them one limb at a time to your inbox or by having you literally pay to play. I can’t wait until they release the “ELUSIVE TARGETS 1-50 OUT NOW ONLY 50$.”And I thought EA was bad.Don’t misconstrue that. EA is bad, really bad. The actual worst. I haven’t bought an EA game since AC3, wait, no, I got that… child of light? I didn’t think it was an EA game at first. Not relevant. EA is worse than this company, but this is bad. Don’t buy it. Pirate it."
,Recommended,236870,22787556,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Funkitron,"I wish I could be angrier at Hitman.  I really do.The unfortunate truth is that this game is stellar.  It fundamentally and mechanically is a great stealth action game.  The levels are expansive and brimming with new and interesting avenues for you to complete your mission.  It rewards patience and planning like a good Hitman game should.The game is great, but it isn't without flaws.  I find the game suffers from some really bad visual and optimization issues in the form of screen tearing and occassional framerate drops.  And the idea of replaying these levels dozens of times to unlock new weapons and starting points, while interesting, can be a very daunting task.  Luckily, there is more than enough of variety within a level for you to replay it and keep finding new ways to beat it.I love the gameplay loop of this game, which is why this next bit is so upsetting.Since it needs to connect to servers to fetch leaderboard and challenge data (among other things), you might be privy to such lovely experiences like not being able to play the game or not being able to save any progress in the form of completed challenges or earned XP.  It sucks so much to have completed a mission and not be credited with it.  It wouldn't be such an issue if the servers actually were consistent and stayed online, but they don't.Aside from that, it's an episodic game.  Which really doesn't effect my experience with the game.  It's an interesting approach to say the least.  I don't have any strong feelings about it either way.So yeah, long story short, great game, hampered by always online connectivity.Welcome to this weird gaming dystopia we live in, where a good single player game requires an online connection.  The future sucks.Update: Now that the season is complete, I can easily say that despite early issues with performance and online functionality, Hitman is easily a contender for my game of the year."
,Recommended,236870,22798610,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,|51st|.Lt.MarkvA,"Does the game have issues? Yes, but things have been getting better. Is the always-online DRM a terrible thing for consumers? Definitely. If the always-online DRM is unacceptable to you, I highly suggest you wait buying the game until all episodes have been released.Personally, I like the episodic format. It works well with Hitman, and allows me to spend much more time playing and exploring every mission. To provide some context, I have about twenty-five hours in the entirety of Hitman: Absolution. I have more than 55 hours in two episodes of Hitman (with another 5 in the beta). The episodic format works well.Plus, this game is a true callback to Hitman: Blood Money. Large, beautiful, sprawling missions with plenty of NPC's, a huge number of ways to kill your targets and great gameplay.If you're a Hitman or stealth game fan then this is undoubtedly a must-buy for you."
,Recommended,236870,22829819,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Yeetari vs Kekmet,People say that this game looks fun but is really unoptimized. It runs fine on my system which has a single gtx 960 and an amd fx 6300. People are also saying that the game disconnects from the servers - never happened to me. The only downside is the loading times.
76561198132261149,Not Recommended,236870,30022355,Posted: 18 February,all,DikPun,this game is not even a game. 5 bucks per mission. i feel extremely ripped off
,Recommended,236870,21909139,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GalYurr,Excellent start; looking forward to the rest of the levels.
,Recommended,236870,28757778,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lyadhlord,"This game is just great . Only played Paris so far and slowly downloading the rest of the episodes . Just the training freeform level alone has so much replay value wow . This very much remnsicient of the older games . Hitman 2 SA was one of my favorite games and this game reminds me of it . The Always Online DRM is not problematic at all .  Even on a bad ISP like mine i havent faced any disconnections so far . So if anybody is one the fence because of that go ahead and buy it . The game will keep you hooked for hours . At 50% off its a great price . One request to the devs , please bring more elusive targets for players like me who joined late ."
,Recommended,236870,30074967,Posted: 21 February,all,D.MAIDEN,"This Game is Awesome ,I started crying while playing,It reminded me the times of Blood Money& Contract .I am enjoying this game so far,Playing on GTX 960 (4GB) , (40-60)FPS."
,Recommended,236870,32353281,Posted: 11 June,all,Gassy_Liang,"While this can't compare to Blood Money, it was better than Absolution. Find every single non-lethal throw-ables items and coins and you are on way to become a silent but deadly Mr. Popp hitman.Pros+-Game mechanics are better than Absolution-Open world (very nice)-Push dead bodies of balconies only to find out the balcony leads to a public area-Graphics are greatCons--Can't run on potato laptop (obviously)-Have to be online-The episodic format"
76561198103118751,Not Recommended,236870,29842766,Posted: 11 February,all,relaxgeno,"This is the best Hitman game you'll never get to play!  I've been hooked on Hitman since the very first game and I don't think I've had as much fun in as I did in this one on the handful of occasions I got to play it!  It looks good, it plays good and the murder setpieces are fantastic - IF you can log into the game.  Which you often won't be able to. Because the servers go down for no reason at regular intervals.Would have been my favourite of all time if this SINGLE PLAYER ONLY GAME didn't need to be logged on to the least reliable servers outside of Blizzard on a launch day."
,Not Recommended,236870,28396180,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Biggest Oinker of Them All,Good game but take the online requirement off
76561198070310980,Recommended,236870,24509893,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,zenaw45,"9/10Great game, horrible sales model. The gameplay and graphics are great. This is the first real Hitman since Blood Money. The only cons of the game are that you have to be online for the whole experience and that the game is released episodically. The pros are the new elusive targets, the graphics, and the gameplay. This game is worth the whole price of $60, but I hope that the developers do not use the same sales model in the future."
,Not Recommended,236870,22029930,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rawban,"The launcher cannot set resolution or most settings beyond LOW. Ingame the settings are changeable BUT the game switches UI elements to a xbox controller 2-3 times per second and i DO NOT have a controller plugged into my computer at the time. The manic switching made the tutorial unbareable and forced me to hold buttons during gameplay to do things. This is early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on a title. Dont buy it, i returned it."
76561198045511658,Recommended,236870,25627210,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,[JS] Spirit Guided,"I don't think the mixed reviews are fair, so don't take them to heart if you're an old Hitman fanMy review will be for those old fans.Did you hate the changes absolution brought to your beloved franchise? Then you'll be super f****ng happy with this s**t.It's back to the old school, sandbox, explore and figure out your own path Hitman.I think the reason everyone down rated it is because of the episodic release. But god damn these levels are big and jammed pack full of stuff to do, see, and hear. And if that means I have to wait a month or so for them to jam pack the next giant level full of the same good stuff then I'm happy with the way they're doing it. The only thing that makes it okay is the quality and attention to detail. I don't think it was a money scheme, honestly. It's just really fun for me.Hitman games were on my top 3 favorite franchises of all time, and I absolutely despise Absolution. If you're like me, you should try this, it's worth it. Just get the $15 starter, or if you trust me (and can afford it) buy the $50 bundle, it's so worth it."
76561198005688605,Not Recommended,236870,22656461,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,I would have to say the game feels like the hitman but the whole online thing is still a mess.  along with waiting for the rest of the game to come out over the rest of the year.....  really bad idea on HITMAN ©2016 IO INTERACTIVE.
76561197998355086,Recommended,236870,22710689,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,monkeybot,ACE!
76561198034349102,Recommended,236870,22662643,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,H!tmæn,i was a little disapointed with the first missions. but they realy fixed witht he new ones.
,Recommended,236870,22697261,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,need4morespeedj,"OK the BAD:The DRM is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, (but i presonally haven't had a disconection)The Episodic format doesn't suit eveyoneThe Square Eqix updates Faux PasThe Lighting and shadow glitches in places,The Poor Preformance is Places i.e 50 drops to 20 for a moment(FIY; R7 370, Amd A10, 8gb, no SSD, 50 frames on Med, FXAA on)Now the GOOD:The levels size and detail,The amount of choice,The Gameplay is vintage hitman with the best of Absoluation,Finally the RANT:Ok so the DRM sucks the game runs only ok, and we get 1 level every month, All the sucks but my GOD wait till you see what we get per Level, the size and detail is insane,The sense of pulling strings in a grand production with each action is beautiful.  There is joy in discovering each type of kill brings a new puzzle and the working out how to complete it. The satisfation of the perfect suit only silent assinian run you spent all night completing.However if you just like to beat a level once and finish that game its not for you, but then again any hitman game was not for you, play each mission once in Blood Money and it is only a 10 hour game with a weird ending, Hitman games and about the repeated quest for perfect way to kill and the challange of the next way, and THIS IS A HITMAN GAME. The game has everything that i love hitman for i highly recommmed it. The first too level alone have that me 60 hours,"
,Not Recommended,236870,21771888,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Willy Pete,Purchased the full expirence for £39.99 and I can only play the tutorials.11/10
,Recommended,236870,26019644,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,inHAILsatan!,"This is the Best Hitman game in a long while, and actually having played a decent amount of it now.. I can honestly say this is my favorite Hitman game.. It is miles ahead of that turd Absolution, and I think even better than Blood Money. This game rejuvenated my interest and love for the franchise and for Agent 47.. I highly reccomend this game, and buying all the DLC missions, There's still more to be released...EDIT: I was favorable toward the game until all of us that bought it the way they released it, in pieces got ♥♥♥♥ed out of getting the rest of the game before they merged it.. NOW because I own like 3 or 4 episodes If I want the rest I have to buy the WHOLE game again because ofr whatever reason they stopped selling it in pieces and now it's Season 1.. For shame business practices like this show me how little the company cares about you and more about money just so they could make an extra 30 dollars here and 20 dollars here. It's not cool and I so wish I could file a lawsuit or something over it because this♥♥♥♥♥♥studios pull is shady as ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,236870,26170477,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,the peruvian brony,this game is laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
,Recommended,236870,29495639,Posted: 25 January,all,r2j2612,"This was an overlooked game on my part since I didnt ike the Episodic Structure in a Hitman Game (being a fan of the Hitman series of games prior to Absolution). But damn I was missing out.This game isF-U-N. And that open design for each level, with several opportunities, several ways to infiltrate, take out your targets. This is a serious""One of the best Games of 2016"".I have hardly finished up everything(since there is just a ton of content, ton of contracts, new Elusive Targets)but that feeeling of finishing a mission with the Rating of Silent Assassinfeels so gooooodNeeds an always online feature but I understand the needs for a DRM, even though I would have preferred Denuvo over Always Online. But thats negligible compared to the content present in game.Running smoothly on a DirectX12 Card with DirectX12, no lags/crashes/technical issues whatsover. Love this game so far and I love where IO is taking Hitman. Kudos to devs!!!!!"
76561198035607757,Recommended,236870,24409299,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Marulle,Haven't had any of the tecnical problems people have been talking about. The game runs smoothly. Love the experience which reminds me of the good old Hitman games. Huge maps and lots of different ways to solve the missions. Very 'Blood money' -like.9/10!
,Recommended,236870,24548747,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Alan,"Sure, it's episodic and you are (potentially) paying full price for a game that you will receive over time with no guarantee of on going quality.I have to say though, the individual locations are massive, and there is a ton to do in each of them. If you're the kind of player who tends to run through a level and be done with it, then sure, this probably isn't for you. For me however, I've had a blast going into each location multiple times finding new items, new intel, hearing new conversions, not to mention finding new ways to eliminate my targets without ever being seen. It's definitely Hitman.I also have to commend the number of gameplay/UI options they've included for tweaking the experience. There isn't anything quite like being dropped into a mission with no waypoints or hints, and having to scope out your targets manually.If you're unsure, drop the $15 on the first mission (which actually includes 2 somewhat beefy training missions, in addition to Paris), play it a few times, then see how you feel. If you're like me, you'll promptly drop the $50 for the upgrade. In the end, you'll only be paying $5 more than what you would on a typical full release."
,Not Recommended,236870,24410863,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Silvershock,"Well , it was ok, i didn't play it much, beat a couple missions, i think there needs to be some more thought put into some kinda ui for when its ok to pull off certain things/actions without being caught, not like pulling people into a bathroom and endlessly killing them/ko'n them an stealing their cloths and everything is cool.. there are plenty of things going on and mechanics that i think the player for the most part never gets to experience because of the lack of introduction to using those methods.... if you're a die hard hitman fan get it, you'll probably love it, but if you're looking for a fps or assassination type game keep looking and if you find something worth playing please let me know...."
,Not Recommended,236870,30032491,Posted: 19 February,all,BnWolfy,Pros --Great gameplay-fun to play-great graphicscons-bad optimization-micro ♥♥♥♥ing transactions-lack of content
76561198085230512,Recommended,236870,30560842,Posted: 16 March,all,bockus,"This is a great game. The best Hitman game by far. I got it on sale for 7.49 usd and after 6 straight hours it was well worth it. I love how the enviroments feel so alive and yes there is a pattern to it but its suppose to be like that. Its like living the same event over and over again and get to change things each time. And the whole episode realease thing, its still worth 60 usd at the end of the day. You just have to wait for a new mission. I can't wait for season 2."
,Recommended,236870,29699926,Posted: 4 February,all,Reblee,The only game I have played that has benefited from being episodic.
76561198132703909,Not Recommended,236870,21777953,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lost 2k at the casino,WASTE OF MONEY
,Not Recommended,236870,21791291,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sebmans,"seriously this is an insult. We were promised 3 maps to start, even showing off the italy location only to find out that its more like 1 map with 2, blood-money sized maps. Im starting to lose all faith in the video game industry with these new money grab tactics each AAA game keeps coming up with. F U"
76561198073323379,Not Recommended,236870,21796179,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Marco Bot,"The server crashed on the first day, it kicked me out of my game and I cant even load my save because i am offline."
76561198012206695,Not Recommended,236870,21812305,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Chips Le Poulay,"Always-online DRM in a Singleplayer game.Again, it's all what need to be said.... Oh and : Awful episodic structure!No really, these mistakes are unforgivable.... I could have been ok with these if those 3 missions took more than a day to do with most of the challenges, but they don't..... It's sad, because the gameplay is actually very good, very similar to ""blood money"", which is my favorite, even tho the IA is incredibly dumb. But doesn't matter how good your cake is, if at the end you take a huge dump on it, it will mostly taste like♥♥♥♥♥♥And here it does. Thank you Square Enix!"
76561198281430279,Not Recommended,236870,21814091,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr. FRAZE 2,♥♥♥♥ this game dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing black♥♥♥♥♥♥@!
,Not Recommended,236870,21816132,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Zacky,that they are releasing just one and one chapter from week to week or mnd to mnd sucks so hard....the gameplay is good tho but if u want the full game wait a year before buying it
76561198121193631,Not Recommended,236870,21777925,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,nightfall404,I'd request a refund from Steam but I'm an hour over the cutoff due to waiting for this single player game to connect to its mandatory server.
76561198059165558,Not Recommended,236870,21778182,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kurtdakilla,"20-40 fps on medium 1080p with a gtx 970, 16GB of ram and a FX6100."
76561198026706709,Not Recommended,236870,21778343,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,birdacious,Apparently lost connection with their BS server halfway into a mission.Got booted out of a game I own and paid good money for.Thanks you F**ks
,Not Recommended,236870,21782990,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kira47.,Dont buy pls
76561198039568297,Not Recommended,236870,21795529,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,shidogrey,BullS##t you only get one level .THAT IS NOT A GAME THAT'S A DEMO!!!!
,Not Recommended,236870,21795684,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fekyntosh,"The game itself is really good, had tons of fun with just one mission being available at the moment. However with the always online Denuvo DRM, bad optimization (a god damn console gets better performance then my GTX970), lot of bugs (even after the developer claimed that the episodic format was to not release an unfinished game) and completely broken DirectX12 i cannot recomend it. Buy it only if you are a hardcore fan and can overlook all these things."
76561198005293879,Not Recommended,236870,21820707,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Snakeyes0375,Hitman has never had a good reputation for their pc ported games but come on Square Enix. I personally can't even make it past the prologue because my hitman looks like the worlds largest kidney stone. 0/10
76561198029348804,Not Recommended,236870,21821726,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bigsnake2015,"I love the Hitman franchise. Dating all the way back to the PS2 days, I always had a soft spot for Hitman. Unfortunately, this is a giant pile of feces.First, Im running two EVGA FTW GTX 970's in SLI. This game doesn't have SLI support, So I said to myself, this game looks like it popped out of 2012, so one 970 will eat this game, wrong. Trying to play this game on Ultra, with my $375 card, gave me frames in the 25-35 range. Areas would bounce from 70-25, givinng an absolutely nauseating experience.Secondly, this is an always online (DRM) game. A single player game............ Requires you to always be online. :(Thirdly, this game is shallow as hell. Anyone who has played past Hitmans will immediatly realize this game is trying to hold your hand way to much. On top of that it just doesn't have the same depth, or since of fear of getting caught as past Hitmans. The AI is horrible, I mean truly terrible. You can literally just walk around the map, knock out a soldier, take his outfit, hold LB find target, then find the outfit that will give you permissions into the room as the target and thats literally it. Absolutley zero skill, or trying required.Also, this is an EPISODIC GAME. You will have to wait for the levels as the developer releases them, few by few.DO NOT BUY THIS. If you can't help yourself, at least wait a couple of weeks til they patch the horrible performance issues."
76561198013408469,Not Recommended,236870,21787654,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hand,"Not recommended.Only 1 mission to play for a month.offline mode requires an offline save, you cannot resume from an online save file."
76561198073369975,Not Recommended,236870,21798446,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,chralmus,"Its fun for a bit.If your playing because you want story Don't buy :/  Its basically what they've been showing. Nothing really new.You have to replay the prologue (from the beta) and only one mission Paris so :/If you liked contracts then yeah I say buy it.Played for a bit longer less than 2 hours to complete Paris, pretty impressed by it and have really high hopes for the next episodes to come out and considering upgrading. Have yet to replay it though but looking forward to it."
,Recommended,236870,28618084,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Soul,"Best Hitman I've ever played. Almost everyone says that Blood Money is the best, but I think this has the best potential out of every Hitman games :)"
,Recommended,236870,28707954,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ᅚ,I enjoyed the game in a nutshell but here are cons from my end:-Some repetitive NPC model-Disappointing background music-Always-online DRMThe flexibility is awesome since there are several way to eliminate a target. I'd definitely would recommend this game especially if you enjoyed the previous game installation. I started with Hitman 2.
76561198019781807,Not Recommended,236870,30661239,Posted: 21 March,all,SHART,"First day having it, not totally crazy about it like I had hoped.  It's very stick to one of the opportunities or forget it.  Also having issues saving and loading on and off, says connection to server issue, retry.  I have 80mbps download and 75mbps upload....not on my side.  What gives?"
76561198017678948,Recommended,236870,28708992,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tatsuta,Great game for everyone who loves Hitman. Evokes feelings of previous title - Blood Money.
,Recommended,236870,23274549,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,GreenCyborgNinja,That game is so hard but fun .
76561198066052423,Recommended,236870,23280059,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Andersen,I strongly recommend this game for creative people and stealth lovers. For a hitman fan its a must have...
,Recommended,236870,28463024,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,cuckhead speedrunner,jhonny sins
,Recommended,236870,32608435,Posted: 20 June,all,Spanx24,Best game of the series IMO
,Recommended,236870,25100532,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Critonline [NL],"One of the best and largest Hitman games so far.They keep updating and releasing stuff, so you don't get bored.Best part are the elusive targets, one shot that's all. Target death or you death, than that's that, no second try."
,Recommended,236870,33884126,Posted: 29 July,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Nice Suit
76561198192010411,Recommended,236870,26742281,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Keladran,A masterpiece
,Recommended,236870,23235165,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,jk2l,"I did not get this game right at the start, only start playing 2 weeks after they released episode 2. But so fars i never encounter any disconnection problems. So I think the issue is resolved. So this always online never bother me much.Gameplay:Each mission is quite solid, there is a lot of way to kill a single target. Some target I have found at least 15 ways to kill them. From what I read some people found up to 30 ways to kill a single target. It is fun to actually explore the game and find alternative way to kill them.Episodic:This is another thing that doesn't really bother me much. As I mentioned above, the game play is quite solid and fun. In a way this maybe a better approach for Hitman. As someone played every single Hitman games. I rarely replay the same mission more than 2 to 3 times. But having it as episodic made me changed my game habbit a bit and having more times between different mission also make me explore the game a bit more. Also with so many different appraoch for a single mission I can see they do put lot of efforts on making the game able to accomplish in as many angle as possible. So I guess i am glad they go with this approach.Elusive Target:So far only one target released, and it seem a bit easy. But from what I read they will try to make it as hard and as impossile to complete. It is something need to wait for more release until we can judge it.Contracts:Something that add a bit more into the game but personally don't really like the design of this section. Hope they can improve it."
76561197965776052,Recommended,236870,24840234,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,|GC| Stumbler,"This is an excellent Hitman game, and a substantial one. As an all-in-one package it perhaps doesn’t feel as vast as it did when released in chunks, but it still works well. The experiment to make each level bigger, more distinctive and more ornate instead of having a glut of them has worked extremely well."
,Recommended,236870,25055432,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,☺,"Bad reviews put me off buying this game for a while but since I recently had £40 refunded from No Mans♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I decided to buy this instead, and damn was this a good choice. Very happy with this title, much better than I expected and I felt that it deserved another positive review."
76561198255563756,Not Recommended,236870,22019576,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,KingEdward93,Oops .. YOu Forgot the S front of the HITMAN title please correctit to a S.H.I.T MAN.THank you for your listening
76561197998980518,Not Recommended,236870,30681338,Posted: 23 March,all,GreaseMan,"If you enjoy stealth games just avoid this piece of garbage.At first I was impressed by how huge the levels were and how deep inside each complex the targets were hidden.  Then as I got a few hours in I realized this game is much, much less open then it really seems.  It's extremely gimmicky for a stealth title because of all the ""opportunity events"" that happen around the map.  These are basically conversations that you can eavesdrop on that give you some insight into guard procedure or target habits.  This seems interesting at first but is near impossible to follow up on without the game being in ""full"" advice mode.  This mode simply points you to where you should go next in order to find your way to that next disguise or subterfuge.Without being in ""full advice"" mode you will be floundering around, wandering and wandering around looking for a keycard or badge that lets you complete the next step of the event.  This is more shoehorning than older Hitman titles that just rely on your observational skills when looking for an opening.The levels are packed, I mean PACKED to the brim with guards.  Without using heavy amounts of disguises you will be saving and reloading over and over.  And this is really my main complaint about the game.  It simply was not designed as older stealth games that are extremely punishing when it comes to being discovered.  Instead of ever having to re-do a level you will simply be put back 40-50 seconds as the game is constantly auto-saving.  It's like they encourage save-scumming as much as possible.  Even if you are determined not to save I bet you will end up caving as the conversational events can last as long as 40+ seconds.This makes the Silent Assassin, suit only playthrough (veterans know what I mean) extremely difficult compared to older Hitman games.  You will have to abuse the A.I. in ways you haven't had to before in order to get through totally unseen.And there's the game length....FOURTEEN HOURS!  And that's taking my time!  Six levels that they expect you to playthrough over and over and over.  You don't unlock anything for the next level, you don't purchase any weapons and bring them into the next level.  There's a shallow unlock system after winning a mission that is only pertinant to each of the six levels.  All this does is it makes that level easier as you can spawn closer to the target with more weapons!!  WHY WOULD I WANT AN EASIER VERSION OF THE LEVEL I JUST BEAT!  I JUST BEAT IT FROM THE HARDEST POSSIBLE POSITION!  What a great reward, thank you oh so much!TLDR -Convulted level designExtreme amounts of hand-holding with gimmicky eventsExtremely short overall length, bad price valueBarebones storyBad graphical optimizationHorrible replayabilityIf you spent more than $20 on all six episodes you were robbed."
76561198077450345,Recommended,236870,22716631,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Poonisher,"If you loved blood money, you will love this. dont listen to all these kids complaining about this an that. its a great game. get it. youll love it."
,Recommended,236870,22701943,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jack Bauer,"Hitman Absolution was a disaster , with the score system i felt like ""♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥"" now i can enjoy this game at its full potential and at least before a location releases they give us challenges to perform while we wait , this is what i was waiting for , when it was announced back in 2015 , i was over-hyped about it , the graphics , the ai , the realisticness , all the wait was worth it eveneurogamer.netsays""The Blood Money Follow up we all have benn waitng for""Hitman™ the game that wont disappont you ............. until some idiots ruin it by writing stupid dislike reviews.take ur fkn problems to IO-Interactive™ insted of trying to complain HERE!!!!! they're trying everything in their power to fix the connectivty and also to prevent denovo from being cracked its online always !!!"
76561197967434272,Not Recommended,236870,22193927,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Will,"Before you buy: the settings are LOCKED based on your HW and no matter what HW you have, there's nothing you can do. So the game runs @150 fps but at something what looks like VGA resolution and early Quake engine. I can't set even the resolution on the monitr, which considering I have an ultra wide is a disaster.Since PC is not a console and it allows you to tweak settings to your satisfaction, I've asked for a refund. Really sorry about that, tha game looks great, just not on my PC."
,Recommended,236870,23534666,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,JaxsonG,"Brilliant! Im not the guy who likes to replay games, but not in this case. Greatest assassination game.ps: If you a not that Run&Gun player.pps: just check my ingame time =)"
,Recommended,236870,24797761,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Coznesster Smiff,"Definitely a huge improvement over Absolution. Great gameplay, huge levels, open-ended missions and gorgeous graphics. Probably one of the best Hitman games, no doubt about it. Despite all that, I still think the decision to release new content episodically was a mistake. Hitman was never a very story heavy franchise to begin with, and having to wait to play new levels in a game with a heavy focus on gameplay feels...awkward? I really don't know how to describe it.I just hope this ""episodic"" approach to game releases dies a swift and ignominious death. Leave episodic releases to games like The Walking Dead, the Wolf Among Us and Life is Strange."
76561198269245585,Recommended,236870,24794369,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,sirsquirrels,"all the negative responses come from the people who live in a barn and don't have a steady internet connection and also because it's episodic and maybe because there are some glitches but those are not even game breaking, they are slightley funny but it is an awesome game!!"
76561198001980312,Recommended,236870,24425107,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Chummy 8,"As a casual Hitman fan, having played Hitman 2 and only playing Absolution to completion, I was super unsure about this new episodic format. I was convinced this new Hitman would be a failure and should be avoided. After giving this game some time to come into it's own, I have changed my mind. Hitman (2016) is the best Hitman game ever made and is the definitive Hitman experience. By dropping a new episode every month or so, it allows the player to go back and replay previous  missions in different ways. Whereas, in previous games of the series I would play a mission and immediately move on to the next and the next on after that never even bothering to discover anything I might have missed.Each episode in this new game is expansive, fun to explore, and even more fun to plan out a kill then watch it all go to hell and having to Hitman your way out of a bad situation.Recommended even at it's current state and at full price. There's even still more content coming. With Elusive targets (time limited missions where you can't save or restart if it goes bad), and bonus missions, this is a game you want to pay for in full and get excited whenever you see a new update."
76561197989377135,Recommended,236870,23380308,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,[EOGa] Shade,"This game is a must have for Hitman fans. They have taken the best from Absolution and more importantly Blood money. And combined it into a great Hitman experience. It's worth noting that there is only 3 real maps so far, but I have spend hours playing each and every one. There is something to be said when my biggest complaint is that there isn't more of it."
76561198074175063,Not Recommended,236870,21778620,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,DestineeII,"Buy later, for now it is always online, so a large chunk of the game is locked off if you cant connect. and if you can manage to connect then you will enjoy it for a whopping 3 minutes before you lose it. And to top it all off a episodic series, that could will either work out well for everyone, or fail miserably"
,Recommended,236870,24457480,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Decept404,"What a great game, and what a great way to play it too. I love having content to look forward to and take my time with."
,Recommended,236870,21941476,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Captain Braxton,"Honestly a great addition to the Hitman series, perhaps the best yet. Despite the sizeable amount of negative reviews any Hitman veterans will love the return to classic Hitman.I also like the episodic approach, makes each level seem more special and something worth looking forward to."
76561197972758207,Not Recommended,236870,22037014,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,x3n0s,"vary dissapointed, firstly the frame rate was vary unstable, some times it would be for good reason (with dozens of npc on screen I would expect a dip), but it should not be tanking with only 47 on screen in a small room. After I made it though the opening tutorial and could start playing the paris mision the game froze... in the main menu... I restarted the game and tried to start the paris mision but the game froze again in the main menu... I tried again and got to a loading screen finaly befor it froze once again...This is both unacseptable and (seemingly) underhanded! The problems didnt show up until I had finished the tutorial misions by that time I had nearly spent 100 minutes in game; and I was rushing through the experiance. I could see some players spending multiple hrs. exploring all these misions had to offer befor geting access to the mission select and encountering the same problems I have faced.This is just unaceptable!"
,Recommended,236870,23942605,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HAN'NYA,"Tldr; look to last paragraph.Honestly. This game is underrated. You play as an assassin contracted by the ICA. You're given a mission usually to neutralize two targets. How you do it depends on your skills and ability as player.You've got large open maps individually made for each episode in which you can approach the target(s) directly or indirectly. You can explore opportunities to come close to your target(s). As well as investigate and discover target's exit points by studying evidence scattered around the map by using intrigue and ""searching"" enthusiasm. Once you've found opportunities you can plan and excute your mission all of course by using chain reaction outcomes. Then either wait for the target to flee to their compromised hideout or exit and catch him/her. Perhaps going in with cannons thundering, or the more fluid slitherine approach to your last dance with the target.I have played the older series of Hitman. Absolution, Blood money, Contracts. Totally a worthy buy, stealth and action or even total sabotage is possible. I dare say even without changing your first attire into the mission you can complete the former, although carefully timing your advances and retreats must be taken into consideration at all times when taking a walk in ""restricted"" areas. Finally put there are some bugs here and there for example the sound of the guns are skipping some strikers and guards do not always (unless you have been found wanting and your identity is compromised as the intruder or enemy) have a cone shaped vision( that's 90 degrees infront of their eye sockets). They the guards or enemy soldiers will miss seeing you if you are not present in their scripted scan path, hiding by climbing around the buildings or parkouring around the edges might allow you to slip unnoticed. The A.I. do cooperate with one another however neutralizing a group of warriors before they have a chance to radio back to other teams may prove to the isolation implementation of the developers as to make the game seem more realistic (although I could be wrong).Image One:http://steamcommunity.com/id/101ForFunLols/screenshot/273974515695916887Overall I dare say that anyone who has played Blood money, Contracts, Absolution, will certainly not be dissappointed because of the freedom you are given to approach the mission in several ways and allows you the player to choose the execution style for the selected mission all ofcourse within the limits of access to the target(s).I higly recommand buying the - HITMAN™ – FULL EXPERIENCE [Episodes 1-7] - it will support this great developing company I really am a fan of their work!Stealth is present, Gun blazing is possible but you need to understand that once you've started shooting the targets may escape and you will be surrounded in less than 15 seconds. Using your items will be crucial for those who prefer to make it look like fate. Definitely a better game in the market currently where clandestine missions are executed in ""civilized"" areas. Do know buying the full game will give you access to the seven episodes that are still in production when I typed this the second episode had been completed. Great maps honestly the maps are really well made."
,Recommended,236870,27041520,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lashman,best game ever
,Not Recommended,236870,23605335,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sheppard,"Ok this is the worst hitman game in history.  Where to begin hmmm: Iwill start with movment of the characters in blood money was 100times better that this crap, then animation bugs, AI is shoothing you 2 and see you trough walls, On DX12game is crashing on windows 10 64bit pro so i have to play it on normal dx11 with full settings on by the way. The game is not optimize even for high end PC's alot of frame drops time to time, aiming with gun is terrible was much better in absolution, disguie system is still horrible i perfer blood money style but they wont listen anyway so whats the point + that episodic stuff is worst mistake they made. This is my opinion on the new hitman game. (I played trough every single hitman game cause this was the my fav game along the others in the list but i will have to cut it out from that list. If you need time to developed freaking game take it we will wait dont release it like half finish and filled with bugs and stupid AI."
76561198008819965,Not Recommended,236870,28341761,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Free Roberto,"Good game, bad DRM.Of the vein of Blood Money (no pun intended).  Lotta ways to approach the kill, disguises have weaknesses, but not as badly as Absolution.  I wish there were 2-3 more locations.  The locations on hand are expansive, and replayable due to multiple methods to accomplish most anything (+ contracts).  But even without the awful AODRM, I would've felt burned paying full price.  Needs a couple more levels.  Oh and the Bonus ""Episode"" is not a 7th map, just a couple extra contract-style missions on the 6 maps included with the full game.  Deceptive marketing on top of shoddy DRM.  Fantastic.So yeah, don't pay full price.  Pick it up on sale, 50%+ discount if you need a modernized Blood Money fix.  Just expect to deal with some BULLLLSH to legitimately enjoy your Hitman experience.Pay the man, but don't reward him for his arrogance.  50%+ discount."
,Not Recommended,236870,26757057,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,xrist0s rs,"very short game not as satifying as the other hitmansgood graphics good gameplaystory is avgno replay value for me personally, may be for others"
,Recommended,236870,26756919,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Damuel,If you can get over the always online DRM butthurt this is one of the best murder simulators and the best Hitman game ever made.
,Not Recommended,236870,21821088,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gnaxer⋅ᶜᵒᵐ,"i wanted a hitman game and did not know that i would be reseaving 2 levels. and not the whole game. its a finacial risk to buy this game. the content moddel is going to fail and i will lose interest before the end of the year. since we are getting 7 ""episodes""if thay keep this up thats going to be exstreamly low amount of content7 seasons2 missins per season14 levels in total.... over the course of a year?come on you got to be kidding me!"
76561198082419437,Not Recommended,236870,21775223,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kunix,"Although the bad support and the always onlie drm it isent that bad of a game  although i miss there were more than 2 hours of the history in a launch, although i hope they managed to get the next episodes ready, and do those guys who bought the introduction page you should have done your research on it."
76561198023777317,Not Recommended,236870,21778203,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Burkejn,I can't believe that i just payed 49 euros for 2 training missions and 1 real mission.... and have to wait 1 month for a new mission/location... I'm absolutely blown away :S:S:S This is ♥♥♥♥ing criminal.... DO NOT BUY!
76561198008704002,Not Recommended,236870,21796427,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Slowdive,"Pay half for only the tutorial mission!Pay the full price for only the first mission!No inovation, same old gameplayAI is as always terrible!Not worth the money!Way to go Squere Enix!"
76561198007326294,Not Recommended,236870,21820747,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dr. Frasier Crane,"I like hitman, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥with different episodes and having to wait for them is ridiculous. Also, you have to be online at all times, which is also ridiculous. This is not PC gaming. Stop this♥♥♥♥♥♥please. Hitman games have a story, like this it's just not a cool experience to play the game. Absolution I finished for the first time in 2 days. It was a great experience. With this episode nonsense I'm not feeling the experience of a hitman game. Seriously a wasted opportunity."
,Not Recommended,236870,21771635,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Alpha #47,I played beta i was getting 30+ FPS. Now 10-15 its very bad pc port.
,Not Recommended,236870,21777239,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Haxmaster,"Had a ton of framerate issues. Would also be important to mention the single mission story available at launch. Theres a tutorial, a training mission and then one actual mission and then theres nothing else to do unless you like multiplayer. For all the time spent working on this game I would have hoped for a complete product."
,Not Recommended,236870,21793075,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Renegade-Of-Funk,"I'll give you the short.Can't even get 10 minutes into the tutorial without getting disconnected from the HITMAN servers and my internet is fine.A lot of people having this problem and you can't even unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥without being connected online. Square Enix better learn from this, It's unacceptable.But pirates are to blame."
76561198057355189,Not Recommended,236870,21795260,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Viktor,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,236870,21796390,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mr_H,"Apparently I was one of hte lucky ones who had no problem with the graphical side of the game (only one CTD on setup), so I got to play through it last night.The Good-This is like Hitman Blood Money 2.  Much better then absolution.-Paris level is HUGE...really well done.-The level has a fair amount of replayability.The Bad-Only one episode/map for now, so be aware of that.-Half of my friends were completly unable to play due to poor optimization/graphics issues. Why is there hardware locking?-Always on connection: Seriously, this is a single player game. There is NO reason it has to be online at all.To follow up on the always on connection issue: Getting halfway through a mission then disconnecting and losing your progress is a horrible thing.  There's no reason for you to need to be connected to achieve the goals/unlocks. None whatsoever.    As a result, I find myself rushing through missions to get unlocks so that I can try it from different angles...I don't take the time to enjoy the game as much as I'd like to.TL;DR version:  Hitman Blood Money 2 hampered by unecessary always on issue.If the technical and always on issues are fixed, I'd recommend it. If you're really itching to play it, get it on sale.  Don't buy the full game, it's not worth it at this point."
,Not Recommended,236870,21775257,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Phelior [PL],"I was huge fan of hitman series but this game is just fuc*ed up..It is fuuuul of bugs. It hangs in first boat mission when passing by ""fire alarm"" button.When i load the game it look like sh*t (everything is very bright and i cannot see anything but minimap)I cannot change texture quality (only low option - my graphic card have 2GB of VRAM)I really don't recommend to buy it !!!!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21775303,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dogstar,"After some initial reviews, I was really excited about this game. I'm sure it's a great game. I just can't play it because every time I try to load into the tutorial level, the game locks up on the load screen at 75%. Every time. At least, I'm pretty sure it's locking up. It's impossible to tell, but the alternative is that the loading times are 15+ minutes, and that's not a reasonable thing to ask a consumer to sit through.So, I'm requesting a refund. I might circle back to this game months from now, when they've ironed out the enormous technical issues, but for now, not worth the money."
76561198013147155,Not Recommended,236870,21791719,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Modda,"5 years ago this would never have happened, we would have gotten a FULL game. This episode release just sucks the fun out of the experience. The gameplay is really good, the game is fun, why could they not just wait to release it in full? I am disappointed."
,Not Recommended,236870,21821655,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,kg,"Having bought tons of games that Square Enix put out in the last few years, this game made me feel like they simply conned me.I just paid 50 euros for an early access game. There are two training missions (and one in the Paris DLC) and then you get to replay them infinitely. Compared to games that I've just finished Like Just cause 3, the lara croft games and other AAA titles, this feels like a con trick at 50 euro.A refund request was declined because I ""played"" this game for 4 hours, in truth I've spent at least 2 and a half trying to get the game to run smoothly on my very very powerful system. Switching to directx 12 crashes the system upon mission start, directx 11 shows tons of graphical glitches, portals, flickering lights. The joke is that they show the AMD logo during loading, I've got a Radeon R9 390 and this game is utter trash, constant fps drops, too many graphical glitches to list. (yet other games run flawlessly, the card is fine)I was a bug tester for Sega many, many years ago, this game is an early beta at best. It's nowhere near finished. It will be great once finished, in a year or so, but it's not yet and shame on Square Enix for asking so much money for something that isn't finished. Shame on you."
76561197961664858,Not Recommended,236870,21822122,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,"Unfortunately I need to leave a negative review for this game. I've played every game in the HItman series and loved them all. This one has issues. I did play in the beta and the game ran fine on my system, but now that its the actuall release, I only get 9 fps on max settings. If I turn down some settings I can get an average of 27fps.. This kind of makes the game hard to play, so I can't rate it on the gameplay. Hopefully square enix will patch the game soon. I only bought the intro pack and if the issues arent fixed I won't be buying the rest. Also the game does have an online only DRM, so if that bothers you, don't buy.My system specs:Intel Core i7-4790 @ 3.60GHz12.0 GB RAMWindows 10 64 bitTwo Nvidia GeForce 760s in SLI modeIf they patch the game and make it more playable I'll update my review."
,Recommended,236870,22947652,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAyvLU3b2xoHitman Is Fun as alwaysWhile people have been complaining lot of stuff on release, most of its fixed, however this offline/online thing is rather annoying. Then there is this whole release schedule which is rather slow, but i guess i got other games to play as well so i dont really mind, but i can see how other people would find this very unideal situationCompared to Absolution the game is rather stealth based and you just can´t go gunz blazing around and shoot everyone (you will die if you engage more than 2 enemies very likely). Stealth, Cover, timing and preparation play big part in Hitman 2016.Lot of the episodes offer different excecution methods and styles you can complete it. So there is lot of replaybility in the missions, plus there are lot of in-game achievements and missions you can do. Ive spent already +10h on both paris and sapienza levels, imagination is only the limit."
76561198088549182,Recommended,236870,21791009,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Force Is Strong,8/10
,Not Recommended,236870,22198291,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ItsBildo,"Ugh, let me preface this with I have every Hitman game, aside from any mobile variant. I love the Hitman series, but this one is broken. Sure it looks great, sure it handles somewhat decently, but the AI, and the bugs? I tried to garrote someone, in a hallway, all alone, I successfully killed him and got ""crime noticed, being hunted"". So I turn on instinct, no one is alarmed or alerted. I go down the stairs (2 floors and 100 feet sideways mind u) and some random starts bugging out screaming I'm a killer. This game honestly made me sad, such potential."
76561198067674592,Recommended,236870,23499709,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Thatbrownmonster,"""Having a smile gives you better tips""-Trows coins at man""THIS MAN IS POSSESED BY THE DEVIL!""-picks coins and trows again""SECURITY!SECURITY!""11/10 Would get shoot for trowing money"
,Not Recommended,236870,33097025,Posted: 1 July,all,FMVB()BenStein,I heaven't been able to play online in for about a week. The game is basically contentless without the ability to go online.
,Recommended,236870,24789465,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Daniel,"Ignore the bad reviews.Its the sequal to Blood money i've always wanted.  Mechanics are great, levels are amazing and HUGE. I have had slight performace issues, and a couple crashes when tabbing out. but nothing game breaking. Also, the always on DRM is lame.Overall it's fantastic, and recommend it to anyone who was a fan of the older hitman games. I can't wait for more episodes."
,Recommended,236870,22795818,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,proff IT,This episodic content makes me enjoy the game longer.
76561198285012636,Not Recommended,236870,21994004,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,elduderino1776,"Love hitman. However, playing a game one level at a time really sucks. I absolutely hate this format. LAME!!"
,Not Recommended,236870,22245346,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zoctre,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.This game has locks on the textures based on your GPU, it crashes constantly, the NPCs don't sound have the accents specific to the level, and the weapons menu is a joke. You can't customize weapons anymore, you have to earn the right to have silenced weapons other than pistols, the silverballers are better than the stock guns with no indication, and the NPCs do random things like shooting you even though there's no way you were a suspect, or some civilian is able to go to the restricted sections."
,Not Recommended,236870,22181846,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lord Sedriss,"As much as I love this series, and playing it again was a welcomed treat, I absolutely regret buying this...the buggy play, crashes and having to wait (weeks, if not more) to play one more mission (then wait some more) or just play the same one again and again is killing my love for the series and square enix."
,Not Recommended,236870,21778723,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,gbMeneghetti,"Dont buy the game right now. FPS issues, performance issues in general. Really bad graphics for a 03/2016 game. The missons look fun, but It looks the game is not ready yet. I have a gtx 970 and the game barely gets 40 fps on mediun/high  so yeah I am pretty disappointed with It."
,Recommended,236870,23089159,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Plastic Legs,No idea why this game has mixed reviews.
,Not Recommended,236870,23052399,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Orellian,"Game is OK, feels more carebear than say, blood money.Level design is great, but what really bugs me is the episodic content release. I'm a sucker so will pay for these levels but it does certianly make me cringe to pay +£7 for a single level released in this way.The additional ""content"" which is effectively a different way of killing a target within the same environment doesn't really wash as more value for me."
,Recommended,236870,24417255,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fantastapotamus,Sapienza might be the be the best map ever put in a Hitman game. This is an amazing game. If you liked Blood Money you will like Hitman 2016.
,Not Recommended,236870,23789042,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,-.R,I finally have time to play this sinlge player game but the server is down. servers me right for buying it.
,Not Recommended,236870,30486337,Posted: 13 March,all,Yam God,Play the same map 500 times for hours to watch a mildly amusing death happen. All for the low price of 60 DOLLARS.
76561198013502425,Not Recommended,236870,29365443,Posted: 19 January,all,kermit,"A game I'd recommend to get on sale if you liked previous hitman titles. You get a prologue, 7 levels proper and 2 derivative levels if you buy all of season one. Three of said 7 levels are gimmicky, but well polished. Production value is high on this one. The gripe I have with all of them is that the player is not solving any problem more complicated than: ""where do I throw my magic coin, so guard x will go 'dispatch, I have a possible disturbance, investigating!'"" and I can pacify him without his buddy noticing. All of the observation and different ways to do the hits is spelled out for you. No thinking required, no clever creativity required or rewarded. All is spelled out for you on either in the opportunities screen or the challenges screen. You can ignore it, I supposed. But to some extent, it's like trying to ignore quest markers in Fallout 4, or Skyrim. The game is not very well equipped to communicate what it wants from you without them.The game goes back to old hitman gameplay in some ways. But that's not a good thing. It is not a progression to a better place, it's a regression. Compared with say, splinter cell chaos theory, which shares many gameplay elements, the new hitman does not achieve any level of plausible immersion in the world. It's gimmicky and gamey, because, well, the old hitman titles had gimmicky and gamey gameplay features. With Sam Fisher, you were there, with Agent 47, you're playing an arcade game. Most notably once you complete the 7 main missions and start exploring the 'side-content' which just means playing and re-playing the same level over and over and over again, but the objectives are generic and boring, and there's no commentary from Diana.Story is apparently designed with the goal of having neither the player nor 47 care about it. A hop-on, hop-off experience. The story does not have any tangible connection to the missions. Ties in with the ability to buy individual levels piecemeal. How can there be a story arc, if all missions  are optional. I'm pretty sure they've come up with the mission locations and targets first, then did not care to connect them with any kind of plot. The plot that is supposed to connect them is so thin, it barely is even there, and if it wasn't you would not miss it. Failing to give the player a sense of purpose except for seeing the level or beating a challenge is not a good thing. The 'episodic' nature of the thing hurts it.I have to point out the lack of content. It stretches its piecemeal 7 maps with the less than plausible gimmicky gameplay so thin, it cannot stand on its own. Yeah, gimmicky. You can put on some pants and a hat, and a hot-shot super intelligent not-even-drunk bio-scientist will confuse you entirely with their lover. Not just the looks, the voice too. Nevermind. There are titles that do not have many levels, but still keep you playing because the gamplay or story, or immersion are engrossing for hours on end. How many levels does an early Splinter Cell game have? Not that many, and yet the gameplay, story and immersion make it worth your while. This is not one of these games. They try to keep you coming back with lacklustre online features, and makeshift content like the elusive targets. Marketing manipulators trying to 'engage' with you and 'keep you interested'. The product itself cannot do it. Imagine how much appeal the Dark Souls series would lose if they introduced MMO-features and released every single level and boss as paid DLC. It's about as much as the hitman series lost.Escalation contracts are a slap in the face. A true MMO-for-single-player invention. You have to play a lifeless gimmicky challenge run to kill some random NPC dude or another five times before it's complete. On each completion they'll throw more gimmicky complications at you. No reasons. No story. Like they'll ask that you can't put your pistol away for more than 7 seconds or you fail the mission immediately. You read that right. You have to run around with a gun drawn, or keep pulling it out and holstering it every 7 seconds. And having a disguise on that would make it not suspicious to have a gun drawn is also forbidden. It adds to the challange. That it does, but it entirely removes any possibility for suspension of disbelief.Another online feature is the score system. It is designed for speed-runners. It really is. Check out some of the youtube footage of people doing high-score runs. Just so you get a feel for the way it's meant to be played. An older hitman game would not even entertain the idea of leaderboards, because it's a bad fit.And before you point out that I could ignore all the side-stuff that I don't like, then yeah. A game about subterfuge and silent assassin gameplay is supposed to deliver that experience. Asking me to ignore the majority of what the main menu is showing is like asking me to ignore the pickles on my burger and just remove them. And then insist I should really like the big expensive burger with extra pickles that has the meat replaced with a vegan substitute. Extra pickles are free. So are the elusive targets, escalation contracts, player contracts, the leaderboards, and the vampire costume."
,Recommended,236870,23369064,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Apocaliptica,"I dont see why all the people in their reviews complain about the ""always on DRM"", since you're online all the time anyway. Yes, it sucks if you're getting kicked out of the game, but the game will be saved and you may continue immediately. I only had like 2 disconnects within ~80 hrs of gameplay. All these reviews dont show the real potential of the game.pros:-The first three episodes are each unique and are very well designed; huge sandbox levels instead of Absolution-like tube maps-There are a lot of ways to eliminate your target either by ""accidents"" or direct approach.-More and more start places, smuggle locations, and weapons are getting unlocked.-Contract mode to create your own killing missions + elusive targets.-Very good graphics and performance and nice soundtrack.cons:-I miss some features from Blood Money like human shields, customizable weapons and these funny after-mission stories in the newspapers.-controls are a bit wierd.-the voicing is inappropiate, all the civilians, guards, etc. are speaking with either strong us-american or british accent in foreign countries.neutral:-episodic; it sucks not to have a full game by now, but it's better than waiting for a full release at the end of the year.I'd still give it a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,236870,29976015,Posted: 16 February,all,Shazam MC,what can i sayjust find a screwdriver and u will be invincible(reminds me of a halo 2 sword)Dont expect a challenge from this gameWish i can refund this game
,Recommended,236870,30036242,Posted: 19 February,all,Jovan Dragic,"So I have been reading a lot of these reviews, either positive or negative.First of all, I have to clear out something: This game is one of the best games next to Hitman: Blood Money (in my opinion). I've seen people being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it being related to online to play singleplayer. That's not IO's problem.Second of all, for the people complaining about graphics: don't play the game on a potato.I like this game a lot and I'll be sure to play a lot more in the future.I highly recommend buying it only if you're sure about the fact that you will like it."
76561198005777386,Not Recommended,236870,21777751,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Radox,After 30 mins I actually (IRL really did) double check my steam receipt just to make sure - yes i did buy the 'full experience'.Then i checked the calendar - phew...April fools day is still a couple of weeks away.Now I'm hearing that a disgruntled employee switched the production file with the demo file just before releaseI'm also hearing they are not billing credit cards until they actually release the game. Its all good peeps - they've got our back.Its just one of those release day glitches that us as consumers are conditioned to accept. Nothing to worry about.
,Not Recommended,236870,21775466,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Fisiacik ♥,refund time
76561198267593251,Not Recommended,236870,21812363,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,gerabubble,is there only one mission right now ? payed 70 bucks for one mission?????
76561198126914538,Not Recommended,236870,21775658,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bartonia,"The actual content here is high quality with lots of potential, its just there is not enough content here to justify a good purchase. There is slight replay value but it is worth waiting until more content is added however overall lots of potential."
76561198007311598,Not Recommended,236870,21778767,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,goddog,"while the one mission is fun... seems to be very buggy,  switch to episodic .. well sucks.I will say at least  the one mission is better then the last game. just really let down by what is avalible right now. if episodic is the future i may stop gaming."
76561198108618777,Recommended,236870,21789079,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Assassin's™selawe,good game
76561197968019142,Not Recommended,236870,21798807,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wraith,"Episodic Campaign, basically the two Beta levels (small maps) that you can replay over and over and the released campaign map - Paris, again play over and over (basically the Intro pack content).  Really they should have released at least 3 campaign levels (not including the beta ones) so you had some actual content before the next few are released.  I've heard some argue that the Paris map is very large and contains a large portion of Paris (i.e. open world), having played this game and been to Paris recently... ; what you really get is one building and it's surrounding gardens with a Paris scenic backdrop, all closed off from access along with most of the garden areas.If you really want this game, wait for it to go on Christmas sale as the lack of content will lead to a massive reduction in cost by then which the developers deserve for ""Releasing"" a full cost product listed as an open and large world game; which is more like a tech demo and a dated one at that.  Gameplay is very much like all the other Hitman's before it and nothing significantly new or rewarding awaits."
76561198047209353,Not Recommended,236870,21803937,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,OverDeNexus,"*UPDATED REVIEW* 15/3/16They released a new patch that claims to address the connection issue. For me it didn't work, still the same old issue. "" Failed to load content...... Will be brought offline""Platform: SteamInternet Speed: 10 mbps (not the fastest there is, but more than sufficeint)Region: SEACountry MalaysiaPlease work harder Io-Interactive.... As for me, I'll keep trying for the next coming weeks....Hopefully by then the problem is fixed, else I'll be refunding this crap...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*REVIEWED ON DAY 1 RELEASE*The gameplay itself is okay, graphic wise is not that impressive.Now what frustrates me is the online connectivity. Can't seem to connect to the freaking server.Please fix this.... Luckily i just bought the intro pack and not the full experience pack. Until the connection issue is fixed,i'm definitely not buying its future expansion.For you folks out there that haven't already bought this game yet, stay away for now."
,Recommended,236870,23289836,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SuPeRaLi ✪,Very good game.
,Not Recommended,236870,24520576,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,|51st|.Rct.Toxic ツ,"The Hitman series has always caught my attention, and with the new game out I had to buy it! As of now the game includes 3 episodes (including Paris) and one bonus. While I want to say that these maps are huge, I still think I will be getting bored quick. Barely one episode out a month will not keep me playing like I wish I did, Also the fact you need Online to play, which yes disables people from cracking it, its just stupid.I would suggest this game but not at this time.Lets hope they can make me change my mind from negative to positive.EDIT ON OCTOBER 2nd:There are now 5 episodes which does mean they released one a month, congratulations. Episode 3 was okay, didn't play it much because I got bored quick. Episode 4 was absolutely awesome, but they failed on episode 5. Episode 5 is said to be located in Colorado, but I do not see one thing that reminds me of the States, instead they should've done something more fun like New York or Las Vegas where the map would involve much more than just targets and mean dudes.Episode 6 is said to be located in Japan, but with episode 5 out I feel like they will mess up and have some winter climate. Dumb and money ♥♥♥♥♥ devs....Lets hope by the time the full game is released, i have changed my mind!"
,Not Recommended,236870,22054133,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nico Nico Nii,"Don't buy this game right now if you can help it.Optimization is REALLY bad, I'm running at 1080p on an overclocked  i7 4770k backed by a single GTX 980 and 16GB of RAM and it dips below 30fps frequently. It's very possible that Square Enix knows this, and makes the game ""episodic"" to buy the devs more time to fix it...at least I hope they plan to fix it. How they messed up this badly I don't know - Absolution ran smoothly all the time on my old, slightly weaker machine.Gameplay itself is actually very good. If you run around, you will find ""Challenges"" in which the game essentially holds your hand to fulfill an objective. Overall it's a much easier game to get into than any Hitman before it (remember the last mission of Silent Assassin when you fought alone against 30 guys with sniper rifles all camping in a church?). One drawback is that you die pretty easily (2-3 gunshots) so mass shooting your way through is probably not going to work most of the time unlike Absolution.Graphics look okay even on medium, but not spectacular on ultra either. For the hardware requirement I expected more. But this game honestly has never been about awesome graphics. It looks as good as or better than Absolution if memory serves me correctly, and I'm fine with it. At least 47's head actually looks round now instead of jagged thanks to the power of 1080p and AA/AF.I admit, I am a Hitman fanatic like most of you. If you are like me and have a decent PC, I think you will love the experience more than hate. If you're not, don't bother right now - at least wait until it is 3-4 episodes in and see if the situation gets better. I'm sure this review section will constantly get updated as episodes come out."
,Recommended,236870,31321200,Posted: 23 April,all,DarkOrion11,The ultimate Hitman sandbox everyone wanted. Everything about this game is perfect and its best in the series IMO.
,Recommended,236870,26076205,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CjuGames,"In my opinion, it's a strong contender for the best game of the Hitman series.It's incredibly replayable as each mission gives you many different routes and opportunities to kill your targets. There's so much to explore and discover (especially in the earlier episodes) that you'll probably spend hours just scoping out all the possibilities, eavesdropping the brilliantly funny conversations and trying to find all the strange weapons and disguises at your disposal.What really makes this a game you'll keep coming back to, is that even after you're familiar with the game and have finished the main missions, there's a load of extra escalation missions, hidden challenges and player-created contracts to complete too.It looks great, feels great and I hope this is what all future Hitman games strive to be.Absolutely play this if you liked Blood Money (and maybe want to get the bad taste of Absolution out of your mouth)."
,Not Recommended,236870,24249805,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Le Chevalier d'argent,"Always online DRM, crashes, pay to play every episode besides 3 basic training ""missions"", no thanks"
76561198030096654,Recommended,236870,23535107,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,noma,wait for denovo to be cracked lmoa
,Not Recommended,236870,21995124,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bernie Sanders,kinda sucks that the full game isnt out yet.. dont buy the full experience..
76561197981615906,Not Recommended,236870,30571738,Posted: 17 March,all,HK.Lekch,"what the hell is it?If you fail the contract of elusive target, you have not any chance to play it againI paid money to buy this game for one time mission, that's scam"
76561198069488848,Not Recommended,236870,22648693,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,onlymasterfull1,This is a dam joke. First you take FOREVER to release episode two then you can't even get it right. Shows it's downloaded but guess what it's not playable. If you ever expect me to buy a game from you again it better not be in these dam episodes. What a crock of S**t
,Not Recommended,236870,21993562,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,RMJ,"Cant recommend the game atm.The game runs horrible even on high ends system. That game isnt that graphically amazing to warrent such poor performanceConstant disconnection from the server, meaning you get booted out of your current mission.No communication from the developer, or any indication as to if they are listening and working to fix the issues.The online crap, means that at some point in the future when they shutdown the server, a lot of the content will be unavailble, meaning you will be left with a broken half baked game."
,Recommended,236870,22124699,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GLaDOS,"People are again complaining about everything.Real Hitman players now have what they wanted: No storyline that needs to be followed (as in Hitman: Absolution) and a free-roam open world with a lot of details, kill-opportunities, disguises and a better disguise-blown system then all the titles before had combined. Also the map is back.People are always complaining instead of enjoying a good game.Hitman is the best title of the series so far and combines the pros of Bloodmoney with the pros of Absolution.The rendering is done by the glacier-engine which uses Supersampled AA, which I don't really like but I'm not going into this detail because the visuals themselves look amazing. I enjoy the excessive intelligent usage of parallaxmapping on the walls and the great skin-shader on the characters.The leveldesign itself is amazing, there is absolutly no space you can't reach within the map. A lot of vertical movementopportunities and very realistic crowd behaviour."
76561198210310185,Not Recommended,236870,24421004,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Trafo,bad for me because i was buy the intro pack that i think same with full exp
,Not Recommended,236870,21776401,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Electrax,Don't buy this.
76561198009261530,Recommended,236870,21782938,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lex Luthor,"I'm sorry to hear so many people are having issues with Hitman so far.  I have only had one issue with the game so far. I was not able to log into the sever.  Waited like 10 mins, and it finally let me in. I really like the gameplay of this game. It gives you so many options to kill your target!  I just wish I didnt have to wait to get more content. Really low amount content at launch for $59... Performance wise Ive been able to run this game 50-60 fps with FXAA, High, DX12, and Vsync. Even in the paris level with a high level croud at lowest 40fps(Even then I didnt notice too much of a difference).  I have a FX-9590, 8GB RAM, 2 670's FTW EVGA (8gb VRAM total). However this game SLI profile does not work. Im only using 1 670. I did find a dark secret for NVIDIA users. In nivida conrol panel under ""Configure SLI, Surround, PhysX"" Under the PhysX settings for Processor: Select CPU. This basicly disables Nvidia's PhysX which Ive noticed can slow things down. Try that and see if there was a FPS boot. Worked for me :) Hopfully they will optimize it even better!"
,Not Recommended,236870,21812896,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Rincewind,The 1 main mission can be completed in about 10 minutes.
,Recommended,236870,21928207,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lonje,"I like this game, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys Hitman games, and to people who enjoy sandbox stealth games; the fact that it's episodic means that you can just buy the the Intro Pack and if you don't like it, you haven't thrown 60 bucks out the window.The criticisms are definitely legitimate. You can only play with an active connection to the server; it happened once (luckily in between missions) that I was disconnected from Sqare Enix's servers even though I had an active internet connection. That's very, very silly, and it's sad that publishers still insist on such intrusive DRM, even when faced with examples like Witcher 3, showing that DRM is not at all necessary for a game to be successful.Another point that people make is that it's really only one mission. So you get about two and a half tutorial missions, and then one 'real' mission in the Intro Pack. That does sound like precious little to do, and to some people it is; but this one real mission has a *lot* of replayability. It is set in an absolutely enormous area with great details and there are a whole lot of different ways to complete it, most of which seem to have a challenge attached to them, so you have some idea of the different ways to attempt the mission. If you're the type to try and find all sorts of different secrets and different ways to take on an objective in a video game, you will definitely get your money's worth.And this game really makes you feel like a professional hitman, if you're the type that can get immersed in a game like this.However, if you're the type to try and find the quickest, most direct way, or you play games for the story, this game is not for you, I think. The story so far is stretched very thin, even across so little content, and seems, frankly, quite weak.So, in summary: this is had the potential of being an amazing game, but was held back by stupid publishing and an episodic model that many people are skeptical about. If you can look past these drawbacks, there's the first part of a great game in there, and if the parts yet to be released are as good as this, it's worth getting despite the crap you have to put up with.One last thing: I'm playing this game on Low-Medium settings, with a GTX 970, but it looks quite amazing. I can only imagine what it looks like on Ultra settings. I'm not sure what this says about more low-end hardware, but I recommend you do some research to see if it'll run acceptably on your machine."
,Not Recommended,236870,22657187,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Psalm,I have enjoyed every Hitman game from Codename 47 to Absolution.  I've played and own them on the PC and consoles...  I returned this game after playing it for a couple hours.  I'd rather play the orginal on PC which more playable than this game... smh.  Waiting for the next Hitman game.  Hopefully next time they get it right.
,Recommended,236870,21967735,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,thebeast778,I wish this one had an Human Shield option and that you could use the poison syringe when someone is unconcious.
,Recommended,236870,21961923,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nomad,"Online DRM and performance issues aside, this game is great. Very open, many ways to complete your tasks, good level design. Contracts mode is very good and allows the community to create many challenging and fun missions. One thing to take note is this is an 'episodic' game, theres currently only three stages. 2 training/tutorial missions (which are also very fun, although the stages are smaller compared to the main level.) and the main mission, I've seen lots of people complain about lack of content so just a heads up for those that dont know.Overall I'd give it a 8/10."
76561197977285649,Recommended,236870,21963202,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Vichyvatten,"The tutorial missions and the main Paris mission that you get for the 12 euro pricetag is well worth it. If your main goal with the game is to find and assassinate your targets and then close the game, you will find yourself done after a couple of hours. But if you are like me and try to beat every challenge and find every way to complete your goal, you will invest far more time in the game. So far I've spent 13 hours on the 3 missions and I'm not done yet. Perhaps I'm not as quick as others, but I enjoy the process of perfecting an assassination and beat the challenge or just do the contracts other players have made.As for the always-online DRM, it doesn't bother me. Never once have I been dropped from the servers or failed to connect. I have never once even thought of it being an always online game. The optimization is flawless on my rig, which is a rather high end spec. I have not come across any bugs or gamebreaking glitches as of yet.I would recommend this game to anyone who liked the previous Hitman games or if you want a game where stealth and creative thinking is the key to reach the best possible score. If you're uncertain of the 49 euro pricetag, pick up the 1st episode and see how you like it. If it's not for you, there's always steam refund."
,Recommended,236870,21793071,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Rabbit,"needs some optimization, a patch should come soon, but over all its a nice game good graphics and good gameplay 8/10"
,Not Recommended,236870,21797848,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,haloharry,"all ways online DRMif you lose connection with the server it immediately kicks you out of the mission you are in put's you in the main menu, i have been playing for 1.5hrs so far ive had 5 lose connection so far"
76561198006064887,Not Recommended,236870,21776069,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Willibald,"Got recommended pc specs, running every setting on low, framerate drops below 40 fps in certain areas -> refund plz. bye"
76561197971381850,Recommended,236870,21781501,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,zorianarki,"Finally we get a real hitman game! This is like blood money all over again, even the two intro missions have tons of ways of doing them and lots of interesting conversations to listen in on, weird mechanics to manipulate in order to get fantastic kills. This is the hitman game we've been wanting ever since blood money! And if the release model miffs you just get the intro pack and check it out, it is more than worth the price as a stand alone mini sandbox."
,Recommended,236870,21782071,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Erkor,"HITMAN™ as a game is quite refreshing in my eyes. It has improved upon its predecessor, Absolution, and in turn took elements from older games, namely Blood Money to please fans and give a greater gameplay experience.In turn, you are able to explore your level, choose how you want to kill, how you want to look and how you want to approach your target, or targets. You can choose from a great variety of weapons inside a level, ranging from screwdrivers to lethal syringes, fire axes, various pistols and even rifles and shotguns in some cases.The only level in the intro pack is the Showstopper level, which is disappointing, but already nice in its own right. The graphics in this game are stunning, of course, and despite people disliking 47's new appearance, I'm content with it as it doesn't necessarily matter.Do you remember how he looked like in Hitman: Silent Assassin™? It was an abomination. An inflatable balloon, more like.You can as always disguise yourself, and instead of an action bar to choose your weapons from, it returns to the weapon wheel in a Blood Money style fashion.The episodic model is overall disappointing if not annoying, but I can safely say that under the circumstances of the company, it's understandable. IO Interactive had lost a lot of money and needed to make some in turn to avoid being closed down or laid off by Square Enix, and the game itself seems very promising as well.However, not every game is perfect. HITMAN™ suffers from various performance problems, even on my machine, lowering my FPS to >30 in crowds, specifically in the Paris level. I hope IO makes an optimization patch in the near future.The gameplay can be tedious as well, as sometimes the characters make one cycle onto an area that can be used to kill them, I.E. the showstage in Paris, only to never return or return in perhaps 10-20 minutes.However, I think the game should still be played assuming you can do so. I suggest you have a good machine, as older machines probably lag like sin.also the always online sucks but cant fix it myselfstill nice game"
76561198050123056,Recommended,236870,21786709,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hoodryder,"So everyone's raging and crying while I'm enjoying the game. It runs at a stable 60fps and my rig costed like € 800 last year.IT'S EPISODIC HURF DURFYes it is. You knew. Everyone knew. The first episode however is pretty good. The paris level is very detailed in terms of the map, the npc's, everything. There's tons of ways you can achieve your goal but none of them are easy.Don't wanna buy because of the always online♥♥♥♥♥♥ I understand that, but just letting you all know that the actual game is pretty good so far."
,Recommended,236870,21794202,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Snow,i can see why people are complaning i had the same issues but if they upgrated there drivers the game works fine just wish there was sli support
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,236870,22649031,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kempeorlaxan,Because its♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,236870,21788877,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ApolokiA,"To those who are complaining that it doesn't run as smoothly as Absolution, I believe this is because  this game probably needs a harsher detail drop for lower end machines. I am currently running at 4K @ 50FPS. Modifying the level of detail doesn't seem to change things a lot. Apparently, it changes draw distance, possibly LOD distance.I can see the improvement in the models, the increase in detail, texture resolutions, etc, but this is a game where gameplay is key, and they could benefit from lower end machines just looking a little more plain. Having said that, I enjoy how the game plays, the challenges add replay value on top of trying to perfect the hit, or just mucking about.I am loving this game, and highly recommend it IF you have a recent, high-end gaming machine. I would recommend at least a GTX970 (nVidia) or equivalent graphics card, and without a doubt 4 core CPU over 3GHz. There is a lot going on, and being rendered in most views, especially the crowds."
,Recommended,236870,21789868,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SatanicMikey666,"I'm loving the game so far, just wish there was more to it on release day. There isn't really any new content since the beta. Really hoping they release new missions in a timely manner."
76561198263333776,Recommended,236870,21784344,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ThePunisher,"Just Awesome.... and yeah.... its Blood money 2 :PGood graphicsgood gaemplay...but i didnt get the chance to change the difficulty level...as we could in Absolution... like expert,Purist etc.....Overall Good game.... but waiting each month for new episode/mission is quite annoying !"
,Not Recommended,236870,26738207,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,abrad1212 | Overwatch Lord,Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Connecting to the HITMAN server. Please Wait!Screw the HITMAN SERVERS
,Recommended,236870,26346125,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,.Jib,"Basically, it's Blood Money 2.If that doesn't convince you to play this game then nothing will."
,Recommended,236870,21791833,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hankshaw,"BE WARNED: The game will release further maps for free down the line and is not a complete experience at the time of this review. The DRM isnt mandatory but if you are online and DC, the game shut down.- The intropack is a safe bet if you want to save your money ""just to see how it works out"". Its a good experience for the price.- A ton of replayability.- Feel more like a puzzlegame like Blood Money did, compared to the corridor shooter of Absolution.Fans of Hitman will be happy but if you feel you can wait, just wait out until the game is finished. It wasnt rushed out of the gates broken but it was rushed out with missing content."
,Recommended,236870,21788738,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sir Buttbumski,"This Hitman game feels like a Hitman game.In all seriousness, so far I can't really say anything bad about this game.The levels are vast and my god the amount of ways to complete your objective are plentiful.The way disguises work is so much better than it was in Absolution, the devs really learned from their mistakes there.The gameplay is fun, and definitely challening. The Paris level took me 4 tries before I actually beat it.The replay value is high with an improved Contracts mode and Escalation missions. We will also see live contracts in the future. Every mission also has a ton of challenges for you to complete.Completing challenges will gain you mastery levels over a mission and every mastery level unlocks things like new weapons, entry points and supply drops within the mission.Like everyone, I am disappointed by the episodic release schedule. I wish I could play more right now, instead of having to wait another month.The always online feauture also needs to be looked at because currently if you disconnect while in a mission, you will be forced to go back to the main menu and lose your progress.Despite this, the game itself is absolutely amazing and I highly recommend it to fans of the series.Maybe get the intro pack for now as it is cheaper and will give you everything that is available at release.All in all I rate this game: 9/10For me, this is Blood Money 2.0"
,Not Recommended,236870,24962369,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,boznion,I bought the intro pack to this game with the thinking i could purchase the episodes as i whent along only to find out a few hours after playing it that i would miss out on ingame content even if i purchase every episode. Totally discusted and wanted a refund to purchase the full game becasue i actualy like it but told ive exeeded the maximum of 2 hours for refunds on the game even tho i havent used or played on the 2 extra locations ive purchased so far totally discusted by the way these companys and steam abuse my love for games in trying to get as much moeny out of me as possibe becasue maybe i cant afford 40 quid in one go but end up paying more over all for the intro then all the episodes to find i get less content. It realy is a joke im done with steam and these crappy drm filled episodic style game releases shame on you!!!!!!!.
,Recommended,236870,25530652,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Elliott Marc Jones,"Basic Information:Title: Hitman (2016)Developer: IO InteractivePublisher: Square EnixGenre: ActionGeneral Impression:Hitman has graced us with the joys of becoming a professional gun for hire for the last 16 years and continues to do so with the latest entry to the long running series. To me Hitman feels like more than a game, from the way the cutscenes play out to the breathtaking moments of being caught breaking into an off limits area Hitman feels like you are playing a movie, and this is only backed up by its obviously “next-gen” graphics. Hitman begins by being kind to the player, it puts you in a tutorial mission set twenty years before the events of Hitman: Absolution where Agent 47 is still learning the ropes at an ICA training facility; within a huge warehouse like building you are tasked with infiltrating a boat that’s under construction. What’s great about this mission is that it allows new players to get used to Hitman’s mechanics as well as allowing old flames to re-ignite the spark gamers have been waiting nearly four years for (since the previous instalment). The tutorial teaches you everything that you need to approach one of the episodic missions, such as how to use the various types of weapons Hitman offers you. What i enjoyed in particular about the tutorial mission is how once you have completed the tutorial once it forces you to replay the mission; now this might seem like a chore to many gamers but by doing this Hitman stresses how each mission has a million (not literally) different approaches the player can take to take down their target; and this is where Hitman shines. The term ’Sandbox’ seems overused in the current gaming climate with what feels like an endless amount of these game being published, only the unique will stand out; and this is exactly what Hitman does. You see many sandboxes just imply a large mission area to explore with more places to hide, but with Hitman the term ‘Sandbox’ means a large interactive environment in which the player can get lost in and I don’t just mean outdoor areas either; you see with other games in the genre such as Sniper Elite there are buildings but the player can’t really use them for much, the occasional cover maybe but really the buildings are nothing more than hollow objects used to protect the player, whereas in Hitman the buildings are much more. They have depth, not just physically either but mechanically, you can go from the cellar to a sea view balcony on the roof and each area offers a unique situation, for example there could be the main security camera room in the cellar, or a snipers perch on the roof offering an opportunity for the player to strike the target. And its the huge variety of options that gives Hitman a great replay value; to date i have played through episode 1 five times (completed) with many other attempts where i have tried the crazy and failed. And that leads me into my next point; Hitman manages to make a serious game kinda goofy, in one episode you can choose to kill your target by replacing this normal set of golf balls with explosives- this was very entertaining; and thats why i keep going back, Hitman is there when i want a serious experience but also if i don’t. Now, as far as the story goes in Hitman its really nothing special, but its the episodes unique character story that really drives you to want to complete the game and murder the target in the most satisfying way; you see whether it being an arms dealer or war criminal that Agent 47 is pursuing the game gives the player a reason why these people must die and you almost get a sense of duty once you have taken them out; and its this connection the game creates with the player that makes the story interesting. The only real gripe i have with the game is the way it was released, all fans of the series wanted was a £40 or $60 game that once paid they have all of the game ready to play straight for two weeks while the world passes by. But no, for some bizarre reason it was released in episodes with one releasing every month, EVERY MONTH! For some this wouldn’t have been a problem but when i like a game i get invested and I’m not satisfied until the game is complete; but with Hitman I had to await each time of the month to go to the store and collect the product i had paid for seemingly an age ago, and that leads me to my next point I bought the full game upfront rather than episodically because of the bonuses, you see players are given an extra episode if they buy the full game, and users who buy it episodically are seemingly excluded from this deal, the whole situation seems a bit unfair and I feel that is the only downfall to an otherwise great game.Scores:Difficulty: 7/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Story 6/10Replay Value 10/10Overall: 8.2/10Reviewed by Elliott Marc Jones for Redacted Network's Curator page."
76561198241097268,Not Recommended,236870,33731015,Posted: 22 July,all,Conway,Do you enjoy AI dumber than a 3 year old?Do you enjoy being locked out of content because you bought the game once it was fully released?Do you enjoy losing all your progress if you played offline?Do you enjoy seeing the same models with minor changes over and over again all voiced by about 4 different people?Well then this game is for you.
,Recommended,236870,21786946,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Arvell,"All in all I'm definitely enjoying the new Hitman.Let's break it down quickly, shall we? Ok.Pros- The gameplay is smooth - there is the variety of methods, the controls feel very good (albeit after a quick rebinding) and the overall experience is spiced up with challenges that really make you want to replay the levels (not that you havy other ways to prolong the playtime - but I'll touch upon that later)- The presentation is very slick - the animation can be a bit rough at times but the style and the art-direction is a huge step forward compared to Absolution and is very reminiscent of Silent Assassin and Contracts.Also, I think the game has a strong Daniel Craig-era James Bond vibe which is kinda cool.- The usability - tenouttaten. I've already mentioned the controls (each type of action has its own button, and a lot more than MGS5), but the UI and the tutorials and everything is designed so that you won't be distracted from actually playing the game.Cons- Always Online policy can be very frustrating at times.If you start the game online and save it, you won't be able to load it in the offline mode. I had to replay one of the tutorial missions because of the lost server connection.Honestly, I don't really see how this enriches my single player experience. I'd understand if the custom contracts or some other shenanigans were exclusively online, but the campaign should not be one of them.- It's short. Yes, it has a great replay value, but 2 out of 3 levels are pretty small tutorials and while Paris is awesome, we've seen quite a bit of it in the previews. It would be great to have something new and unexpected in this Intro Pack.- What's with the settings? The game looks good but some of the settings like Texture Quality are greyed out - I'll be looking for the possible solution.VerdictAs a fan of Silent Assassin, Contracts, Splinter Cell 3 and 5 and Dishonored - I'd recommend this game.TL;DR It's short but sweet - looking forward to the next episode or the full package."
,Not Recommended,236870,21895170,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HankSkorpio,"If steam offered refunds within ten days of a purchase, I'd take them up on it with this release.  This game has crashed more than any previous Hitman title.  Those of you who say, ""Hitman games have only gotten worse with time!"" will be vindicated, again.I will say, the game behaved well as I played through the two training missions and the first actual mission.  When I started going back to work on challenges (with different start-points and costumes) it started crashing a lot.  At least 15 ctd in five hours of game play.  Keep in mind, you only get the two training missions and the one actual mission with this release.  I don't know how they expect people to stay interested in a game that crashes repeatedly until they wait several weeks to release another, single level.  First playthrough, I completed each mission in less than an hour.  If that's any indication, they'll have to release at least 10-15 more areas to make it worth the total price and they're not releasing anywhere near that."
76561198164926315,Recommended,236870,21793255,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[LY]Section21,"I dont know why there are so many people grumbling the optimization and graphic performance of this game. I ran this perfectly with my GTX 880M and I didn't find the blackscreen problem and other issues that u guys all talked about.So, those who have problem runing this game should really check if its your own problems of your computer. Maybe its just because you didn't update your graphics Driver or something.Just want to say, its definitely awesome as it always be and worthy of being put in your storage.The only shortcoming for me is its so ridiculous that they sell different chapters separately which made me so disappointed!"
,Recommended,236870,21789981,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mark Rippetoe,"Good game, 9/10"
76561198018714278,Recommended,236870,21805118,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,"The Id, Ego, and Super Ego","I have only played the intro to the game,but it was one of the most enjoyable Intros to a Hitman game I have ever had. Now the game is very similar in play style as Hitman Absolution the animation is also quite similar the diffirence I can see is the story. I have also read other comments that talk about the game crashing I have had that happen twice so far. The game also has some long loading screens. In my own oppion this game is worth the wait of a long loading screen with beautiful  scenery and the NPCs very well designed. The worst part I have seen so far is the odd way that the NPCs just let you do anything if your wearing the right disguse. I mean it seems to me that certain disguises are a free pass to do or go where ever you want. All in all I do still enjoy this game."
76561198047819620,Recommended,236870,21798125,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SavageHenry,"Games good, way better then absolution. Runs fine on my rig no lag or preformance issues.-Specs-I7-2600 processorNvidia GTX 960 GPU16Gig DDR3 ram♥♥♥♥♥♥ Acer MOBOResolution 1920x1080Setting High across boardFPS 50-60"
,Not Recommended,236870,32010682,Posted: 27 May,all,Kick me after Hug me,Great game. I've been playing since the original. However most of the game and side missions don't work offline. The full 28 gigabytes of DLC must be downloaded in order to play any additional missions. Some of us have limited bandwidth and forced online in single player games is really stupid.
76561197976769245,Recommended,236870,21794295,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Barricade,"i5-4690kGTX660 (Non-Ti)16 Gigs of RamWin 10Plays at a smooth 45+ fps even on my lacking GPU. Everything you've enjoyed about the past hitman games without all the quicktime events and small play areas (Absolution). Well optimized for my system, and looks brilliant.Don't listen to all the haters. The game is well worth it- If you don't understand why they're releasing them in episodes, be sure to read their blog posts to get filled in, or just purchase the initial 15.00 pack, and you won't be dissapointed. Even then it's still well worth it.  I wasn't too sure about it as well- but the way the game has been made thus far, I have no concerns about the future episodes.As far as the ""only one map"" cries- The Paris map is up to 6x larger than Absolution, not only in length and width- but vertically as well. Instead of only 50 NPC's in a map, Paris has over 300. The area is more than large enough that even if you play through it 5 times you'll still have missed areas on the map. This isn't about quantity. This is about quality- which the game provides in troves. The detail of the area is immaculate, and that's what matters to me those most- rather than just poor map designs with no detail- but hey there's 50 of them."
76561198087803831,Recommended,236870,21769884,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Krackers,"Played the Beta for about 10 hours and loved it. So far I'm also enjoying this. Could use with better optimisation but with the ammount of♥♥♥♥♥♥going on, on the screen im not suprised that there are some perfromance issues. Feels a lot like a true Hitman game. A lot more than Absolution."
76561198009659698,Not Recommended,236870,31427811,Posted: 28 April,all,leehalt,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME.This game is great I will say that, I loved every second of the wopping 12 hours I got to play before Connection with the square server was lost while I was in game, causing all online content to become locked out because my saved data on their server is corrupt. So now I can only play the base missions, I can't unlock anything, none of my data will be saved, I can't do any created contracts. So 3/4 of the game is locked out and after weeks of fighting with square's customer service they tell me in a nut shell I'm ****** And steam wont refund this obviously false advertised game with a horrible game breaking issues the creators care nothing about so I can't even get a refund because of my amount of time played is over 2 hours yea I got to enjoy over 2 hours of a game before it broke and wont be fixed when its the creators fault and issues I've never had this happen with any game ever.Don't buy it because its only a matter of time until something happens and you lose connnection and you will be out of luck as well."
,Recommended,236870,21878552,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,omar_uav,great game
,Recommended,236870,27610100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fuck,too much violence
,Recommended,236870,25571169,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ArkTique,"Amazing game. Graphics are awesome, and the gameplay is well made. I have a 2.5Ghz and it works perfectly ^^."
76561198093058101,Not Recommended,236870,22975142,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,mansnothot,"This game would get a 10/10 review from me so far.If i could play more than the training missions.Sadly the developers are unable to fix bugs the community has identified and tested outFOR THEM.Help queries are not being answered at all or straight up ignored.The AMD community cannot Play the Paris Mission after Episode 2 has been implemented.The gameplay itself is exactly what I wanted from a Hitman game after so long.Big maps, lots of ways to kill etc etc.Basically its brilliant, if it worked.Now let me get a refund and fix the damn thing pls so i can throw my money at you."
,Recommended,236870,23002046,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,chef,"game isn't even that bad, lots do do even if the game only has 2 levels not counting the prolouge. oh yea and performance sometimes is completly♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers are sometimes annoying to connect to and it just needs more expansive graphical options like disabling supersampling completly, good replay value on the levels and overall a good game."
,Recommended,236870,28293467,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,zerox102,"HITMEME™, the new exciting game in the Hitman series brings a new refreshing touch by using an episodic system that makes you wait half a year until you actually get to play the whole, rich experience of 6 missions.Square Enix, the small indie company behind recent gems such as Deus Ex: Memekind Divided, featuring the amazing concept of purchaseable skill points that disappear once you start a new savegame, or that other game with the episodic system, Life is Strange, that nobody except YouTubers actually bothered to finish, has yet again scored another homerun for their wallets by making another game of an already famous franchise.You follow the rich and developed backstory of Soldier 47, world class assassin that can't enter supermarkets because the barcode scanner keeps picking up on the backside of his head. The gameplay mainly consists of following the little markers the ""opportunity system"" sets for you and getting near perfect scores without knowing what you doing. There's also a little easter egg where you turn the opportunity system off to unlock the actual game.The game also features a lot of incentives to keep you playing, for example you can use the mastery system which makes the missions progressively more easy the more often you have completed them. This is the complete opposite of what you would expect a mastery system to do, so it serves as a plot twist to compliment the story.There is also user generated missions ranging from difficulties between Bronze League of Legends and competitive NEKOPARA. Some of the missions in the escalation system and user generated contracts also require you to basically have the entire layout of the map in your head, as well as the movement of every person at any given time, but you can also circumvent this prerequisite by using 10 savestates a minute.All in all, I think HITMEME™ is a very good game if your PC can run it, don't buy the intro pack and complain about not having all the missions u dum fuks, its really not that hard of a concept to understand."
76561198018615435,Recommended,236870,22972643,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cpt.Ipkis TF141,"Im glad that I bought this because its return to good old hitman which I liked so much. I experienced no crash or disconnection so far. I have got only Paris level now but looking forward to next episode. I tought that episode system is stupid but actualy its good because you can enjoy each episode for hours and try to do new ways of assassinations of your targets. I recommend this for sure. But keep in mind that we lost some of good and useful things which were in blood money, however we have got some new skills."
,Recommended,236870,26745014,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Focus,Love this game. The inclusion of the intel and opportunities is such a smart move to help players find all the cool situations in the game. I highly recommend this game to everyone. I put 25 hours in to just Paris!
,Recommended,236870,30952658,Posted: 4 April,all,Disabled Banana,Hay look a party! Wait is that a Shotgun! (kills 50 people) Now there is no party. ):
,Recommended,236870,30658475,Posted: 21 March,all,victoria's dirty little secret,cool.ps: the new 47 is even sexier in helmuts outfit
,Recommended,236870,31320659,Posted: 23 April,all,TheNerdLog,This is a fun game for those that buy it in discount. I have put in over 100 hours in it and I can say that I love it.
76561198091729596,Recommended,236870,30740246,Posted: 25 March,all,Honest Soul,"Great game. Lots of opttions and freedom for taking out a target, making good replayability.And im 20 hours in and havnt seen one of the connection issues everone is complaning about..."
76561198040972509,Recommended,236870,30740341,Posted: 25 March,all,Thunder God Cid,"There's plenty of people talking about the DRM, so I'm gonna just mention that it's there and leave it at that.This is my third foray into the Hitman series, with the first being Absolution, which I found to be a pretty good shooter, but not really an open-world story kind of game. Then I tried Blood Money, but I had some pretty serious technical issues, and I found the gameplay pretty dated at this point... Maybe back in it's heyday it was phenomenal, but as is, I just found technical issues and the age to be too much of an issue.Now I come to this iteration of the Hitman series. It seems to me like it does the open-world feeling of stealth quite well, and I really do feel pretty darn slick making my way through the levels. The prompts are handy for the first couple runs of a level, but I can understand veteran players getting a little tired of the prompts. Sound design is great, voiceover is really well done, and the level design is fantastic. The guns do feel a little clunky, but that's as it should be, guns are meant to be a last resort, and I wouldn't want them feeling too good, otherwise that's all I'd really use. The graphics are fantastic, it looks gorgeous, and it does support 21:9 quite well in my experience.Definitely a recommend!"
,Recommended,236870,31260196,Posted: 20 April,all,Shaven Pussies,"Awesome game with a dry sense of humor! Example: *Posions sushi* ""You really must try the sushi... its to die for."" -47"
,Recommended,236870,31563840,Posted: 5 May,all,NEO-GEO,Best Hitman game ever!
76561197970521584,Recommended,236870,28115419,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Quadrupole,"If you loved Blood Money, you'll love this. I liked Absolution, but this blows it away. Honestly, absolution got ridiculously hard at the last few levels. I couldn't get SA on them and after getting frustrated, I never went back to get SA for all the levels like I did BM or this game. There is much more free roam gameplay and less linear than Absolution. IO Interactive did a great job injecting some humor and easter eggs into this as well. When I first beat it, I didn't feel like it was an amazing game... but I kept coming back, trying to get all the opportunities and challenges. It was only after my left pinky and right index finger started getting sore did I realize how addicting and great this game is. I simply could not put this game down until I got SA for everything.9/10. Great job IO interactive! Looking forward to Season 2!"
,Recommended,236870,25746780,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kitchen Soap,"I hate the DRM but I love the game.I want to not support these bad practices.But... This game is too good, and the developers deserve it for sure.But the publisher suck and don't deserve♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it. Buy the game it's super good."
,Recommended,236870,27120211,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Weemanjoe,Perfection.
,Recommended,236870,28187802,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Outsider,"Heading in the right direction, nice open levels with many possibilities. However it still feels like it's missing something, maybe the inclusion of a customisable hitman den and more unique unlockables which can only be unlocked or found by doing something different, thus unlocking them to be used in other levels. Also am i the only one that misses the blood money style sniper-in-a-briefcase :("
76561198063468272,Recommended,236870,27530767,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,khloode,good game
,Recommended,236870,33064478,Posted: 30 June,all,Rabs | kindledcases.com,Recommended. You play as a bald man. There's no better game.
,Recommended,236870,25029712,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gokuka Chaplin♫,"When I read the reviews of the game, I was very scared of buying this game. I am not a diehard hitman fan, only played Blood money and Absolution, but this got my attention. I thought that the ammount of content that was in the game was minimal, but nothing was more wrong than that!When I decided to buy the intro pack for 12 euro, I was very happy with the results. Sure, there was not a lot of content in that pack, but man, I fell in love with the game! Sure, its not the same as Blood money, but it doesn't have to be. You have so many challenges to complete that shows different oppertunities to kil the target or to make the game more difficult. I like exploring without the game giving me all the tips. So I turned everything off, even the mini-map. Just from looking, exploring and eavesdropping certain conversations, I knew where I could and couldn't go, which made my choice making so extremely fun!Next to the story line that mostly focus on assassinating certain targets, the extra content you have and contracts made by other people keeps you busy for a long time. You explore certain parts of the big map you never even knew it existed.For me, this game is a buyer when you love stealth games and like to kill people your own way! Don't let the bad reviews stop you from buying the game!P.s. I haven't had any crashes in my 29 hours gameplay and I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not!"
,Recommended,236870,23484509,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Kix,"The episodic release is working great for this game because I keep coming back to it and do the new contracts and while one is out I can play around in the sandboxes it gives me and do the challenges as much as I want. The game in my opinion is the most refined Hitman has been yet. The disguise system finally makes sense (unlike in Absolution) and you get a lot of freedom (while not being too easy) to tackle your contracts.There is only one serious gripe I have with this game, which is that it requires you to be always online to play it, even though it is singleplayer. There are good reasons for this (like a leaderboard and they want to make sure you actually do the challenges properly) but the downside is that the game WILL kick you out randomly if you lose connection and NOT LET YOU SAVE. This is incredibly frustrating."
,Recommended,236870,32648580,Posted: 22 June,all,horse.,you hit a lot of men
,Recommended,236870,23548186,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GreasyChicken,"Unbelievably fun and cool game. The franchise continues to find ways to make me say ""no wayyyy"" with all the fantastic kills they setup for you."
,Recommended,236870,24138239,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pookie GG,"HITMAN has mixed reviews due to its episodic release schedule, but make no mistake - this is the best game in the series since Blood Money, and one of my favorite games this year. This is the stealth-action-murder-puzzler genre at its finest.Though the levels are few, each one is packed with detail, events you can set in motion, and tricks to learn. Challenges, Escalation Contracts, Community Contracts, and my favorite - Elusive Targets, give each level tons of replayability. Challenges provide incentive for a variety of playstyles, tasking the player to figure out accidental kills, sniper kills, stealth kills, and the trickiest one: Silent Assassin - Suit Only. Escalation Contracts each have 5 levels of difficulty and have you go after targets with specific instructions like 'kill the Scranton Strangler with fiber wire while dressed as a paper salesman', then up the ante each time you complete it.  Elusive Targets pop up every couple of weeks and provide limited-time only opportunites to scope out and assassinate a brand new target with no saving or retries upon failure. These are tense, well-done and provide great moments of elation or frustration depending on your result.I think the episodic release fits the game well, though I shudder to think of what the ""AAA"" gaming industry could do with the idea. In my opinion though, the trickle of content plays into the fantasy of being 47, called upon every so often to take out some trash."
76561197962159510,Recommended,236870,24360884,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Cat Burger,I did not do that ok
,Recommended,236870,24092009,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AJ,"Pro:- Lot of replay value as there are a lot of ways to kill your target. Ton of stuffs around the environment to pick up and interact with, which you can use in unexpect ways to kill your target.- Levels in this game is huge, biggest in the Hitman series, the levels are design to let you kill your target from many angle.- Elusive Target are fun to play, every week there a new Elusive Target and you have a limit time to eliminate your target and if you fail you won't be able to try it again.- Escalation is fun if you want a challenge, each level of escalation add more difficult objective for you to complete.Con:- The game is not well optimize, some patchs cause frame rate drop even on my high end PC.- Some annoying bugs like NPC sometime can see through wall, get stuck in some tight place or NPC die when you drag them to a water puddle etc.- Online DRM can be annoying, if there is a server maintainace then you won't have access to unlockable in game.- Could have use more voice actors, hearing the same voice actor through 3 episodes is bad. Break immersion when you are in an Africa level and hear NPC speak american accent.- Lacking music from Jesper Kyd."
76561198066799702,Recommended,236870,24137362,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Khytomer,"Even with all the BS surrounding this game, you just can't deny that this is the ultimate return to form...with scenarios that are (almost) as good as Blood Money and with so much stuff to discover and do, Thanks IO for listening to your fans and for putting so much love into this game.It's a pure delight and even at this moment with only 3 of the 7 episodes released totally worth it's asking price.P.S: Disable all hints and maybe even the minimap for a better experience.P.P.S: ♥♥♥♥ Squeenix."
,Recommended,236870,24080808,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,Besides some pretty ugly performance issues and tedious mastery grind I'd say that HITMAN is on par with Blood Money.People who give negative reviews solely based on the episodic release form are the 0-voters on metacritic of steam reviews.
,Recommended,236870,24335180,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,★LukeD696 ★,"There is really not much wrong with this game at all. the gameplay is fantastic and fun, the contracts are difficult and take time to figure out the best solution to finish most efficently. The graphics are great, much better than absolution, the AI is smart and the fact you can finish all contracts any way you please is a major positive.the only problems with the game is the periodic release of new contracts, having to wait a month for each new location is annoying so anyone looking to buy this game just wait until all locations are released then go ahead and buy it. one more problem is the perfomance of the game though it looks great i find it hard to run a steady 60fps running with a GTX 970 paired with an i5 4690k but i would think this could be fixed in future updates. But the always online requirement is not really a problem if you have a constant connection, i live in australia and i have bad internet, as we all do, and i have never had issues.so overall this is a great title to add to the hitman franchise and all i say is to wait for all the locations to be released and go buy it."
,Recommended,236870,32880282,Posted: 27 June,all,Ludo237👽🤖,The best hitman so far
76561198090438826,Not Recommended,236870,26443400,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,YuukiRus,"I enjoyed the game a lot, I will say that now. The gameplay is fun.Even with that said though, I do not recommend this game.The always online DRM is a huge annoyance. If you lose connection for even an instant you are kicked from your current mission and have to restart.This feels annoying and pointless. They want to stop piracy, so they add a feature that annoys all users everytime they lose connection.The game is episodic, which I personally don't enjoy. This is not objective, this is subjective and only my opinion.I don't like episodic. I could not play this entire game when it came out a very long time ago. I could only play a small portion.Because of this, I lost interest. I don't care to play more now that a lot more is out, it's just a pain to keep up with the game.Most gamers I feel agree with me in that they will play a game over a month or any short period of time and then move on.Not many gamers will keep coming back to one game for months to years on end aside from with very specific games like mmo's which this isn't.If you really like the Hitman formula I think you should buy the 10 dollar intro pack and try it. The intro pack gives you a great idea of what the game is.If you like the intro pack and want to play a lot more, buy the whole game. You won't regret it if you enjoyed the intro pack. That is my advice if you do buy it."
,Recommended,236870,25926790,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lazbot,"Being a  new player to the Hitman series, Ihighly recommendthis iteration!Overall I personally find the game has more positive than it does negative going for it. Ultimately what pushed me to easily recommend this game is the amount of satisfaction I have from playing it.What struck me the most is that I was able to play this game and just have fun!  It’s nice to have a game that isn’t about grinding something out and is just enjoyable.There are a few negatives however, and I will list them for completeness as for some people it may be a deal breaker. But whole-heartedly, these issues I think are overshadowed by the fun to be found.No game is perfect unfortunately!############Issue 1 (GSYNC/VSync):The only technical issue I experienced with the game was a bit of weak support for GSync. A lot of gamers don’t bother with this, but I do not like screen tearing so I do use this in all my games!Basically, I found that VSync was not applied at all using “Exclusive Fullscreen” (thousands of FPS in menus). However in just “Fullscreen” (which really is borderless windowed mode), it was fine but uses whatever HZ you set for your desktop.Issue 2 (Gunplay):This one is hard to explain. It’s a rather specific issue; many people might not care, but this was something that I noticed and for me it broke the immersion a little. I ignore it as best as I can but I wish they did it better.I am specifically referring to the hit-scanning and view angles when you have a weapon drawn; an issue that is specific to 3rd person. I will try to use an example to explain the issue:Imagine having a perfectly central over the head view from behind your character who is standing directly behind a pillar. On the other side of the pillar there are 2 objects that you CANNOT see from this view. You draw out your pistol in your right hand and the view shifts slightly to the right onto a centralized crosshair. Because of this shift you can now see the object to the right (but not the left) and shoot it. Now, without moving your character you switch the view to over the left shoulder, but the weapon remains in the right hand. Suddenly you are able to see the left object which was previously invisible AS WELL as shoot it, while the object on the right is hidden again.I think this inconsistency could be easily resolved by having Agent 47 shift the gun from one hand to the other depending on which shoulder your view is over. This could then be passed as ‘peaking that side’ and would not (at least for me) break immersion by what I could only characterise as a rather magical bullet.There are also no iron sights.While this is not really a big deal, I did feel like it was missing for some reason. Perhaps I have been playing too much MGS?In general the gunplay isn't too bad. Shooting targets with the silenced pistol in the head has ""enough"" oomph. But the crosshair is too much really. Also why no rifle/gun cases?The ragdolls are decent at least.Issue 3 (Always ONLINE):For me personally this is not an issue, but there is content that’s not available offline. Some people have also reported slow load times and other issues because of it… but I haven’t personally experienced any of those issues.Please check what’s not available if you require offline play!Issue 4 (Episodic Model):For me this is not really an issue as I did not buy the game on release, so as of now there are plenty of story missions, challenges, contracts and online content to keep me occupied until the last several missions become released.For some people, not having the complete game from the get-go is a deal breaker, so do be warned.Issue 5 (Certain game mechanics):Honestly, it’s not really an “issue”, perhaps just a personal peeve.Specifically, when dumping bodies, it is a, admittedly very short, ‘cinematic’ experience, reminiscent of Deus Ex: HR melee. It’s really toned down which is great, and the melee is completely unaffected by this thankfully! But I just wish they would do away with it from all their games. I am not a fan of the camera shift and game state pause.Issue 6 (Moments of immersion breaking):Unfortuantely, there's a couple here.You may “occasionally” come across a situation that makes you realise there’s really no rush. While I do not intend to suggest that missions should be timed, I want to point out that unless interrupted specifically, your targets will take set ‘circular’ paths… Forever.Only noticeable if you take an extended period of time to complete a mission though.Additionally, there are situations that can make you go ""huh?"". The targets and guards can be a little TOO non-chalant sometimes. If you kill 1 target publicly, the other target isn't always automatically taken into lock-down.And while NPC's do react to public deaths, their reactions are sadly only temporary, and they are right back to their routine... Cops, SWAT, etc, never arrive after a gun fight for example. The map 'state' is not permanently changed after a public event, like you might expect in real life. REALLY unfortunate.############There is plenty to love though!############World interaction:Each map is rather alive. There are many NPCs floating around, all with seemingly individual personalities rather than “copy/paste”. At least the illusion is thus even if it is not true.You will experience this mostly by way of opportunities. Listen in and take steps to start and propagate a chain of events that may or may not be in your favour. Fantastic, inventive and fun ways to divert your targets from their ‘predefined patrol’ with a LOT of flavour.There is definitely plenty of NPC dialogue, chatter and animation to keep it feeling immersive. You would be hard pressed to find solitary, upright, motionless guard.This is only made more awesome by the sheer size of the maps. While if measured by a ruler they might not be that impressive on paper, when played, the amount of content and DETAIL crammed in there really adds to the scope and depth.Runs smooth and looks great:I play with a stock 6700K and a 980Ti from an SSD @1440p. The load times are quite decent and the game runs quite smoothly. I have NOT experienced a single crash and I have not noticed any significant glitches either.Plus, the game looks fantastic. The art, lighting and colours are spot on. The surround sound is done well, I never found that voices were too soft at specific angles like some other games.Customizable difficulty:To me this is important. The difficulty isn’t just a choice between “easy, normal, hard”. You are given the option to manipulate each specific game mechanic that can affect difficulty. An example is the mini-map, have it on, off, or on without NPC blips, show only targets, etc.So you can give yourself the challenge you want without sacrificing things you would consider “quality of life”.Challenges:I think the challenges are fantastic. For me at least, being new to the game, they are a great way to help me along my way and add content. They are split up quite nicely from very specific to rather general and open-ended.Each challenge guides you to a new way to complete the mission and experience a whole new amount of fun by giving you ideas on how to eliminate your targets in ways you may not have come up with on your own.############What more can I say?I think the game speaks for itself. I really do think it’s a well built and most importantly, really fun game. Perhaps the genre might not be for everyone, and sure there are things that I would personally like to have seen improved or changed… but when you look at the picture as a whole there’s definitely a little gem here.I bought it at full price and I would do it again if needed."
,Recommended,236870,28527169,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ⓐ. TehZharpRazor | CS.MONEY,"Such an awesome game, reliving the feel of Contracts and Blood Money.. Love this game, the graphics, the gameplay, and the campaign feels good. You can really explore the whole map, and figure out different ways of how to execute the target, its basically freedom and its fun.. so definetly buy this game its awesome.."
76561198160509359,Recommended,236870,32882949,Posted: 27 June,all,whet boi,"By far the best Hitman Game yet, mechanics wise. The story is everywhere ever-since absolution and the film and then this. Just tell me this one thing. IS DIANA BLACK, ASAIN OR WHITE!"
,Recommended,236870,32915207,Posted: 27 June,all,Llama,climbed up on the runway to show off my suit. Got shot at in a crowded fashion show
76561198119714658,Not Recommended,236870,26396686,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Roanoke,The game is great but the need to always be online kills the experience since  i dont have a stable internet connection
76561197995247020,Not Recommended,236870,26394452,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tarl,"The online requirement is destroying this otherwise fantastic-seeming game. I've tried 3 different times in the last week to play and the servers are always slow or non-responsive, and the server component of loading always takes longer than the actual loading. I don't care that an expansion has just been released. This is NOT an MMO. This is a single-player game with single-player features disabled.You seem to ""level up"" (I assume, since I can't stay connected long enough to really be sure, and losing connection kicks you out mid-game) by completing missions which unlocks new features such as extra entry points into a mission, new supply drop-off points, and different starting weapon options.No server connectivity disables everything locked behind this progression system, as well as the challenges, such as alternative/fun suggestions on alternative ways to kill the target, and the leaderboards. Leaderboards I can understand (and don't really care about anyway), but the rest? Not cool."
76561198068591087,Recommended,236870,27550056,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lLamentoso',IO have truly outdone themselves. Best HITMAN so far.- Elusive target mode is absolutely brilliant.- Episodic style actually works. Episodes are always worth the wait. so much to do/explore and be creative.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,236870,33065983,Posted: 30 June,all,Chez Stevaughn's,Why kill someone once when you can kill them again in 100 different ways.
,Recommended,236870,26399943,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SolidSnakeKam14,One of the greatest stealth games ever made <3
,Recommended,236870,28350156,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,lukeneves,"Great game! Very good voice acting and interesting story. Plenty of stuff to do and replayability. Had no problems with servers or saving the game or getting disconnect. Cool contracts keep appearing even after you finished the game. Makes you want to come back and play again, as the new contracts add new twists to the episodes/stages.On i7 3770k and gtx 970 + 8 gb Ram, game runs smooth (a bit of ups and downs framerates sometimes on certain areas, but nothing major, you can keep the game averaging 50-60fps. More if you just turn down the shadow quality one step (65-70 avg) aaaand that's it, the rest you can crank up to the max :)! BUY THE FULL EXPERIENCE, IT IS WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,236870,27601782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,giggs,"Have you ever wanted to throw a brick but didn't want to figure out how and where one buys them? How about letting your inner researcher out and throw explosive golf balls? What about stone busts? You probably shouldn't throw those because they'll definitely break and someone probably worked hard on those. But what about fire extinguishers? Don't throw fire extinguishers because someone at some point is going to need one and if you donked it off the bannister and broke a valve or something how are you gonna feel then? Huh?Why are you in my store? Why did you throw that coin near the security guard outside? Why are you carrying a syringe, expired pasta sauce, a garrote and crowbar? Are you a prop master? I could always use some new tchotchkes! I love tchotchkes!I forgot what we were talking about, I'm gonna look away and see if I can jog my memory. Hmm..."
,Recommended,236870,30645574,Posted: 20 March,all,kanekiken97king,best hitman game
,Recommended,236870,30646172,Posted: 20 March,all,Leon_Magnus719,"I actually really like the game. I understand the issues with having to basically play a single player game online and such, but that doesn't actually mean this game isn't good. Not to downplay the needing to be online for your save game issue, but really once you get over that fact the game's content is outstanding. I won't critize the DRM in this game's review because it's pointless to the actual quality of the game, and that's exactly what you have with this new Hitman -- quality."
76561197970287036,Not Recommended,236870,27598443,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JackHorner,"The DEVs decided it would be a good idea for the game to automaticaly use whatever controler thats plugged into your PC... So if you have a gaming wheel, or a joystick... it will use those without even asking. If you have anything other than a mouse plugged in you will not be able to change the controls or navigate the menus. THE DEVS THINK A WHEEL IS A GOOD CONTROLER TO PLAY THIS GAME. DEVS YOU ARE FING STUPID AND LAZY. I hate you so much."
,Recommended,236870,27608498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DEMON KING,"great experience, various killing experiences, AWESOME GAME( P.S been a hitman fan a long time )"
,Recommended,236870,27610935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,White Wolf,"Got this way back after Paris was released and have really enjoyed the back to roots approch the devs have taken, one area, one or more targets, loads of different ways to take each out."
76561198159849014,Recommended,236870,31799972,Posted: 16 May,all,ArgoniteAxe,Another great hitman game it's more like blood money than absolution to me i loved both games. I don't care for the online aspect but it can be ignored completely. Im just here to strangle people and dump em in freezers and i was not dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,236870,28156228,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Smokey The Bear,Why does my single-player game need server maintenance?
76561198333869741,Recommended,236870,31989043,Posted: 26 May,all,Clips3y,yes
,Recommended,236870,27889208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Draquila,"Now that the whole game is out, minus one small bonus mission coming January, I think it's a good time to buy. There is a Season 2 coming next year, though.The good:Large, open levels reward exploration and creativityRestricted loadout system allows you to make more interesting decisions about what to bring with youUnlockable gear system is cool even if some of the gear is a bit useless (why would I want a plain combat knife that can't even go through frisks?)Lots and lots of opportunities; some are spelled out for you and others are more subtleHandholding mechanics can be turned OFF for veteransPerformance issues have mostly been fixed since releaseElusive targets and the suits they unlock provide a reason to keep coming backThe disguise and suspicion system feels much less arbitrary than in Blood MoneyThe bad:Uses both Denuvo and an always-online system (this is the worst thing about the game)There are simply too many ways to disable or kill NPCs, and it's too easy, compared to Blood MoneyAim-down-sights system means it's almost impossible to pull a gun and quickly kill someone before they react; once they react they start moving their head all over the place, making it hard to get a kill shotKilling someone immediately after being spotted doesn't remove the penalty for being spotted (even if he only saw you a moment before the knife you threw entered his skull)The score system is only interesting if you are speedrunning; it's something I don't even look at because it's boring and inferior in every way to Blood Money's ranking system (but there's no reason we can't have both wink wink nudge nudge please add it IOI)You can carry any weapon while disguised as a guard, making it trivial to e.g. get into position with a sniper rifle.One of the levels has a truly obnoxious, unskippable non-assassination objectiveThrowing weapons lock on like in Absolution so they're absurdly OPOverall it's a good game, and I don't regret buying the full package back in March."
76561198040360903,Recommended,236870,32943644,Posted: 28 June,all,Jensen,Nagyon jó játék! Ajánlom!
,Recommended,236870,23378143,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CruToo,Dont read theses ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews go buy it and try it and you will get two outcomes1. you like it2. you hate it and lost 10 bucks
,Not Recommended,236870,27739788,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne csgotower.com,Laggy and is not optimized.Good Hitman Game But Until Developer Fix It I Cant recommend it.
76561198083499315,Not Recommended,236870,27295346,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Demon God Dumplin,"everything has a half second delay to it, it runs terribly no matter how you try to fix it."
76561198020540595,Recommended,236870,27294399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vipercb2,Fun game. Giant Bomb and Achevement Hunter videos realy sold me on this.  If you are unsure if you want this game you should watch them.
76561198117061250,Recommended,236870,28098450,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ramogy,2nd on GOTY list for me after DS3.
76561198285618834,Recommended,236870,21790565,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,林云枫,我只想说 正式版和测试版  第二关 正式的是杀军官   而测试的怎么 是杀那个被小兵保护的人？  成就 也就两个   测试的居然那么多
76561197963555405,Not Recommended,236870,21816738,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Allan,"Poor performance, even on lowest settings. Texture settings locked. What a disappointment."
76561198014069950,Recommended,236870,21816981,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,nubbins84,"FIrst time playing a Hitman game.People can complain about it being online only, yeah it sucks if the servers go down. I've played 12 hours so far and only experienced a connection loss once, lasted about 30 seconds. And it's understandable, Square Enix doesn't want people pirating the game, loss of revenue. Still, kind of stupid considering there is already Denuvo DRM, and it's a single player game.And then people are whining about there only being one actual mission to play currently. If you're half intelligent, you most likely knew this going in, so quit your whining. And as above, I've played that same mission for 12 HOURS. There's a lot of different ways to play it, that's the fun. It's as easy or as challenging as you make it on yourself.Then, we come to the graphics. I'm playing this on a geforce 660ti. Not the best card for it, but I think the game still looks absolutely fantastic. The game hasn't had a massive drop in fps at any time that I've noticed, no glitching, nothing.Looking forward to the next mission to see how many hours I can sink in to it discovering all the different possibilities."
,Recommended,236870,21817802,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Provulies,"This game has good stealth the map is fairly large. People seem to dislike the fact that it has DRM and I agree that it is annoying as it is a singleplayer game, however I feel that the game itself makes up for that. I love the vast amounts of ways you can kill targets and I love that they brought back the Blood Money feel. Its a game that some will enjoy a lot and some will find far too annoying to play."
76561197984344255,Not Recommended,236870,21833933,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sisterfister,I love hit man but what a horribal way to release a game i payed full price so where's the rest of the levels ♥♥♥♥ this company lets start a mass torrent of all there games
,Not Recommended,236870,21884051,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,savi,"Well it dont open im in menu i press play, so then it just like dont open.."
,Recommended,236870,21905420,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Citizen Snips,"holy shi*t this game is awesome.after absolution i was hesitant but for $15 you can buy the intro pack and believe me its worth every penny. idc what people say about this game, i was up till 330 am playing this game with having to be to work at 730 the next day. if your a fan of hitman..this is the hitman game you have been waiting for. ya only one main mission is available but the training missions are pretty sweet and if your like me i can do the same mission over and over trying different approaches, plus all the awesome achievements you can get. if you want the best experience, TURN OFF the Opportunities so much better than having icons show you how to beat the level. and the graphics are gorgeous! this is the start of a beautiful relationship."
,Recommended,236870,21906788,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,amidau,"Haters gonna hate...It's really good game, don't listen those whiny..."
76561198014877667,Recommended,236870,21907045,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,✝ooogz✝,So far it's a good game.  I'm enjoying it.  Doing all the challenges before I progress.  I for one enjoy the episodes as I don't have money to buy the full game at this point.  I've had no crashes etc.  I have not been disconnected from the network.  All in all I am pleased.
,Recommended,236870,21911050,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,alex.the.stud,I thought the episodic idea would be cool but I literally feel like Paris was almost another beta level.  I wish I could just have a full game to geek out over for months....
,Recommended,236870,21926079,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Maz_Lad,"This is the first Hitman game I have ever played and I think its amazing!The graphics are insanely good, it has a great concept and is quite easy to get the hang of.  I bought the intro pack so of course there is only training and one mission but from what ive seen it is 100% worth it!"
76561198035572025,Not Recommended,236870,21830144,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bebop,"♥♥♥♥ this game. If I had enough time to work on getting a refund I would. You have to be connected to the internet for ♥♥♥♥ing single player game. There is an offline version, but that makes you lose all the upgraded process. The gameplay on the other hand isnt too bad. Its very open, but the fact that its episodic means that you are really stuck with playing the same map over and over again. So if you in it strictly for the story missions, you probably should wait for the enitre game to come out. Id say dont get this game unless the game fixes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing support."
76561198058958170,Not Recommended,236870,21833536,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Glenn7,"Same as everybody else, have to be conected to server to play - got 3/4 way through mision got disconected had to start again but still wouldnt conect then restarted steam still no conection.Asked for refund and they refused because I had 31 hours played and they will only do it if its under 2 hours - now I know I didnt play for 31 hours but what I did do was left game running while I was in a quite place and I got side tracked and went out - so now I'm stuck $56 out.Also IMO game is waaaaay to short as you can only train a bit and do one mision really till we get the rest of the game I paid for. should have got fallout...."
76561198061570988,Recommended,236870,21907714,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shade,"Well - its finally a hitman game againit plays like old hitman games  with the ability to choose your equipment and tons of ways to complete the missionPros:its prettyIts HITMAN - not absulotionmany ways to complete your missionThe ability to start from different locations after playing a mission once (like in the kitchen as a waiter)cons:We didn't get the entire game on release - my opinion , they should have cut everything not relating to the story , like contracts , etc and add them laterThe amount of equipment you have at the start is very limited , granted it was the same in previous game but i consider that a con in those games as wellthats it so fari will update this the more i see of the game"
76561198017574909,Recommended,236870,21909376,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SERAPH,Best Hitman ever.
76561198104984962,Recommended,236870,21921666,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Magician K,"Graphics: 8Audio: 8Gameplay: 8Story: 7Decide for yourself.Highly recommend this to hardcore Hitman fans. It brings a lot of asepcts from Blood Money.There are downsides however, DX12 in this game is just broken, it crashes during the first mission so play on DX11. Performance is okay, but there needs to be a lot of work done, I get around 50fps on my R9 390 i5 6600k Ultra DX11 but there are dips here and there.The content needs a lot of work too, there's just not enough content in the game. If you buy it now, you might find yourself just replaying the same mission over and over again.Then again, it's a good game, the sandbox nature of this game is just beautiful.Hope IO will release more content and performance patches in the future!"
76561198143905529,Recommended,236870,21922339,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CodeName: BlackTiger,"I honestly have no idea why so many people are hating on this game. On my rig which is an I7 with a 980 Geforce, it runs smooth as butter, on my laptop I7 970M GTX runs absolutely amazing with graphic settings cranked some high some ultra. The gameplay is extremely challenging, very difficult to get high ranks for missions but then again that is exactly why its a hitman game. Can I recommend this game to everyone though? No I can't... purely because of how challenging it is and what a waiting game sometimes it can be, players who want action  will get bored and I do believe that is where some of the hate is coming from. If you were not a fan of Hitman Absolution, you'll not like this game as the main core of it is very similar but upgraded with new clever tricks here and there which make it even more enthusiastic, realistic and genuinely awesome. Do I agree with the episodic release? I must say yes. For games like this, I think if we had all chapters from the beginning we would rush through them but this way it forces the player to seek out every single possible way to kill your targets in the first mission, I personally found 41 different ways to kill them, and to say if I had access to the rest of the missions it is more than likely that I would of not even found half of those kill opportunities as it takes countless repetition of the same situation. Hitman is an amazing game, I can only recommend it but if you are not a fan of Absolution then don't bother wasting your money friend."
76561198045677418,Recommended,236870,21927937,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Grahamster,"They did it! I didn't think it was possible to make a better Hitman game than Blood Money but the way this game it looking so far I think they did it!! The game completely puts you in the shoe's of agent 47. Graphics are amazing, gameplay is amazing."
,Not Recommended,236870,21957006,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Chris Chance,"Here's the deal guys, this games critique is very valid. Does that make HITMAN a bad game? Well, it has all the hallmarks of a negligent studio for marketing, but the core still seems to be valid so I would say no.This version brings back all the old glory we used to love in the hitman series. You decide how things are done and have free reign of the place. Overall the controls aren't that bad, and everything seems to feel pretty fluid. The level design is pretty legit, and just on a few play throughs, I've only less than a quarter of the level. Sound design is immersive, and doesn't pull you out of the game, and characters react to you in a more realistic fashion. The graphics are actually pretty good even though they are locked at low -_-. I also have to mention the menu design is gorgeous. Really dig the art design.I'll put it this way I think it was worth 15$, but that's all it's worth at this point.Many people are complaining about DRM and having to be online or you get booted off while this only happened to me once I can absolutely agree with the hate. It's a single player game, this shouldn't be required. They obviously want to stop piracy, but it seems like there trying too hard. SE are you guys that broke that not only do you need to release in episodes to keep the project going, but you wasted money on some buggy DRM?The Episodic release really pushed me away from hitman, I think it's a trend growing in the industry that absolutely shouldn't be. It worked with the walking dead, and that's where it should have stayed. It's not like the story of this game is so gripping you can wait for another portion. I mean for that matter there really is no story so far. There's a narrative, but nothing that's deep enough to warrant episodes. There basically releasing a game in pieces because they failed to finish it on budget, and on time. If this isn't the case I highly suggest you guys review your model. As it sits you got 15$ out of me, and you would've gotten the full 60$ had it been a full release. I'm not sure if I really want the rest, I kinda got the hitman hype outa me at this point.The FPS lag is real, although my computer really didn't have trouble with it. Keep in mind I did have to turn it down from ultra to high, though, and it seemed to work. I'm also significantly over the recommended hardware requirements. It ran alright, but there were serious lag spikes in certain places. Definitely not that optimized. Also, the locked graphics thing was kind of a joke. I feel like you think were children when things like this are done. What's the point in putting graphics settings if you just going to dictate them anyways?I had fun with it, and I guess there's more good than bad to a degree, but the bad is so blatant in your face it's hard to overlook it. I have to give this a thumbs down, simply as a sign of protest with what the AAA community tries to pull on its customer base. If this was not in episodes I would overlook much of the cons, but it all adds up to one stinky pile of sadness.If you are on the fence, though, I do recommend you to buy the intro pack. Play the game for a bit, and leave a review. I only hope SE listens to its fan base and fixes some of this. If they do I will buy the full game and change my rating, but like most AAA titles the player base is ignored. If that's the case I will make sure they don't get anymore of my $$."
,Recommended,236870,21957218,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Vaemor,"Like the original Hitman series, fun and doesn't put you on rails for your targets."
76561198045984079,Recommended,236870,21865309,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,winnkys,"Enjoying this game so far. Had a lot of promise if all the maps are as good if not better than Paris.In regards to everyone's complaints, a lot of games these days have connection, optimisation and crash issues. I have only had a connection issue once, but could still play offline. I know it sucks, but if you don't want to hassle of these issues then stay away from this game for a month, just like other games. So for me:Pros:-Map is filled with varied characters, conversations and interactions. Total opposite of the Division-Solid gameplay mechanics.-Contracts mode is a good way to change up the action as you can set up specific challenges for other people to attempt-and as every other positive review has said, plenty of ways to approach your missionCons:-can get repeatative completing the same mission, only from different angles.-lighting glitchy get / tearing on Medium setting even though I have a better rig than the recommended.-periodic release is annoying. But it's also good to get the game ""early"" since if they didn't release like this we would have to wait nearly a year.So in conclusion, very good game if you like stealth games. Very good value if you just buy the intro pack of you only want to try it out."
,Recommended,236870,21933918,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,junior,Just started my new job and have been working for nine months.  Thought I would spend a few bucks on a game that H have been playing for almost 10 years.
,Not Recommended,236870,22013661,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Azura,"I haven't played much yet, but I am kind of disappointed. When I bought the full experience,  I expected the whole game, not 4 hours of repeated gameplay, more wepaons  and a game whose graphics look worse than absolution. And what's the story exactly ? The main antagonist ? Anything ?Still,  the good thing is that if you pre-ordered the game you get an explosive duck."
76561198068302684,Recommended,236870,21778687,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lonely Cadet,"Unlike others that are having problems with this game, I have not experienced none so far. I just started this game and the levels are HUGE! It feels better then Absolution which was linear. Yes the loading to get into a lvl may go up to 30 secs or so, but patient once in the game it is worth it. There is problems when game does not connect to server, but i can still play. Also if some options are greyed out in launcher you can still change settings in game. Its sometimes expected for games to launch a little rough, but give give Hitman a go. If unsure just buy the starter package see if you like it first.+Huge Level+Tons of replayability+Non- Linear-Launch Issues- Story?My Specs: I7 3770, Gtx 970 SC, 128gb SSD, 2TB Hard Drive"
,Not Recommended,236870,21780329,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Pikey Boo {EIRE},"*****The link I posted in my review was removed from the Hitman website as soon as my review went online coincidence, I think not!!!*****Feels like a demo with the single level not what I expected for my 50 something euro.Steer well clear, we were promissed three locations on release and yet there is only one, Paris which you will complete in under an hour if you have played a hitman game before. Complete joke!!!https://hitman.com/en-us/news/hitman-release-details.Game will be playable in six months once it has the additional content. Which I have a funny feeling will only inclued 6 maps total on completion which to me feels like another kick in the teeth!Had so much potential, if your a hitman fan I would avoid it because I feel it will leave a bitter taste in your mouth that will ruin the beloved memories you had for the series.Such a shame that all Triple A games, have now become cash grabs for minimal effort on the consumers dime.And for those who wonder how can you review a game on 5 hours? Its pretty simple when it only takes an hour max to complete the game!!!"
76561198061065478,Not Recommended,236870,21815175,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LEAN,Sad gameplay
,Recommended,236870,21906825,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,WinterMute,"Okay so I'm going to review this game and foregoe my opinion of the season pass ""full experience"" concept. The game itself is insanely solid. It has its flaws (ex in game time flow), but then again to have this sort of game and have a static time flow would be rather odd; I would rather have location triggers for events than sink 4 hours in to setting up the perfect kill, only to have my mark leave the mission area and discover I was 45 seconds short or whatever. To explain, Hitman doesn't have chronological events take place chronologically; so in other words, if you do nothing and just stand, everything in the environment also stands and does nothing. If you go to point A, then theres code that says if you go to point A have the mark do XYZ (ex: if you go to the kitchen, the mark could walk in to the kitchen to prepare a drink). People have complained extensively about this attribute of the game, but personally it's not a huge deal.In regards to content, the missions are forthcoming in the future months so it's hard to comment, but in terms of the single mission/locale that is included, it's well done and feels very organic. It's hard to review given a good 85% of the game is still not out yet, but at this point in time it's definitely worth the 15$ investment for paris.PS: another large complaint is that it has a lot of 'always online' features/limitations, I can't comment on that as my internet is pretty unwavering, so I personally haven't had any issues with the always online features/limitations."
76561198130383064,Recommended,236870,22916239,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sliegl,The Game Is Amazing And There Is No Reason To NOT Get This Game... I Just HaveA Fish Computer...
76561198041424801,Recommended,236870,22921016,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheDestroyer001,"After playing through the Prologue mission and the first actual mission Paris, I am pleasantly surprised by the new Hitman title. I am a big fan of the enitre Hitman series and I think this one is pretty darn good so far!The prologue mission is clearly just a tutorial level and it's ok for what it is but once you get to Paris you see the game truly shine. The enormous mansion that the Paris fashion show takes place has so many ways to get around and so many ways to kill people. It's much more free roam than semi-linear like Absolution was and harkens back to level design like the older games. I had so much fun messing about in Paris and I never even scratched the surface of options I had to tackle this mission.Overall I'd say this game doesn't deserve all the hate it gets in reviews, at least from a gameplay perspective. I'll admit being online only and released episodically isn't the best but it gives me something to look forward to coming back to play when new levels release so that's ok I suppose. Great Hitman game!*EDIT*After playing Sapenzia, Italy and Marrakesh, Morocco I am even more blown away by the level design. These levels are sprawling and diverse with so many options to tackle things that the replay value is huge! That's not even mentioning the Contracts mode which spices things up and is a ton of fun to revisit the levels with new targets. I don't think I'll need to update this review any further from here on and I will say that this is my favorite Hitman in the entire series. Now that is saying something."
76561198128653117,Recommended,236870,22870097,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"I'll start by saying that the first Hitman game I played was Absolution.  I thought it was great.  I loved the creative kills and stealth.  I went back and bought Blood Money on Steam, and honestly, I found it boring.   The controls were terrible, the kills were just decent, and I didn't get the hype.  I ended up returning the game.Then I decided to give the new Hitman a try.  I love it, it's very fun.  Yes, the episodic thing is annoying, but really, it isn't as bad as I thought it would be.  I would say you definitely need at least the first DLC to make it worthwhile, as the Intro is a bit short.I'm just going to buy each DLC as they come out, that way, if there's one that gets bad reviews, I just won't get it.As far as gameplay, it's a freeroaming stealth game.  You do things how you want to.  Maybe you want to poison your target, or maybe stage an accident, or maybe you just want to go in guns blazing.  The choice is yours.  This one has a lot more freedom than Absolution, and the online aspect makes the game even deeper.It's a great game for killing time...and people."
,Recommended,236870,22907997,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Preman Kampung,"Feel's like Blood Money all over again. Their decision to make it episodic is right on the spot. The way I played the game is keep finding new ways to kill and with the additional objectif like Contract and Elusive mode makes it more appealing.So I don't need new level until I'm done with the current one. And hopefully when the time comes, it'll be on sale."
76561197984408936,Recommended,236870,22921715,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Aborted Hero,"Dressed as a priest and began stalking the back streets of Sapienza with a circumcision knife, 10/10 would enter the priesthood again.- The only issue i have with this game is the online system. If you lose connection while playing, you'll get booted out, online saves are incompatible with offline saves, and progression doesn't carry forward if you play offline, which is very disruptive to game play."
76561198071044841,Recommended,236870,23262761,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,WhiteBatman,"I honestly really like this game. A lot of people say the serevers are down all the time, but since its been updated, its runs fine. Basically, if you like assination, stealth and or sandbox games, this game is perfect. 8/10. Also, the episodes come out monthly, but i think it is good so you dont get bored off or finish it really fast."
76561198268405303,Not Recommended,236870,22389570,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,happinessnzkorea,what the heck why isnt it a full game what the heck am i paying to play ?
,Recommended,236870,22863696,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ismlan,"Hitman is back! Not that agent 47 was ever gone (only briefly at the end of Blood Money XD)First things first, if you don't know what Hitman is about than read a review!!!As for the bugs, errors etc I haven't experienced any at all. The main menu could be better, the fact is you need to go to the options panel to exit the game!? I haven't played on DX12 so there might be some issues there but since at this time DX11 works perfect Why change? And some tech savvy blogs have reported DX12 to be slower at this point in timeThe story has yet to unravel but the cinematics are great, the music is perfect like always and the game experience is better than any other game of this genre (there are no other games like Hitman).The cash you pay is well invested, if you're not too sure then just buy the Intro Pack. You can always upgrade to the Full Experience buy buying the Upgrade Pack. Still, the Story mode, elusive contract etc, etc, you get far less from most  developersAs for the new episodic release, there is nothing bad about it, if you can't play a level more than once and you can't wait for all the episodes to be released, than what are you doing playing Hitman anyway?! As for the hardcore Hitman fans, this is all you ever wanted. Yes, I know. The menu and keyboard layout is not great, but your agent 47, you're an engineered superassassin, so deal with it."
,Recommended,236870,23093877,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,_Mossy,"Fun game, get boring until new stages is released. Live content is good."
76561198034588020,Recommended,236870,26349313,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,VanGoth,"After the weird Absolution experience, they managed to return to form with this one. So much attention and love to detail, truly a Hitman game and truly a masterpiece. Recommended!"
76561197988077067,Recommended,236870,22884041,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,GoalHamper,"I love the Hitman series and this plays and feels like its predecessors.4 Minutes to Wapner.However, there are some sticky wickets here. While the game allows multiple ways to accomplish a mission they have found a way to put the sandbox on rails. It's not as if this deviates from previous Hitman titles but the system feels intrusive, constantly reminding you that every way you can assassinate a target (that isn't going in guns blazing) was placed there like a set piece. It constantly reminds you that your method of achieving a goal wasn't your idea by placing the next objective on your map. It holds your hand just a little too much. This left me somewhat irked as I loved the puzzle of the previous titles. While that sense of intrigue remains, it has become nerfed.2 Minutes to Wapner.For example in previous titles if you heard a conversation it was up to you to figure out how to use that information as opposed to the incessant Diana in your ear. Imagine your crappy friend who explains the plot of a movie while you're watching it. Yes, if you do that you're being a condescending ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You can avoid this in the game by not engaging the prompts, but if you're a fan of the series and you see the word ""intel"" you probably won't.1 minute to Wapner.Still this is a reasonably good title for its mechanics but that brings us to the amount of content. Since there is so much scripted content it seems the publisher had to release the game piecemeal to buy time. This means you will have to replay the same missions until the next one is released. This is at the heart of most of the critiques that I have read. This is a game for obsessives.What the ♥♥♥♥ do you mean Wapner was replaced?! Seriously?? In 93??...and he's Dead?! You sir are in for a tantrum.Unfortunately I seem to be obsessive myself since despite everything I've written I still think the $16 version is worth the a test run."
76561198145743025,Recommended,236870,23013317,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,theporter1998,"Very entertaining game, you have to have a little patience. It's fun throwing knives into peoples faces. Fans of the series won't be dissapointed."
76561197963507475,Recommended,236870,23134176,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Reaper,"lacking content and story imo, buy the game to get one map with a whole bunch of different objectives...same map  = boring..... still plays great and is fun till it gets old... and thats fast 7/10"
76561198062678986,Recommended,236870,24684724,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ItchyThumb,"Whatever you say, I have never lost connection once, the game just works fine with 40-60 FPS frame rate on my laptop, and for gods ♥♥♥♥ing sake stop blaming for not supporting your language . The game has inherit its classic perious franchise perfectly and meanwhile remain a massive intractable scale for player to enjoy as well.  developers are trying very hard to make the game fits human logic and also remain its entertaining status, with multiple dialoges on single NPC and layers of social system between every mission. this is not a easy task and yet for me they have done it greatly so far.I would like to wait for more upcoming episodes, and sure, you can give it a dislike for your configuration or internet lack of capacity(BTW:You should really blame yourself or your ISP for that) , but focus on the game, this is just amazing."
,Recommended,236870,23479488,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,WindyMan,"I'm flipping my review from negative to positive. It's time.Guys, this game is really good. Good enough that I believe it's worth putting up with the minor-to-moderate technical issues that haven't quite been fixed yet: DX12 is still buggy, 8GB of RAM isn't quite enough all of the time despite it being the recommended spec, and the always/only online thing is still a back-of-the-mind concern even though it's never been an issue for me at all.But oh boy, what a game! I've long fallen out of favor with first-person shooters, or even true third-person action shooters. But Hitman has always been different. More composed, more cerebral. You need to be smart to do well at this game, and it rewards you handsomely for finding things out on your own. Moreso for finding new things that fall within the game's rules, but not necessarily its intended design. Many times I don't bring a gun into a level with me. There are so many other options at your disposal, you don't even need to shoot anyone to get things done efficiently.Still, you can also be dumb, often on purpose, and still have a lot of fun with things. It's really nice to play a thoughtful assassination-puzzle game and then switch gears to a slaughterhouse murder simulator whenever I bloody well feel like it. Tote that new shotgun around or find a new sniping location and go to town. It's your world, all those poor NPCs are just living in it. However so briefly you desire.If the episodic nature of the game is giving you concerns, consider that I put 35+ hours into the first part of the game (the training levels and Paris), and that only cost me $15. I'm still working through Sapienza (Episode 2) to finish all the challenges and contracts. I've barely scratched the surface of Marrakesh (Episode 3). I'm buying the game as I go, so I have no right to complain I'm not getting what I'm paying for. I'm getting more than what I'm paying for.There are people out there that want to wait for the game to be ""finished"" before buying it, and that's fine. As for me, I prefer to play this game NOW, and enjoy the ride, and the constant updates and improvements along the way. After feeling the rush of playing the limited-window, one-time only Elusive Contracts, I believe I made the right decision in doing that."
76561198019533570,Recommended,236870,23930980,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Balrog Son of Nelgar,"*****Update: The game has improved so much since game's release. With season 1 being fully released, I can say that the developers have really tried to cater to the desires of their community. Many bugs and glitches have been fixed (except for that f*cking subdue-punch-a-dude glitch), and many new weapons and challenges have been added to breath life into the older episodes. The optimization has been improved, and instead of 30-45+ fps, I can run at a smooth 60fps in crowded areas on medium settings with my build. Overall, considering the developer's attention to the community, the improvements, and the quality of the last episode, I would recommend this game to any Hitman fan. While I still don't think it's the best Hitman of the series, it is definitely showing improvement.********The content below is my old review, but i'll leave it there anyway***The game is basically a large scale public beta that you pay for. The perks are that you already own the content and participate in molding it (kind of). In its current state, the game is glitchy, it takes a powerful rig to run smoothly, and the release of content is very stretched. If you are a huge Hitman fan, it's not a terrible game, but it's not a great game either. If you can afford to wait, you might as well. The disc copy is supposed to be released next year. 6/10 (Good, but has a lot of issues)My Specs: FX 8350 (Not Overclocked), GTX 960 (Overclocked), 16 GB ram. Usually runs at 45+ fps, occasionally drops to 20-30 fps in very crowded areas. I run the game at around medium.Additional Notes:Graphics and sound are great.Return to Blood Money style gameplay with challenges from Absolution are a good mix.Replayability is much betterGameplay is satisfying, but sometimes frustrating due to glitches and NPC randomness (thanks Marrakesh)Episodic release means they haven't finished the game yet. It's more like early access.10/10 would drop a mountain of guns so I can get frisked again. 11/10 some dude found it"
,Recommended,236870,24663053,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ronjamesmajor,"First let me say that I played the original Hitman: Codename 47 for probably 2-300 hours when it first came out? I was rocking it hard on my Pentium 3, as it was the first game of it's kind that I had ever seen; and it blew me away.So now we're y'know, 15 years on and there have been many imitators and some stealth action games that are definitely better, and some stumbling blocks in the Hitman series as well. Some are great, some are bad, everyone has their favorites and  everyone (seemingly besides me) hates Absolution....Well this years version of Hitman is pretty great. You have 47, looking slightly made over but voiced by the right man for the job, and since you spend most of the time looking at the back of his head anyway it's all good. You've got Diana, and the agency and a new batch of interesting things happening, all of which is still quite vague and hazy given the nature of the episodic release they've decided to go with this time round, so I'll focus on the good and the bad instead of the DRM business everyone else seems to complain about.Good:Throwing stuff!Stealth is still fun, disguising is still fun and done well.Diversity of levels, creativity of the hits.Graphics (if you can handle it, early release FPS stutters were horrible).It's the Hitman we've all come to know and love, just upgraded a little and seemingly taking itself somewhat less serious than before, while still being incredibly good.Bad:AI sometimes is moronic, othertimes they're mutants with insane powers of omnipotence and perfect accuracy.There's the always online thing, but seriously in modern times if your computer isn't constantly connected to the internet then what the heck are you doing?FPS Stuttering and not so hot rendering when the levels first load which usually clears up within a minute or so.Some people seem to genuinely not like this rendition?I'm not really sure what all the complaining is about? At least this isn't a deep sad emotional thing like Absolution which is I think why everyone kind of hated it despite it's excellent gameplay. This game also has excellent gameplay, and intentionally bakes in clues as to assassination options, as well as a lot of other fun oddball stuff and ""mastery"" of levels and achievements all which give you the sense that they were truly going for replayability with each and every level of this game. It's almost not so much a story based ""GAME"" as it is the devs practically breaking the fourth wall and saying ""Here's a bunch of hitman missions loosely tied together with a story. Go crazy!!""All in all? Quite enjoyable for me. Easy to play through with the controller OR the M+KB which is how I control primarily as of writing, so I can actually aim the weapons."
76561198198981671,Recommended,236870,24653516,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FallcoN☣,"It's very good game, but there are only 6 main mission, 2 training mission and 6 bonus mission."
76561197994143155,Recommended,236870,24660835,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,greenbrucelee,"I don't normally do reviews but I had to for HITMAN. I have played the Hitman games since the first one came out and I would like to think I can give a critical review. I say HITMAN is back, it has the feel, it has the challenge and it has the multiple ways you can do each mission. Lots of people say they are getting performance issues, I'm not and in some ways my rig is old. i2500k @ 4.5 gtx 970 8GB RAM, couple of SSDs and a hard drive. I have had no server issues and I only have 6 meg connection. Whilst blood money is still the best and silent assassin coming second I would rate this to be the third best out the hitman games. Absolution was rubbish because it had some convaluted story but this doesn't it just this is your mission go and do it. This is how hitman games should be. The graphics are decent. Noticed a bug in the paris level. If you knock the guard out who is on the balcony gaurding darias room with the laptop and you go onto get the dongle to access the laptop then her assisatnt and daria get stuck in a loop so you can't do the mission that way. Havent noticed anything else though. 8.5/10 I marked this down because of its episodic release. Episodic and early access games are just developer releasing a game before its finished so they can take your cash. Apart from this game I would never buy an episodic or early access game again because its just paying greedy and lazy developers"
,Recommended,236870,24662089,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Pancho DeVia,"most of the negative reviews are about buying in episodes. I bought it all at once; sometimes people who fully support a product through test want exclusives. Its sucks that you have to wait for main game content, but the extra missions and stuff make it fun to replay maps. Had some graphic issue but nothing I don't mind.  If they keep updating the content and inproving gameplay I don't mind taking a risk on an established studio."
,Recommended,236870,21926529,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,AHRI,fun gameplay but not alot of content.
,Recommended,236870,21961138,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,moomoojubu,"Apart from the always online DRM, bad optimization and episodic releases, this is a really good game. Only 1 episode in and it's already looked and played better than Absolution. First you only have Paris but trust me there are various ways to plan and kill your target. If this is not better than Blood Money, I'd say it's pretty damn close."
,Recommended,236870,21992839,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Scipio Africanus,"It is a really fun game but it is a shame that there wasn't more content ready. The two intro missions are a bit repetitive and boring but the actual paris mission is fun and provides a lot of replay value. So far the game reminds me a bit of blood money but due to the game being released in episodes, it kind of makes it seem as if the story is going to stall a bit because of the fact that you have to wait an entire month before the next episode releases. The fact that you are able to plan the weapons you use and the costume you wear before the mission is a feature that I really like and reminds me more of the customization that was avaiable in blood money also. I would say that you should only buy this game if you are a fan of the hitman series and enjoy a stealth third person game. If you are new to the series then I would say it is probably worth waiting until the game is 100% complete or else you would likely not enjoy it as much and might get turned off to the series due to the slow story and having to wait for content to release."
,Not Recommended,236870,22013213,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,andreas_emc,"Could not connect even once to play the game I purchased.The part where I have to keep pressing ""Go Online"" repeatedly isn't fun."
76561198290077520,Not Recommended,236870,22020028,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,slam023,I bought this game and realized only story even though new story will come each month or so but i am p..i..s..s..ed with that. Should I pay the game monthly? Now I replay the game and somehow it's crashed when I tried to load the game.
,Not Recommended,236870,22028892,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,faecalist,No real blood spatter or realistic reactions from NPCs who get shot
76561198018939765,Not Recommended,236870,22030899,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Chrome_Oo,Good game but way too short for the asking price. Wait for a sale!
76561197964514812,Recommended,236870,21913066,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SebbeTheKing,"Liked it very much, u can solve a mission in 100 ways.. only thing is that there is only one mission, played it alot.. and getting bored.. looking forward to new missions. I have had no problem with connection like many others here have, maybe  they fixed it =).Well for the review.. if you want to play Hitman like it was back inn the old days, this is much more like it then the previous one..The game makes It feel like you are a hired gun and you want to kill your target in the most inventiv way. Buy it! you will have a great time! i did =D"
76561198007128618,Recommended,236870,21915308,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,NotBear,"I only done 16,5 hours so far but hey free speech ftw !First of all i don care about alway sonline DRM in 16,5 hours i got disconnected once , not bad.Performance issues ? Dont have any , i run it in FHD on mostly high details on my r9 380 getting 56 fps.Glitches ? Sure , some, got stuck in the cooker once while dragging a body and corpse of margolis woman feel trough the floor once into a hall full of people but it was more amusing then annoying.The most important aspect, the feel of the game . It feels right ! After horribad movie few months ago that game feels so good. Silent assasin all the way  NOT  pew pew pew bang bang ,no one will notice if there is no one to notice.I liked it a lot. And if you mature to overlook the flaws there is good experience to be had. But hey its your call.Also if i walk around disguised as sheik with a crowbar  in my hand i really should cause much more suspicion ..."
,Recommended,236870,28976703,Posted: 3 January,all,Celery,"Each main mission in this game is easily better and more diverse than any other mission in the series so far. There are various unique ways to assassinate each target and still qualify for the Silent Assassin rating. Sniping is finally a relevant method in every mission. I also like the mission planning and equipment unlocking features – the best iterations in the series.The only gameplay part I don't like at all is the clunky combat system. There's just not much fun in the cover shooter style combat with ineffective hitscan weapons, bad hit detection, geometry-breaking 3rd person aiming and sluggish mouse movement. I think all the previous Hitman games, even Absolution, did it in a more fluid and entertaining way.I also have to say that the dialog writing and voice casting put me off a few times. There don't seem to be many voice actors, and all of them are American or British, even for characters that shouldn't have American or British accents. It's just disappointing to hear supposedly Japanese characters speaking native English and bad Japanese, or Thai hotel staff throwing American sass and casual comments in dynamic encounters – it's like they didn't even bother to try and represent different cultures through people. In addition, the game's conversations seem to consistently portray everyone as obnoxious and shallow. It's almost like the game has an underlying cynical and misanthropic tone.I very seldom buy games before they hit massive sales, but this one was a good purchase."
76561198034800540,Recommended,236870,29007220,Posted: 4 January,all,GE12U4Iwi7A34Lo,I. WANT. MORE.MORE THAT 47Nostalgia for Blood Money
,Recommended,236870,29557080,Posted: 28 January,all,NismoMonkey,"If you have been holding off on this game for a while the whole first season is now out and it is worth the buy. Nvidia finally optimized the game in late 2016 which is outrageous considering the popularity of the game when it launched. It can now be player properly on PC. The gameplay itself is great hitman fun with all the classic tropes. They took out the ability to slow mo mark targets like you could in absolution but instinct is still around if you would like to use it. There is an incentive to play each mission over again multiple times this time around where you gain mastery on each level and you can get new locations to start the mission, weapons, gadgets, and disguises. Elusive targets are also a new thing that are amusing though they are still buggy. The most recent one ""The Blackmailer"" got bugged for me and he was stuck in line waiting to enter the catwalk in Paris but because he was not coded into the normal script the other models all kept passing him and he never walked the runway leading me to be forced to eliminate him in plain view. I was able to pull it off but it was annoying for those of you who don't want to save scum or restart."
,Recommended,236870,29561220,Posted: 29 January,all,Magic Critical Hits,"REALLY AWESOME FUN.Near infinite variety in assassinations, the only limit is your creativity. Was sceptical after seeing some reviews, but it's just nitpicking about 'being online all the time', or 'episodic'. I am met with 0 issues whatsoever, the game runs smoothly. The episodic style actually works, and provides room for even more improvements. The freedom in each of the maps is staggering, you can really do almost anything you want.Contributing a review to raise this to Overwhelmingly Positive."
,Recommended,236870,29777079,Posted: 8 February,all,Into the FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!,"i felt like 12 year old, messing around with everything for sake of curiosity, and watches as chaos rising,never felt this clever before/E_E\11/11 would throw wrench on people again"
76561198150073208,Recommended,236870,29943898,Posted: 15 February,all,wintersking,If fan of blood money and bond movie you while definitly love this game.Shoot mech. is poor but doesn't take alway from the overall experience
,Recommended,236870,30017846,Posted: 18 February,all,MashedPotatoes,"In a nutshell, this is Hitman Absolution, with some great sandbox maps, good variety of scenarios and pickable objects, standard kind of Hitman executions and a godda*n lack of work put into voice acting.To start off on the positive side:*The game finally seems finished. I bought it in mid-december 2016 when they had released all of the planned levels, they allegedly had removed the always online feature and it had a nice discount at the time.*The game plays similarly to how Hitman Absolution felt. The overall physics are very similar.*The instinct feature is still here, yet it is cut down, which is good.*The spotting feature is still here, though this time only several people will be able to spot you as suspicious, rather than in Absolution everyone thought you are a man in disguise, which was complete nonsense.*When you have drawn too much attention to yourself, the people will run and alert guards. If they find a weapon, the guards will then deliver it to a safe area. If a dead person is discovered, it is then put into a body bag and delivered to a designated area. It is really nice and keeps the constantly changing interaction going.*The maps are huge, with my favourite being Sapienza. It has amazing scenery, many places to go, many things to do and discover, with above and below sea level interactions.*The game doesn't show your score getting higher or lower constantly, which is what I like to see. I don't want my immersion broken and attention interrupted by a constant score that shows ""+X points"" or ""-X points"" for this or that (Absolution did that).*The game runs fairly well. The reason for the graphical quality being good, but not spectacular and me not being able to max it out on higher FPS, I think, is because of the size of the levels and the quantity of people. The levels are quite big and are loaded altogether and in almost every level there are multiple large areas with many people in them (quite a unique approach only seen in Hitman Absolution and this HITMAN).Now onto the bad:*The movement and animations still feel a little too stiff, since this is based of the engine and physics in Absolution and it suffered from the same thing.*They have really cut down on costs and not put enough effort in voice acting. Regardless of whether I am in Paris, in Italy, in a godda*n desert - 99% of people speak perfect english. And many even speak with a pure english accent. In earlier Hitmans, in some maps you did not even understand what people were saying, because you were in some country in Europe, where this biker gang or russian military did not even speak english, or spoke with a horrible accent. This really pisses me off, because everyone always speak perfect english, which is impossible.*This game has a level for you to play and a cutscene between them. The problem is, that even if you just want to play the story mode, you cannot just play non-stop. After you finish the level and watch the cutscene, you then see how well you did, what achievements you got and then you exit to main menu and pick the next story mission. What the hell is that? Why do I need to exit to the main menu? FFS!*Even though, you can prepare before each mission, it is put there just to try and shut up the people, that asked for planning before assignments. Because this approach is just a complete formality and doesn't blend together with how earlier Hitman games did this. You can only have one silenced pistol and two tools. In earlier games you had your silenced gun, your two Silverballers, a syringe, a fiber wire, a lockpick and maybe a coin.Here, you only get a silenced gun, and choose between a coin/wire/syringe/lockpick/an explosive andonly pick two. It's nonsense. Why so restricted?*You can have an item delivered to a location in the level, which you can then retrieve, to level this restriction out a little bit.The major problem for me with this is, that if you choose a sniper rifle, then you retrieve the sniper rifle and you carry it around on your back. What the f**k is that? I so enjoyed walking around with a briefcase in Hitman Contracts, where it had a rifle inside of it. And when I needed it, Agent 47 actually opened the case and assembled the rifle. And put it back in the case if neccesary. WHERE IS THAT IN 'HITMAN 2016'?Overall this game is fun to play. It has both elements from older Hitmans and from Absolution-(mostly physics, instinct and the variety of pickable interactive objects). It has expanded its horizons with massive levels and brought back the sandbox feel. But it also has several annoying elements, where most could be eliminated with a weeks or two work. I also despise the lack of believability, that everyone in the world speaks perfect english, even without foreign accents. And the fact that the game gets released at one point and I am only able to buy the complete product a year later, earns this game a7/10."
,Recommended,236870,30035649,Posted: 19 February,all,iDevil360,A fancy looking game where you can either be loud or stealthy? Hell yeah.
76561198203132330,Not Recommended,236870,30081877,Posted: 21 February,all,Nicholas Cage,This game sucks balls im running this game on a brand new pc with i5 7500 & rx480 red devil and it crashes on both DX11 and DX12. no way im keeping this game.
,Recommended,236870,30093219,Posted: 21 February,all,Mia,"Time shown played does not reflect how many hours I've sunk into this game as I easily played 90+ hours on a review version and then I got the game to experience it all over again after reading the RPS articles on it.For someone who is new to Hitman, this will probably be more fun than for someone who has fond memories of the entire long-running series. I think some of the professional reviews misstate it when they rave about Hitman being a game with huge open-world levels that dazzle the imagination and so forth, because not all of the open-world stages are outdoors or even see the outside very much. It's more like Dishonored 1's open world - feels like inside even if it's outside because it uses maps that feel like the old Doom and Quake BSP-style maps.Players of the old games might say that this one is too linear because it's rather easy even at the hardest stages; a lot of the challenge is based on what you put into the game. It's very much a ""make your own game"" kind of system going on here, with the theme being to try the level multiple times from different roles to see different bits of the inner workings of the people in the area. The areas are machines, the people are cogs, and when you unlock new replays, you get to see different aspects of that machine in motion. Ever wanted to try Super Mario from the perspective of a Goomba, with Bowser shouting orders at you? Well, it's like that.Just assassination-themed. The plots for each level are very well thought out, and it's all done in the style of a classy spy movie. In fact I'd say that James Bond movies could take some plot hints from this, because some of the dastardly things being done by the people you assassinate are really cool, up to date with modern and near-future threats to the world, stuff like that. As well as callbacks to various movies and TV shows of that kind. So if you like spy stuff, think of it more like a very well-done action/adventure game where you explore different evil plots from various angles each chapter, and less like Sniper Elite/MGS, even though it borrows elements from those heavily.This iteration of Hitman is about brain pleasure, specifically creative pleasure at discovering who you can be in each stage and how you might affect things invisibly in the lives of the people around you. Like so many ""diamond in the rough"" titles, it requires imagination, but it does provide the tools to help you imagine some pretty neat things. If you want stunning gameplay, tough-as-nails gameplay, and opportunities to take advantage of the mechanics in ever more clever ways as you learn the ropes, you'll be disappointed. For a large part, the difficulty level flattened at least for me, the mechanics are pretty obvious and it started to feel like controlling actors on a stage.But if you're able to think of this game like that - as a drama/play production simulator with an action coating - you'll have a riot of fun. It's obvious why RPS named this their open world game of 2016, considering their bent towards narrative and intellectual games that encourage discussion. It's the kind of game where you shouldn't be ashamed to discuss some of the finer plot points with non-gamer friends, because they're neat and interesting.As for the DRM, shrug. People will whine at anything nowadays, I guess. I feel bad for the people who are in locales that actually can't connect to the servers, but otherwise, I have no idea what everyone's on about. This is an episodic game, like a Telltale game, and it was released in pieces over time. I don't see half as many complaints about Telltale doing this sort of thing. The developers needed to know who had a subscription for the latest episode or not, that's all it is. Reasonable, at least to me."
76561198003651773,Recommended,236870,30112011,Posted: 22 February,all,-----------,"I really enjoy this.  What the heck?Hesitated to buy after seeing so many ""not recommended"".   Now I wish I had ignored them.Always being online is not an issue.  Runs great.The Denuvo fuss has not appeared.  Runs great.Episodes have multiple challenges that make each like a collection of missions.So... as usual on the Internet... the ranting and rage wasn't accurate, just emotional.Episodes are great.  Nice variety.Community designed missions are interesting.Having control of saves is wonderful.  Less frustration, more adventure.Should have bought it before.  Very happy I have it now.."
,Recommended,236870,30518116,Posted: 14 March,all,Jojack,"Love it. The best parts of Blood Money and Absolution combined into one wonderful game. I haven't experienced any of the network issues that many other people seem to have experienced, so my time with this game has been completely flawless (except for the god-awefulColorado Mission. Hate that mission so much)! Loving it"
,Recommended,236870,28766135,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CzechDeath,"Great game - Great HITMAN game!Unlike the  steaming  pile of elephant **** ** ****** *** **** the Absolution was, the new HITMAN is back on track of the proper HITMAN fun where the game just tells you: ""Here you have a target, HAVE FUN!"" You hide in plain sight. You have tons of ways how to dispatch your target, even the humor is back! And the levels! THE LEVELS! <3I played it without any hints, or instincst or any kind of HUD what so ever and I was still able to finish all the missions on silent assasin ranking, thanks to unlimited saves, which you can ignore if you are masochyst, but for man with a life this is the perfect ballance. It did not punish me for experimenting and it was challenging at the same time that's what I loved about it. OPTIONS, developers - YES that's the way to go, thank you.It is 4 ""SINS"" away from the brilliance of Blood money.1/ No sniper breafcase -> even tho it is nearly on every promotional material, in game alone it is missing.2/ No peeking thru the keyholes -> Yes instinkt is suppose to be the equivalent of that but c'mon this is hitman game god damit. (+I don't play with instinkt)3/ No 1st person view. It was more useful than devs think obviously. But I get why that one was not included...4/ You can't poison foods and drinks with your syrenges...It is shame that their elusive targets system was there to force players to go and make that prepurchase or to make that first day purchase. Sorry, but episodic content like this is relatively new thing and seeing what bad job you did with Absolution I DID NOT TRUST YOU square enix and IOI interactive. So I waited. Not for sale, but for whole experience. And then I find out that things like classic 47's suit with black gloves is hopelesly closed away, because whole year worth of elusive targets is now ""missed""? That's seriously DlCK move guys.Why there always must be some number crunching bunch of executeves who polute excellent games with BULL5HlT like this? Geezes Christ.OK I recommend this game - it is very close to blood money, very well crafted -> good job.PS: be warned for this is ""just""a SEASON ONE. The story is not finished and the hooks are in to purchase more in the future. If quality job holds then good... BUT..."
,Recommended,236870,29057253,Posted: 6 January,all,............,"Very cool mix absolution features with bloodmoney gameplay. 8.5/10Interesting selling model for a game with same format of gameplay, but absolution ruined trust to IO  many people, including me, scaring to purchase cat in  pocket, but this cat is worth money!"
76561198047230118,Recommended,236870,29102948,Posted: 7 January,all,SaTiNa,"There's a lot of people complaining about getting disconnected all the time, it has only happened to me once and i got connected again right when i pressed Retry so i can't really say it's a problem to me, overall i think this game is awesome and really well made."
,Recommended,236870,29165553,Posted: 10 January,all,MuStAnG,"Hitman™ is by far the smoothest and most immersive game from the series with really intelligent AI. I really do not understand the hate this game is getting. And as for the internet connection issue, whenever my internet crashes the game gets paused, i click retry connection, and it continues like nothing happened.Your interenet is either bad, or you are holding a grudge upon that one mission which got messed up since you didnt save at the right time.It's sad that this gem of a game is having negative reviews, it saddens the developers. Io-interactive, you did a great job with this game, do not let the negative comments say otherwise."
,Recommended,236870,29165971,Posted: 10 January,all,Flaco♡M,10/10 nostalgic hitman game. Game mechanics and maps are so complex. Find myself hours of puzzleing how to kill this one guy over and over again. People who whine that you have to be online for the game are just little ♥♥♥♥♥ you live in the ♥♥♥♥ing 21st century. Get over it.
76561198073686993,Recommended,236870,29351658,Posted: 18 January,all,TheUnslanderable,"I remember playing Hitman: Contracts when I was very young and thinking: Wow, they’ll never be able to make a better game. Two years later Hitman: Blood Money drops. I, again, thought: Wow, they’ll never be able to make a better game. Fast Forward to 2012 and Hitman: Absolution drops. I was very disappointed at how they shifted their focus from gameplay to story. Don’t get me wrong I love a good plot; but gameplay will always be my primary focus. Thinking that “IOI” will continue prioritizing the plot over the gameplay, I wasn’t very excited about their upcoming game. They also decided to release it in an episodic format, which was the nail in the coffin; I decided I won’t be buying this game.Eight months after its release, I saw the game on a %50 discount. The Hitman-loving kid in me said: You owe this game a chance at the very least, why not buy it? I did. That was the best decision I made in 2016; Hitman is truly a masterpiece. It’s my 2016 GOTY and, in my opinion, the best in the series. I’ll tell you why in my spoiler-free review. PS: Wow, they’ll never be able to make a better game.Story: You play as a contract-killer, Agent 47, who works for the ICA; an organization that accepts contracts in-exchange of money. The ICA receives contracts that, at first, appear unconnected, by different people and not out of the ordinary. However, they soon realize that “someone” has been manipulating and using them to further his own cause. From that point they try to uncover who that someone is. To avoid spoiling the plot I will leave it at that. Overall it’s serviceable; not the best yet not the worst.Graphics: IOI nailed the graphics for the game. The lighting is perhaps the best I’ve seen in a 3rd person game. Be it the god-rays, reflections or 47’s shiny bald head; everything looks amazing. The way god-rays pass through windows looks awesome and realistic. The facial details are top notch as well; NPC’s look very life-like. Blood effects like pools of blood and blood spelling from NPC’s after you hit them with a blunt weapon look good. Building-textures are free of jagged edges and are nicely fleshed out.The animations are pretty realistic. 47’s walking, running, crouching, vaulting and climbing look great — his walk is that of a professional badass that you see in movies, and not in a bad way. He also looks the part, but I digress. NPC’s falling after you smack them in the head with a blunt weapon looks realistic as well and, In addition, the hand-to-hand combat animations look nice, although I would have liked to see more variety in them.No game is safe from having the ragdoll physics act-up, and this game is no exception. Occasionally, NPC’s start having a seizure right after you shoot them/ knock them out. However, that didn’t impact my gameplay at all.Sound: The weak-point in an otherwise strong game. The voice acting is solid; with each character having a distinct voice and a nice performance. It enhances the quality of the cut-scenes.The sound effects were OK. Gun shots sound realistic, you can hear people walking behind and around you and also determine where each person is coming from/ going to.The music, however, was a big let-down. The main menu music is forgettable, the music that plays when you start a mission is annoying and the one the plays at the end of a mission is average. I did like the music that plays when you assassinate a target or get spotted, that’s the saving grace for the soundtrack. IOI took a short cut when making the OST and it shows. I hope they start from scratch for the following season(s).Gameplay: Hitman takes what makes it unique, the disguise system, and expands it exponentially. Walking around in your starting suit will not attract any attention; but it heavily limits the areas which you can access. Disguising yourself as a security guard, for example, allows you to access most areas of the level, but that comes at a cost; some NPC’s, especially one’s with the same occupation as the disguise you are wearing, can see through your disguise. If they do, they’ll get suspicious and confront you about it, and shortly afterwards will go and alert the guards, who will then attempt to arrest you. This also impacts your final score pretty negatively. You can avoid detection by NPC’s who can see through you disguise (marked by a dot above them when using instinct mode) by blending-in; each disguise allows you to perform actions to blend in: As a waiter you can pretend to be cleaning a table/ wiping the floor. As a lab doctor you can pretend to be looking through a microscope to hide your face etc. It’s a very creative mechanic. It brings “hidden in plain sight” to life.Before each level you have the planning phase, where you can decide which weapons and equipment to take with you into the level. You can also smuggle an item and decide the pickup location. And most importantly; you get to pick a suit for when you start the mission. As you complete challenges and opportunities (I will talk about them later) you earn mission mastery. Mission mastery unlocks more weapons, equipment, starting locations and pickup locations for your smuggled items. You’ll need to complete a mission 3-4 times before completely mastering it; incentivizing you to play each level more than once.There a ton of ways to assassinate targets; you can put lethal poison in their food/ drink, which will kill them on the spot. Or you can use emetic poison, which will cause them to find the nearest toilet to throw up in; isolating them and giving you the chance to drown them. You can assassinate them using accident kills, like pushing them off a balcony, causing a nearby gas tank to explode or dropping a heavy, suspended object on them. If you want to keep it simple, you can always go for the old-fashioned bullet to the head. The game has tons of challenges for each mission, making map exploration vital if you want to find and complete most/all of them.The opportunity system is another outstanding feature in the game. Walking around the level, you can overhear an NPC’s conversation revealing a vital piece of information which will help you assassinate your targets in very creative ways. One example of this is: you notice that one of your targets is waiting in the lobby of the hotel (where that specific level is set) for his room to be cleaned by room-service. You can then disguise yourself as room service staff, talk to the target and get him to follow you to his room, where he’ll be isolated, and then assassinate him without anyone noticing. This was just a simple example; there are around six opportunities in each level and they are all unique, complex and very fun to complete. You can have the game hold your hand through these opportunities, which I find too easy. Have the game give you tips about it, or, if you are really smart, do it all without any help. In any case, it’s a blast! Opportunities also put more emphasis on map exploration.The game received a lot of negative press due to its episodic format, and some users claimed to have experienced technical issues.Me? I was fortunate enough to buy it a long time after it dropped; therefore I experienced no technical issue whatsoever. I also wasn’t affected by the episodic format seeing that I bought the season pass after all the missions had been released. I think I bought it at the perfect time.Verdict: As a die-hard stealth game fanatic, having played most AAA and a lot of indie stealth games, I can only think of a few games that top Hitman. It’s an outstanding game that is similar to no other, and if you care at all about stealth games this is a must buy. Even at its full price this game is a steal."
,Recommended,236870,29612984,Posted: 31 January,all,Koso,"I've been a fan of the Hitman games since Codename 47 and can easily say without a doubt in my mind that this is THE Hitman game.Each level is absolutely brimming with content and feels like a mini sandbox game. The gameplay is fluid and the game is visually stunning, even on low settings. It's everything I've ever wanted from a Hitman game.The game is ridiculously replayable. I've personally spend at least 400 hours on Blood Money alone on a variety of different platforms including Steam, and Blood Money isn't even half as replayable as Hitman 2016. I can definitely see myself putting idiotic hours in to this game.A lot of the negative reviews are because of the episodic release, which I was skeptical about at first and didn't end up purchasing the game until Bangkok had been released. I really think the episodic format worked though as it gave you time to digest each level completely instead of rushing through to get to the next one and missing out on things. I've never been a part of any kind of episodic game and I genuinely found entertainment in being in on the hype and discussing what could be coming in the next mission and what went right or wrong afterwards.Another thing that puts people off is the always online thing, which has been more or less abandoned and shouldn't be a problem for the majority of players. If you don't have a stable connection then it could definitely be a problem. You need to be online to unlock things when you complete a mission, but you can still use all your unlocks offline which gives me some reassurance that the game won't just be abandoned when it comes to an end and that you will still be able to play completely offline. It has been said that the always online thing is also used to generate heatmaps to see which areas players spend most of their time so they can drop an Elusive Target in a zone that doesn't see much use.The game does have it's downfalls though, as any game does. The fact that you can't garotte/subdue NPC's that are on stairs or sitting is very irritating and I can only hope that we will be able to melee sitting targets in the future. A briefcase has GOT to be coming too seeing as you are now suspicious if you walk around with a sniper rifle in a guard outfit on Professional difficulty. There are still some X-ray guard vision bugs that need to be ironed out but personally, I've never had it happen to me, though I've seen it happen to other people. Metal detectors, elevators, and blood pools are also troublesome to the developers but I have faith that these things will be added/fixed in Season 2.Elusive Targets are a bit of a disappointment though and feel as though they're little more than player made contracts with a few extra NPC's and a cinematic. They are way more leanient than they seem and allow you to spend as much time as you like scouting out the area, then reload and do it for real. You can easily ammend mistakes by either restarting very quickly as soon as you realize something is wrong, or pulling your Ethernet cable. Elusive Targets were made to seem like you had a time limit and had to kill the target quickly before they left the area, but this is not true. The targets will just do their usual routine over and over, practically waiting for you to spot the window and make a move. You can spend hours on an Elusive if you really want to and the target will never leave.The new Professional difficulty is fantastic and has totally shattered every fool proof tactic I had and has added so much more replayability to the game. Maps have been tweaked, more guards have been added, some items have been taken away, holding things like hammers and crowbars is seen as suspicious, bloody disguises can't be worn, and a few other conditions. One of my favourites is the fact that guards now react to what cameras see, if you're caught trespassing by a camera then guards will flock to the area to hunt you down and it's absolutely fantastic. Cameras affect your score in Normal difficulty but nothing else, and nobody responds if the camera records you doing suspicious things. Guards have been given a ton of extra brain cells too and instead of giving up chasing you if you break line of sight, they will sweep the entire area like they really want to find you. I was spotted trespassing in the morgue in Hokkaido and decided to hide in the room with the guy in the shower near the staff cafeteria. The guards ran upstairs in to the resturaunt, cleared all the civillians and used a different set of stairs to come back down and close in on me from the other direction. If it was Normal difficulty then guards would've abandoned the search as soon as they left the morgue.TL;DR - A must have for any fans of Hitman or stealth games, but it does have it's quirks. It's a rough diamond at the moment but devs are constantly listening to suggestions and complaints and are working hard to give us what we want, and the episodic release allows them to do this while giving us new content at the same time.Also a tip to new players - turn Opportunities off right from the beginning. They hold your hand way too much and suck all the fun out of finding scripted kills on your own."
,Not Recommended,236870,30078009,Posted: 21 February,all,Winter,Badly optimized for pc.
,Recommended,236870,28959123,Posted: 2 January,all,wehbyjamin,Great Game 10/10Pros-Good Graphics-Fun Gameplay-Disguise Feature is awesome!!!-Penalty for innocent's death-Fast Load timesCons-Story feels incomplete but I expect to be a season 2-Story leaves off on a huge cliffhanger-Story is not explained very well-The Campain is quite short but there is other modes to play(written as of 1/2/2017)
76561198007329182,Recommended,236870,29555339,Posted: 28 January,all,Cartoonhead,"Absolutely fantastic game, a worthy successor to 2006's Blood Money. Hours of fun with interesting locations; targets; and ways to kill said targets.That said:The same 5 American and British voice actors for all NPC's is a let down. Hearing EXACTLY the same NPC voices (with no hint of location appropriate accent or attempt to change tone or delivery) no matter if you're in Morocco, Italy or Japan can be very jarring. One woman's voice is particularly recognisable and is prominently featured as the voice of general female NPCs #1-5 in every damn level.As I don't get a great deal of free time to play elusive targets before they fade back into the ether, I would like to see these contracts become available to play again in the near future. This is something IOI have stated they would not do, despite the contracts having already been made, leaving me a bit bewildered as to their reasoning behind this decision.Personally, I have had very little issue with the 'always online' DRM, but I can see why it frustrates. Though apparently this is now improving somewhat.8.5/10 please hire more diverse, location specific voice actors for Season 2, IOI!"
,Recommended,236870,29694685,Posted: 4 February,all,Nogs,"My GOTY 2016, there's an ebb and flow to the way the whole game plays out that feels like the Bond experience I never knew I so desperately wanted. Waiting on bated breath for season 2 and beyond."
,Not Recommended,236870,30103869,Posted: 22 February,all,GET,please fix sound issues its so annoying
,Recommended,236870,30036022,Posted: 19 February,all,Megakoresh,"TLDR:This game is a return to form for the franchise. The form, being the type of game Blood Money was. Large,insanelydetailed open levels, several approaches to taking down your targets, good stealth mechanics, decent enemy AI and a well-balanced disguise system, that is neither OP like in Blood Money, nor annoying and nearly useless like in Absolution, all contribute to a very satisfying experience once you complete a mission. One major criticism is the practically non-existent story, the weakest of any Hitman games to date, and not even comparable to Absolution, which had more story focus than all prior Hitman games. Annoying limited time ""elusive targets"", with their own story, voice acting, etc. also detract from the overall value. Absence of quicksave hotkey is a minor, but frustrating omission.By the way: you are absolutely not gonna need 100 hours to beat the game. I think that amount of time is what's required to master all the levels to a point when you know every corner and all the AI partrol timings. You need to really love to sit around different spots on the same map to do that.Full reviewHitman 6 is a game I am in two minds about. While it is a great game, no doubt, I will say right away: I do prefer Absolution. For several key reasons (and I know I am in the minority here). But let's talk about positives first:- Excellent stealth mechanics. Fair detection, body disposal, fair and well-balanced lethal/non-lethal takedowns that also make sense.- Fantastic, big, detailed, beautiful and well-optimized levels. Lots of things to explore, conversations to listen, disguises to obtain and kill opportunities to discover and perform.- Classy black humour with a light sinister touch.- Manual saving at any point, albiet without a quicksave button.- Adequate AI, although huge penalties (both in score and in time you have to spend waiting for them to calm down) for being detected or even making someone suspicious prevent from ever engaging or provoking it to do something unscripted.- 47""That's not a name. o_O""""Then make it one. (⌐■_■)""- Good PC port.Now here are some things I did not quite like:The levels in Hitman 6 are huge and sprawling with interactive details. But after spending a few hours going through different assassination opportunities, you will notice that most of the stuff is actually useless from gameplay perspective. For example there are a ton of objects you can find and pick up, though they have no meaning in the context of their placement.Another example: you can rig cord extenders to kill those who step on them, but only 1 or 2 of those are actually placed where your target will walk. There are conditions on which the target follows you, but why would make them walk over an exposed wire, if there's a very entertaining murder possibility specifically attached to those conditions?All of the above made me realize, that while there are indeed several ways to accomplish the objective, the game lead me on to believe that there were more possibilities than there actually were.Emergent gameplay in Hitman 6 is not absent, but rather limited: this is no Watch Dogs 2. And there lies another issue: your objective isalwaysto eliminate targets and get out. There are only 2 missions where you need to do something else, and only one of those has you do something interesting for it. This means that most of your actions are a intermediate steps to achieving a single goal in  certain way, instead of having clearly defined preliminary objectives, with a level for each, leading up to the ultimate goal, that being elimination of a high value target, which is the path that Absolution took.As a result playing Hitman 6 was quite... tiring. First confusion sets in at the seemingly insane amount of possibilities when you get dropped into a level. Then disappointment occurs when you realise that most of those objects you can interact with are irrelevant to your objectives. After that frustration sets in when you can't find the item that is relevant (such as rat poison, or something like that), in an area where it actually is needed. In the end I ended up turning on the ""opportunities"" options and completing those scenarios.Then another problem with this game is how badly delivered the storyline is. You get a few voice overs and a handful of pre-rendered short films that deliver a vaigue plot, which ends in a cliffhanger (ofc, we gotta break those up into episodes for maximum revenue. Melitele's♥♥♥♥♥♥ episodic release model is just cancer!). The story was such an afterthought that you can even watch those films without completing the levels that are supposed to lead up to them. There is no mention of fairly significant events that happened in Absolution, which must have had a rather significant impact on the main 2 characters, since it's the only Hitman game that wasn't just about killing all the bad guys and learning some secrets.There's also absolutely no context for ANY of the targets, beyong the mission briefing. One thing I really liked about previous Hitman games, and especially Absolution is how it made you really hate those targets. The story was delivered very well, with fantastic voice acting, cutscenes and in-gameplay dialogues, to really show how disgusting those people are, making those kills all the more satisfying. Hitman 6 doesn't do any of that, as your targets, except for the last one, are simply dossie's on a UI screen, all the context to them being given as in-game dialogue.And of course since the story is basically non-existent, it's not reflected in the level design. There are no sections, where you feel like you are closer to the end, there are no changing art or layout styles. There are just huge hubs, with a single objective, that requires a lot of micro-steps to reach.So yeah, I do think that I would have preferred a game that was separated into smaller more focused, but still open levels, each with a smaller objective that was relevant to the story, and the levels really being fully relevant to my goal, rather than having gigantic levels with a single objective for each, and a labyrinth of areas, items and objects to frustratingly navigate between, figuring out whether they have any relevance to my goals.I do realize that these maps were designed for more than just ""official"" target, and that a lot of those objects could be used in player created contracts, however in my opinion that part of the game could have been sacrifised for more focus on the storyline.Then of course you can read in all other reviews about the disgusting pre-order bonuses and the horrible release model, and the limited elusive targets and of course the damn always online DRM, that plaigues this game.Nevertheless, I'd be a fool to claim this is a bad game. While I personally enjoyed Absolution more, Hitman 6 is a very competent sandbox stealth game, which many are sure to like. A recommendation for certain, although I hope the next game will not be episodic and give the storyline a lot more attention. I like my single player games to have one."
,Recommended,236870,30054186,Posted: 20 February,all,FireManiac58,Actually great fun despite what the reviews say. You can now have your items saved to an offline profile as well. I would reccomend at least a 750TI or better to run it at a decent framerate though. 970 or better for 60+fps but a 960 (My card) performs fine and it doesn't feel like it's unplayable at all. A true Hitman game.
76561198280082393,Recommended,236870,30091863,Posted: 21 February,all,KeepingRunner,Great game with great graphics!  The bad reviews are just bad reviews.  Best Hitman game thus far!
76561198101763793,Recommended,236870,30160320,Posted: 24 February,all,boolinbababooie (aimware.net),good internet = good gamebad internet = what game?
76561198255376201,Recommended,236870,30242457,Posted: 28 February,all,Alija,Good game
76561198272086867,Recommended,236870,30250646,Posted: 28 February,all,vsauce,Gameplay is fun but not much of a story to it but I had fun playign it.
,Recommended,236870,25293603,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Spectation,"The game wouldn't start for me. I completely uninstalled the game and removed all files then did a fresh install, verified the game cache, did every windows update I could, restarted my computer and nothing fixed it. Currently awaiting a refund for the game.I'm sure it's a good game, but time is precious and I'm not going to spend any more of it trying to figure out how to get this to work as this is the only game that I've owned so far that won't even load for me.From what I've seen on videos, the game does look pretty good so I still recommend it since most people don't appear to be having the problem I had. If you have the same issue as me, you can always refund it.Specs:CPU: Intel I7 3770K 3.5ghzGFX: GTX 1070 8gb MSI Gaming editionRAM: 16gb 1600mz CorsairSSD 250GBSATA 1TB"
76561198037419968,Recommended,236870,25239288,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Insertcoins,I had previously not gotten into the Hitman franchise after bouncing off the early releases for various reasons but Hitman 2016 is great.
,Recommended,236870,30331583,Posted: 4 March,all,treatys,Playing Hitman can be a little frustrating experience. Anyways it is awesome to try different ways how to kill a man.
,Not Recommended,236870,30386550,Posted: 7 March,all,MirvannaScythes,"I'm sorry I purchased it. Online DRM. Boring story with 'buy our sequel!' cliffhanger. Sentient doors. Inconsistencies ""I can't smuggle coins into a hopsital why?.. Also why does even a top secret hospital have armed guards with machineguns in the halls?"". AI quite derpy ""Oh wow a thrown soda can! Everyone look! Soda can. Amazing. Must've fallen from heaven! Wow. Just Wow. Can!"". Oh and unless I missed it, if you take out a guard, and you have a gun, you can't hide his gun. You can just switch with it, then other AI will later find said gun and naturally freak out."
76561198169455026,Recommended,236870,29845010,Posted: 11 February,all,khalandor,"GameplayThis game is absolutely wonderful. I was skeptical because of the episodic format and the quality of Absolution, but I shouldn't have been. I bought it after all the levels came out. I was very much against the episodic format, but it really does make sense: each level is designed in a way to make you spend days in it. A huge amount of content is crammed into all levels, which means you have 2 ways to play the game:Rush through the game. This is not enjoyable, this must be where some negative reviews are coming from.Plan, discover the world, complete the opportunities, and spend much time on a level. This is how the game is very fun to play, and this what the episodic format is trying to promote: keep playing the level until the next one comes out. The game itself doesn't force you to play this way, but you definitely should.The levels are very atmospheric, they have a very James Bond-esque feeling. The only exception is Colorado, it's the only one really moving the story forward, but it's also the most boring.There's tons of content beside the main missions. I expected them to be low quality, but they are actually close to being as good as the main missions.Especially ellusive targets. I expected these to be a gimmick, and again, I was wrong. The fact that you can't save, and can only try the assassination once has a huge effect on how you play them. Giving the player a single chance actually causes them to spend an evening carefully planning the perfect murder, then finally execute it while sitting on the edge of their seat. This is a genius idea.StoryThe overarching story is average. The backstory of each target is good and very atmospheric. It's surprising to see that many seemingly random NPCs have their own story going on in the background (especially seen in Paris and Sapienza).LooksThe game looks very nice and framerates are OK, but not great.ControllerController support is perfect. I tried PS4 & Xbox One controllers, switching between controller and mouse is seemless, the button hints switch too right after you start using the opther input device. When using a controller, the menu gives you a layout for your specific controller. I recommend using a controller for this game.UltrawideUltrawide support is not too bad ingame. Using the instinct view only shows up NPCs in the middle of the screen, but this could be intentional. The map is 16:9, and has an overlay problem. Cutscenes are both pilarboxed AND letterboxed (small ultrawide cutscene in the middle of the screen...).OtherThe negative: ♥♥♥♥ing DRM on a single player game. Why?"
76561198019673114,Recommended,236870,30030184,Posted: 19 February,all,antoshkka,"Super awesome!Best game on Linux so far! Works on RadeonSI well (Mesa 17).Russains will additionally enjoy: ""клюква"" во всех миссиях где есть русские."
,Recommended,236870,30042078,Posted: 19 February,all,xxxbeatmypregnantgirlfriend,"I don't understand why people dislike this game so much. It is a big leap from Hitman: Absolution, since it follows a similar non-linear style to Blood Money. I have been having a ton of fun playing this game, since the levels are large and you can do whatever the hell you want. Also, the game's optimization doesn't seem bad, and I've never had an issue with DRM. Overall, I'd reccomend this game to anyone who likes Hitman/Stealth games and wants to have a lot of fun."
,Recommended,236870,21779936,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BWheatley,"Great game, it brings the old school hitman feel back."
,Recommended,236870,21802804,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Icarus,"Great game from the the prologue and first episode releasted. It feels alot like the old style hitman jumping back to Blood Money, the way i think hitman should be. Despite there only being one level excluding the prologue it is huge and i find myself finding a new way to navigate it and kill my targets each time with new weapons etc. I would strongly reccomend the game i have had no performance issues which i did have in the Beta so its nice to see those have been sorted.Pros- Going back to the original idea of hitman. Non-linear levels which you can explore at your own pace finishing off your targets however you want.- I havent had any problems with running it on decent settings with my 770 alot of people have complained about it being locked to Low but if you ramp up the rest of the settings it still looks flawless,- Huge amount of replayablility there. With escalation missions adding a new hurdle each time you play a level to just exploring parts of a level you never even ventured into in the first place. Theres a huge number of ways to complete each level.- Good amount of options and graphical settings along with being able to rebind all your keyboard functions if needed.Cons- Episodic release so even with the huge amount of replayablility expect to be left wanting more which you wont get till April. Think of it as a long term investmant if you go for the Full Experience not just you buying a game now.- Always Online feature has seen me be kicked from the game losing progress telling me i lost my connection despite my connection being fine and it seeming to be the Hitman Servers. Meaning that certain content cant be downloaded and ran offline. Its a pain and the only thing for me that really retracts from this being the perfect hitman game.In all i would strongly reccomend the game Agent 47 once again feels like he has a strong presence and meaning whilst also the game understanding that he is not a one man army and does need to utilise stealth and his surrounds to succeed in each mission, unlike in Absolution where you could find yourself easily shooting your way through a level if wanted.I understand alot of people have had performance issues but i havent so be wary of this and maybe go for the Intro pack or even just petition for refund on steam if it does not run for you."
76561198010260505,Recommended,236870,21810066,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Madman,"Note: Some people are reporting perfromance issues, I did not experience any but that may be different for you, make sure to check the system requirements.Note 2: At the time of writing only one ""main"" mission is available, so depending on further content the final verdict may change.This is the game I was hoping absolution would be. Large, open maps with a plethora of ways to complete ones objectives. A return to the old stealth system, rather than the weird situation in absolution where a disguise can often make it more difficult to infiltrate areas. The hint system can make it too easy but can simply be turned of thankfully, meaning you actually have to pay attention to your surroundings. Oh, and apparently 47 makes a pretty good model.The online requirements are annoying, as the planning options are apparently only available when connected, stripping a lot of features when offline.No number score because I have no set system for this stuff."
,Not Recommended,236870,21842123,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Shwam,"One story mission,Endless connection losses.....Feels like you're spoon fed through missions.Nothing like the old hitman games"
76561197987260915,Recommended,236870,21915368,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VVhitesnake,"Good game, seems to me that it combines the best features from ""Silent Assassin"" ""Blood Money"" and ""Absolution"" series. Took me back the memory lane and reminded me how fun it used to be playing Hitman games ! Keep up the good work, waiting for the next episode ! Graci B ) !"
76561198010978047,Recommended,236870,21925525,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Major Problem,"Great Hitman game, back to the BM roots! I had to turn off some of the aids to make it more enjoyable and not be able to see through walls. I cant wait for more content!The only problem I have with the episodic launches is that I dont want to burn out with the same map. Otherwise not a problem.People complaning about always online, welcome to 2016!! you are expected to have access to the internet if you are buying and playing games on Steam.EDIT: Sapienza map is really nice!"
,Not Recommended,236870,22023379,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Thrakos,"HIgh end PC, game constantly has crashing issues. Sometimes it has the ""Verify Integrity of Game Cache"" error. I've verified that several times. Other times it just crashes to desktop. Tried Direct X 11 and 12, but didn't seem to make any difference. Ended up refunding the game. Gameplay itself seemed good, but never knowing when it would crash during a mission got to frustrating to deal with."
,Recommended,236870,21779413,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,simp,"idk what everyone is complaining about, it's great for me."
