user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,236930,17716583,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Faudraline,"God, I haven't seen a movie in forever... - Rosangela BlackwellBlackwell Epiphanyis... or was... - gosh, I cannot believe that I'm putting this fact in words, my heart literally breaks - is the final installment in Blackwell series. You've been prepared for this final act throughout the whole series, and when you face it... you will know there could be no better ending. It is not the ending you want. It is not the ending you asked for. You keep whispering to yourself, even screaming in your head that this shouldn't happen! Yet you know that there is no better ending that this title deserves. We go out with a bang. It leaves you with a bittersweet sensation. We have to acknowledge that it is our time to say goodbye.A couple months after the events ofBlackwell Deception, we learn that Rosa has established a symbiotic relationship with Detective Durkin. She has become a silent informant for Durkin, as he helps Rosa to reach inside information on cases that she works on. Durkin doesn't ask questions, Rosa doesn't impose answers. We catch up on this partnership when Rosa is sent to investigate a rundown hotel by Durkin. A casual enough ""ghost whispering"" case occurs and finds resolution by Rosa and Joey's already tried abilities. Just as Rosa was leaving the scene, she witnesses a dreadful murder! The next day, not a word is spoken on the news about the said murder and Rosa's suspicions do raise by the minute. Does the police cover up the story? Why? It is time for us to chase another mystery... Maybe our last.In this final game, we encounter many old friends, enemies and familiar bystanders. Sometimes we smile, sometimes we pout, other times we wish that we'd be capable of throwing a punch through our screen. We live through our saddest, happiest, weirdest, cruelest encounters yet. But in the end, what rests with us the most are no other than Rosa and Joey. We witnessed their growth, both in character and relationship step by step. Now we are able to see that Rosa has fulfilled her potential, and we can finally claim that we know who Joey Mallone is. They are the kind of characters that you'll keep carrying with you long after their stories are told. Rest is ""a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing"".Gameplay wise, the game contains the longest playtime compared to all other installments as you can expect. There are many things to reveal, explore or dabble with. I'd say one play through would take around 8-10 hours, which would completely worth the full price. We are already familiar with all options and controls that the game has in store for us. Nothing changed. If I were to complain about one thing, I'd say there was some relevantly periodic backtracking which concerns casual visits to police station. Aside, I am silent on the complaint department.There are thousands of words that I wish to write about this masterpiece of an adventure game, but sadly the contents elude me as I ponder on. This was it. The one big finale. The grand exit. Literally no more Blackwell games to wait for. I found myself holding my breath as the story unwraps its countless unexplained mysteries one by one. Each crisp of information blew my mind. Each answer that I have been given, I anticipated for more. Flashbacks, metaphors, oddly exchanged dialogues, the gravity of choice and the collective unconscious; they all came back to present us the finale that we were waiting for. And that finale, was excellent!Just as I realized ""what the hell was happening"", the credits started to roll. I felt tears filling my eyes, and I cannot say this for a lot of games. Well done, Dave Gilbert. Well done and well played! I bow before you! I'll be missing everything about this game.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,236930,9933058,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,LT Netjak,"This review stands as a full review of the entire Blackwell series. I was introduced to this series a meager four days ago. I was intrigued by the old-school point and click ""talkies"" I had grown up with on old CD-ROMs from Fate of Atlantis through the Monkey Island series all the way to the newer Telltale Games products. I hardly knew what I was getting myself into.The Blackwell series stars the Blackwell family, mainly Rosa and introducing her Aunt, Lauren, in Unbound. At some point in the past, their Grandmother suddenly became saddled with a ghost, Joey, who was her spirit guide. Unable to take the pressure (limiting plot spoilers), she died and Joey passed onto the aunt. It turned out he is a spirit guide, destined to guide Mediums like the series protaganist Rose to lead lost spirits to the final destination.This is where the puzzle element comes into play. Like most adventure games, you interact with the environment through investigation, item manipulation and conversing with other characters. The first game in the series, Legacy, is fairly light on puzzles and is easily completed, but the series quickly grows into a satisfying old-school adventure title as the series progresses. Epiphany is the masterstroke of the series in this regard, with multi-threaded and complex puzzle threads that still fit well within the realm of logic.However, where the series truly shines is in the storytelling. The writing, character development and accompanying voice acting is near perfection. The series easily hooks you into the characters and makes you care about them. The slow reveal of the history, feelings, pain and emotion of each character over each of the five games easily drew me into the Blackwell world. With Epiphany, the entire series wrapped up in a way few games, movies or even television shows could ever hope - satisfying, even if bittersweet.There are a couple of hiccups in the game, primarily in code bugs in Unbound that cause voice tracks to trigger improperly, one being an ugly spoiler mid-way through that gave away part of a conversation from the game's finale, but otherwise is solidly coded and well designed. The graphics may also be a bit of a put-off to more modern gamers since it is intentionally created in a low resolution, non-widescreen format to mimic the old CRT monitors some of us older gamers were stuck with nearly two decades ago. But the artwork presented in close-ups, photos, desktop backrounts, and other areas is fantastic and feels alive.I whole heartedly recommend the entire five game series. Go back to the Blackwell Legacy and pick it up from there and don't stop until you finish up Epiphany. The game is a well build emotional ride with solid puzzle mechanics fit for a good old school adventure game. From someone used to adventure games being the high-energy comedy like Day of the Tentacle, The Blackwell series was a huge surprise. Though the surprise was pleasant and I believe it will be so for everyone else who gives this a try."
,Recommended,236930,13903652,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Diana,"Rosangela Blackwell is a struggling author living in New York, and a medium. Enter Joey Mallone, a ghost and spirit guide tied to the female members of the Blackwell family. When Rosa's aunt, Lauren Blackwell, passes after being in a coma for decades, Joey is 'released' from Lauren and enters Rosa's life. Details are revealed throughout the five installments of the Blackwell series regarding the female members of the Blackwell family, how Joey came to be, what happened to Aunt Lauren to trap her in a comatose state, etc. Together, Rosa and Joey seek out and help tormented ghosts trapped in the physical world cross over to ""the other side"" throughout the series.In BLACKWELL EPIPHANY, the fifth and final installment of the game series.Rosa’s now fully embraced her quest to find trapped spirits in New York and help them to move on.  We finally discover the origins of the two most prominent characters of the series, and learn a little more about a shadowy organization that is the antithesis of everything Rosa and Joey stand for. Many answers to things will be brought to light which have been hanging over the series since it's inception. The Blackwell series has always been focused on human stories, which has made this series so special. It definitely stands strong on its own merits with the incredible writing of Dave Gilbert.EPIPHANY begins and immediately takes a serious dark turn when people's souls are ripped apart right in front of Rosa and Joey's eyes. And there's the ghost of a little girl which hits Rosa and Joey harder than others -- but, for the most part, not treated as all that different or special than the others along their journey.  Death is unfair. Rosa and Joey know and accept that. It's the race to get the little girl's ghost ‘safe’ before whatever is destroying souls can take her death as easily as it took her life. There are other ghosts to be dealt with, too. From the TV news anchor desperate to leave her past behind, to the brother and sister striving to deal with childhood abuse.How does one end such a phenomenal series? When you get to the last act, everything kicks into high gear heading for the finish line ... the grand finale. And, wow! What a finale! The very last scene is ... dare I say ... perfect!Thanks, Dave, for such a wonderful experience over the past decade with the Blackwell series. Kudos!!!(To enjoy the story at it's best, the games should be played in order of creation. 1st 'LEGACY' -- 2nd 'UNBOUND' which explores the events and time that Lauren Blackwell and Joey were working together in the 1970s (while Unbound turned out, unintentionally, to be a prequel to Legacy, it should be played after Legacy to not only help enlighten the player as to what happened in the first installment, but also gives the player clues as to what is coming in future installments) -- 3rd 'CONVERGENCE' which takes place about six months after the events in Legacy -- 4th 'DECEPTION' which takes place some time after Convergence -- and 5th 'EPIPHANY', which is the final installment in the Blackwell game series.)"
,Recommended,236930,12717597,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,LofeOsStronge,"Incredible ending to a great series.Cried like a baby at the end lolIf you like great writing, dialogue and characters, this series would be right up your street.Sad that it's over but glad that I got to experience it."
,Recommended,236930,13903352,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MakoSipper,"Overview: Blackwell Epiphany is the fifth and final installment in my favorite point-and-click adventure series in this century. The Blackwell series definitely has a special place in my heart. Epiphany tells the story of Rosangela Blackwell, an experienced medium (aka Bestower), and Joey, a spirit stuck with the Blackwell family, and they both go about solving mysteries in NYC and investigating cases related to ghosts who couldn't move on to the afterlife.Pros:Despite having ghosts and all, characters are very realistic, well-developed, deep, interesting, funny, and loveableThe story is interesting and solving the mysteries is really fun (despite the whole game being really on the depressive side)Great and unpredictable ending to the series--I've read some bad reviews about it, but I thought it was awesomeEverything you've ever wanted to know about the series will probably be answeredThe puzzles are kept to a sober level of difficulty, but there's no handholding, either--if you're used to the series, you shouldn't get stuck or need any guidesThe dialogues and the voice acting are really outstanding, I can't stress it enough.Has a very interesting mechanic in which you combine clues instead of items to solve puzzles, and that works really well with the investigation theme. This feature is even improved in this game, as good as in Deception or probably slightly better.Once again, you get to control both Rosa and Joey (whose roll is even bigger then in Deception), adding a lot to the puzzlesLike in Deception, having the smartphone to do research and calls makes the game flow even better than the first three gamesReally gorgeous retro graphics, always going up in quality throughout the gamesBGM is awesomeCons:No in-game way to change the resolutionAlt+tabbing and alt+escing kinda screw the game (keyboard stops being recognized, some dialogues get cut down in a split second and you can't listen to/read them anymore), so you'll probably have to quit it and load it again to solve this issueA few minor inconsistencies, like characters not reaching the conclusion at the right time, or combining clues not working until after it was reasonable for it to work and stuff like that (most of those were indirectly justified in the commentaries, like ""this was added in the last week of production"" or something like that)IT'S OVER!!! =(Bought on: Steam Store for R$ 11,19 (US$ 5.99 in the US at that time). I would've bought it last holiday sales even if it had no discount (and I wouldn't be disappointed).Verdict: This is the last game in the series. Epiphany is considerably better, deeper, longer, more clever and more emotional than its prequels. Definitely the most serious, depressing (in a good way) and enjoyable game in the series. It's really fun and brings you back to old-school adventure games, while still bringing fresh elements to the table. Epiphany also imerses you in this intricate plot in a way like no other Blackwell game does (and they were already good at that). If you're into classic point-and-click games, you most definitely have to try it! Don't forget to play the other titles first! While you could play Epiphany as a standalone game, you'll miss a lot if you haven't played the other games. So don't do it! Start at the beginning. One thousand thumbs up!"
,Recommended,236930,15879856,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,caubert,"So this is the final episode of this great adventure game series. I just love the whole saga. Story is very enthralling, never boring. And 2 main characters, you will just fall in love with them. Alas the ending of the last game is really hard to accept emotionally. It makes sad. The game gives emotion, will make you feel empathy for main characters. I seriously recommend this saga to anyone who likes old-school, pixelated point'n'click adventure games."
,Recommended,236930,16917416,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Phoenix-san,"You dont want to know how Blackwell saga ends.Trust me, sweetheart.I warned you."
76561198082207627,Recommended,236930,31613751,Posted: 7 May,all,Mochriademia,"I had recently purchased the first four games of the series in a bundle and then played them all in a day. It was like a great book I couldn't put down! Immediately after I finished the fourth game, I bought Blackwell Epiphany and played through it. It's a phenomenal ending. I love everything about this series! The characters are interesting and well-developed over all of the games. I was never bored. The puzzles aren't overly frustrating but there is some challenge to figure out the right solution. I would highly recommend all of the games (and play them in order!). It's an interesting story that also manages to be kind of nostalgic. I love the noir/detective feel. I love the graphic style and the simple interface. I love how well the games connect the different pieces of the story. Overall wonderful games!"
,Recommended,236930,21333768,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,keeveek,"Blackwell Epiphany concludes one of the best point and click adventure series in years.  It's amazing how the series developed for all this time. Each game in the series kept getting better and better. And this applies to every aspect of the games - the puzzles, the graphics, the sound design and dubbing cast and so on.The story in this one takes a really dark turn and it takes it graceully. The ghost stories are moving and much deeper than anything you've seen in games made by Telltale per example.One thing's for sure - I will miss Rosa and Joey very damn much."
,Recommended,236930,14815416,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"This game has achieved something I would not have thought possible: It made me cry! The last time that happened was somewhere around the release of the movie 'The Green Mile' (the killing of that mouse just hit me hard).I started playing the Blackwell series because the first game was on sale and I really enjoy the 'adventure'  games with great stories. After I finished the first one I couldn't stop and played through all of the other ones as well. The grand finale of the series, Blackwell Epiphany, is in my opinion the best of them all.The ending was just overwhelming and beautiful. These games had, no pun intended, soul!Dave Gilbert, thank you."
76561197968514473,Recommended,236930,11951788,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Meat-King©®,"“Well, everyone already believes you are crazy. Becoming homeless is the next logical step.”Blackwell Epiphany represents the last of five parts in the Blackwell series. The most interesting aspects of these games, next to the excellent storytelling, are the characters and their development.A suitable example is the female protagonist. At the beginning Rosa’s behavior could be described as awkward and nervous. At the end of her journey she has become a confident woman, who is proud of her special gift.Overall, the Blackwell saga is a very charming adventure with wonderful characters and great writing.Achievements:Estimated time for 100% completion: +5 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 18Multiplayer achievements: none"
,Recommended,236930,14330995,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Attilion,"The following is my opinion on the Blackwell series (and not just this fifth and final installmentThough the design, length and quality of these games vary from one another (the production span is 8 years), it is nearly impossible to take them apart. Sure, the gameplay can change drastically, the tone may shift from giddy to utter dark but it never feels wrong. That's hard to explain but Dave Gilbert sure did great.The writing is excellent, the voice acting is great, the puzzles are logic (which is not a given in adventure games) and the overall feel of the series is spot-on.If you're a fan of point n' click you cannot miss those games. For the others, it may rest on your ability to enjoy a game under 480p with a slow pace. But it is absolutely worth it.Oh, and Ben Chandler, the God-on-Earth-of-AGS-community has worked on the penultimate game as well as this one here. Just so you know."
76561198032601770,Recommended,236930,21949282,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kefala,"There are very few video games that have made me question and look introspectively at my life and the Blackwell series is one of them.In between the devastating and the heart wrenching is a story about a friendship and a love-letter to New York City.The Blackwell series have been my gateway drug to adventure games, but since my adventures have begun nothing has quite captured a place in my heart like they have."
,Recommended,236930,22612073,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CynaMel,"The Blackwell series is a very very good point and click adventure with pretty good voice acting.You need to play them all to really feel the story and the depth of the characters. The Finale(Epiphany) was FANTASTIC(you may shed a tear). Its one of those games where the toil of playing all those hours actually felt meaningful in the end. The Voice acting was satisfying enough to make you forget its actually a point and click game.Some solutions to some puzzles may not be that obvious at first, but if you dont get it,plenty of guides there.Since almost all the blackwell games have similar mechanics, didnt think of writing different reviews for each of them.9/10 for the series. Writing this after playing all the 5 episodes.Kudos to Dave Gilbert and The whole Team."
,Recommended,236930,12277450,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gradev,The highly enjoyable Blackwell series draws to a close with its best installment
,Recommended,236930,33759183,Posted: 23 July,all,idlecruelty,"The last game in the Blackwell series, Epiphany also stands out as the darkest. We finally get to see the origins of Rosa's powers, and tie up some remaining loose ends from prior chapters regarding her aunt's demise. The concept and writing for Epiphany remain solid, but as in previous installments, suffer from somewhat clunky controls and gameplay. There were a few times where I was only able to advance the story by visiting every location or clicking each item in a room because I had not found a poorly placed clue that would trigger an advancement; aside from this, controls in Epiphany stand head and shoulders above some of the earlier games (which I've also reviewed).Aside from a bizarre ending twist that really didn't stick the landing, I enjoyed Epiphany. If you've played through the rest of the Blackwell games, definitely play Epiphany; it's easily the best of the series. If you haven't played the series, hold off on purchasing until they go on sale."
,Recommended,236930,32032437,Posted: 28 May,all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),This is a great conclusion to an excellent series. I highly recommend it. It's an emotional story with a great plot twist.
,Recommended,236930,10175379,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,LiK,What a journey it has been. This is the final and BEST game in the series. Some pretty awesome twists and revelations for long time fans. The VO was superb and the writing was excellent as well. Great music all around. The puzzles were fun to figure out too. Any fans of the Blackwell series NEEDS to play this and see how this ends. Thank you WadjetEye Games for giving us one of the best adventure game series out there. I love Rosa and Joey!
76561198176301233,Recommended,236930,27339764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NS Plover,"I'm voting for this game for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Steam Award (Autumn Sale 2016). I enjoyed the game completely and the ending did make me feel this way."
,Recommended,236930,20385794,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,nekobun,"You want ending? Blackwell will give you ENDING. The Blackwell Epiphany is the final round of Blackwell adventuring, and they make a point of going out with one, if not several, bangs.Rosa and Joey are back once more, even more dedicated to their cause following the events of Blackwell Deception and tracking a case that feels a bit heavier than their earlier workload. Things quickly spin into an even more grim situation, where bad times seem contagious and things are steadily getting less and less good, both for our plucky protagonist and, eventually, all of New York City.Of the entire Blackwell series, I'd say this round's change of sprite art is my favorite, and the portraits are up there in the ranking as well. Puzzles felt a bit easier this time around, but it could just be having gotten used to Blackwell logic after already finishing four other games in the series. There's not much I can say beyond that without spoiling, though I will say you might expect at least one twist if you've been paying attention thus far."
,Recommended,236930,25354130,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Wirdjos,"This fifth and final installment, Epiphany, is the culmination of all that the Blackwell series has been building up to. The art has really come into its own after a poor showing in the last game, and a focus on exterior locations has resulted in some truly beautiful backgrounds. Puzzles feel completely natural which could be an effect of the game design changing so little between Epiphany and Deception or simply from the fine tuning done over the past four games.This is also by far the longest of the Blackwell games. The story focuses on the job ahead of our heroes this time rather than mystery of the duty itself, but still manages to be epic. As a spirit medium, Rosangela is involved in the most important moment of each of these peoples' lives (existences), which is brought home by another string of excellent voice performances. Those individual stories are then woven together to create something that not only hits harder than it ever could have alone but also provides answers to what has become the Blackwell legacy.By the time the credits role, every loose end has been tied up as well as if could have ever been - save for one. Sadly, the society the pair vowed to hunt down at the end of Deception has been largely forgotten in order to focus on the finale of the series. As important as it was for the last game, it just didn't fit in this game. The writer includes a deleted scene in the commentary to point out exactly why that line of investigation would have overcomplicated an already complex story. The commentary track as a whole is more robust in this game than in the last. It now features explanations from the artist alongside Gilbert's traditional commentary and the occasional blooper from the voice recording sessions.This game has so much offer, but going any further in depth would run the risk of spoiling its stirring conclusion. So without giving too much away: this was a satisfying and moving end to a fantastic series."
,Recommended,236930,20411747,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Captain Reasonable,Possibly the best adventure game I have ever played? Nearly all Wadjet Eye games are brilliant. Really poignant end to the Blackwell series which I think is an absolute must for any adventure game fan.-Puzzles are of perfect difficulty-Voice acting great-Art beautiful-Writing wonderful
,Recommended,236930,16610760,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheManko,"The final part of the Blackwell series does what you’d hope the final episode of a series would do. Every scrap of story left hanging from earlier parts is brought back and wrapped up here, rewarding you for sticking with it to the end. The production values are better than ever, and when I started it I hoped I would be here saying it was perfect.It might be because I played them all back to back, but I didn’t like how transparent the story structure felt. The second game established a structure which all the later games followed. This worked for the second and third game. But by the fourth it felt old, and doing it again for the final game made it weaker. I don’t want to overdo this point though, it didn’t by any means ruin the game for me. It’s just one of a few things that made it not as good as it could have been.Another weak point is the solutions to a few of the puzzles. A common point and click problem: the pixel hunting. In this game there are loads of locations, some with busy visual styles. There’s a couple times where I wanted to rip my hair out because I overlooked a 4 pixel thing on a table right next to a pile of identical stuff I couldn’t interact with.I also didn’t like how it ended. Parts of the third act were very exciting and made me giddy. But how it ultimately ends made me go “oh ok”, instead of jumping off the walls in excitement as I was hoping. That said, it wasn’t bad! I feel myself warming up to the ending as I’m writing about it. I still very much recommend this series to anyone who is on the fence about playing it. As point and click adventures go, this series, and this final chapter, are easily among the better ones."
76561198027716374,Recommended,236930,23970771,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kainminter,"This is the 5th and final entry in the Blackwell series.Great game as usual, and an excellent ending to the series. I am glad to have played all 5 of these games. They were wonderfully writen and memorable."
,Recommended,236930,15934194,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"Finishing Blackwell Epiphany, the fifth and final Blackwell game, feels like the end of an era. And it's impossible to talk about this game individually outside the context of the entire series.The Blackwell games are the kind of games you enjoy while sipping on a smooth whiskey and listening to slow jazz. Luckily, the games' soundtracks provide some amazing jazz, so you only have to worry about the whiskey.The art is a purposefully pixelated retro style, which works because the gameplay and philosophy behind it is very much in tune with the visually similar point-and-click adventure games of the 90's.The puzzles can be occasionally obtuse and frustrating, but for the most part once you learn the mechanics you'll know what to do next. And if you don't, the one tried-and-true adventure game formula of exhausting all conversation options and trying to combine every item with everything interactable will inevitably work.Where the game really shines is the voice acting. Dave Gilbert continually got very talented people to work with him and the games are so much better for it. Both Abe Goldfarb and Rebecca Whittaker deserve to win awards for their multiple performances.The series just kept getting better and better, making Epiphany easily the best entry of them all. The story really shines when it gets dark and serious, and Epiphany succeeds tremendously there. I'm so glad the writing didn't shy away from some really rough places and concepts. Bravo for taking a risk and going there.This game is like the icing on the layered cake of the whole series. Its creators should be very proud of it. You won't find better on the indie adventure game scene. I'm beyond excited for what the team at Wadjet Eye games does next."
76561198053586991,Recommended,236930,28336167,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,sioux33,"This game gets better and better every chapter. This final act is simply a masterpiece. Great voice acting as in the previous ones, artwork is pretty cool, the story is engaging and moving and the music amazing. Literally breathtaking finale; a masterpiece title that built up with each episode, with this being the cherry on top."
,Recommended,236930,23408599,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Darkcloud,"First of all, I enjoyed every bit second of it. This Game should be played as part (final part) of the whole Blackwell Series.The Story is astonishing told and has all the ingredients of a really good story. It has emotions, tension, humor and seriousness. The story is really well told and that strong to put this series in a league of one of the best adventures I played the last few years.About the different aspects of the this Games/Series:Graphics:The graphic is no highly polished, effectful 3D grahic, but it is always fitting to tell the story also in appropriate graphical way. The graphics get better with every part of the Blackwell series, but it never takess the attention away from the story.Blackwell Epiphany: 6/10Blackwell series: 5/10Audio:The Audio is great. Every bit line is sychronized and well played by the different voice actors. This one is really great and support the whole game/series and how emotionally the story is told. The music is atmospehric and is never nerve-racking.Blackwell Epiphany: 10/10Blackwell series: 10/10Story:I wrote it at the beginning of my review. This is one of the best told stories in an adventure / adventure series in the last few years. It has it all emotions, tension, humor and seriousness. It is well support through the graphic and even better by audio, meaning voice actors and music.Blackwell Epiphany: 10/10Blackwell series: 10/10I can defintely recommend this game... WAIT... I insist I recommend the whole series to get the full experience out of the fantastic story.This game / series is worth every dime of it. You wil not regret it!Have fun with this adventure gem(s) :)"
,Recommended,236930,18896500,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Darturias,"The ending of this game is so intense, so emotional and so well done that I think a part of me died a little on the inside.They've not only managed to create a wonderful set of games with a polished retro style delicious to play for nostalgics of old point and click adventures like me but also they've managed to end them with the best conclusion I can imagine.They have some little issues with steam interface ingame and the latest games came with a few annoying achievements, but even with that minor flaws I can't recommend them enough.I'm sincerely touched by those little pieces of art."
,Recommended,236930,12505075,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Wee McQ,Absolutely loved all the Blackwell's! My kind of story/game
,Recommended,236930,18535780,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,"Boots, the Prophet","Blackwell Epiphany is the last game in a series of five. The conclusion to everything. And, may I add, a magnificent conclusion. Epiphany mantains everything positive from Blackwell's previous instalments, and even manages to improve them, by a good margin.Graphically speaking, there's been no evolution whatsoever. And that's pleasant, due to the already suiting, and fitting art style. Besides, after four games, one gets used to the low resolution, and pixel graphics, that are not a negative aspect, at all. There are still a bunch of achievements that add replayability to the game, as with the previous titles.Imagine if you grabbed all the action scenes from Legacy, Unbound, Convergence and Deception. Epiphany seemed to have about the same action and suspense as all the other games combined, if not more. That's amazing. And justifies the price tag, as well. As such, the title is also the lengthier of the five. Voice acting is still suprisingly good, and I will miss the sound of Rosa's and Joe's voice. Soundtrack is still a beautiful mix of Jazz, and the same theme is always being played, in different takes.Concluding this not so long review, as I can never write about everything I experience through games, I feel like I will miss the Blackwell series dearly. I will miss to send ghosts to meet their peace. I will miss to hear both Rosa and Joe talking to each other, joking in the process. This was quite a ride. The quantity of games that can stick to a gamer's memory, at least for a long while, is quite rare, at least for me. Blackwell is not a forgettable game, I assure you. 100% recommended."
76561197994782386,Recommended,236930,10009393,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,uka7777,"The last - and definitely the best games of the Blackwell series. A truly classic and practically flawless adventure game. Recommended to everyone - however, the knowledge of the four previous games is highly recommended as well!"
,Recommended,236930,33178672,Posted: 3 July,all,Sienical,"A great conclusion to a great series.I'm looking forward to playing this game again, getting all the achievements and listening to the commentary tracks."
76561197994638644,Recommended,236930,12576109,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Amadan,"A hugely enjoyable finale to the beloved series. It doesn't tie up every loose end, and not every plot development makes quite as much sense as you might like, but as a chance to reconnect with these characters and see them through one last, sweeping adventure, it is not to be missed. The voice acting and pixel-art backgrounds have never been better, and the story itself is longer by far than any of the previous entries, giving you chance to really lose yourself in the spectral mysteries and companionable snark of the Blackwell world.  If you enjoyed the other Blackwell games, it is unthinkable that you will not get a tremendous kick out of this one.Q. I liked some of the other Blackwell games, but not all. Which features does this use?A.You can still swap between Rosa and Joey, you can use inventory objects on the outside world, and you can once again combine entries in your notes to make fresh deductions (a feature I deeply missed). The art is SVGA-ish pixel art, as opposed to the cartoony drawings in some versions of earlier games, and as I say, it's probably the best art in the series (though the oddly stiff walk animation from Deception seems to have lingered just a bit).Q. Do I have to play the other games first?A. Technically no- most major plot points are recapped or alluded to in the game. You will, at the very least, be able to follow the gist of the story. But why punish yourself that way? The earlier games are funny, clever, and quick to play, and give the events of Epiphany a real impact. To say nothing of the countless grins and gasps you get from recognizing some long-forgotten plot development suddenly blossom on the screen. Unlike the vast majority or videogames, the Blackwell series has a real sense of *history* to it, and it's a treat worth savouring."
,Recommended,236930,12867725,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,a_nevels666,"A nice sendoff for this adventure game series,I strongly recommend playing the other Blackwell games first, as this one wraps up the overall story.It's a classic style point and click adventure game, that avoids most of the more frustrating missteps of the genre like pixelhunting, mazes, illogical puzzles, etc.This one probably has the best production values out of the Blackwell games, it's neat to see how they've gotten better in that sense, the commentary tracks they all have provide some interesting insight into the production as well.One of the better modern point and click adventure games,Recommended."
,Recommended,236930,12228683,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Project_X-593,"If you've played any of the previous Blackwell games and enjoyed them, you'll enjoy the conclusion too. Epiphany is a few hours longer than previous entries in the series, and while some of the plot points are a bit far fetched, it's absolutely worth seeing how it all plays out.If you haven't played any of the Blackwell games yet, I still highly recommend them. The pixel art looks great (at least in my opinion), the voicovers are good, though some characters in the earlier entries are a little weaker, and the stories of each game are all strong on their own, and even stronger when taken together as each new game has more events to reference back to.I found the puzzles in this game were a little stronger than previous entries - what I had to do next made sense, without being overly obtuse. I'll admit I did look up a walkthrough once, but even then what I'd missed did make sense. If you do choose to pick up this game, try not to look things up unless you're really stuck - the feeling of solving a tricky puzzle is worth it.Overall, I highly recommend this series to any fans of old point and click games, ghost stories, or anyone just any game with a good story in general."
76561198099275658,Recommended,236930,23032700,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,monkeymadness,"It is finally finished! This beloved series that just keeps growing on ya! I'm extremely impressed by the way that Dave Gilbert developed this story. By the end of the whole series I felt very connected to Rosa, Joey, and the cast of characters from the entire series. It is also amazing to see the games improve as they progressed, getting rid of elements that detracted from the game and replacing them with elements that helped push the game along. I'm not much of a mystery/clue finding type of gamer, so if a game series is able to get me to enjoy something that I'm not that into then the game is pretty special. For this fifth and final installment here are some of the pro's and con's of the game.Pro's: The storyline is marvelous in this game, lets just say everything wraps up rather nicely. I absolutely love Rosa and Joeys relationship and think that the actor who plays Joey does an amazing job and yes the hilarious banter is still there. The puzzles were fun, as usual. I was glad that this game had some different puzzles that the other four games had not done before and the continued ability to switch between Rosa/Joey. The length of the game was good, comparable to Convergence and Deception (Unbound and Legacy both seemed a little short).Con's: One word, the art. Still hate it and always will! I also think it is funny that I love and hate the consistency issues. I think that making the necessary changes from game to game is a good thing to do, but it really makes you feel like they should have done that in the previous games and can be a little jarring when Joey is drawn different, the style of music changes, the mechanics change, or the voice acting is different.As I've said in many of the other reviews, some of these games by themselves are not the greatest (cough...Blackwell Legacy), but if you can get through the first boring chapter in the book then you will find a pretty amazing series one that will not disappoint.Blackwell Legacy: 6/10Blackwell Unbound: 8/10Blackwell Convergence: 7.6/10Blackwell Deception: 8.2/10Blackwell Epiphany: 8.5/10Blackwell Series: 8.2/10Check out my other point and click adventure reviews on my page!"
76561198067758778,Recommended,236930,10006102,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Crestfallen_Rose,"The fifth and final entry of the Blackwell series is both thought-provoking, intense and emotionally devastating.Since this is the last part of the series, it's by far the longest - and it took me roughly ten hours to beat; which is about the length of two Blackwell games. I definitely recommend that fans who play this should do so with small breaks since there's a lot to take in. Literally all of the unanswered questions that have been bothering me - on top of Epiphany's plot, in addition - was crammed in and some bits may have flown over my head in the process.Thankfully, the mysteries surrounding Joey and the Blackwell family are finally revealed and I was happy to get that closure.Epiphany pulls out all the stops when it comes to drama, and I found myself feeling weary of what would happen to the majority of the characters - not just Joey and Rosa - which is great because that shows that the other characters are relatable and likable.The story itself does a complete turnaround and you won't be expecting the culprit behind it all and the resulting ending!I really enjoyed Epiphany, not quite as much as the others because of the depressing undertones and some of the events that unfold, but it's still a Blackwell game and it holds up to its predecessors.The only complaint I have is that the events could have been spaced out a bit more so that it wasn't just one thing immediately after another - it felt overwhelming at times. Also, the ending wasn't favorable in my opinion but I suppose it fits.Be sure to bring lots of tissues...Thank you Dave and Wadjet Eye for this amazing series and congratulations on its completion!"
,Recommended,236930,11172718,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"Hmm...what to say. They really raised the bar in this one, as you no doubt have noticed in the trailer. The game is the final in the series of 5 blackwell games. It has such a memorable cast of characters that it's hard to ignore such a great game. I enjoyed every moment of it (even those frustraiting moments of being stuck like I get in all point-and-click adventure games) and I enjoyed it all.The ending is not what I would've wanted and I'm kinda bummed at it, but I believe it was possibly one of the best ways to end it, all things considered. I have been a massive fan of this company and though I wasn't too fond of the ending, that hasn't turned me off to their works. I hope to see more in the future."
76561198161350885,Recommended,236930,16786000,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,skittlezrock161,"Wow, that series was just... Wow. Brilliantly written, nice graphics, perfects voice actors, over-all amazing plot, I can't see how anyone would rate it badly. The best ending for a game, ever.But man... That game was so depressing. I mean, a good bitter-sweet depressing, but dude. You know the type of ending that makes you want to go through it completely all over again? That's how I felt after finishing this. TOTALLY worth the money spent on it. Well done, creators. Well done."
,Recommended,236930,31368442,Posted: 25 April,all,Lulareka,"What did I think of when I started the Blackwell series?! I got so much sucked into it, I played through all the 5 games in just a few days. And now I probably need one or two days to get down from it, just like it is with any good story.Even though there are still many questions unanswered, this last game felt like a worthy finish.For my taste it got a little bit too fantasy-intense in a too short time in the last part of the game... but that didn't stop me from tearing over the end.Of all the Blackwell games, this one is my favorite when it comes to the emotional bond and the interaction between Rosa and Joey. You could really see the various facets of their relationship: the teasing, the team-work, the growing trust, the annoyance about each other and the dependency, the caring...If you liked the other games, you should play this one, too."
,Recommended,236930,33245780,Posted: 4 July,all,Doctor Cucumber,A fantastic finale for the saga.
,Recommended,236930,33530386,Posted: 14 July,all,Darwish,"My review is about the entire Blackwell series, not about a specific episode.TL;DR - highly recommended if you're looking for good quest games.Although being quest series, the Blackwell series isn't difficult comparing to other games in that genre as there aren't logic puzzles to solve. However, the games don't suffer from one flaw that exists in many quests, and that is excessive use of items. In some quest games you usually stack up a lot of items and end up trying every combination of item and something clickable on the screen until you find that absurd combination that makes you progress. The Blackwell series doesn't have that flaw as items aren't the main part of the game. Also, when places become irrelevant you can't access them anymore, which also prevents having to go back and try to find something useful in every place that you've been through at the endgame.The progression in the game is made by combining the abilities of Rosa (or Lauren in Blackwell Unbound) and Joey, which complete each other. Joey can enter locked rooms but cannot interact with anything, and Rosa can do the opposite. Only by combining their abilities you will make progress. There's also a built in search engine inside a game in which you have to use in order to progress, which makes you feel that you're doing detective work and not just trying to figure out how to use your inventory.The plot becomes ""bigger"" in each episode and ends with a grand finale in Blackwell Epiphany, so you don't feel like you're doing that same thing in each game.I really enjoyed the series and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,236930,15850888,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Melovinci,"Here’s a point and click series that has been eight in years in the making. Fortunately, I did not spend eight years waiting to play them all as I started in early 2014, just in time for the last one to be released. The series aging poorly over a such a long time isn’t really an issue here as it’s done in the 90s style of point and click adventures. Pixel graphics, above-par voice acting, items to pick up and most of all, a compelling story.What do I think? Not bad, not bad at all. The characters draw you into well-written, appropriately voiced, engaging point-and-click adventure. It’s probably one of the most intuitive adventures I’ve played in a while (especially after playing Monkey Island and Sam & Max). It’s also the only point and click adventure I’ve played set in modern times, in the real world. It’s weird to have to think ‘modern’"
76561198038371482,Recommended,236930,13784743,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rat 13,"The whole serie of Blackwell is pretty much must have for adventure fans. Something about those games, just gets you from first screen of Legacy to a final conclusion of Epiphany... What else to say? Blackwell franchise tells a story about Rosa Blackwell and her ghost friend Joey, their work is to help spirits accept their death and help them to move on to the other side. Anyone can recall another game about medium job? That would actually includ just that, been a medium? As far as I know, Blackwell uniq in that matter. It kinda blurs in final installment, but nevertheless stays true to it's origins. Charecter development is amazing! Voice acting is cheesy at first and second games, but overwhelmengly great at later instalments. Gameplay is easy and relaxing, for adventure game it doesn't have too difficult puzzles or even pixel hunting, it based around dialogues mostly. Also all games are releatively short, but entertaining.Aw shucks. Dunno what else to say... Just that I guess: You love adventures? Get Blackwell!"
,Recommended,236930,23225336,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,Satisfying end to a great little series of point and click games.
76561198061165729,Recommended,236930,28965702,Posted: 2 January,all,UguuMeredith,::SPOILERS AHEAD::okay but?????? why?????? would you hurt me like this????????? i still don't know what organization gavin came from?????? i thought i was getting answers and all i got was sadness. nothing can replace the hole in my heart that Rosangela Blackwell once filled. OR JOEY MALLONE MIGHT I ADD. WHY???? WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME???? I THREW AWAY THE LAST FEW DAYS OF MY WINTER BREAK ON THIS SERIES I HATE THIS AAAAAAAAHIT'S NOT LIKE I CAN HOPE FOR A SEQUEL LIKE THIS IS THE FINAL GAME. WHY. I CAN ONLY PRAY FOR A SPINOFF???? BUT THAT'S HIGHLY UNLIKELY????? IM SO SAD IVE NEVER BEEN THIS UPSET OVER A GAME BEFORE. ROSA???? WHY??????? JUST WHY???? AAAAAAAAAActual review:The Blackwell series is one of the most elegant point-and-click adventures I've ever played and I highly recommend it. But beware: it will rip out your heart and stomp on it. The ending kind of leaves a foul taste in my mouth (not sure if it was really a good wrap-up to the series) and honestly I'm not sure if throwing away the last 3 days of my life was totally worth it but believe me--the Blackwell series is a set of games that need to be experienced.buy this game plz
,Recommended,236930,33393039,Posted: 8 July,all,thainen,"Blackwell series's grand finale. It's strong. It's touching. It's flawed. It doesn't tie every lose end, and might let you wishing it all ended differently -- but, all things considered, it's a good, if far from perfect, wrap-up for one of the best modern point-and-click adventure series."
76561198158004807,Recommended,236930,28476885,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zorinda,"I thoroughly enjoyed the entire Blackwell series. The interesting story and characters and the great music and voices overcome the so-so graphics. Joey is a joy. The puzzles and story progression are generally logical. I found I needed to refer to a walkthrough only a few times. If you like adventure games with a good story, I can recommend playing the Blackwell series. Play them in sequence one after the other to get the full effect. This series is now in my Top 5 Adventure Games list."
,Recommended,236930,24931480,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,LaceySnr,"When I first started this series I was almost put off by the first scene, and although the first game strictly linear the story got me hooked. Holy hell am I glad I played on during that first sitting, because this finale was well worth every moment that came before it.Love the story that's told through these games, the character development is solid and overall production quality improves all the way through. Tle Blackwell Epiphany is a great game, and one I'll fondly return to again one day."
,Recommended,236930,10340157,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CajunStrider,"This game is one of the few that I find very special from start to end. The story is very good and the puzzles are sometimes hard to figure out. The ending is more than satisfying. I really love the way they tied everything in. They are definitely a few surprises in the game here and there. At least two of them had really caught me off guard and that is what i like from this game. This game is among my top ten favorites. I strongly recommend anyone who loves a game with storytelling, puzzles, and great endings. I give this game a rating of 11/10!"
,Recommended,236930,22868523,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,alison,"Blackwell Epiphany is a very pleasant end to the saga, and a perfect lazy Sunday afternoon adventure game. If you've played the first ones you know what to expect here - decent voice acting, great jazz music, logical puzzles, a touch of fantasy and a splash of NYC. It wasn't my favorite in the series (for me that was the second game) but i enjoyed it about as much as episode four, which was a pretty solid point and click. Definitely worth it for fans of the series and adventure games in general."
,Recommended,236930,25200691,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Amorous Eyes,"The fifth and final game in the Blackwell series is a beautifully crafted point & click adventure game which continues the story from the previous games. While I do heartily recommend this game I do so with the caveat that you should play all of them in order to fully appreciate the world Dave Gilbert & Co have created.It is a satisfying ending to the series and a wonderful game on its own. The voice acting is great as per usual and the game is glitch-free. the interface comes with a cellphone which doubles as a google machine. The locations are diverse and the ""spooks"" believable.Best adventure game series of the decade. None of the Blackwell games will disappoint you if you love the talkie point & click adventure games of the '90s.Encountered no bugs or broken achievements.No walkthrough required; story and puzzles make sense.10/10"
,Recommended,236930,19505195,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BinarySplit,A satisfying conclusion to a very well written series
,Recommended,236930,23832229,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jojo,"The grande finale to a series I've been following for a while, and it's everything I ever hoped it to be. Obviously if you enjoyed the other games in the series, you should enjoy the conclusion. It wraps things up, explains all the mythos up to this point and... well. Saying anything else would be spoilers."
,Recommended,236930,23974207,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,wateryroom,"11/10! I played all the blackwells(5 games) in 2 nights. I LOVE ALL OF THEM and Epiphany is definitely the best one! The story was just too awesome and the way how this game works was just too fun and attractive. I could really say blackwell has the best story and one of my favourite adventure game ive ever played(from someone played 400+ avg games in the past).it definitely worth the money. recommand, and recommand all blackwells.(some are relatively shorter tho, but you definitely dont want to miss!) Im just checking out the producer&company willing to play more games from them."
,Recommended,236930,14922265,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Andrew 林,"If you liked the first 4 games, you'll probably enjoy this finale. Play the first 4 though!  The final installment has the best graphics and the most gameplay time. I enjoyed the story and I think most of the loose ends were tied up satisfactorily."
,Recommended,236930,13427078,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cyril,"Uhh, what even to say. If you're here it's probably because you played the other games in series, or at least one of them. It's not the best in the series plot-wise but it's still good in that regard, and it's great in terms of game design. People complaining about the ending are 100% in the right to do so, though I'm not especially bothered by it. But yeah. If you liked 1-4 then 5 will be enjoyable too."
76561197978317684,Recommended,236930,24442828,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,negatus,"A reasonable conclusion to an entertaining series of short and mostly easy point & click adventures. I felt the ending was slightly overwrought and unintentionally silly because it seemed to break the rules from the games' setting. Then again, what are the rules when it comes to ghosts? All I can state is that something happened at the end which felt too contrived and ""unrealistic"" for my sensibilities.My only technical issue was with audio ""static"" which would become distracting and require a quit-restart to temporarily resolve."
,Recommended,236930,22452693,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"OverviewThis is the epic conclusion of the Blackwell series. In terms of story, graphics and characters, it's pretty much similar to all the other episodes that came before, but this one felt more extensive, perhaps due to the breadth of content and the complexity of some of the ghost cases involved.If you've played the previous Blackwell games...I would recommend that you play this one too so you know how things end. You can pretty much expect more of the same as before - there are a bunch of cases to solve, and a bigger mystery to unravel.If you'venotplayed any of the previous Blackwell games...Then you should before playing this one, otherwise things will make no sense at all, because almost everything mentioned in this episode draws upon bits of the story mentioned in previous episodes.SummaryTo be honest I expected a better ending. There were lots of loose ends still remaining at the end of the game, and I didn't like what happened to the main characters. However the events, animation and build-up leading to the conclusion were done quite well. And I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy solving the individual cases involving the spooks - those were pretty interesting."
,Recommended,236930,9993312,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Pointnclickster,"A good ending to a great series. This is a game that does something very well.....and that is end well. You definitely can't say that of a lot of major AAA titles these days. This game has the charm of a 90's point-and-click without all the hiccups. By now, the ones who have played the entire series are ready for one more hurrah with Joey and Roseangela. What a team they are. Their banter is hilarious and really keeps the game going. The puzzles really aren't difficult, since it feels like you are solving cases rather than puzzles. The atmosphere of a moody New York City in winter is perfect, along with the soundtrack. For those who haven't played the Blackwell series, you should give it a try. Its fun to see how the story builds and how the game mechanics improve with each release."
,Recommended,236930,15937649,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Uncle Grumpskin,"My favorite of all the Wadjet Eye games. A fitting ending to a great series, with everything that makes story endings great. Tying up the loose ends, bittersweet, a suspenseful climax, and leaves you thinking about it after it's over. It's also the longest and arguably the best looking of the Blackwell games."
,Recommended,236930,16632640,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Minniewhop,Fantastic story and storytelling. I'm a big adventure games fan and I've got to say that this is one of the best adventure games I've played! By far the best one in the Blackwell series too.
,Recommended,236930,17361392,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fred Casden,It all comes to a head.... the Blackwell Saga hits its epic conclusion with an unbelivable ending...Be wary of the 'FEELS'
76561198141342558,Recommended,236930,33662743,Posted: 19 July,all,diegosaavedraa24,"The final game of the Blackwell saga. Wadjet Eye really saved the best for last! The graphics are the best version of all the previous games, the voice acting and music really shines a lot too. The story is again a very strong point and it's a very good ending for the whole bundle of games. Rosa finally uses a smartphone which I found really cool haha I recommend this game because for me was the best one of all the 5 games (the third being very close behind)."
76561197983662248,Recommended,236930,11053008,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"Note: This review will be written with respect to the four prior Blackwell games. I've also decided to leave my Obligatory Header in those reviews as well. If you've been reading these in order, you already know my scoring philosophy and standards.Story: I don't normally do this first. The normal structure of these reviews is Gameplay, Story, Graphics, Audio. For this game, though... I've gotta bring the story top and center. Deception left me with a feeling of disappointment on the story front, especially after Convergence and its utter excellency. This game does have a few not so compelling spots, but I like to think that's for pacing's sake. The high points are well worth any wait, and they most definitely make up for any minor blemishes this game has. It does jump the shark a little bit at the end, but for drama's sake, it's top notch. I'd be lying if I said I didn't get a little choked up at the end. What that one reviewer said was right, though. This really is an incredibly satisfying ending to a series which has always been about pretty great writing. 10/10.Gameplay: We've also gone back to the quality of puzzles in Convergence. They all make sense, don't require any incredible leaps of logic (despite a few instances where my solution would've worked just as well as the game's), and are often quite clever. 8/10.Graphics: The art in this game is quite frankly amazing. All the characters and backgrounds have a great amount of detail to them, the art is very clean yet stylized, and it all just looks great. 5/5.Sound: Voice acting: perfect. Music: Perfect. Fits the mood impeccably. 5/5.Overall scores are: 10/8/5/5; cumulative score of 9.3/10. I will definitely be looking forward to more of Dave Gilbert's works."
76561198071963438,Recommended,236930,24069214,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,A Sad Fat Dragon With No Friends,:C
76561197970980626,Recommended,236930,10503076,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Shadow,
,Recommended,236930,31334381,Posted: 23 April,all,UncleYar,"Great ending to an amazing five-long game series. Don't even think of not playing these games in order, the story is really worth it and it will definitely pull your heart strings and bring you into an fascinating supernatural world. Puzzles and investigation gameplay become better as you progress through the series."
,Recommended,236930,10958577,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zenek,Point and click of the year 10/10
,Recommended,236930,15707890,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,genoforprez,"An excellent ending to an excellent series. Holy crap. Things you will learn in this final episode:--The full story about what happened to Lauren Blackwell--The rest of Joey's story--What happened to Madeline--An explanation of happened to Gavin's spirit--AND OTHER COOL THINGSGreat story games don't come along often. Now that Blackwell is over, I must pull up my hood and wander back out into the good story desert.......on the other hand... Dave Gilbert has written a lot of other games... goodbye, money?"
76561197970086998,Recommended,236930,12672755,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,gus,"Final episode of the serie, best one ! Fantastic storyline"
76561198044215990,Recommended,236930,17341483,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,hal_emeric,A beautiful ending to a very well done series - worth every bit of the asking price.
,Recommended,236930,13444443,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DeadMeat [ACE],Wraps up the series nicely.
76561197999957581,Recommended,236930,24000912,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hcorg,Good old fashioned adventure game. Already missing it's over.
,Recommended,236930,16710746,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Plastron,Best of the series
76561198025531773,Recommended,236930,17362133,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DreamWarriors,"Great last game. When playing the first game, I didn't expected that eventually the series would become such a rich, polished, and fully-realized universe. And also hit so many emotional notes. If you are a fan of the series, this purchase is a no-brainer.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,236930,10044703,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Rico,Ah good conclusion. Fans of the old titles will enjoy this one. But it's strongly recommendet that you know the old titles.
76561198080027046,Recommended,236930,16778589,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Regu,Final part left me with this sweet'n'sour taste of ending a good story... (After)Life goes on.
,Recommended,236930,13781650,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,UnrealDelusion,The fifth and last game in the Blackwell series. Dave Gilbert delivered an excellent adventure game with The Blackwell Epiphany it's the longest and by far the best of them all.Pros:- old school graphics- great voice acting- excellent story telling and conclusion to the series- music which sets the mood of each scene perfectly- worth a second playthrough with commentaryCons:- puzzles not really challenging- the end of the Blackwell series
76561198012861441,Recommended,236930,20297687,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,soozi,"great fun, particularly if you have played the previous blackwell games - ran like a dream on my PC - any fan of point & click games will love this series :)"
,Recommended,236930,11097903,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,anarka,"Stunning. I'm putting this one down as second only to The Walking Dead in terms of gripping tension and the depth of caring it created in my for the characters. I was glued to the screen for the entire third act. An epic and heartbreaking conclusion to the Blackwell series, which will surely take its place among the adventure genre pantheon."
,Recommended,236930,13965499,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,elfpvke,"Not sure what the point of a review is - you'd only be interested in the game if you have been playing the series from the beginning, and if you enjoyed the first 4 then your mind is probably made up already.  Fortunately, it's an excellent ending to the series -- good thing if you have been following the series since Legacy was released in 2006 (or maybe since Bestowers was released in 2003?).  The only down side is that now I'm wishing there were more than 5 games.Recommended for fans of point and click adventures, Wadjet Eye fans, anyone who played the first four games.  Not recommended if you haven't played through the series yet (duh)."
76561198043268532,Recommended,236930,16503846,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,thorn969,"A fun game and a satisfying addition to the Blackwell series. I thought this game got a little weird, especially the final twist and overall preferred slightly the 4th installment as my favorite, but if you've played through to the fourth, you should definitely play this as well and if you haven't it is still a worthwhile game in its own right for adventure fans of all stripes. The retro graphics are quickly forgotten."
76561198024706112,Recommended,236930,20147033,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Positive Vibration,Great game and ending to an overall wonderful 5 set series
,Recommended,236930,29428607,Posted: 22 January,all,Asiris,Epic game! One of the best stories and characters in quests over the last few years. Soooo good!
76561198025052416,Recommended,236930,13652956,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,scifiroots,"I was actually a little leery going into this game because I had a memory of bad reviews from others. However, this game was wonderful and I think it's a good ending to an amazing series. I got hooked in on the series and it kept me intrigued through the end. Having just finished my first playthrough, I will say that I need to go back and dig deeper because there's a pretty important question about Joey that I didn't have answered in here.I found this to be a particularly emotional chapter of the Blackwell series, both in terms of the individual ghosts Rosa helps and in terms of Rosa and Joey's stories. There's a lot more delving into the wider mystical world (continuing from Deception) and some questions are finally answered. The UI is most similar to Deception, which is helpful in being able to look things up on the go. (I would have liked to get search results for things I input, though.) I'm trying to figure out if the puzzle level was easier in this game or if I've finally wised up... either way, I only had to look up help twice when I'm usually incredibly dense in these games.Overall I definitely recommend this game and the entire series. It does a nice job of wrapping things up."
,Recommended,236930,11009768,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Yashabo,"This is the Finale of a 5 game set. You do need to play the other 4 games to understand this one. This was by far the best game in the set . The Story was great and the length of the game was pretty good. I highly recomend getting all five of these and playing them in order. I was leery buying this game by itself for 11 bucks because of the estimated length but it was very much worth it if you enjoy P&C games. Im not sure what the cost of the whole set is currently , I know the first 4 were bundled for like $2 during the summer sale 2014. But I would value all 5 games at around 30-35 dollars  (FYI I beat all 5 games in about 22 hours). If you can get all 5 for that I think you'll be happy."
76561198070379615,Recommended,236930,34334738,Posted: 18 August,all,Grant,"9/10 i really enjoyed this!, all five  games in the series were great.  highly recommend!"
76561198012504625,Recommended,236930,10009552,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Britaius,"This is, no doubt, the best adventure game of the year and a great conclusion of awesome game series. For adventure, nothing can be compared to a thrilling storyline, and Blackwell Epiphany surely has one of the best stories. If you love adventures, detectives and ghost stories, you probably wouldn't find anything better for a long time before and after."
76561197982417872,Recommended,236930,21281104,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hash,"Just amazing. It's so rare that you play a game series that doesn't take a dip in terms of story. This last instalment is so powerful, and the ending had me in tears. The ghosts that needed saving were all easy to empathise with and Rosangela and Joey were hilarious and touching by turns, as usual.There were a couple of plotlines I thought were left dangling a bit, but for the most part it was an incredibly satisfying game to play. If you like point and click games, dont pass up the Blackwell series. Another great game by Wadjet Eye Games."
,Recommended,236930,23852938,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doc.Blythe,"Whew, the game is pretty damn long. Unexpectedly long. Tricky. Have to *cheat*But it is worth it. Long gone the blackwell series. Fitting ending. Thanks  for everything."
76561198103866293,Recommended,236930,25714300,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ElDuderino,Really nice ending to 5 games story.
76561197999602910,Recommended,236930,18135473,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Rostburken,Nice conclusion to an awesome series.
,Recommended,236930,10210608,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,If U Seek Amy,Fantastic games. I highly recommend all of them.
76561197970680531,Not Recommended,236930,24194018,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Krassimir,"Just my views, don't hate me.The puzzles don't flow well in this game, it's a lot of backwards and forwards to find the answer. I found myself having to use a guide here and there, it broke from the immersion of the actual game. The graphics in this title are nice, I liked that “old school” feel, great soundtracks, but the two main characters didn't capture my interest at all. I love Point-Click adventures, but this didn't really do all that much for me."
,Not Recommended,236930,12597057,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Jellyfish Robot,"I'm a fan of the previous blackwell games, though they have some weird quirks that bug me. I really can't get behind Epiphany though. Part of my problem is I just find Joey as completely unlikeable as before and I don't care for the story behind his character. He's just a smarmy jerk. Rosa seems to less fleshed out in this version too. I can't quite put my finger on how but it just doesn't really feel very much like the character I was really liking in the other games.Without getting into spoilers, the plot is a mess. The creator claims he had the ending planned all along but it certainly doesn't feel that way. Plot holes pop up all over the place and certain characters just all but vanish in the second part of the game. Everything feels very contrived and coincidental. There's also a point where all of the work you've been doing in the beginning of the game is completely wiped out.As for gameplay. It drops a lot of the note taking and deduction stuff from the previous games for more nonsensical puzzles. Joey's blowing power either doesn't work on things you'd expect it to work on or does work on things that it shouldn't (Like blowing a surgical scalpel down a long hallway.)The voice acting and art direction are still top notch as would be expected from a Wadjet Eye game, but in the end it just didn't really interest me the way the previous games did."
,Not Recommended,236930,10221628,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,daniel.jozsef,"The Blackwell series has finally had its Mass Effect 3 moment. Or I could also evoke Goodbye Deponia.The conclusion of Blackwell Epiphany is anticlimatic, lacks catharsis, and is somewhat depressing and discouraging. I'm not petitioning for a happier ending, but even for a deliberate ""bad end"", it's badly executed, and falls short of whatever you might be expecting or hoping after Blackwell Deception.Blackwell Deception spoilers ahead, and some hints at the ending of Epiphany...As you remember from Deception, Gavin was totally freaked out when we took him to the spirit world, saying that he's not supposed to be there, hinting at some kind of contract that forbids this... And true enough, he was torn apart there and then.Now, given the slight hints at things going on behind the scenes, I was expecting a spiritual conspiracy drama, some kind of detective mystery, with superhuman, and potentially divine powers moving the pieces from behind the scenes. I mean come on, if you like conspiracy stories, what better than a conspiracy God himself may be in on. I was really curious about the ""They"" mentioned by both Gavin, and the first victim we meet in Epiphany...Well, drop any expectation, because they are going to be betrayed. There IS no ""they"". The solution of the mystery is so incredibly inane and bad, that I could only liken it to a ""the butler did it"" moment. And in this mystery, it is not through investigation and clever handling of clues that the butler is uncovered by Sherlock Holmes or Poirot. Naaah. The butler just confesses without warning.And yeah, the conclusion that follows is pretty cliched and not thought through AT ALL. Not to mention being quite similar to bloody Mass Effect 3. Aaargh.The execution is awesome though. It's a huge shame. It could have been so cool"
76561198331669248,Not Recommended,236930,25454685,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Max Rebo,"it is okay to say no.there are lots of very good adventure quests out there, old and new (like cat lady and kathy rain). not this one. not much fun, all sauce and no steak."
,Recommended,236930,10987261,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,1stReaper,"Sad to see the end of an epic storyline,but the game goes out with a bang.Hope to see more games from Wadjet Eye Games."
76561197968395460,Not Recommended,236930,13276373,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,JohnnyTheWolf,PROS:- The best the series has to offer in terms of gameplayCONS:- The Mass Effect 3 bad final act and ending
,Not Recommended,236930,26408858,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Loot Hunter,"How many Blackwells do you need to screw in the light bulb? One. She can just hold the bulb while The Whole Universe spin around her.No, seriously. Do you know the difference between fantasy and fairy tale? All previous Blackwell games were urban fantasy, based on mythos about ghosts. Epiphany is fairy tale. The Epighany's ending is an ending of a fairy tale (not happily ever after though). Like wham... and Rosa is in the center of all things, making the whole world spiritsfree. And whole Deception ending and expectatilons just go into trash can. Or rather loonybin. Just one guy, like nothing special.And mind you, noone will return me my money for the game. Totally disappointed."
,Not Recommended,236930,13737747,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,C A L L △ N O W,"its likeit starts goodand the previous game were goodso obviously it should be good too? WRONG IDIOTits actually bad! it looks and sounds neato but the story, much like the ending, is immeasurably bad, and the latter half of the game is undone in five seconds after finishing it. also you backtrack to the police station every five seconds"
76561198076334179,Recommended,236930,12731376,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mosh_Ha_Shor,"just buy the whole serie, you will enjoy it!classic P&C advanture game, well done story telling, nicely done drawn locations, interesting characters and more...enjoy...quests forever! ;)"
,Recommended,236930,10250492,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,humein,"A beautifully written end to a beautifully written story; the puzzles were good, and the voice acting immersive, but everything (perhaps unfairly) was swept away by the writing."
,Recommended,236930,9993776,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,GlennRH,A satisfying conclusion to an ever-improving series. Epiphany answers many important questions and gives the closure fans of the series needed. I can't wait to see what Wadjet Eye does next.
76561197991567326,Recommended,236930,17514204,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Moonfairy,"From looking at the previews, I figured this series looked interesting. Loved the old point and click games. So I went and bought the bundle when it was one sale. I gotta admit, I got hooked on the series, so I went and bought this last one. Each series wasn't too long to finish, but wasn't too short either. Just enough to keep me wondering what happens next. It was also interesting to see how the graphics have progress too. The storyline was really good and the characters were really enjoyable :) The only complaint I have, believe it or not, was the last two games not having facial animations when talking. They shift expressions as they talked but I kind of liked the animated talking ^^;; But I can see that can actually be a bit more tedious to do over time. It was also kind of neat how they kept certain stuff from the previous game and brought it over to the next (ex.- old photos, articles, etc.). I'm almost sad that the series ended, but glad I was able to play through it in full all at once."
76561197992856964,Recommended,236930,18159684,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[FOR]mica,"The fifth and final Blackwell game.More is learned about Madeline, and the countess, and Gavin's people appear again; more is learned about what mediums can do and Rosa gets better and better at what she does.  The police are a significant presence throughout the game, and there's one last visit to Bellevue.  The ending was neither amazing nor bad, but I really enjoyed getting there, and the art and music are just beautiful.The only thing I wish is that there had been more about how Joey became a spirit guide, and the way he died.  Still, plenty of good moments in this one (some quite dramatic), and wrapping up a game series is hard to do well.  A-!"
,Recommended,236930,16633607,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Seranth,"It's been a couple months since I played through episodes 1-4, but it started to come back to me as I played through the finale. What really helped was that Rosa's apartment and e-mails have some little throwbacks to previous episodes. However, I'd still recommend playing through them all within fresh memory (they're all a few hours apiece).This game tries to answer questions left from the rest of the series and wrap things up. If I had just recently played the previous episodes I'm sure there would be minor things I'd question, but I think it's a good enough ending to wrap up the series."
,Recommended,236930,16384532,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,"One of the best written (adventure) games out there and a wonderful ending of a series, that made me appreciate point&click-games again."
,Recommended,236930,16429115,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Guada,"I played all the previous ones and the ending for the series it's just perfect, nothing more, nothing less. I loved so much and I'm going to miss Rose and Joey."
,Recommended,236930,16209000,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"The story comes to end in ""Epiphany"" and is quite sad. I didn't expect it to end this way to be honest.Very good game and a bit longer than the previous four. I recommend it."
76561198041922797,Recommended,236930,16086010,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,macioman_00,Buy it if you likePOINT AND CLICK ADVENTURESand*:- an interesting story- 8-bit adventure games- mostly casual puzzles- spiritualistic themes- likeable characters that you can follow in a series of games*recommended to answer YES to at least three of the above
,Recommended,236930,13849453,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,_piggu_,"Nice, can be a bit spooky at times but it is a satisfying play.  Story unfolds nicely as you uncover each puzzle, Voice actors are convincing as well. Worth your while, like going through sci-fi novel. :)"
,Recommended,236930,13761094,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NK,"Here it is the final part, the answer for all the questions.Never thought it would end. Maybe another blackwell game will appear in the future. Don't know. Just loved all the games of blackwell.It all started on Legacy. And i just couldn't stop. Not until I knew the whole story. And its amazing. This one just bring the weird spirit guide stuff into another level.The story was amazing as the others, but this game just gave me all the answers i wanted.Just wished this game had linux support, i had to play windowed in wine. But it was worth it."
,Recommended,236930,13790420,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Grand Admiral Kacims,"Great writing, great dialogue, and an absolutely perfect ending.The Blackwell Series was fantastic, and Epiphany was far and away the best entry in the series, as well as my personal GOTY for 2014. If you like point and click adventure games you owe it to yourself to play through this series."
76561198002551143,Recommended,236930,13868020,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Silk Klyss,"Un autre volet des blackwell se passant durant l'épiphanie, mais je ne sais pas ce que c'est. Je crois que les fantomes essayent de voler Noël, ou un truc de ce genre."
,Recommended,236930,15640590,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"In Blackwell Epiphany everything comes together and gets wrapped up with a bow. The story is the real standout here. There's more urgency, higher stakes and a solid ending. Taken as a whole, I wish the entire series was a continuous story. As it is, 1-3 are loosely connected and 4-5 share a plot.+ The story comes to a satisfying ending+ The art is looking better than ever- Steam integration is still a mess. Cloud saves don't work. Game still freezes and crashes when opening overlay.Playtime: ~ 5h8/10"
76561197970534041,Recommended,236930,14551629,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Aether,"Deep and compelling, interesting and challenging, With a retro asthetic, classic SVGA graphics, and a deep love for the whole genre. Shades of mokey island, Grim Fandango, and lighthearted adventure combined with a truely mature story that provides a deep inspection of fate, destiny, death, legacy, and chronic stress fatuge.if you've EVERY enjoyed an adventure game for the story, then you should play the whole series, without reservation."
76561197983682353,Recommended,236930,14592228,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,einsquared,"Saw a lot of dead peoplePros+ Quality gets better each game in the trilogy+ Goes from 80s to 90s feels+ Point and click Sherlock Holmes+ Requires some thought to solving puzzles+ Straight up nostlagic if you like the pixels, the jazz, and 90s feels (games released in 2006 to 2013) as if you were running a 44mhz computer but with good quality music+ Better plots and character development than the Supernatural series?Cons- Lack of options- Only one way to solve a mystery or certain puzzles- Crap ton of Backtracking or going back and forth to get certain answers- Short if you're clever, long if you mash buttons trying to find the answer- If you don't like story driven games, steer clear- You have to follow the Blackwell series from the beginning if you want the full story/experience"
,Recommended,236930,14573511,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"I really like these Blackwell games, however I was not as amazed by the ending of this game as I had hoped to be. The intrigue seemed to peter out pretty quickly in the final section. That said, the return of the clue-combining system and some of the OST from previous Blackwell games were a nice treat. You don't have to spend as much time figuring out what to search for in the browser on Rosa's phone, which is a relief. There is an abundance of locations in this installment, which does add a lot more scope to the setting and the story, and there were a couple of plot twists that were both unexpected and entertaining. Overall, I loved it; I just wished for a more poignant conclusion to the series. ****"
76561198066364172,Recommended,236930,15369985,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,rlmallett,I don't normally write reviews however I'm making an exception for this game.I would highly recommend this game as well the entire Blackwell Legacy series. I would strongly suggest that one do the series in the original order. Blackwell Epiphany appropriately concludes series. I was surprised and moved by the spiritual depth of the game and I have to admit that it has some very heartbreaking moments.
,Recommended,236930,15416913,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Blackwell Epiphany is a point-n-click adventure and a grand finale of Blackwell series. Those who expect a story arc which Deception somewhat started at the end will not find it there, instead it bring another, more Blackwell-ish, main story. It's one of the best adventure games recently too.This game still uses same engine as other ones used, though support widescreen too, it was released only one year ago after all. Shift+Tab will still do a weird thing to the game, while pressing Tab key again would fix it. It also had more glitched and small bug than usual, like Durkin the detective still talking in location which he leaved if you phone or even game crashing when calling partner in some case, happened one time. Do save.Blackwell Epiphany is a big finale of a series and ends it on a high note. It's the most polished and ambitious game in the series, in pretty much every aspect. It didn't introduce any big new features in the gameplay, but continues what Deception figured for the best. Well, aside from having ability for Rose and Joey, the spirit guide, to explore multi-screen areas serapately, with new button to call your partner to the scene. Helps.As modern adventure game, you can't die or get into dead end. Blackwell is fairly standart adventure game, somewhat. It uses inventory system much less, instead focusing on talking, getting notes, combining clues and searching Internet in your smartphone, with typing. As well as ability to switch character to Joey, though he still doesn't play as much part as Rose. Still does. Still teamwork.The setting, whole setting of a game is telling you that the game it's the finale. Where the tale ends. Having a never ending night with snow falling, urban background with green pallette to it, it creates unique and dark, deep atmosphere. Not to mentioning that the pixel-art is the best here, very professional and has a great work put into lighting. No complaints about sprites, animation or background aside from nitpicking, it's just plain amazing!Music delivers professional quality as well. It's dark and ambient, yet has moments of sadness and jazzyness, with electronica at intense moments. Even has some memoriable pieces.And plot is probably the biggest, best thing about this part. But immeditly I should warn you that it doesn't really follow what Deception set up to. Instead, Rose and Joey the spirit guide got even bigger problems to handle, as after solving the nice dark intro case they just had the most unlikely and logic shattering thing to happen right in front of their eyes, setting out to solve their final mystery. And well, plot is very emotional, especially to those who already got attached to pair of out heroes, it's just plain awesome and exciting. I wanted to clap at the final parts, especially at part where Joey and Rose had to act serapately, psychological thing. And an ending will not be just ""it's OK"" either, it will punch you into stomach. Whetever you like it or not, you still will not ignore it.And yes, the game mostly has a feel of mystery and ugency to it, slowing down in the middle only to deliver the traditional ""solve two ghost cases in same time"" thing, which is still welcome.And yes, the game still inclused commentary mode extra. In each area, you get to choose by yourself if you want to hear Voice Bloober, Artist Commentary or Game Designer Commentary. And yes, I feel it's more worth it this time, I got to enjoy hearing more about game design than just voice acting. It's great.Really, looking back, Blackwell is a great series and I got attached to it already. And it's one awesome finale. Will miss it. And maybe those loose plots will be delivered in another game, not related to Blackwell family itself...So yes, highly recommended adventure game, but promise to beat the previous parts first. Worth it."
,Recommended,236930,16238594,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,RagnaR,"Finally finished the final installment of this 5 part game. It was a good send off to to the Rosa x Joey duo. I got a little emotional since I got to see their growth throughout the series. It was rough and uneven at times, but you can't help but like them. This entry is the epitome of the series' writing, music, and art. There is that plot thread left loose and I suspect it would be another series. But, as for Rosangela Blackwell and Joey's story. Its over. Que sera sera."
,Recommended,236930,16490186,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Galaxy Eyes,"The wonderful finale to one of my favorite series of games ever.The graphics are gorgeous, and the voice-acting and atmosphere are spot-on. You can really tell how far the series has grown and developed since the Blackwell Legacy, as Epiphany presents darker themes, more complex (yet still logical) puzzles, and more advanced graphics. All elements have become perfected in this installment. Of course, since Epiphany is the final installment in a 5-game series, it is best enjoyed only after playing the previous games since by then you'll have a greater understanding of the characters and backstory - and those games are definitely worth playing and come at good prices. All of the previous plot threads are tied together, and a lot of information is revealed in this game that wouldn't make sense without playing the previous games first.The story comes to a peak in this game in terms of emotion, and manages to tackle more serious themes skillfully. The characters are well-rounded and interesting as always, and the banter between Rosa and Joey is still present and brings great humor to lighten the mood. The final scenes of this game were very-well done and gave the series a proper grand finale that it deserved, but it can be a lot to handle at first after playing the previous games and becoming so attached to the characters. This is truly one of the few games that broke my heart. The entire series has made me greatly admire the skill and effort of Dave Gilbert and his team.I give this game a 10/10, and I strongly recommend the entire series to anyone who enjoys adventure games."
,Recommended,236930,10079411,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,naughtyzeut,"I was looking for a P&C adventure game to get wisked away in today, and I saw that this had come out a few weeks ago. It's one of the best in the Blackwell series to date. All adventure game enthusiasts should play through this entire series at least once."
76561198015037096,Recommended,236930,11671609,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Freak with a pen,anyone annoyed by the fact that this game didn't have anything to do with finding out what that group from the last game? this is still a phenominal game and if you are a fan of the series so far you will love this.
76561198009337522,Recommended,236930,11592884,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Delta,"Excellent game, best of the series. An excellent send-off that provides some excellent dramatic moments and laying to rest plotlines that have been going for the whole series.You do need to play the earlier games to get the most of the experience but if you enjoy adventure games the Blackwell series is well worth your time."
,Recommended,236930,11467427,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Chirugal,"Just amazing. It's so rare that you play a game series that doesn't take a dip in terms of story. This last instalment is so powerful, and (no spoilers) the ending had me in tears. The ghosts that needed saving were all easy to empathise with and Rosangela and Joey were hilarious and touching by turns, as usual.There were a couple of plotlines I thought were left dangling a bit, but for the most part it was an incredibly satisfying game to play."
,Recommended,236930,11972945,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"It's a shame Epiphany demands you know about the rest of the Blackwell series. Not because those games are bad, by any stretch. The whole series is an enjoyable plate of oldschool adventure gaming goodness and paranormal detective work. But Epiphany is the most mechanically cohesive and intuitive of the series. It's the one you'd want to shove into the hands of someone hesitant to play point-and-click adventures, and then they'd just be lost for want of several episodes of back story.It's not perfect. Recording quality is always iffy on Wadjet Eye games and it's disappointing that the logic mechanic that lets you combine note entries is pretty much an abandoned afterthought. But Epiphany finishes up a good yarn with some satisfying conclusions. It's a fitting end to a great series."
,Recommended,236930,11776066,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,RogerzTUL,"If you grew up in the 80's or early 90's playing videogames, then you will appreciate the overwhelming nostalgia this game tosses at you right from the start.  I may be writing a review for this game, however, it revolves around the entire series as a whole and should be played as such.  From the start, you realize this is just like any point and click adventure from old.  The minimalist approach to the interface is overshadowed by the thought and heart poured into a truely enticing story and wonderful characters.  I do recommend you start with the first entry, and enjoy the ride for the entirety.Does that sound too good?  Well, realize, this is actually a review, not just gushing compliments of a few aspects of the game.Once you take the plunge in the first game (the first in the series, not the precursor game which I did not know about till I completed the 5 Blackwell games), you will get a sense that the creators want you to learn, and the tutorial aspect is not necessary.  It takes a bit, but once you get into the swing of things, you will start combining notes, using the few items you collect in the game properly, and later in the series, you will get the hang of swapping between your main character and their  ghostly companion.The weaknesses of each series seems to be repeated.  I personally felt that some of the 'puzzles' were simply 'do in the right order no matter what information the player has seen', 'luckily you clicked the right notes in the right order' or even 'glad you visited this person now after you did one thing' to progress.  Later entries in the series seemed to try for less linearity, however, it really boils down to perfect order.  Maniac Mansion, this is not.The story, characters and a large portion of the quests, however, make up for the handful of blunders.  I won't spoil the series ending, but be prepared, it is a doozy.`Rogerztheurbanlegend"
76561198052454695,Recommended,236930,12071354,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,munchkin0,"This entire series was wonderful; I enjoyed it from start to finish. The story was beautifully told, the characters endearing and memorable. I'm just sad there are will be no more!"
,Recommended,236930,11335212,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ShadowOfTheTree,"This is by far the best episod of the Blackwell serie. And also a great ending.If you liked (or loved) the previous ones, jump on this one!If you haven't played the previous ones, buy them and play them before this one ;)"
,Recommended,236930,11096320,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Minzoku Bokumetsu,"Ah. Blackwell.On one hand, this is a fantastic series and ends without wearing out its welcome, but at the same time, this is like two games crammed into one [which is sort of awesome but tedious if going for the ""leave under 300 footsteps"" achievement]. It has a very Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows feel in that it's really designed for the fans who've played through the first four--while I wouldn't recommend it, it IS possible to play Unbound, Convergence, and Deception without first playing Legacy. Epiphany really needs to be played last to be satisfying.Spelling this out: DO NOT PLAY THIS IF YOU HAVE NOT PLAYED THE OTHER BLACKWELL GAMES FIRST.Overall, I basically love everything about Epiphany... except... I've listened to the commentary, and I understand the reason for the ending, but... I really wanted it to end differently. It's such a Deus Ex Machina, besides being the least probable outcome [even being a series about ghosts and mediums], and... I dunno. I do get and like the imagery and respect how that's the only way it could happen--it's just kind of... aww.The commentary is particularly insightful at the third act twist [where the Epiphany is explained], and I highly recommend listening to it if you have the chance. Wonderful writing, though maybe I would've changed the one thing, definitely a good sign-off to the series."
,Recommended,236930,11189676,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Authorman,perfect sendoff to one of the best adventure game series ever. don't start from this one you dummy go play legacy first!
76561198014521874,Recommended,236930,11003528,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bläckfisk,"I'm only two hours in at this point, but wow. Let me say, if you've enjoyed the previous Blackwell games, PLEASE buy this game! The art in this game still has that desirable 90's feel, but is even more beautiful than the previous games. The portraits of the characters are GORGEOUS now - leaps and bounds better than Deception. The music is great as always, and the story is as good as you'd expect. And again, I'm only two hours in! Looking forward to finishing this game, as well as more excellent adventure games from Dave!"
,Recommended,236930,12782194,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rattrap,"An fantastic ending to the series.  If you played through the first 4 games, you should see how it all ends."
,Recommended,236930,12730551,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DrunkenBeard,"Fantastic conclusion to a fantastic series. I rarely clap at the end of a game, but I just did an hour ago. If you like P&C and you're into amazing storytelling, do yourself a favour and start with The Blackwell Legacy. If you've already played the last 4 installments, then what are you waiting for? Get it!"
,Recommended,236930,12802639,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Nemi,A really nice cap stone to a very enjoyable series. I could easily see this sort of story line in a Tv series!
76561198047046700,Recommended,236930,11609821,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,sluglady28,"If Deception was serious and dark, Epiphany is heartwrenching and tearjerking. Not to mention darkER. As the last in the Blackwell series, the game pulls no punches. Right after the intro adventure, we begin getting shock after shock after shock as I was hit with one revelation after another. And there was multiple times during the game that I was holding back tears. I can't even think the name ""Cutethulu"" now without getting emotional. The game is also stuffed to the brim with references from the past games. In-jokes, characters, and one very cool reference if you can find the ""secret room""Gameplay wise, it's pretty similar to Deception, with a few updates. Rosa is much more ""active"" with her phone, using it to also recieve photos and files relating the cases she's working on. The puzzles are still clever enough to keep me engaged, while not frustrating me. And the side characters are awesome. Everyone has a well written and intriguing story.There was one problem I had in the story. I won't reveal it due to spoilers, but I will say that It didn't hurt my experience with the game.Honestly, if you haven't played any of the Blackwell Games, play them all. They are all great games and Epiphany is the final and the conclusion to the whole series. A series I can't wait to replay  and will wholeheartingly miss.Thanks for the trip Wadjet Eye Games. It's been a wild ride.Edit: just did a small edit to one of the sentences. Messed up an old saying, heh."
76561197993620675,Recommended,236930,12752986,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Smile Elemental,"A very fitting end to an incredibly strong modern Adventure series. I honestly think that the thing I liked most about the series was that some of the voice acting felt a bit stiff and 'un-professional'. I say that not as an insult, but as a compliment. Especially considering that Rosa went against the mold for a large number of reasons, I feel like it gave her a more natural feel. It carried a lot of the social-awkwardness, and really drove home that these were not heroes in a story; these were just people (and.... well, a few un-people) doing the best that they can in a world that despite their efforts continued to grow increasingly stranger and more dangerous. Most of the puzzles are simple, though considering the series is primarily story driven, that isn't a bad thing as it helps to keep the plot advancing. Admittedly, as all adventure games go there will be one or two puzzles in any of the games that can leave you scratching your head for a while. Definitely going on my list of Adventure classics, and definitely a series worth picking up."
,Recommended,236930,12945690,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TheDraconicBard,"Let me start this off by saying videogames don't make me cry. Ever. I'm not generally an emotional personI don't often review games, but this series seems like it flies under the radar of many people, as it did mine. I found the bundle during one of the Steam sales being a lover of the old point and click videogames (Kyrandia, King's Quest, Monkey Island) and this game certainly doesn't dissappoint. The graphics are pixellated, in a style which is very reminiscent of the first and second Kyrandia games. I quite like it, and if you're a fan of that sort of thing, I'm sure you will too. If you DISlike pixellated graphics, don't let that dissuade you from buying this game.However, don't you DARE buy this game standalone. The bundle is not that expensive, so buy every game. It deserves that. After playing all the games coming before Epiphany, I grew to love the main two characters, and actually cared about them. That's rare for me because I generally dislike female leads. I can't talk much about the story because I don't want to spoil any of this amazing game or series, but once you get attached to the characters as I do, this game will break you. I feel as though my soul has been ripped out and dragged through the snowy streets of New York.First game to bring tears to my eyes, and I'm genuinely impressed by that. I reccommend it to anyone who likes retro point-and-clicks, mystery/detective games, or who has some money to spend and some time on their hands.Buy this game, buy the others in the series. It is THAT good. You will not regret it"
76561197993394564,Recommended,236930,12965416,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Adelpha,"A very nice ending to a very enjoyable series of adventure games.  There's no playing hunt-the-pixel in this one, and it's usually fairly self-explanatory what it is you're trying to accomplish - no combine-everything-with-everything-else.  It's the actual story, though, which is the best part.  A lot of time has been spent in putting it together, and the ending is...  well, very touching."
76561197971971474,Recommended,236930,13212121,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SeriousSquid,"This one is definitely my favourite in the series. They finally nailed down what I imagine it would be like to be a ghost assisted detective. It's a little more mechanical when the same modus operandi of repeatedly having Joey go through closed doors and find you clues on how to eventually get through it with the help of your trusty mobile phone but its part of the charm. The design at this point is really slick and you're less likely to get stuck while still feeling creative about how you approach the problems layed out in front of you.Sure, the conclusion of the story becomes a little convoluted towards the end but I was kind of expercting it. It's what happens when you construct a universe from scratch and whatever is traded in logic is regained in excitement.Strongly recommend)"
,Recommended,236930,13180716,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SkaterPoem,"I played all the games of this series and I'm amazed with the story. If you're the kind of a gamer that care about a good story and characters, then this is your game."
76561198027502227,Recommended,236930,12854822,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Werewolfsbane,"I absolutely loved the first four games and if you're a fan of them, you definitely *need* to play Epiphany! It's the finale of Rosa and Joey's adventures and it won't disappoint you.Awesome voice-acting, clever puzzles, an intriguing story, pretty locations, cool extras like commentaries/bloopers, and an ending I would have never expected. Strong, impressive, and it treats the characters we've learned to love with respect.The Blackwell Series is one of my favorite game series of all time - if you've played the other games, do not miss out on this one but if you've never played any of them, you should. Buy the bundle and enjoy hours of marvelous old-school point'n'click adventures!"
,Recommended,236930,13285826,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Janos Biro,This is a grand finale to the Blackwell series. I liked how Rosa is mature. The villain is credible. Joey and Lauren are characters that I will remember for a long time. Great game.
76561198053319880,Recommended,236930,19680534,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,arabesqe,"Brilliant and enjoyable story. The only thing is that you should have the whole serie to appreciate it.This last episode is for sure the most mature in themes and storytelling. Also the graphic reaches its top, after a constant and progressive improvement trough the previous games.Hats off to Dave Gilbert!"
,Recommended,236930,19639821,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Starwink,"Great series!Am very glad I got to play this series back to back without waiting for it to come out. After playing the bundle I had to see how it ends and was not disappointed. This last game is the best of the series, in interaction, backgrounds, the characters, the dialogue, puzzles and length. Playing them all makes you realize how everything has improved over the years with experience, which in its own is a nice and educational touc.Even though  the previous ones are not as awesome, they are a must play. Even the first one that serves as an introduction is perfect when looking at them as a whole.I am happy that someone still makes good 2d classic adventures. I missed a really good pixelated one :)Good parts:Atmosphere, backgrounds are nice and colorful.Nice story, enjoyed it without being annoyed by any hickups.The puzzles were ok, I did get stuck a few times and the hints are not helping much (more on the not-so-good)The conversations between the characters are funnier and feel more comfortable. The evolution of the games feels similar with the relationship of the main characters. The more experienced the game, the more comfortable the relationship. That felt nice seen as a whole.Initially the subject seemed a bit boring I think, but the story is better built than it seems at first. There's even morals to it, and moments to get you thinking about our purpose in life. There's not a too in-depth explanation of how everything works, but it's very satisfactory overall.The commentary is a nice addition, especially if you want to know fun info about developing games. I found it entertaining.Not-so-good parts: (maybe spoilers)After finishing all the games, I would've liked to know why the protagonist got to be the protagonist, or the history before our times. Centuries ago. Why was this all here? I don't want to expand on this, but the backstory feels like it could've been a bit more rewarding. It's not bad, but when you binge, you want to binge all the way. This is what I could've used to be really happy happy.I may be too old for this, but I run out of patience easily and had to use a walkthrough here and there. Not too often though. It's easy enough to keep you entertained and it was overall a breeze."
76561198011263702,Recommended,236930,18561228,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,admiralackbar,"amazing game really, amazing series but this is prob the best. great story, funny,sad,witty all of that...well worth the cash. just sad there is not another"
,Recommended,236930,20273981,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sam Ecorners,Fantastic ending to the series that kept getting more and more professional with every installment.
,Recommended,236930,24405255,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,BlishBlash,"In my opinion, Blackwell Epiphany is unquestionably the high point of the entire Blackwell series. Great pacing, strong characters, and charm absolutely everywhere. Seeing the series' growth from game to game is quite an experience.I will say that some elements of the ending felt a bit rushed, and there was a plot thread from the previous game that never really got resolved. But considering that this is the conclusion of a five-part series, it's impressive that nearly everything went so right.If for whatever reason you haven't played this series yet, give it a go. Buy the whole thing, maybe in a Steam sale, then just play them. Go in as fresh as possible. You have nothing to lose and everything to gain."
76561198037520124,Recommended,236930,24052279,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BabyCheetah,"What can I say? This is defintely the best one of Blackwell series. It conclues all with a very touching and sad ending.Now I hate to finish it before my bed time because I will have a sleepless night. I feel so overwhelmed and sensational. This is something I never experienced with classic Sierra titles before.And I felt kind of ashamed of buying this when it was 70% off. It is worth the full price after I can truely feel and see how much effort Dave Gilbert has put into it.Joey and Rosa, a.k.a Abe and Rebecca, I sure will miss you."
,Recommended,236930,22789673,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lacie,"I love all their point and clicks, yet Blackwell is my favorite of them all. This is an amazing and sad ending to the series. I was kinda hoping Tomo would be explained in this one, but oh well.This one I felt was a bit longer than the last one, but I could have just been slower to the uptake in this one. If you haven't played any of the Blackwell games, I would skip this one until you do. If you're in the mood for a good point and click that's not short, I definitely recommend this one!"
76561197975890538,Recommended,236930,21022457,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,blastoff,"This is one of the best adventure games I ever played. Very good storyline and game mechanics. It kept me up late at night several times because I just wanted to know how the story ended. The only bad thing I can say about it, is that the story ended after part five. But that is probably a good thing because you do not want to ruin a good story by stretching it thin.You play this adventure with two main characters: Rosangela Blackwell and Joey Malone. Part two is kind of a prequel in which Rosangela is replaced by her Aunt Lauren Blackwell.Rosangela and Lauren are mediums and Joey Malone is their spirit guide. Together they help the souls of dead people (ghosts) that are stuck in this world to move on. Doing so they encounter a number of persons/ghosts who play an important role in the story later on.Joey is a ghost himself so he can reach places that Rosangela cannot, but he cannot wander off too far because he is bound to Rosangela. He also cannot touch anything so he needs Rosangela for this. This poses some interesting situations in which Joey needs to get Rosangela into locked rooms/buildings.A very interesting game mechanic is that you have to cross-reference pieces of information. By cross-referencing the right information you will learn new things which will help you to further progress into the game. Some information you have to lookup on the internet (in game) and emails play an important role too in this game.The Blackwell series consists of five separate parts:1. The Blackwell Legacy2. Blackwell Unbound3. Blackwell Convergence4. Blackwell Deception5. Blackwell EpiphanyBe sure to play them in that order because it is in fact one big story divided over five parts."
,Recommended,236930,21198227,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Proskills the Beast Hunter,"Excellent end to the the series. The art direction is the best in the series to date, and the writing is top-notch, leaving very few questions about the plot as a whole."
,Recommended,236930,22015641,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sir_Meowsalot,"An Ending of a Great Series.I thoroughly enjoyed all of the Blackwell games because of the neat stories and enjoyable characters. A lot of time was spent building and crafting a great world and characters that seem ""alive"" (PUN!). The voice acting for all the characters is great and fits each person very well. If you enjoy a little some light supernatural story in a modern setting then the Blackwell games are for you. Now for Blackwell Epiphany - a fitting way to end the series with a polished engine and a story that leaves you wanting more.I'm really happy I picked up the Blackwell games on a whim. I hope to see more games coming out from the creator in the future. :)"
,Recommended,236930,25496541,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RGNinja [GWJ],The only negative to the last game in the Blackwell series is that it's the last game in the Blackwell series. You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't try these games.
,Recommended,236930,22633902,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Dom,"Really superb adventure game. I played the other 4 games in the series in it's bundle last year and hadn't realised there was a 5th. This is the best of an already great series - solid characters, unique premise and engaging story with solid puzzles and detective work. It's also a satisfying length and is longer than the other games in the series.I'm really impressed at this Indie studio that makes games that are as good or better than some of the classics, and the retro pixel-art style is beautiful. If you like adventure games you will like this one."
76561198007072748,Recommended,236930,22476058,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Tosha,"Just buy this. But start at the first one, Blackwell Legacy, and work your way up the series. It will be so much better."
76561198032494865,Recommended,236930,23122955,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Babumkin,"A great ending to the Blackwell series; great story, dialog, voice acting, and puzzles that are challenging but never too hard.If you enjoy adventure point'n'click games, you'll love this one."
76561198119499305,Recommended,236930,20664593,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[gg] Drill Instructor,"A very good ending to the Blackwell series. Personally I liked that one best because the story is a bit more interesting to follow.Nice atmospheric game and definitely worth it's price, if you like point and click adventures.Makes me a bit sad that it's over now, like when you close a good book which somehow touched you and was a good companion for the time you spent with it. :)"
,Recommended,236930,20575926,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dragus Scorpius,"Never before has a game finale evoked so much emotion from me. Fear, hope, laughter, and sadness, the Blackwell games are unlike any I've ever played. I won't write any spoilers here, but if you have not played the Blackwell games...do so now."
,Recommended,236930,20579145,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,No Fun Allowed,"What an experience, what a joy it was to play the blackwell series, I started the 1st game in 2011 and finished Epiphany in the beginning of 2016. This game as far as point and click adventures go brings a nice mix of making you think, while having fun.The characters are 3 dimensional and are really likeable and believable, the graphics while a turnoff for some are very well done in their pixel style and feel fleshed out. I really enjoyed the voice acting and the little quips between Rosa and JoeyIf you have played the rest of the series this is a no brainer, its the final chapter and the ending will leave you shocked. If you are new to the series you owe it to youself to give it a try as it has to be one of the better point and click adventures i've ever played"
76561198014019535,Recommended,236930,30657424,Posted: 21 March,all,Vejeta187,"Thie final chapter in the Blackwell series.The previous four entries are all worth playing just to experience this game.The story telling is fantastic, and all those mysteries from the previous games get cleared up here, in emphatic fashion, from amazing plot twists to consistent continuity among the series - this game has it all!Point and click perfection - 10/10"
,Recommended,236930,19942956,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fugor,"What a great ending to an extraordinary series.These games are a synthesis of good old point'n'click tradition and modern themes.I loved plaing it. It was logical, exciting, engaging.I just straight hate the ending. It is a good ending, it makes a lot of sense even if uses something we never heard about before. It made me feel a lot of things. It's a good ending.I just hate to let Blackwells go."
76561198067911712,Recommended,236930,21557996,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kid Icarus,"I haven't finished it yet, but I can already say this is a great conclusion to a great series.My partner and I have really enjoyed playing through this series together, and as we finish the final game I have really been struck by how well put-together Blackwell has been.  The story becomes strangely compelling, the characters feel right, the music is immersive, and the gameplay is top-notch for this genre.I have been legitimately haunted by certain parts of the story, and have had deeper feelings about the characters in this series than almost any game I've played.  I feel like the story walks a fine narrative line between cheesy and heavy handed that is quite difficult to achieve.As far as gameplay goes, Blackwell avoids many of the pitfalls of the point-and-click adventure.  There is little to no backtracking, and you don't have to watch your character walk through the same stale environments over and over again while you try to figure out what you missed.  When you are stuck, it is often a matter of figuring out how to connect information, rather than some obscure hidden object puzzle.  Everything in Blackwell has some connection, and you have to use real-life experience and some detective skills to solve problems in your environment.  I feel like this game has been a great example of what a detective/mystery game can be.Blackwell is a shining example of less-is-more.  It knows what it is and it executes it well.If you like ghost stories and adventure games, please give this series a try."
76561198117374265,Recommended,236930,30706875,Posted: 24 March,all,BatGirlJack,"A nice conclusion to the story but as for gameplay, there's absolutely nothing new here. Get what you expect. I think Rosa's voice actor is the best part of the game."
76561198006849221,Recommended,236930,21781225,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,This game is soooo good.  What a bittersweet ending :SPOILER: It was the chalupa. THE CHALUPA DID IT
,Recommended,236930,27177159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archangel,"A great ending, despite being very bittersweet rather than cheerful. Only problem is the steep price point but at least the game lasts double than the previous ones. Definitely worth a check.Sorry for short review."
76561197998687345,Recommended,236930,19177849,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Laukku,"The last and best installment of the Blackwell series. The games have been made with a freeware tool called AGS (Adventure Game Studio - other games made with the same engine include Yahtzee Croshaw's Chzo series). The games start off quite amateurish, but the quality improves with each installment, and Epiphany could nearly be held worthy of the adventure gaming classics. The mystery elements, noir atmosphere, magic realism and character-basedness of story remind me of the first Gabriel Knight in a good way. Characters are entertaining and well-written, although the quality of the voice acting does fluctuate, and towards the series' end quite touching, poignant drama involving the ghosts are often involved. Puzzles are logical enough that a walkthrough was never needed despite them not always being easy, although the same kind of puzzles are encountered a tad too often overall. All in all, a great indie point-and-click series.Playing order is by the way: Legacy, Unbound, Convergence, Deception, and finally Epiphany."
76561197960454907,Recommended,236930,27065273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vagabond,"Anyone that fondly remembers the Adventure games of the early 90s owes it to themselves to play the entire series. (Start with the collection, this is the final game in the series, and is not currently included in the collection)."
76561198251520998,Recommended,236930,28729753,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,its_telos,"When the characters are convincing, I will get pretty involved and feel (at least part of) their emotions as my own. This is precisely what happens in playing the finale of the Blackwell series. When I played Lauren in an earlier game, I loved her character---her nature, her charm, her care for the family. And in epiphany, I really see how strong a woman Lauren's niece, Rosa Blackwell has become. She is much stronger than Lauren, thriving in her professional. This is a game that inspires me to be a professional woman as strong as her.In this end, it's not about anyone, but is also about everyone. In particular, it is about Joey, and everyone that continues to live."
76561198054763191,Recommended,236930,30987987,Posted: 6 April,all,bozaki87,"A good way to end the Blackwell trilogy and I thouroughly enjoyed it. If you really go through every detail in the game it's gonna last just a little over 10 hours - witch is a fair deal in my book for a game at this price range.The writting has only gotten better, the characters are still all memorable and (even tho I had long breaks between games) the story flows just perfectly. It has its good moments and also some great... who knows, if you followed all three games and you are a little sensitive it might get you to water up just a little bit."
,Recommended,236930,29108077,Posted: 7 January,all,[1n0] FinnSanity,"9/10: A solid, bittersweet conclusion to a thoughtful point-and-click series about allowing ghosts to come to terms with their deaths.David Gilbert's series following the Blackwell family and their resident sassy spirit, Joey, reaches its conclusion in this fifth installment. Rosa Blackwell, having grown more accustomed to her abilities since the occurrences in Deception, is working discreetly with the police to help solve cases and make ends meet. Her former notepad and computer have now condensed down to a single smartphone, but Rosa and Joey need to figure out how to protect these spirits from annihlation before they run out of time.As the final and most refined title in the Blackwell series, the puzzles and storytelling have all been streamlined based on the lessons learned in past. Joey is still integral thanks to his abilities to blow things and phase through doors, while Rosa still handles all the corporeal tasks and ultimately leads lost souls to the hereafter. While the story is, as ever, a melancholic one of lives ended before their time, David Gilbert does an excellent job of rounding up the strands of the story he's created over the years into a satisfying, if sad, ending.I also appreciate the developer commentary he added into the game, which grants some insight into the ideas and processes that went into creating the Blackwell Epiphany. Especially the bloopers."
,Recommended,236930,28900222,Posted: 1 January,all,Lolling_Chris,"Wow, what an ending... what a journey.It's already 5 titles when you look back.The Epiphany is better design & well-paced than the last 2 games. It's way longer (after all it's the last one), with more voice lines. There are many thoughtful tweaks as well. (finally Dave won't kick me out the game when I finished it)Overall, I like the story, and how it ends. When the idea of medium & saving ghost appeared in the first game, it was quite fascinating. But when you played along of the series, it became a little cliche sometimes. But Epiphany brought the feeling back successfully. I definitely recommand this game.My ranking of blackwell series:Unbound > Epiphany > Legacy > Convergence = DeceptionUnbound got the best mixture of music & narrative, and I love Laurence. ❤"
76561198097951439,Recommended,236930,28921320,Posted: 1 January,all,Hiddenagenda,"I have to say, I liked the detective work of this one the best, but at the same time, the ending felt rushed and cut. I read that the commentary reveals why. In any case. it's a serviceable ending to the series."
,Recommended,236930,29237250,Posted: 13 January,all,s0n1cm4yh3m,Amazing game... The best in the Blackwell series!
76561197967994859,Recommended,236930,29191560,Posted: 11 January,all,[LBC] Slash [GER],"One of the best oldschool adventure series I played. Awesome storytelling, cool twists and relatively easy puzzles. Totally worth it, from Episode 1 - 5."
,Recommended,236930,29401741,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,A truly epic ending to a phenomenal series. An absolute must-play for point-and-click adventure game fans.
76561198022266051,Recommended,236930,29710706,Posted: 4 February,all,OakenPants,"Saved the best for last!If you like point-n-click adventure games, you really need to give this series a shot.  And, yes, the whole series, not only so you really understand what's all going on in this final episode, but also because each episode has references to earlier games in the series -- just fabulous.  Besides each game in the Blackwell series is pretty short at approx 4hrs each, with this last episode is clearly the longest at almost 10hrs (as I was really trying to avoid using a guide), and with a fantastic story and ending.Overall:  Such a great series.  9 out of 10"
76561198048374781,Recommended,236930,29865762,Posted: 11 February,all,IceFrosty,The episode 5 of the blackwell series is intense and satisfying from start to ending.
76561198099773197,Recommended,236930,29878208,Posted: 12 February,all,KaityChameleon,"Unquestionably my favorite of the Blackwell series. Epiphany is a fantastic finale to a fantastic series leaving you with feels akin to Undertale, maybe even more if you binge play the entire series like I did.I would recommend this entire series to anyone interested in supernatural adventures. It has just a twist of mystery that keeps you coming back to each game until the end."
,Recommended,236930,33115315,Posted: 1 July,all,Skytzo_Marc,Excellent closing to a great series.  Each Blackwell builds upon the previous and this one wraps it all together.
76561198031994154,Recommended,236930,34864516,Posted: 10 September,all,vegard,A great end to a great series. Not to be missed if you played its predecessors.
