user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027999270,Recommended,237110,12631615,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Eifersucht18,"“Test Your Might!”Fighting Games have long begun a slow-burn demise, but for fans of the neon lit, pulsing arcade halls of the 80’s and 90’s, the siren call of ‘Flawless Victory’ is hard to resist. ‘Mortal Kombat: The Komplete Edition’ is a polished, frenetic and gloriously bloody update to the venerable 2.5-D Fighting series, and a must-have for any Fight Game enthusiast.Campaign:Released by NetherRealm / Warner Bros. in 2013, ‘Mortal Kombat’ boasts the best example of a true ‘Campaign | Story’ mode ever constructed for a Fight Game. A true-to-form outrageous plot set in a war between Outworld and EarthRealm, narrated through well conceived animated cut-scenes and interspersed with 1-on-1 and Tag Team battles, allow gamers to control their favorite characters as well as try some others they might not have been so inclined to. The usual suspects are all here – from Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Sonya, Johnny Cage, Liu Kang, Sektor, Raiden and Shao Khan to a host of new faces like Smoke, Noob Cybot, Rain, Quan Chi, Scarlett and Cyber Sub-Zero. In addition, a variety of Single Player Arcade-style ‘Ladder’ Tournaments, Online Modes (to include Tournament’s, ‘King of the Hill’ events), and lots of unlockable Achievements, round out a robust content-rich title.Gameplay | Graphics | Sound:Gameplay is fast and savagely bloody - and PC controls are tight, responsive and well optimized for both M&K and Controller. Newcomers to the franchise (or fight games in general) will relish the fact that unlike other fighters (which can be notoriously difficult to master), ‘Mortal Kombat’ utilizes a manageable 4-5 buttons for even its more complex combos making elaborate ‘Take Downs’, ‘X-Ray Hits’, and ‘Fatalities’ executable even for non-veterans. Mastering this system however, is another challenge altogether. Another positive is that all playable characters come already un-locked, eliminating the usual grind. Graphics and Sound are great overall as well.Flaws:In considering its flaws – 1. Multiplayer Connectivity Issues, and 2. an un-even difficulty curve – the continuing issues with online connectivity are the biggest concern. Online matches are frequently laggy and result in too many dropped matches (Be warned, although your mileage may vary).Overall, ‘Mortal Kombat: The Komplete Edition’ is a fantastic modern fighting game and a worthy re-boot of the legendary Arcade brawler - with a large collection of fighters (30+) to choose from, a lengthy well-crafted campaign, satisfying fight mechanics, all the brutality we would expect from the series, and lots of SP and MP modes to keep you busy through a sustained gaming session or a shorter pick-up-n-play distraction. Highly Recommended for both Fight fans and newcomers. “Get Over Here!” - Rated (8.8/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
,Recommended,237110,15174059,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mister Crowley,"Mortal Kombat is, by all accounts, a very lighthearted and fun game that the whole family can enjoy. With very friendly and inviting characters as well as a bright atmosphere, Mortal Kombat is sure to delight children of all ages and engage them in a very positive, educational experience. It plays like a fast-paced game of tag, with puzzles to challenge the mind, different mini games to enhance response time, and a difficulty that is very forgiving to new players. Don't let the pictures above fool you; Mortal Kombat is all about peace and non-violence.Mortal Kombat follows the stories of several characters as they each compete in a fabled contest called, ""Mortal Kombat."" The Mortal Kombat Tournament is basically a tag & hugging contest, with the best tag players from around the world competing to be crowned the winner and earn a years supply of cupcakes and a Starbucks gift card.However, there is a secret bet between a group of overseers known as the ""The Elder Gods,"" and the previous tag master, Shao Kahn. Shao Kahn wants to throw a big party with music and cake in Earth Realm, but Raiden one of the protectors of Earth Realm, doesn't want to have a party, since nobody likes Shao Kahn since he's a bully. So the Elder Gods tell Raiden that Shao Kahn can have his party unless someone from Earth Realm wins the Mortal Kombat Tournament.Knowing this Raiden begins training his pupil, a happy-go-lucky man by the name of Liu-Kang, so that he may win the contest. But he is not the only one participating. There are numerous other characters that the game follows, such Scorpion and Sub-Zero, two best friends who dress as ninjas that love hanging out and visiting each other's families. There's also Johnny Cage, a famous actor that respects women and goes out of his way to be kind and caring. Mileena, who is known for having the most beautiful smile in all the realms, and of course Goro, a jolly giant who loves to give hugs and is a very active environmentalist.Tensions arise though when Raiden discovers that Shao Kahn plans to cheat his way through the tournament and make people come to his party. There's also a minor subplot about a man named Kano, who's being pursued by a lady named Sonya Blade in an effort to find him the perfect Christmas present, the ever-gentlemanly Johnny Cage assists in this, and it teaches a valuable life lesson about sharing and giving and respecting the law.At some point you'll play as most of the characters, and you'll discover that all of them have unique methods of tagging. Each character even has special moves ironically named ""Fatalities,"" because they're completely non-violent and send messages of peace and good sportsmanship to the players.Other than the story, there are numerous game modes, such as challenge tower, that are increasingly fun and not at all too difficult for the average player. In addition you have the fun mini-games I mentioned before; Test Your Might, Test Your Skill, Test Your Luck, each adding a little something extra to the formula.This edition also comes with a few new characters , such as Skarlet, a girl with good intentions that has difficulty spelling words with a C in them. Rain, a funny weather man from Miami Florida, and let's not forget Freddy Krueger, who is not at all the same person from those terribly violent horror movies, but rather a kind doctor who helps people suffering from terrible injuries and is also incredibly good with children.All in all, when it's finished, you'll feel incredibly fulfilled and your children will have learned a lot of things about themselves and about how to treat other people. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,237110,8457009,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sinew2,"Like most of us, I grew up playing Mortal Kombat, and was excited to see a MK that returned to its roots. This MK features fighting on a 2d plane brought back, in an effort to bring MK into the fighting gamer community. Though now over 2 years old, this game is still kick♥♥♥♥♥ and a wonderful alternative to other fighting games that are generally accepted by the community. It features a compelling story, a massive challenge mode, and the classic ladder, as well as a tag mode. The game's only flaws are the currently broken online functioning, and the occasional sound bugs in the dialogue."
,Recommended,237110,12709111,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Devilean,"Good graphics, awesome gameplay, fatalities and all that gore you wish to see. 32 fighters with each unique gameplay. If you are a fan of fighting games, this is the one for you. Buy a dual gamepad and have endless fun with friends."
,Recommended,237110,7753921,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mrakva,"10/10What is this: This is in essence a 2D fighting game rendered in 3D. This is true to the Mortal Kombat brand. Everything about this game feels familiar to long time fans.Graphics: Graphics are crisp. You will be able to see all the gore and special effects in vibrant 3D rendition. However, fighting only happens on a linear plane. Each fighter has a supermove that has X-Ray animation. It is bone crunchingly satisfying. Devs weren't skimpy on blood. Each strike produces buckets of blood, oil, smoke (depending on what the fighter is made of). Special moves look good. There is a lot of color, and yet, it's not overwhelming or distracting.Sounds: You will hear one liners, grunts, strikes, special move sounds, bone breaking, etc. Sounds help you to get emersed into the experience. Everything fits together well. Sounds help making every punch satisfying.Gameplay: If you played Mortal Kombat before, this will feel immediately familliar. If you are new to this universe or fighting games in general, there is a nice and helpful tutorial. Story mode is great. It's like watching a cheesy movie. You may not care for the story too much because writer/s were not afraid to make bold moves in story telling. Much like The Walking Dead, main characters may be killed off unexpectedly. I would suggest to use a controller to play this game (xbox controller will make it really easy, no setup required). You can play in Steam's ""Big Picture"" on TV with your friends. It's just like a console. I didn't have any luck with online play. There are many extras. All the basic features of a traditional Mortal Kombat game are also here. This includes special finishing moves. They are relatively easy to master. There is a helfpul tutorial for that too.Verdict: Both long time Mortal Kombat fans as well as fighting fans should get it. It's a definitive version that will give you everything a console version could. This is a good argument for the genre in general on PC. Get it!"
76561198070463093,Recommended,237110,7999771,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,=RAHN=,"This is a very fun game! I would highly recommend this game! It reminds me of the old mortal kombat games that I used to play with my friends way back when. Plus, it has a 4 player local v.s. mode. I havn't tried it yet, but I have done the local 2 player mode. Very fun, but a lot to remember. Best to know a certain character and memorize his moves like the back of your hand before you move on to another though. Overall 9/10. No regrets for paying $15 for it."
,Recommended,237110,13248005,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sceptre,Boobs bounce.10/10
,Recommended,237110,17301525,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Mortal Kombat has seen action on the PC before. In the heyday of the series, both Mortal Kombat II and Mortal Kombat 3 were released on the PC under Acclaim's license. Midway then published Mortal Kombat Trilogy and Mortal Kombat 4 on the PC before the fighting game scene all but dried up. It wasn't until a few years ago that the gory series returned to the platform in the form of the Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection, which brought the original arcade trilogy to the PC for the first time in almost a decade. With the reboot of the series being successful, WB Games decided that it was finally time for the series to reappear on the PC with Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition. There are a few issues, but it's one of the best fighting games on the platform so far.Mortal Kombat is a 2-D fighting game that only shares a few things with other 2-D fighters. There is a large roster of fighters, and each has an arsenal of special moves to mix with regular moves to create combos. That's where the similarities end, as far as the fighting mechanics are concerned. While other games like Street Fighter are content with high combo counts and the mastery of technical moves, Mortal Kombat focuses on the brutality of fighting. You can still perform combos, but the emphasis is on hitting hard while sacrificing fluidity. Punches and kicks stagger opponents and spin them while special moves offer an extra punch. It's further accentuated by the presence of blood with just about every hit, except for a few body blows. Everything from the simple jab to a full-on buzzsaw to the chest produces copious amounts of blood, and special metered attacks, like the X-ray move, add broken bones and muscle tears to the mix. All of this culminates in the series' trademark fatality moves, which include beating the opponent with his/her own limb, slicing body parts into multiple pieces, and tearing a person in half lengthwise.This recent iteration, though dubbed a reboot by many, is actually more of a culmination of everything that's worked in the series thus far, and it also culls extraneous features and modes. Free-form combos have replaced the ""dial-a-combo"" system, so combos are no longer canned and predictable. Though there is still a stance change button, it is only for aesthetics. The weapons system, which was first introduced in Mortal Kombat 4, and the create-a-fatality system from Armageddon have been removed in favor or more traditional fatalities. The game hasn't completely gone back to the system where everyone has the same moves, but everyone still has a sweep move and an uppercut, and damage becomes visible on characters over time. The new special meter allows for some depth since players choose whether to expend it on breaking combos, powering up special moves or executing the devastating but risky X-ray techniques.The fighting style is enough to differentiate the game from other 2-D fighters, and the lack of gimmicky modes brings the focus back to fighting. The back-to-basics approach eschews needless complexity in favor of straight-up brutality. Fans who have strayed from recent iterations will be enticed by the effective fighting, and those who have stuck with the series will find the streamlined approach to be refreshing.There are several modes available for solo players. There are the standard ladder modes, which let you play fight after fight until you defeat Shang Tsung, Kintaro and Shao Kahn before learning of your fighter's fate. The expected difficulty levels are also present, but the ability to play in a tag-team format and solo mode makes it more enjoyable, especially if you want some co-op play.Tutorials are available in Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition, but they've taken a deeper turn. A basic tutorial mode teaches you the basics, some special moves, and the game's newer techniques. You also have a free form practice mode, where you can beat up on a dummy all day and see data from your moves. What proves to be more valuable, however, is the fatality training section, which teaches you how to perform everyone's fatalities and includes proper spacing to take away the guesswork about required distances.The deepest mode is Story, and while it isn't the first time a fighting game has done this, it is certainly one of the better implementations. Instead of resetting the tale, the game opens with the end of the events from Mortal Kombat: Armageddon. Just about everyone is dead, with only Shao Khan and Raiden left standing. Sensing the end is near, Raiden makes a last attempt to prevent Shao Khan from taking over the entire realm. Using all of his strength, he takes his memories of every tournament and sends them back in time to himself, thus setting up the story line reset that takes on familiar scenarios with new directions.One of the reasons this works so well is because Mortal Kombat was always big on telling stories. Other fighting games concentrate on the fighting experience alone, but Mortal Kombat always makes an effort to build up the lore surrounding the fight. Even though the tale takes some silly turns, it is at least believable enough to work. Like Challenges, you're forced to play as characters you may hate, but the different perspectives add some depth to the story. With the tale lasting several hours, there's plenty to do in this mode alone.Unfortunately, the online multiplayer isn't as strong as the rest of the game for a few reasons. For starters, the online community on the PC version is quite small. When you get an online match going, the performance fluctuates. While the game never stuttered when playing online, some controller actions didn't activate until later, so jump kicks wouldn't execute until you're about to land from your jump. The controller delay and small online community means you'll really be looking to local players for multiplayer matches.Graphically, Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition is still great, especially when you consider it debuted a little over two years ago on home consoles. Built with Unreal Engine 3, the game has some great-looking fighters that animate well and come to life as the damage builds. Backgrounds tell exactly the same story and are mesmerizing in that there's so much going on when compared to other fighters.From an audio standpoint, the game is also quite good. Effects hit hard, and each hit still sounds solid — though a little wetter due to the copious amounts of blood being splattered. The music borrows liberally from past Mortal Kombat games with remakes of classic stage tunes, and the new material happily goes along in that tradition of serious orchestral stuff as opposed to the electronic techno stuff that's associated with the old movies. The voices are great and acted well in story mode and in pre-fight tauntsEven though it is two years late to the scene, Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition shows you can create a compelling fighting game experience without only catering to the genre's multiplayer aspects. The single-player modes alone give the game an amazing amount of things to do, and the multiplayer still remains an addicting part of the game. The solid fighting formula seems to have found some comfortable footing over the years. The online experience could be better, especially with such a small community, but the game is solid enough in other areas that it is easily one of the better fighting games for the platform and worth checking out."
,Recommended,237110,12757443,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,YikMirMukMuk,"this game is so much fun, untill you get to the coliseum where you fight shao khan, this is what it sounds lik : shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins shao khan wins"
76561197990539789,Recommended,237110,13891747,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Schuitje82,"// Mortal Kombat is a 3D Fighting Game: //// Schuitje82 - Extended Review //About the game:============What is all to say about Mortal Kombat?People who have gotten along MK1 Arcade or Sega / Nintendo era know what this game is all about.Amazing, bizarre characters and a cool story or not to mention hope bloody violence: PMortal Kombat games have many lows reached on consoles.Lot of bad games are there that have been ruining the MK series.Only Mortal Kombat 9 makes up for it.For me, Mortal Kombat 9 is a complete reboot of the game.And all characters from MK1 to MK3 come back in one big story.Story Mode:==========To start story mode reflects perfectly true Mortal Kombat is about.Many movies and you play with all the characters in the game.Sometimes this can be very annoying because you have to get used again and again to the new characters and learning all the moves of the characters.I prefer to play the game / story mode on the most lowest difficulty setting for the best experience from the story mode.Ladder Mode:==========You also have the old arcade ladder as in the old games.This allows you to play as single or tag mode.Tag mode, you and your friend to battle against the computer in ladder mode. (CO-OP Mode Offline)I find the CO-OP mode a very good extra to this game / ladder mode.Tower Challenge Mode:==================Tower mode, a total of 500 challenges that are quite challenging and this can probably best to keep busy for a while.And gives a big challenge filled with frustration.It's really a lot of fun to play and try to find a new challenge.Online:======MK9 still get played a lot when I made this review.Main problem online has is the super big lag sometimes so horrible the game is unplayable.So keep in mind search a player that is close to your region.Also in online mode you have Single, Tag and King of the Hill will give you plenty of variety.Unfortunately, King of the Hill can sometimes be a long wait and watch game long before you end up in a fight because of the many players that comes in a game.And if 1 person has a bad connection he will ruin the gameplay / match because of the big lag he will make in the group.So online play is not the best experience and I recommend like old times 2 or 4 player on the couch with some controllers.Finally:======MK9 is a very fun game and easy to pick.Combos are easy to learn if you take the time to do it.Game is often on sale and would definitely try this game if you like fighting games.And with the complete edition you then have all the extra fighters.So no stupid DLC to buy anymore.Only downside is.Find a shame that the publisher is fairly stopped supporting the game for extra content.I give this game a 9/10http://store.steampowered.com/app/237110/03-04-2016: Review Addon:----------------------------------------I've played this game many years on my Windows 7 64bit system.In a strange way other me and other steam users have trouble getting this game to work on Windows 8 / 8.1 or 10.It gives errors and using Windows built-in Emulator software does not work for everybody.So keep in mind it's a great game still it's a horrible port and will not work on every PC.It's a shame because I really love the game.== For more reviews go towww.gamegrin.com==== Please don't forget to like my reviews =="
76561197985072747,Recommended,237110,10480922,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Horror/Fantasy Fighting GameI got this on the Xbox 360 and was glad to see this come to Steam on sale. I think this is the best Mortal Kombat game to date. The only thing it lacks from the other games is the use of weapons, style changes and a few of the historic chracters (not many though!). The story mode is a good addition and the cut-scenes try to make as much sense as they can with people ripping each other apart and then walking around fine in the next scene. The Krypt will keep you collecting coins to unlock new fatalitys and costumes. The moves aren't too complex to pull off in most cases, so it is about timing. Mortal Kombat is still my second favourtie fighting game franchise after Soul Calibur. Come on Steam you know you want it!"
76561197992929216,Recommended,237110,12422541,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Osirous,Best Mortal Kombat since MK3.
,Recommended,237110,7781265,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,jmz,"1 of the best Fighting Games out there.Great game, one of my favourite game of all time. The graphics are quite impressively done, HIGH voltage did a wonderful job of porting this game over to PC, probably the best ported game that was mastered correctly. It's very entertaning, has a big selection of characters, fatality's are Brutal to watch and the Soundtrack is also pretty good.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,237110,19102693,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,rat king,"bigger roster than x, more fatalities than x, more stages than x, more pc optimized than x, better game than x"
,Recommended,237110,14680962,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lord Cytex,"Well, Mortal Kombat. My favourite video gaming series. I have never seen a bad Mortal Kombat game. Let's go back to Pros and Cons.Pros:-Gameplay: The gameplay is extremely agressive. And I have never seen a bug on the gameplay.-Story Mode: It has a great narration. (Spoiler Alert) And the story mode is about the events of MK 1-2-3.-Challenge Tower: Nice mode. And nice missions. Broke my gamepad because of this. 10/10.-Babalities: Cute and sad.-Test your ???: Every Test Your mini game is amazing, my fav is obviously Test your luck.Cons:-Fatalities: Of course every fatality isn't bad, but most of them are disappointing for me. Yes this is a reboot, but why no original, new fatalities? Like come on, Shang Tsung's fatality is the same every time. Soul Steal. His main ability is soul steal, I know but why don't you add something new to it?-Multiplayer: If you want to play ONLINE, DO NOT BUY IT. Lag problems. But I don't care because I don't play MK online.Final Score: 9.2/10This game is one of the best reboot games in the video game franchise. Let's wait for MKX. Who's Next?"
,Recommended,237110,10469865,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"It is always difficult to review a port which has a lot of chance to go awry during the course of its development. This new Mortal Kombat game enjoyed being one of those games that only got ported to PC years after its release. The advantage we'd relate to the passing of time would be a decent number of people willing to play the game. It has an assumption of having either a growing or just a steady community. Also, PC gamers are well aware of how low the chances are for a fighting game's release these days. And of course late release would make us believe the game is a decent, well-optimised port without any major glitches, issues.So, before continuing reading my review I would like to say it straightforward: multiplayer with this game is just awful. I have been unable to find a host or host a game ever since I purchased it. In fact, a friend on Steam asked me to play together so that he could unlock a missing achievement. Neither hosting nor joining worked. I am amazed how bad a multiplayer code a game can have today!Putting the horrendous multiplayer experience aside this game is very good! Although its story mode offers a store-telling which tries to tell you this is a sequel to previous Mortal Kombat games it is, essentially, a remake. Gameplay is similar to that of Street Fighter 4: no real 3D just 3D graphics. The game looks good, plays smoothly and offers a long single player experience.Similarly to Street Fighter 4 the new MK offers ultra moves. Basically, a meter gets charged along the way and once it is fully charged we can unleash an X-ray move. This consists of a series of attacks and if the enemy is successfully hit each time the amount of damage they receive is just tremendous. As the game is very gory the X-ray utilises a lot of close-up shots focusing on the internal organs and bone structure of the enemy: we can see how these are crushed during the move.The game's PC version (Komplete Edition) comes with some extra characters (such as Freddy from the Nightmare of the Elm Street horror franchise) that were only available via various DLCs on console. This is nice but expected 2 years after the console release date. The game has many unlockables, achievements and a Challenge Tower to further look for challenges in case you want to thrive.Overall, this is  a good game and recommended but in case there are friends who only want to purchase it so that they can play with one another do bear in mind you'Ll have a tough time with multiplayer."
,Recommended,237110,8436730,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Slink-a-MaChink,"This is by far the best mortal kombat i have ever played it has loads of features like the crypt, new fatalities and much more you can also unlock costumes and concept art this game includes many fun easter eggs aswell. if you want a fighting game you have come to the right place!"
,Recommended,237110,14464638,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],"this game made me look like this／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ)                         　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561192096167431,Recommended,237110,10898009,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,サイタマ,Get over here!!!
76561198072604477,Recommended,237110,32095389,Posted: 31 May,all,Dramne,For a classic Mortal Kombat style it is a pretty good experience for the price although the story mode is limited.The charaters and the aracade ladder mode is good.
,Recommended,237110,32897125,Posted: 27 June,all,Yiga,"Honest Review10 / 10_________________________________________Pro's✔ Gorgeous & Smooth graphics ( Even with a crap laptop like mine )✔ Lots of content + modes✔ Several famous characters from the Mortal Kombat Series✔ Fun Kombat✔ Difficulty really challenges youCon's✘ No Windowed Mode ( I hate fullscreen. It always freezes stuff.. feels uncomfortable.__________________________________________I've been wanting to get this game since it was released, but I didn't have a PS4 at the time. I didn't even know it came to steam. But am entirely happy it did. Regardless of what kind of PC you have, it'll run absolutely great. Even on the lowest of settings. The Kombat is so diverse, and incredibly fun. The difficulty really makes you pumped up! I've only had it for just a little while, but I can honestly say, hours are so going to build up.Despite that one con, which is my only complaint, I highly recommend this to any Mortal Kombat fan.Hope my review was helpful to some!"
,Recommended,237110,15028120,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,RIGGS,"Blood, gore and... boobs!10/10"
,Recommended,237110,7979472,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MaskedVillain,"This is an amazing fighting game! With all of the blood and gore we have grown to love over the years, this game adds more characters, a new twist on the story, and absolutely stunning graphics. Smooth combat, special moves, fatalities, and babalities, all feel so fresh, and so ""over the top"" that I must recommend this game. I get the same feeling playing this, as I did playing MK1 back in the day on my Sega Genesis. A controller is probably a must have with this one, but is well worth the investment in my opinion. Especially if you get this game on sale."
,Recommended,237110,29057602,Posted: 6 January,all,SIMBA,"Toasty Bosst:Baraka — U,U,D,3CyberSub — D,D,D,1Cyrax — U,U,D,1Ermac — U,U,D,2Freddy — D,B,D,3Jade — D,B,D,3Jax — D,D,D,4Johnny Cage — D,D,U,1Kabal — D,D,U,2Kano — F,F,B,3Kenshi — F,B,D,3Kitana — F,F,B.4Kratos — B,B,D,2Kung Lao — F,F,B,1Liu Kang — F,F,B,2Mileena — B,B,F,3Nightwolf — B,B,F,4Noob — B.B,F,1Quan Chi — B,B,F,2Raiden — D,B,D,3Rain — B,B,D,3Reptile — D,B,F,3Scorpion — D,B,F,1Sektor — D,B,D,1Shang Tsung — D,D,F,3Sheeva — D,D,F,4Sindel — D,D,D,1Skarlet — B,D,D,3Smoke — D,D,F,2Sonya — B,B,D,3Stryker — B.B,D,4Sub Zero — B,B,D,1"
,Recommended,237110,20792687,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,momo,Güvender yayınlarını alacağına şu oyunu al daha iyi aq tüm lise biyoloji konularını kapsıyor la
,Recommended,237110,18884715,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Monologamy,"MORTAL KOMBAT!!!!The game that doesn't know the letter ""C"".This was my childhood game, I started playing Mortal Kombat 3, then Mortal Kombat 3 Ultimate with friends and family.Now this game lived up to my childhood. I saw characters that I played in MK3 Ultimate, I saw new characters, Some character cameo in the story mode. I learned the story of the characters because of story mode, I saw Sektor and Cyrax in their human form, as well as why there were 2  sub-zeros in MK3.Freakin Smoke my favorite character is more awesome with his long hair and his moves are now smoke like. I could go on and on however this is from a fan's viewpoint so it's one sided.How about new players looking for a good fighting game?Well this game is good fighting game, there's variety in each character. +The roster has a good number of characters (more than Injustice). +There is also a good number of maps. +This feels like a reboot so if you're looking for story I think you'll catch up pretty quick. +- - - - - - -The story mode started off lazy and sometimes it is lazy(lazy dialouge and then they fight, makes you face palm at times). -A must grab for fans and a great grab for those who want this game!Grab it on SALE to have MAXIMUM FUN and LESS WALLET GOUGING!"
,Recommended,237110,18915770,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ great story+ many different battle modes+ Challenge Tower+ LOOOTS of unlockables+ classic awesome fighting gameplayCONS:- Online Multiplayer has a smaller amount of peopleComment:Mortal Kombat finally got the proper edition into modern days. The story has fully revisited the first three games in the Mortal Kombat series. A huge amount of characters is re-introduced with new visuals, best seen in the many cutscenes. Yet the gameplay remains 2D sidescrolling battles, the way it is played best. Lots of fighting modes, challenges, unlockables ... this all can be found in the game. Challenge tower is included too, of course. Difficulty is stiil high ... even on the lowest settings the enemies, especially Shao Kahn, will kick your butt if you suck at the game. Or if you own an XBox360 controller (like me) because precision button mashing is a must and analog sticks are almost useless. The fighting is fun, the story is cool and the online multiplayer is, well, empty. Yes, this is a understandable flaw, so be sure to have friends who either have this game or come over to play. I cannot pinpoint really bad stuff about this game because while it is not perfect it does the vast majority of things right. Recommended!------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
76561198035391503,Recommended,237110,14431803,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,lagrie,"Having played almost all the mortal kombat games, i must say this one is one of the best. The take on the other story's to this one is done really well. The gameplay is smooth, but the port could been done better. All the characters in the game are done great and the feeling of a fatality is just mind blowing somthimes. The Xray aspect of the game is refreshing and you want to go for one every fight you do, seeing the bones crack and flesh tear appart is always awsome in the MK franchise. But this one has one of the best i have seen in a fighting/mk game."
,Recommended,237110,25639967,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,E.E. (Peary),Local Thunder God Ruins Everything
,Recommended,237110,28231428,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Zuramaru,Better Than MK X.
,Recommended,237110,15317767,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Encrypted Ka0s,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,237110,34876129,Posted: 10 September,all,King Link,"Oh what a game.So Mortal Kombat is known for it's absolutely vicious gameplay and totally overly violence.  In the SNES/Genesis era, it was the game with a blood code (Genesis only) when Street fighter was relatively tame.  It had Fatalities.Well Mortal Kombat (really Mortal Kombat 9) has continued that march of progress.  While it's not it's ultimate form (Seriously, Mortal Kombat X takes everything 9 did and makes it almost disgusting... ok actually disgusting.)   Mortal Kombat 9 has a special charm in it's self.The main game play (besides online, which I only dip my toe into because... I really don't have the time to dedicate myself to all the fighting games I play) seems like it's a story mode.  Which is 16 chapters each four fights each.  And while the story is decent, it's never that deep.  Basically unless you REALLY know the lore, (and as such you wouldn't need to read a review) the story is... acceptable but there's a lot of mysticism that's their for super fans of the series.   It's good enough to play through though.  But there is a REALLY painful fight just over half way through the story mode to watch out for (Liu Kang vs Shao Khan).However there's another mode.  Challenge Tower which contains 300 levels, and I have to say that's the real killer experience.   This is similar to star mode in Injustice.  The player fights through 300 different matches with different rules and a lot of variety.  You'll play as every character (or almost all of them) and each gets used for about 10 levels.  But the variety in these levels are some of the best in the game.  There are matches where the player is headless, or armless, or throws arms at the opponent, or only is limited to one move.  The fact is there's at least 100 matches that don't feel like a normal match, and I absolutely love this mode.There's also Arcade modes, which each character has an individual ending as well.And there's more, there's now a tag mode in some matches, that can be applied to arcade mode as well, there's a number of Tests you can take (unlocked from progressing through challenge tower) and of course Online.Overall there's a LOT to do in this game, the fighting is the typical Mortal Kombat fair (Super moves, combos, throws, and blocking) but honestly the wealth of content really shines, and it works great for hard core fans of the series (the guys who will go online after taking down the expert mode difficulty) and the novices of the series.Just realize, this is a game that revels in the blood and violence.  It's incredible just how brutal they keep making the game and upping the ante, and Mortal Kombat 9 is a perfect blend of the old and the ultra violent.    In fact they added a new attack in this game called the x-ray.  All I can say about them are they are somehow almost as brutal as the classic fatalities.  Damn!Personally I love this game, so I recommend it just due to it's absolutely beautiful visuals and true visceral impacts.   It's not a game for the squeamish, and it's just so brutally violent.  But it's also just beautifully brutal, if you can handle it, it's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,237110,12383983,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cancerman,"Great games with great story .It's worth to buy this games.You could play in story mode or just play versus mode with your friends, its good to just spending time on this game when you had some little time to play."
76561198069159901,Recommended,237110,6564613,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,SuQuzeee,Король всех файтингов теперь и на ПК!
,Recommended,237110,15326241,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Mortal Kombat fans, rejoice!As a fan of the series' characters and lore, this game absolutely blew my mind.  Finally we have a Mortal Kombat game with a very well done story mode complete with talented voice actors and exciting cinematics.  I felt invested in the characters as they protected Earthrealm from the Outworld invaders and even learned a bit about their backstories that I hadn't previously known.  Instead of the classic ""choose a character and win to see their ending"" mode that most of the Mortal Kombat series has been, in MK9 you play through the story taking control of each character as they make an impact on it.The fighting itself is extraordinarily smooth and, in my opinion, tied with Injustice: Gods Among Us for best fighting game experience.  Combos are easy to learn, special abilities are simple and intuitive, and fatalities, as they always have been, are absolutely glorious.If you're a fan of the fighting genre, this game is a 10/10, no question whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,237110,30806035,Posted: 28 March,all,Ozzie Arcane,"It's hard to give this game a thumbs up or a thumbs down. I kind of wish that the review system would get an option to make an ""Informational"" review the way you can on the curator system now.As a single player fighting game, this has pretty much anything you could imagine (Far more then something recent like Street Fighter V). A decent story mode, arcade, and lots of challenges to try out.But you can't play any multiplayer aside from local for the most part. The netcode was never patched. Not only is the community dead, but even if someone else is on looking for a ranked match the server might refuse to match you up like it did with me and a friend.When trying to play a private match it was laggy and near impossible to get through an entire match without disconnecting. Sometimes it would disconnect while on the load screen before the match started. Absolute rubbish."
,Not Recommended,237110,7749572,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,crivers,"This game has a great story and very fun gameplay. There is enough content to keep you entertained for a couple of hours like Test Your Luck. The challenge tower however starts off pretty fun, but later on it suffers from reusing same missions with slight variations, to down right unfair at some parts. Luckily you can skip some of them but there really isn't a point in doing the missions because the fleshpit Mileena costume is already unlocked by default.The netcoding is awful, its worse than Soul Calibur 4's netcoding. Disconnects, lag, the lack of people playing it and the fact that the game is region locked is absurd.Overall its great game but don't by it because of the lack of content to make you keep playing because most of it is already unlocked, and poor netcoding."
,Recommended,237110,30585303,Posted: 18 March,all,WeedPizza,A great remake of the classic mortal Kombat!Roster and story wise beats MKX.But MKX still has the game beat in terms of graphics and fighting mechanics.
76561198008658696,Recommended,237110,23509021,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kuklas,Get over here!10/10
,Recommended,237110,12091002,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Karlmeister,"Back to roots. If the last MK you played was MK4, then MK9 is like it would be MK5. And it's lot better even that MK2 when it was released in 1993.The only one bad thing about this game is the online gameplay. It needs an extremely good connection which can not be shared while you're on kombat. So, if you have a girlfriend who likes to watch youtube videos, ask her gently that she CAN'T use Internet while you are fighting. Also, the other kombatant have to be very close to you - less than 500 km away."
76561198011428224,Recommended,237110,33317658,Posted: 6 July,all,Gilpill,Its all fun and games till Shao Kahn
,Recommended,237110,29727957,Posted: 5 February,all,PC Moose,Mortal Kombat (2011) is the faithful remake that save the franchise.
,Recommended,237110,26505951,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SFFB||csgoatse.com,"This game is responsible for reviving the Mortal Kombat series after that god awful MK vs DC game. It has a great mechanic, a load of characters and as bonus you get the DLC. The characters are easy to master and you have alot of things to do ranging from towers to multiplayer."
,Recommended,237110,15727762,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Nedragaard,"5/5Mortal Kombat perfected!I beleive that Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition is the perfect MK fighter.  It's like taking the first three games and combining them into one modern game.This game playes and feels like the old Mortal Kombats, only very smooth and pretty.So many modes and challanges; and the story mode is basicly a playable movie that takes you throught the first three games (it took me more than 5 hours).There are sooooo many unlockables!  Soooo many characters!  I can play as Nightwolf, Ermac, even Freddy Krueger?If you liked MK at all...  buy this game.  It is one of the best modern fighters.If you don't know a thing about MK...  It's a game where you fight horrible creatures from other dimensions in a tournament to save earth, that's run by a evil shapeshifting lunatic.  Team up with characters like Rayden, the god of thunder to defeat four-armed goliaths, cybernetic ninjas, vengeful undead and so on..."
,Not Recommended,237110,7747914,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spychosis,It has the complete game with all characters except the PS3 exclusive Kratos. It has all the fatalities unlocked so you don't need to go through the stupid crypt. You can mod it so you can play as the bosses. It also suffers from some bugs that will NEVER get patched as this game is dead in WB Games eyes. Get this on sale because there are bugs that will ruin the entire experience present now and forever.
76561198054284980,Recommended,237110,21202581,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jaeger Bomb,"Finish him!Mortal Kombat 9 (also just simply referred to as 2011's Mortal Kombat) is a 2D fighting game from NetherRealm Studios that completely reboots the franchise. After the forgettable Mortal Kombat VS DC Universe, MK is back in a huge way with tons of gore, over-the-top characters and combo-heavy the famous series is known for.Story: The story mode of the game is pretty well-done and in-depth. The tale follows the events of Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, where everyone has been killed off except for Raiden and the Outworld emperor, the mighty Shao Kahn. As Raiden is about to be ""finished"" by Shao Kahn, he uses his amulet to telepathically contact his past self with the message ""He must win"". So now it is up to the past Raiden to figure out who it is that must win and forever defeat the vicious emperor. From that point onwards, you get to play as most of the characters with the player using a different character in each chapter. The story is surprisingly good and is one of the best examples of how fighting games can do more than just add versus modes to a game and sets a benchmark for storytelling in such competitive games.Graphics: The graphics hold up well for a game released in 2011. On the highest graphics settings, Mortal Kombat looks stunning on PC with the characters and environments popping out of the environment with vivid colours and exquisite detail. Whether it be Sub Zero's ice moves or Liu Kang's fire moves, the game looks crisp and is bursting with personality.Sound: Each punch, kick and bone-crunching move is captured extremely well in MK. In particular, the new X-Ray moves have a satisfying ""oomph"" to them and you truly get goosebumps when you hear thess moves being executed for the first time. Also, each character is voiced with a lot of charm and the announcer of the game gets you pretty hyped up, with his deep and menacing voice. The sound design is spot-on and is among one of the best in fighting games.Gameplay: The gameplay in Mortal Kombat has been completely revamped in comparison to previous MK games. The combat is alot more free-flowing this time round, making it much easier to pull off multi-hit combos and super moves. It is fast, stylish and alot of fun. NetherRealm has to be given credit for how much they have improved the gameplay in this installment of MK, for it to be fun even for non-hardcore fans of MK such as myself.In summary, Mortal Kombat is a fine example of what people should expect in modern fighting games: a solid cinematic story mode, heaps of content, online play and frenetic, fun, easy-to-learn gameplay. It redefines the fighting game genre and sets a benchmark for all other fighting games that come after it, in particular, the upcoming Street Fighter V.I'd give the game a 9/10."
76561198140510914,Recommended,237110,23124600,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Walter Nichols,One of the greatest fighting games today and anyone should play it.
,Recommended,237110,30320847,Posted: 4 March,all,YEA BABY pvpro.com,"One of the best fighting games i have ever played but before start the review i want to make a petition but im not pretty sure that Netherrealm Studios will read it.So Ed Boon and other Mk kreators.Dont be like Capcom's SFV and pls release the full game Mortal Kombat 11 with the full roster,full story mode and the full stuff.Thanks to making Mortal Kombat great series again with MKXL and MK9.I hope MK11 be one of the best Mk games and to make the series popular like the old 90's time again.And now lets start with the review with the typical Pros and ConsPros+The Mortal Kombat game which saved the series+Epic stuff to do after beating the story mode like Test your might,Test your luck,The Challenge Series and Arcade Ladder+Now it has the DLC kharaters free after pre ordering the game+Its about time traveling and the old Mortal Kombat reboot story (It reminds me of Serious Sam and the old gold MK1 times)+the Krypt secret fatalities are now avaiable and you dont need to go to the krypt to unlock them+Epic gore+Epic Fatalities+Epic X-Rays+Epic storyAnd now to the cons-Little bit lagging multiplayer-The game is crashing or dont running for some people and they need to go to the MKKE folder which is on %appdata%-You find only pros,competitors,non casual players in multiplayerGive 10/10 awesome fighting game if you have some problems like crashing or dont running just write in the comments on my review"
,Recommended,237110,10417603,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[Epic!]killy,"Pros:+ Amazing story line for a combat game+ Great controls, easy to start with (used also in Injustice GAU)+ A LOT of content to unlock+ Challenge Tower is a lot of fun+ Viciously brutal moves+ X-ray moves where you can view of your opponent's bones and organs being crushed+ Fatality, babality and other noobalities full of gore! :)Cons:- Slow matchmaking for the online play- You can't start the single player campaign from the beginning unless you finish the gameIt's one of the best, if not the best, fighting game on the market. 9/10 game for me.Gameplay video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WU5cA6Ob5RE"
,Recommended,237110,14669602,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tuthkhue,"I am not a fan of fighting games, I am not very good at them and kinda bored easily after playing a few hours. So why do I love MK you ask? Let me answer..First It has a cool story. You are not a fighter that show up just to fight on streets or sth (Did you see what I did there? :) ). MK Universe has background and all of the fighters has some motives to be in this scenario. Also this one has a story mode to show you what the story is. And not like third person kind of style as in old games. Story is that good, you can watch it as a movie or something from Youtube. So you fighting actually make sense. Also story mode is a good way to know your way around all characters.Second this game has lot of side activities if you finished the game and don't like playing online. There are some mini games, challange tower with lots of activities and also there is a krypt that you have to earn kombat points to collect stuff like character pics, concept arts, alternate fatalities and costumes (I don't think they are useful in this version because they were all open from begining). So after you finish story mode, you still have lots to collect and while you are doing it, you won't get bored.Last but not least, game is really easy to adapt (but hard to master I think) so any newcomer can learn the basics easily. There are wide options as difficulties, you can start from beginner all the way to nightmare. Game also has really nice tutorials and stuff, so it could be a good way to get in the fighting games. Graphics and gameplay are also a plus. Even with the worst graphics you can see the beauty in it.In conclusion, if you haven't played MK yet, this one is a perfect way to start (cause it is a kinda reboot). If you are a longtime fan, I know you already got it. It is great to be able play a MK game on PC (They didn't release the last few games on PC). So have fun as you have it."
,Recommended,237110,24958302,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TehKaoZ,Cannot stand how poorly the cinematics are rendered; since they are pre-recorded your hardware makes no difference to quality. That being said I enjoyed the reboot and story even if I was never particularly good at fighting games.
76561198011484192,Recommended,237110,23474529,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[SF] Jaydo,"NOTE: I did not play much of the story mode.The number one problem I think this game has is that there is no normal single fight mode in single player. You either have to climb the standard MK tower of fighters or play the weird ""test your luck"" mode. The mode seems so logical that the fact that it does not exist but the more complex versions of it do exist is so weird. Single player campaign does not allow you to choose your player, which is not the way most people play MK. People usually pick a few favorites and and stick to them. Also, so far I have not been able to find anyone online to play with. So in the end, the primary function of this game has been to provide co-op with my family (and I think I had to mod the game to enable that). The fighting and the fatalities are fun. Only recommended if you know what you want out of it."
,Not Recommended,237110,8279742,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,L0YD,"Can't recommend PC version of this great game,netcode was a mess in consoles too, but on PC it went to the point it's unplayable in multiplayer (google or youtube for ""MK9 PC slowmo""), singleplayer runs not bad, but still there's issues.Worst part of it, WB could patch it, but they never did, and since both WB and NetherRealm moved to Injustice, chances PC version getting patch is very low."
76561198090785454,Recommended,237110,30561417,Posted: 16 March,all,GᗩᖇᖴYᑌᑎEᒪ,"Hands down favourite fighting game ever, my favourite game to kick out when a friend is over cause of its arcade game style. lots of content, a game made to be replayed. GOOOOOREEEE AND MOAR GOOOORE!!! It's really addicting sometimes.. However just be warned that you might have a broken monitor, keyboard or controller by the end of this game.. Hehe.. If you're a big fan of fighting games, or just want a good classic game to bring out when a friend is over. This is for you."
,Recommended,237110,27354898,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ansuzgardaraivo,Mortal Kombat with good story mode. How weird is that?
,Recommended,237110,13160402,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dmitry Odd,The most beloved game of the childhood! Playing Mortal Kombat I remember former days as a feather a blast furnace Sega & Dendy lies sitting at the old TV.
,Recommended,237110,6860028,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,David King,"Já tinha esse game pra PS3 e assim que fiquei sabendo que ele viria para a Steam, guardei a grana pra comprá-lo. Jogo perfeito e que leva a franquia do MK pro topo novamente, Fatality's muito violentos e muito sangue voando pra todo lado! Fiz 100% na versão pra PS3 e quero fazer 100% nessa versão pra PC também! O que me deixou triste com o MK9 da Steam foi os imensos bugs que ele trouxe não só os que já tinham na versão pra console quanto mais bugs que se formaram nessa versão pra PC. o Online é altamente lagado para algumas pessoas, problemas de slow motion, queda de conexão com o jogo em alguns momentos.. Enfim, tudo isso pode ser resolvido com atualizações futuras que eu espero que aconteça. Fora isso, é simplesmente um dos melhores jogos de luta já feitos (Vale lembrar que esses bugs não são para todos os usuários. Eu já consegui jogar perfeitamente online com várias pessoas, só com algumas que acontece todos esses problemas chatinhos.) Se você é fã de jogos de luta, você precisa comprar esse Mortal Kombat, que é dito por muitos jogadores como sendo o melhor Mortal Kombat de todos os tempos!------------------------------~ NOTA: 9,6------------------------------"
,Recommended,237110,7979269,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Joe,"One of the best fighting games I've ever seen. The controls are easy and responsive, great graphics, almost infinite replay.And now the best is historically counted, and each character also has its unique characteristics. I mean, there is no yellow Sub-Zeros now ...Highly recommend it to everyone, and challenge everyone to face me on the game.09/10"
,Recommended,237110,22897417,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NotSoWeeb,"------------------------------------Thats how you enter multiplayer and get rekt by top guy-------------------------------Start Mortal Kombat.Join multiplayerChallenge someoneStart the gameChoose your favourite charecterGame is started.3,2,1 FIGHTYou blinkAnd then you see that you are dead."
,Recommended,237110,8843386,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,MoDuL,"As a true fan of Mortal Kombat Arcade series back in the 90's i have to say that I am impressed for the progress of the Title.As far as the storyline it's really amazing. It uncovers you the story behind most of characters but also leaves a great blank spot for others, or next title.The single player is fine, local matches with friends can get you endless joy but that's it.Online playing is garbage.Except region lock even with a descent connection you can't have a descent match.Many problems found on this title, most are in the game discussions some are not.Game save corruptions, statistics corruptions, incompabilities with great cards (which cause fps drop downs).The true problem of the game? you buy it as is and it will not evolve no updates will ever come.I bought it because i loved playing MK back in my childhood, no other reason and i'm not satisfied."
,Recommended,237110,25265612,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Salamando,"I always preferred Mortal Kombat to other fighting games. I also love time travel and looking at events from different perspectives.A re-telling of the three original games, the story moves along at a pace and alters just enough of the original timeline to retain interest. I'm by no means a fighting game expert, but the mechanics felt solid and (apart from the final boss) the AI never felt cheap or like it was cheating.The soundtrack is great and the 'Challenge Tower' offers hundreds of fighting puzzles to solve.Multiplayer over the internet is unplayable, get it if you like the MK fighting style and have an interest in MK lore."
76561198068587166,Recommended,237110,10970797,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DuskSculptor,"Pros:-Very engaging story mode that is unlike most fightings games, the story lets you play as various characters as it unfolds.-The character cast is very diverse and has many options to choose from while not too overwhelming-The system for the most part if fairly balanced with the exception of certains characters (Kabal, Cyrax, and a few others)-Fun extra modes like challenge mode will have you playing for hours after the storyCons:-The netcoding for this game is terrible and dropping games is a huge issue.  Lag is extremely bad!-The training mode is lackluster and offers only the bare minimum-Very few players can be found only who play this game because of the terrible online issues that this game has-For you achievement hunters out there... this game has some terrible online achievements that are damn near impossible...Overall, if you have a friend who is willing to play with you and you can play with one another then I would suggest picking this game up for under $5.  I personally would not have paid more than $10 for this game because of the extremely poor online experience.  The lag is anywhere from a quarter of a second delay to a full second of delay.  Dropping games is a huge issue and is damn near impossible to avoid.  Nether Realms has since stopped supporting this game and has abandoned all works on this one as the new one will be coming out with MKX so don't bother buying this if it is more than $10.And no, I would not buy this game for more than $5 for just the story and challenge towers, but then again, I under estimated how troublesome online play was."
,Recommended,237110,24523906,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Prodigy,"As a huge fan of Mortal Kombat, I consider this to be the best game in the series."
76561198152481416,Recommended,237110,33524708,Posted: 13 July,all,bystandah,"Prior to playing MKKE, the last game in the series that I played was MK Trilogy. As much as i liked that one, it has been replaced by this version as my top favorite in the series. To me, it was nice to see what has been added to the game since I last played years ago. It was great, though, to see the basics hadn't changed either. Uppercuts are still powerful, combos are still existent(hell, they're easier on here than in MK3 IMO), among other things. I picked this one up during a sale just to try it out. Definitely glad I did."
,Recommended,237110,29117694,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"A brand new MK for a brand new generation.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7p96uS9roYSure, MKX is out now and I'm sure there's plenty more around the corner, but there are a lot of great features in this one such as x-ray moves, far too much gore, and Freddy Krueger!  Very fun stuff overall.  Really, the only thing I can truly complain about is the single player story doesn't actually let you play through with whatever kombatant you want, instead opting to switch you from person to person throughout the story.  Still fun, but that's an oddity."
,Recommended,237110,32893043,Posted: 27 June,all,Xymjak,"Not enough green cyborgs, 12 out of 13."
,Recommended,237110,10341802,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,chowder908,Blood.
,Recommended,237110,14607820,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ratc00n,"Good game, had it on PS3, problem is Netcode, but it works better now, than back then. Also the story is changed from the MK,MKII,MKIII,MKIV,MKDA, MKD, MKA. Wait now I just counted the damn games, where in the hell is eight, and why the hell is this the 9 game, not unless they cound shaolin monks, but c'mon I Guess, but anyway if just starting or know most of the story, Get this game, because the story is worth it."
,Recommended,237110,7862807,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Signor007,So far best fighting game on PC.
,Recommended,237110,33326593,Posted: 6 July,all,DanklyDavid,"If you enjoy the mortal kombat series or any other similar fighting game you will most likely enjoy this game, I would recommend it."
76561198053933392,Recommended,237110,25198812,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,PurplePony,"I am aware that the day 1 PC version of this game was horrible. I just got it long after that and honestly it works very well, unlike Mortal Kombat X. It is also fun. I am not the biggest Mortal Kombat fan to put it lightly, but this is a good fighting game and the best the series has to offer along with Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3. Unlike Mortal Kombat X not only is it functional but also has all its DLC in one package! Have fun tearing your friends apart, just do not expect any online matches. They are so hard to get that I can't tell you how good or bad the netcode is on PC."
,Recommended,237110,34031907,Posted: 4 August,all,Skywarp,"The best Mortal Kombat game ever. It's the closest to the original Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3. Ah, memories."
,Recommended,237110,34091724,Posted: 7 August,all,Foxtrot_Uniform_Kilo_0000,Its mortal kombat and it rules! All hail Ed boon!! You the man son!
76561198147272973,Recommended,237110,33781813,Posted: 25 July,all,HawkEye,"Good graphics , good gameplay ! I recommend it for the story mode aswell."
,Recommended,237110,31829082,Posted: 18 May,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,MKX is better in everyway but this is still worth getting
76561198089052394,Recommended,237110,20180018,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Mortal Kombat  9		* 9/10I really enjoyed this Chapter. I still miss the smooth controls of the old MK4, but I believe I'm the only one around here. Anyways:+++Pros+++- Story Mode Is possibly the best thing so far. It gives a nice depth to the game by giving you a reason and background to the characters.- The characters. A hell of a lot of characters to play with from the first 3 chapters. Few characters are missing, but I really enjoyed the roster anyways.- X-rays. 'Nuff Said XD- A hell of a lot of moves and combos- The Tower Challenge. I spent a lot of time and nerves trying to complete the 300 challenges. Unfotunately I stopped around 250, anyways it kept me playing longer than I expected.- The Krypt unlocking system. Lots of interesting things, useless stuff, alternative costumes and so on to be unlocked with internal game credits (so there's no actual need to buy anything)... Except for the Classic Ninjas Costumes... :(---Cons---- I can understand that you can't play as Shao Kahn, But At least Goro And Kintaro could have been playable... Maybe not easily unlockable... maybe DLC... whatever...- I can make the effort to understand that you can't play as Shao Kahn, Goro Or Kintaro... But seeing Motaro in the background and never fighting him... -.-- Too many moves and combos... XD- Call me noob, but In my opinion the tower challenge was supposed offer increasingly difficult challenges while keeping the AI difficulty settings, instead of constantly increasing the AI difficulty regardless of your own game settings... But maybe I'm just a noob...  :)"
,Not Recommended,237110,7788610,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,INVICTUS,"Well, visually it looks good.  The problem here is that the game is truly broken.  In many cases the game runs in slow motion throughout all the fights, which throws the sound off, and makes the game generally annoying.  It becomes obvious very quickly that this is a console port.  I love the console version with all my heart, but the bugs, sadly, make the PC version unplayable.  The developers have said that they have no intent to release a patch to fix it.I give this game 1/5 severed heads, and the only reason it gets that one is because it was good on another platform.  Sorry Netherrealm, you dun goof'd."
76561198060370547,Recommended,237110,10677674,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jamesi,"A very pretty game aswell for being bloody. the combat is satisfying in many ways, controls are easy when you get the feel.Has great audio aswell. like when you smash their skull you can hear the satisfying cracks and cries, also has a veriety of warriors to choose from and all with their special fighting style and abilities.highly reccomend for those who want a pretty and bloody Fighting game because MK seems to rock the others i've ever seen."
,Recommended,237110,8180922,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Land Where Sympathy is Air,Killing Shao Kahn is a thing every person must do. At least once. A day.
76561198129223051,Recommended,237110,22883616,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cyberical,Its good
,Recommended,237110,7224781,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Bella,"Raptures cause X-ray- attack and cult "" fatalities."" With the latter 's simple - a classic brutal killings : beheading , tearing in half lengthwise and crosswise , flaying , tearing of internal organs. Usually fighters to use their crown finishing tricks and equipment. Kun Lao hat wielding sharp as a saw , Sub-Zero tormented frozen opponent Scorpio hangs victim using the ""snake"" and the two portals . Plus, at some locations you can throw your opponent into the acid or spikes, push a car or train , dip into the lava face or to feed carnivorous tree. "" Fatality "" - a usual thing for Mortal Kombat, can not be said about the much-touted "" X "" strikes . In the course of the fight both duelists filled with special scale with three divisions . At the peak they have access to a powerful and beautiful attack. Ermak throws the enemy head on the ground and then jumping on the body lying , breaking ribs ; Kitana drives folded fan in the head and orbit accident ; Johnny Cage makes chop groin enemy ; Stryker and so generally applied to the opponent's head with a flashlight , baton ( with chilling ringing ) and stun . And we see every fracture rushing muscles and flying teeth. I bet at least one of the X-ray Upchuck "" ooh "" from your grudi.Pyat years ago it was hard to believe that a series of Mortal Kombat will blossom again and even more so this will be a blockbuster . Good graphics , fun and not too tricky gameplay, wonderful pile modes , known since childhood names - it seems the developers have collected old rake and locked them in a shed at the castle. A little more effort - and who knows, if the new saga eclipse 16 -bit ancestors?"
,Recommended,237110,7892026,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SkullZ0MBIE,"Wow what a Game! Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition on Steam. A must have! If you grew up playing this Game back in the Day! Then you already have this Game! Find it on Sale, Buy it, Enjoy it with your Friends! 2 thumbs Up!"
,Recommended,237110,29509115,Posted: 26 January,all,sneakyguy1,Ayyeee! who wanna play mortal kombat?? I had this on ps3. solid fighter. thumbs up bruh
,Recommended,237110,35362613,Posted: 30 September,all,supreme minecraft gamer,if you dont play this game i will cut you
,Recommended,237110,7822668,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,The Classy Cat,"Rarely one of the great fighting games you can play on PC. Fast gameplay, nice graphics and cool story for a fighting game gives it an advantage over its competitors. I can say this game is one of the games that is easy to learn but hard to master. Not to mention its history until today was remarkable since the first Mortal Kombat was out in 1995 this game mixes the old 2D fighting with current technology which makes it a must-buy if you're a MK fan. Also a great way to kill some time even if you're not a fan of the series. It's always fun to bash the skull of your friend that ate the last slice of that ♥♥♥♥in pizza.(Oh and the only bad thing about this game is its Online. Don't play online if you don't trust your connection.)"
76561198044917795,Recommended,237110,34749630,Posted: 4 September,all,Pale Caesar,"Great game, arguably better than MKX. This title really reinvigorated the series. Gameplay is solid, graphics look good, and this implemented a number of new features both to the series and fighting games as a whole. The x-ray specials are fantastic, cringe worthy and satisfying. The fatalities are awesome, and the cast of characters is great. This game also came with a story mode, that set a high bar for fighting game storylines that, I feel, not even MKX could match.As an added bonus, this game came out before the gamergate/SJW♥♥♥♥♥♥happened and started ♥♥♥♥ing with video game female designs, so the women are pleasing to look at, unlike MKX.This game is only surpassed by the sequel in graphics, and SOME (not all) fatalities."
,Recommended,237110,2063852,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Molly,"Sencillamente IMPRESIONANTE este juego, al avanzar pelea por pelea te vas compenetrando cada vez mas (en el modo historia), y la calidad es terrible, la personalidad de cada peleador muy bien definida, y los movimientos de cada peleador tambien, estan todos tan buenos que te dan ganas de aprender a jugar con todos los luchadores, un juego ALTISIMAMENTE recomendado. Si sos de la old school como yo (mi primer video juego fue el MK1 de ARCADE) este juego te va a volver a llevar a los origenes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198120675978,Not Recommended,237110,10254703,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TAJ.Banehallow,"i downloaded it, than it cant lauch at all... system requirement is good but  dunno why i cant lauch this game.. pls help"
,Recommended,237110,7745887,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,impress1ve,One of the best fighting game series of all time.
,Recommended,237110,15319118,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MAN'S NOT HOT,"boobs jiggle, 10/10"
,Recommended,237110,8502711,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KoBapeH,best game ever!
76561198160966675,Recommended,237110,18833180,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lee Ewerett,I love  MK!! COOL!!!
,Recommended,237110,16033772,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,XxPhantomMenacexX,"Unique fighter game,and a very unique one of the MK franchise"
,Recommended,237110,33245272,Posted: 4 July,all,PBreezy0100,good well fighting game one of the best mk series games
,Not Recommended,237110,12255007,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,⛧Ｋ４Ｙ２＄０⛧,won't even launch.waste of money
,Not Recommended,237110,11830578,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Shimshar,"Unplayable without controller, pretty cool otherwise though i didn't get much out of it personally.Multiplayer (online at least) does not work. At all.Some might enjoy it, I just didn't."
,Recommended,237110,34521637,Posted: 26 August,all,Nicholas,"One of the best games in the franchise, this kind of feels like an ""Ultimate Mortal Kombat"" release because there's just so much content.It essentially rebuilds MK1/MK2/UMK3 into one new package, and the story mode reflects this as it essentially moves through each of these era's during the narrative. The main annoyance with story mode is the unskippable cutscenes, which on occassion can be very long, and you have to wait through them even if you just want to quit back to the main menu.The challenge ladder in the game is great, it essentially just throws a whole bunch of unique combat scenarios at you, and throws in some ""test your might challenges"" mixed in as well. Finally the Krypt has a ton of unlockable content, and an area where you can view each character model, their alternate uniforms, and your stats with that character.I probably can't say enough about just how complete of a game this feels like, really feels like good genuine fan service for fans of the original MK games, but at the same time still making sure its not stuck in the past either by bringing a new story mode structure and some inventive challenges."
76561198078636601,Recommended,237110,35119473,Posted: 21 September,all,Cybron Vaughan,"Awesome. Took back the goodness on MK franchise. Violence is back, definitively!!!I'm can't stop play this game until I platinate it!"
76561198297097050,Recommended,237110,35399846,Posted: 1 October,all,juankill,"The multiplayer is dead, but it's still a good game,"
,Recommended,237110,5515401,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,DjGanja90,"Не хватает слов, чтобы выразить ОГРОМНУЮ благодарность за порт на ПК в адрес разработчиков! Да и, соответственно, за саму игру, которую можно смело назвать ШЕДЕВРОМ! Не смотря на то, что многие события в данной игре, являются пересказом событий классической трилогии, данная игра оставляет мощный след в памяти! Уверен, что большинство игроков старой школы не вдумывались в сюжет классики и играли только лишь ради ""МАХАЧА""! Здесь же наблюдать за ходом событий одно удовольствие и нововведения в сюжетной линии порой даже радовали больше, чем огорчали! Все те же знакомые лица бойцов! Все тот же ""FINISH HIM!"" И всё-всё-всё, что засело в моей голове, после многих часов, проведенных возле телевизора, играя в SEGA! Единственный минус - несколько упрощенная система боя и порой не хватает того самого хардкора, для выполнения определенного ""удара"". А так игра на высоте! (9.99 из 10.0)"
,Recommended,237110,8712260,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Warrior,"This is a great game, it’s insanely fun and it’s awesome. This is probably the best fighting game I have ever played. 9/10"
76561198052059792,Recommended,237110,10600493,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cau,Grate story but the multiplayer sucks it lags and usualy noone is there to play
76561198138755219,Recommended,237110,10520441,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Simik,this game is simply a masterpiece
,Recommended,237110,12208624,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Joy Lane,"Good game. Really fun. The x-ray attacks are pretty neat. Story mode will give you several hours of entertainment. If you are looking to buy this, ignore the fact that it has multiplayer. Nobody plays multiplayer. Literally zero people. I don't know how that happened, but keep it in mind."
,Recommended,237110,9351595,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Motörcat,"Blood, boobs, breaking bones, fights, explosions, boobs, martial arts, combos, fatalities, and boobs. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,237110,8567013,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cani Terrae,"Absolutely do not listen to the few low reviews of this game that say it doesn't have a story or misogynizes women.   Or, you know, do; you have free will.However; this fighting game is one of the best I've ever played; on par with Soul Caliber and Virtua Fighter.  It is the best of the MK series that I have seen, and I've seen them all.Misogynistic?  Any game in which a woman can eviscerate a man and rip him asunder, limb from limb, seems fairly pro-suffragist to me.  Do they show too much breast?  Maybe, but they show a lot of Liu Kang's chest.  You never hear people call that sexist; objectifying the man.  So, if the test of universality fails, I think you can pretty safely disregard the 'sexist' slur.As for having no story, have these reviewers every played Tekken?  Maybe Virtua Fighter?  Soul Caliber?  Most fighters have absolutely no attempt to even try to have a story.  Mortal Kombat, out of all fighting games, seems to stand brightest in its mythology and background.Is it a deep story?  No.  Is it cliche?  A bit.  Is it there, do they try, do they give it a unique flavor?  Yes, yes, and yes!In short, buy this game if you like fighters with blood, gore, violence, and sexy people; man and woman."
,Recommended,237110,9739011,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Target Practice®,I frove a guys stomach....Twise.......Inspontaniously........10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,237110,6123405,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Prizrak129,Детство возвращается
,Recommended,237110,11648158,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Gaming Emperor,"Such an awesome game, and very addictive. A great edition to the Mortal Kombat universe and my libary"
,Recommended,237110,7320981,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Khaine,"Bringing a new meaning to a brutal fighting game, the most recent Mortal Kombat game surpasses all of it's predecessors by miles.An unforgiving and exhilarating game with some of the finest combats and combatants you will ever see. 10/10,"
76561197976673421,Recommended,237110,7917714,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Cambuurrinse,this is a nice game. its also doable as 1vs1 online
,Recommended,237110,10376833,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,nnxyph #Averia-Media,Pretty awesome Fighting game 5/5
,Recommended,237110,7575376,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Vandheer,"Всё было сказано до нас - ""тот самый"" тёплый и ламповый мортик ""со слоном"". Думаю все те, кто как и я играл в детстве все мортики на приставке очень редко к ним возвращались - всегда стояла жесткая проблема найти второго игрока. Здесь благодаря онлайну данная проблема решена. Да, мк9 совсем не глубокий файтинг - боевая система здесь очень простая, нет никаких заморочек как в Стрит Файтере или КоФе, но именно этим он и подкупает. Машить буттоны здесь весело и задорно, и не надо забивать себе голову монстроузными приемами вроде ""2 раза полукруг от назад до перёд во время канселя в воздухе"". И да, есть что-то незыблемо приятное в блокировании отдельной кнопкой )"
,Recommended,237110,19167537,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sand Tan,My friends don't want to play against me anymore after they got the♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked outta them in co-op :3
,Recommended,237110,13757844,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"Pros :+ Best Mortal Kombat series for me+ Really nice graphics compared to other Mortal Kombats+ Better characters designs and brings back most of the classic design+ Really cool combos animation and combination+ Extremely challenging,beginner AIs are not as dumb as they were supposed to be+ Best fighting game with a really beautiful graphicsCons :- Illogical,dumb,unrealistic,idiotic,poorly written single player story.I think they made the story in 5 minutes without making any storyline or script.- No more open world side missions- I know I am not good at playing fighting games,but the AI is too hard for me.It took 5 retries to win in a 2v1 battle.- Confusing controls if you use keyboards,I had a hard time releasing the combos- Heavily imbalanced Single Player battles, lots of 2v1- I saw a lot of complaints about how hard it is to defeat the last boss,Shao Khan.If you want to play this game,I suggest you get a controller first.Keyboards aren't meant to be compatible with fighting games.The single player maybe too hard to beat for me,but I had fun with just classic fighting arcade with no story.What made me didn't recommend this was the single player story.It is too dreadful to be ignored and it ruins the game,because I was looking forward for the single player.The story is a complete piece of trash with no storyline."
,Recommended,237110,27242416,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_y03_,"This game makes me want to go back to MK franchise since MK3.Gameplay back to 2D or in modern term called 2.5D. I dont know if its copy the formula of SF4's success to come back to the original gameplay with no switch stand and weapon and no 3D gameplay like in the MK1,2,3. This formula used by SF4 to come back to SF2 gameplay.Oh dont forget about the story too. Its like a summary yet an alternative of the first 3 game.In the end, this game is recommended to throw away stress and enjoy the bloody action performance."
,Recommended,237110,18226759,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,xXWilDXx,"One of the best fighting games out there, yet it lacks of replayability and multiplayer effectiveness. (6/10) Overall.I recommend Mortal Kombat X.Storyline - Intresting and fun to play but lack of replayability (6/10)Graphics - Colourful , Weather Effects , Beautiful Areas , Well made character models (6/10)Characters - Around 15 if I'm not mistaken, plux 5 more with the update.Many moves to learn, combos, finishing moves.. You can even change their outfits (7/10)Combat - Fluent combat , chain combos, learn all your fav char moves by looking in the ""Moves List"". (7/10)Multiplayer - Ranked matches , Player matches ,King Of The Hill match. Can get you busy if you're playing with friends, even tho there is NO coop at all and when I say ""busy"" I mean for atleast 3-4 hours max each day. (4/10)Replayability - Only while playing ladders (tournaments). Or playing with friends over multiplayer. (3/5)Enjoyment - It is fun but I'm not feeling it after few hours of gametime. (2/5)Frustration - Getting kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥by 3000/1000 (win/lose) stats players in Player Matches.And also this game NEEDS co-op. (3.5/5)"
,Recommended,237110,11535545,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hypnosis(Tech),Amazing game!
76561198061309837,Recommended,237110,11999633,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,wowleon,"First of all MK is a reference and a pillar in fighting games. It is the Godfather of combo building skills. If you want to take your rage onto an enemy this is the game to do it. Plenty of characters to choose from with lots of details. The gameplay is smooth including a training (as a tutorial) for newbees also.The graphics and visuals are very good providing lots of gore and blood. Besides the awesome fatalities now you have a special move as X Ray Move where you can see your oponent's insides through an X ray vision, as your character performes crazy hits (bashing skull, braking bones, injuring on major organs).Overall the game has plenty to offer: multyplayer online, special game modes and a cool story where you can find the background of each character. OUTSTANDIND ! MUAHAHAHAHA"
76561198151214777,Recommended,237110,23480732,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hentai-sama,"I like the story mode and singel play are pretty good, the online is really laggy and you´ll never find any matches.I´ll just recomend this game for you that want to know the backstory mortal kombat X."
76561198101410742,Recommended,237110,29043685,Posted: 5 January,all,Ice Cream and Candy Cake,"If you are into arcade classics,keyboard/joypad mashing,rage inducing but still having good time at spare time,this game is for you then.Bought it on sale and so far i didn't regret it.10/10"
,Recommended,237110,1596190,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Grufrin,FINALLY!
,Recommended,237110,7745740,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CM Mackem,"Story - 7/10 Very poor cutscene quality and above average storyPresentation - 8/10 Beautiful menus, great introduction to the series and extremely helpful tutorial gets you in the groove within no time.Gameplay – 9/10 Brilliant brutal gameplay.Controls - 10/10 Precise and responsive controls, plays well with beginners through to advanced.Multiplayer – 2/10 Virtually non-existent but can still invite and play friends. Some major lag no matter how fast your internet speeds(Poor netcode)Sound – 9/10 Brilliant! You feel every slice and visceral splat of flesh. New and classic tunes present.Graphics - 7/10 Above average console fair.8/10 Must Buy or buy on at least 20% Off sale."
76561197996878985,Recommended,237110,30625128,Posted: 19 March,all,sly19,"The 9th game of MK series called simply Mortal Kombat is nothing else but a reboot of the first 3 games which does not ignore previous titles as most reboots normally do but cleverly uses time travel in its story to replay those 3 MK titles as 1 game using today's technology. Of course to keep things a bit fresh there are some changes to the plot creating alternate time line. As the game goes back to its roots we have 3D graphics in 2D perspective. You could say it is the good old but augmented Mortal Kombat 1, 2 & 3 taking the best from the series. Story mode is probably one of the best aspects of it because this time you are not just playing the game but rather watching interactive film with many characters and there are plenty. Also you get a chance fight on every arena present in the old trilogy. As previously every fighter apart from basic moves has a list of special attacks and 2 fatalities plus stage fatality. What's new in the game is energy bar for each player that fills itself during the fight split into 3 parts. The 1st gives possibility to break your opponent's combo, when 2 parts are full you can use it for enhanced special move and lastly once 3 parts of the bar are full you can perform x-ray move which is something completely new in fighting (or any) game. Basically your fighter unleashes a very strong brutal attack which damages internal organs or bones which takes almost half of opponent's health. All in all I do not think there is anything which I did not like about this game. Perhaps if I wanted to nitpick then I could say there is no music from MK The movie which I really like or that I always wanted to see Robin Shou in the game as Liu Kang or Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa as Shang Tsung. But as I wrote earlier I that would really be just nitpicking (in its purest form). Instead I will say - this is exactly what I wanted the next MK game to be and strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,237110,3943009,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Chicken Joe,"It's a good fighting game. I personally like it more than the flashy Capcom fighters, but that's just me. If you want a fighting game with an easy learning curve, this game should be pretty enjoyable."
,Recommended,237110,6712453,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,DONDOMAN,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ННАЯ ИГРА ЖДАЛ ЕЁ 3 ГОДА АААА ПОКУПАЙТЕ НЕ ПОЖАЛЕЕТЕ!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,10489944,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Dranged,"Brings back memories of being 7 years old, eating tony's pizza while ripping another mans head off only to display his spinal cord dripping with his blood. *This Pizza Needs more sauce*Not to mention back with some stunning and awesome new features! yet it still contains the same old grotesque fatalities revamped and better than ever. I never thought they could revive the old Mortal Kombat and keep it fresh and up to date. But like Johnny Cage they surprised me like a punch to the nuts.. So ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.As scorpion would say, ""GET OVER HERE!"" Because if your a fan of the old school Mortal Kombat and have not yet picked up this game. You must have already met Kano cause you have no heart.So, what should we do besides standing around looking pretty?Play some Mortal Kombat""Yeah! Throw THAT on your... barbie... shrimp..."" -Johnny Cage"
76561198289640809,Recommended,237110,23041724,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kanon_musti,10/10
,Recommended,237110,6481033,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,tolko ne eto,"Го драка, я создал :D"
76561198149727563,Recommended,237110,17077738,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GrumpyMonkZ,"time to edit my review for mk9. I did find out how to get the game working and it has worked for my other friends aswwellthe fixWhat ur gunna wanna do is hold the windows flag key on ur keyboard and press r at the same time wich should bring up run, then u type in appdata and it should come up with 3 folders : local locallow and roaming then click roaming, then delete the MKE folder and it should work and u need to do that everytime u play.now for the reviewmortal kombat has been my favourite franchises in the fighting genre. I played mk1 on XBLA in 2010 and i tried out every game by buying it online and really loved it so i bought this on sale and the error did ruin my taste for it but it soon made up when i finnally played it after finding the fix. I still havent got mkx but will be getting on ps4 tommorow. I really love the way this specific game has been set out and there was some frustrating parts ESPECIALLY the shao khan parts (ladder and story mode), but it made it better after i beat him. The gruesomeness is just not good enough for me though but the badassness of the skorpion fatalities was just plain amazing. Its is COMPULSORY to have a controller unless ur the best keyboard fighter as the fighting is impossible. The test ur luck is very interesting especially with the 7 slots. I wish it had variations for characters just like mkx. One thing they need in all mk games was the create a fighter from mk armageddon which i really enjoyed.The chracters are really cool though like skorpion, sub zero and kung lao. I dont really find stryker that amazing but if u wanna be cheap which is the only way to beat shao khan then chose him but  reccomend raiden as u can just teleport uppercut over and over to beat him.PROS-great fighting-great fatalities-skorpion-good if u want a balanced fight and a tense one A.K.A expert mode-really fun-amazing fighting-fun overallCONS-shao khans cheapness-online private match dont work but glad to see u can sometimes get a fight but still a con-startup error that i showed how to fix at the top-not enough fighters still-cant be gorooverall i can still recommend this above all the flawsi would give this altogether an 9.1/10thanks for reading and hopefully my fix worked ;D"
,Not Recommended,237110,8676878,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Switch,I bought this game to play with a friend...sadly the laggy fighting in game was a struggle.If you are looking for a game to play singleplayer and maybe in the future multiplayer then this is obviously for you
,Not Recommended,237110,8675910,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,forzenk,"hey i just bought mortal kombat and when it was installed i clicked played and did absoluety NOTHING, it wouldn't open it will just stay on the desktop"
76561197991919198,Recommended,237110,26128845,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,elder scrotem ThaiRim,"I haven't played these types of fighting games in a long time so it took some getting used to again.I don't know if it's just me or is using the xbox 360 controller hard to execute combo's / links & stuff.Over all i found the game fun to play & relive some old maps from previous editions.Initially i didn't bother to do the tutorial which was a mistake & i recommend doing it if you haven't played MK before or it's been a long time since you have.The graphics are pretty good in fights but the cgi looks worse to my eyes.The game is a blast if you can get a bunch of friends together that aren't too far away & have a good connection.I find the tag team portion of the game hard to get used to but that is prolly due to my age.There is a LOT of stuff to unlock in this game so you will be playing this for many many hrs especially if you want most of the achievements.1 thing i found annoying was the women doing pelvic gyrations, come on, that's flatout LAME.Women in this game are way over sexualized for my liking & it's like watching 80's softcore porn.Overall i would give this a rating of 7/10 since i deducted a point for the over sexualized women.I am really enjoying this game & can't wait play more of it :)"
76561198199293337,Recommended,237110,17103676,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,masvel05,"Не знаю как 10 комбат ,но для моей машины он подходит . Бесит что достижкения в игре пропадают... И подтупливает контроллер когда хочешь выполнить несколько комбо.. Игроков в онлайн играют больше чем Injustice: Gods Among Us. Пускай я и спамер ,но лучше простыми ударами выиграть у монстров фатальных битв)) Да и еще бесит, то что нужно уменьшать настройки видео , что бы нормально биться в онлайн режиме ..Don't know how Kombat 10 ,but for my car it fits . Hate that dostijenija lost in the game... And a great controller when I want to perform a few combos.. Players online play more than Injustice: Gods Among Us. Let I and a spammer ,but it is better to simple beats to beat monsters fatal battles)) and hate the fact that you need to reduce the video settings that would normally fight in the online mode .."
,Recommended,237110,9077554,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,"Garry ""ATTACK"" Wheels","Mortal Kombat is a game all about combonations and player skill, the story is excellent even though the story is not needed. 8/10"
,Recommended,237110,8104896,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,#respect women,Buy that.Its fckn awesome game with more blood and good action ;)
,Recommended,237110,20273479,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Snake,"Obviously not as pretty as MK X but has a far better roster, if you like ninjas. If you don't like ninjas, you might be better off playing Street Fighter or King of Fighters.Really, though, the game is quite fun."
76561198062074277,Recommended,237110,9665675,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,KalumBaruZ,GET OVER HERE! ^_^
76561198032842695,Recommended,237110,32200026,Posted: 5 June,all,TLTS,the final boss is seriuslly HARD man...anyway i enjoy this
76561198105189134,Recommended,237110,13613631,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Night Shadow,It wont open.
,Recommended,237110,8415310,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Klash,Maybe the best MK to date?!? Maybe...?!? :D
76561198009480953,Recommended,237110,8134752,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,AndyLau,It's official! This game DOES NOT suck!
,Recommended,237110,15883105,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Stanisław,Rly gut gaem its haev hard campaing and gut towers.
,Recommended,237110,9671951,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,DiNNiK,Test Your Might
,Recommended,237110,10465931,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BZKING,I got to fight a naked chick
76561198038601244,Recommended,237110,15267142,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,LiquidRanger,"This is probably one of the best mortal Kombats in a long time. While it brings back the story of the original story with updated graphics, it still brings a new feel to it. Their are those characters that are still op *cough* Noob *cough* it had an overall good character playstyle. I can't wait for the new one to come out, i will be playing this one in the mean time"
76561197979715559,Recommended,237110,13646112,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mezzanine,Best Fighting Game Ever!
,Recommended,237110,13715823,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lük,"Apparently, like so many online fighting games ported to PC I hear it suffers from various ""NetCode"" issues. Luckily none of that really matters to me as the game is packed with enough single player content to keep one busy for a solid 14-20 hours."
,Recommended,237110,10712129,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fawnance,"Awesome game! In my opinion the best fighting game ever. The system is relatively easy to learn and difficult to master, allowing for lots of gameplay. It's a wonderful party game, and I have spent lots of time around a tv with friends and this game.  The story is great, and brings back some nostalgia from the classics. The challenge tower is a new fun threat and throws all sorts of crazy and fun challenges at you. If you have never played it, I would say this game is a must have."
76561198062856452,Recommended,237110,10704672,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OpenMik2,Picked up some fighting tips from this game...Ripped off a mans arms in a bar fight10/10
,Recommended,237110,10464683,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Breeze,lots o' b00biez and lots o' blood.  10/10
,Recommended,237110,7909563,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,EDGE,让人印象深刻的格斗游戏！
,Recommended,237110,11458852,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,dmaxfield,"A fantastic game and reboot of the MK franchise finally gets the port it deserves on PC.  The original released version on PC was very slow and disappointing.  As of late July 2014, a new 955MB patch has made it run great even on my older gaming rig.  I still prefer PS3 for online multiplayer, but for graphics and local matches this is fantastic."
76561197993595117,Recommended,237110,15297449,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MCGellin,"Best MK since II. The story mode is basically a recap of all the previous MKs. Provides a great prequel to Mortal Kombat X. The company has a great formula starting in Injustice and carries over to this, Awesome story mode. Lots of unlockables. Best for the money fighter on the market."
,Recommended,237110,3796305,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,LIE USE DIE,"""GET OVER HERE!"""
,Recommended,237110,8611370,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,AModeratelyIntellectualGamer,WHEN RAIDEN USES ELECTRIC FLY HE SOUNDS LIKE A CHICKEN
,Recommended,237110,6065569,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,tiko3xtreme,Best Fighting Game ever :)
,Recommended,237110,14527310,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BEEP BEEP BEEP,"Do you know that feeling when you want something really, REALLY badly for a long time and can't get it for years? That was this game to me. I used to have dreams that i finally got an Xbox 360 and could play this game, only to wake up sadly. I actually wanted to get an Xbox 360 just for this game, but i never could. And then one day, years later, this game was on Steam and i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. 10/10. Seriously."
76561198063206210,Recommended,237110,10991591,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Adcock Supreme,"Fun game. gets pretty hard though, which is normal in MK. works a lot better with a controller."
76561198067562404,Recommended,237110,11161651,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Fat Pigeon,"By far one of the best mortal kombats yet, especially for a reboot"
,Recommended,237110,15298720,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,,10/10 killed to many people i think the FBI are at my house LOL XD
,Recommended,237110,10773216,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,xd skinhub.com,10/10xray'd a punch to the guch
,Recommended,237110,15773870,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Revolt,"Very very good REboot of franchise. You get a lot of kontent inkluding Freedy Kruger. Lots of kostumes, the krypt is great. Story is really well done and online somewhat works. Now though less and less people are playing. Get it on discount for local fights with friends and family. Gore and Violence is overrated ;) Buy it!"
76561198076613384,Recommended,237110,8566658,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Killerozz4life,"Pros:Awesome StoryFun Modes (Versus, Ladder, Test your sight, etc)Komplete Edition!Cons:Online Compatability(May have to change region or wait a long time for a match and still experience lag.)This is a must own game if you like brutality or should I say FATALITY!- 9.5/10"
,Recommended,237110,10456189,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,{T.WW} Delarosa Raksha,"This is 1 of my 1st games 1 played when it 1st came out then they made this 1. Love it and is a great game, really looking forward to the new 1 this year… just wish there was more people to multiplayer with"
76561198128423175,Recommended,237110,11574876,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,You,Gruesome but awesome!
76561198120296098,Recommended,237110,13172690,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jimmy Hopkins Delivers!,Awesome game :DAnd has the most epic theme song ever xD
76561198088202991,Recommended,237110,12161836,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,iРян,asdasd
76561198174532599,Recommended,237110,14179878,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CPCrayola,This game is fun . I really wanted it on XBox 360 but my system broke a few days after i got it on that platform . i can noticably see a graphics differnce ... I'm loving this game on PC . I can even use my xbox360 controller  thats a plus .
76561198068471336,Recommended,237110,14671939,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,IndeterminateAmountOfHell,"Hey, something enjoyable. Awesome. Too bad I suck at it.The Good-Nice graphicsIncredibly violent (For you sociopaths/sadists out there)Plenty of unlockablesEasy acquisition of currency for said unlockablesMultitude of characters, most with a story to tellDecent campaignFreddy Kreuger cameo~Animated boobs (Suck it, PayDay 2)The Bad-Difficult combo-based attacks (Like I said, I suck)Premise within said campaign mode is kinda weakPlot of campaign is rather predictableSeveral unplayable characters that'd be interesting to tryThe Ugly-""Shao Khanwins!""... x1042,346."
,Recommended,237110,14688043,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jumpboy,A very very good game good fighting only problem is with the online sometimes crashing out
,Recommended,237110,8543497,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,cass2292,"Prety mindless, but great waste of time."
,Recommended,237110,7872368,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Xtyn,"Well build game, good single player, really nice for multiplayer. Like the fact that it can be played in 4 on the same machine."
76561198030929072,Recommended,237110,7824232,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Revan1611,Old school mixed with new graphics.
76561198163148477,Recommended,237110,15347973,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,Yeah its great. I however am not great at it.
,Recommended,237110,10871969,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kost,mortal kombat komplete edition is a very good game.
,Recommended,237110,11127283,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Blue Shadow,"Good old gameplay, modern graphics,This version of mortal combat is back at its best when it comes to gameplay, back to my favorite 2d fighting game, yet using the graphics enabled by modern computing, bringing you blood, gore and flying guts in HD quality.Dont like this game? Well as Shao Kahn himself seys: It's official, You suck!"
,Recommended,237110,12223224,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ghost,amazing game with amazing characters.just great game.
76561197972697078,Recommended,237110,10337975,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CreA,Awesome
76561198015664408,Recommended,237110,10511445,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,davidmthekidd,"I grew up playing MK in the arcades during the mid 90s. This Reboot holds up VERY well, I love MK9. But this Port, the PC port took the visuals to a different level, Thanks to everyone who made this happen. A+++"
,Recommended,237110,10981960,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mah Boi Larold,"Blood, guts, gore... Yup, it's Mortal Kombat. The game that spawned ESRB. Still a great game. It's been around for so long and the devs have not failed me so far. It's a great game. However it does contain one large problem. It practically cannot run on laptops. I'm not saying it isn't optimized, I'm saying that it literally won't run. I had to go into the game configs multiple times to get the game running because of aspect ratio errors, and lack of video memory. However after I got this out of the way I was hooked. Honestly I don't think it's a game i can spend hundreds and hundreds of hours on (yeah CS, I'm talking to you), it's still a game to play with friends, or when you just need something new to immerse yourself in."
76561198032062594,Recommended,237110,10729642,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stefskate,m8 its gr8 i r8 8/8 it deserves no h8 it wont make you ir8 not a b8.
76561198022266545,Recommended,237110,10859711,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Excellent!!Having a ball playing through the normal arcade mode and very much like the refined combat controls as compared to the longer memory straining combos of old.Oh yea did I mention this has the best story mode of any fighting game in history!  Play through the story mode and prepared to be amazed.By far the best looking and playing MK of the franchise and I have played them all.Playing this on the PC is almost like a different game than playing on the old gen consoles (PS3 etc) so consider trying it on PC if you have not done so already.You get a load of goodies as extras in this release and if like me and buy this when on sale you get more than your moneys worth, in fact 10/10 for value.Jacko Rating8/10"
,Recommended,237110,10786352,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,S/ash,"After sinking countless hours on the Xbox 360 version, I had to pick this game up on PC. Game still holds up strong to be a very fleshed out, competitive fighting game. Literally hundreds of hours of content here with many many things to unlock if you're into unlocking things like alternate skins. A good handful of fighters to choose from with all their own strengths and weaknesses and varied playstyles with each one. My only gripe with the game is the online. I hear some people find matches no problem however on the other hand, I hear people who can never find people online to play with. In my experience, I've only found 1 person to play with and the match was plagued with network issues. Online mode is hit or miss. I suggest picking this game up with a friend if you're into playing online.8.5/10"
76561198111552482,Recommended,237110,10401330,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SwordGuru,11/10 it's ok
,Recommended,237110,11653469,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Ruby Da Cherry,"This game is really good, nothing beats the feeling of having a good friend come over to your house, only to have his head brutally crushed by having Scorpion's fist slam into it. I cannot wait for Mortal Kombat X, and other games to follow."
,Recommended,237110,6753916,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Di-Kusanagi,Simplesmente  um dos melhores jogos de luta ja feitos muito bom mesmo!!! vale cada centavo principalmente se estiver em promo :)
,Recommended,237110,15693932,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Woody Bobo,Awesome modern MK game in retro fashion.
76561198056529948,Recommended,237110,5978866,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Belfast,Me gusta <3
,Recommended,237110,3389362,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Anakin_DankWalker,Get over Here !!!
76561198006476640,Recommended,237110,12683226,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Morphy,"An excellent fighting game. From the same developers as Injustice, its another high quality experience. Excellent visuals, lengthy story mode, loads to unlock. Also has a massive challenge tower to while away the hours. Alongside Street Fighter IV as the top modern fighting game."
76561198008094390,Recommended,237110,8371690,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,njami,Game is simply awesome! :D
76561198043329805,Recommended,237110,7831335,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,NoxiousBass,Awesome fighting game! Well worth what you pay for :)
,Recommended,237110,9608326,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,X-LimbaSamedi™,"For who wants some fun hitting a face, make combos and make fatalities, a classic, you will have more fun :D"
,Recommended,237110,25282613,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ZEN Mode,"Mortal Kombat is a satisfying, brutal fighting game with a cheesy, but entertaining story mode that gives some background on the characters. The graphics are good, the controls feel snappy. Multiplayer is dead, sadly, so I didn't get a chance to try it, but I still thought the game was worth it.  (Just a heads up: The bossfight at the end is a b-itch to beat, I had to practice an entire day to get it)The game worked almost perfectly on Linux for me on wine with playonlinux, after some tweaking:-Make sure you have a working steam installation on playonlinux-Install the game with steam-Open playonlinux, go to configure, add the install the componentsvcrun2008andd3dx9_36-Make sure you are running wine in windows 7 version-open$WINEPREFIX/drive_c/$USERNAME/Application Data/MKKE/options.ini(where $WINEPREFIX is the name of your wineprefix containing steam and your mortal kombat install)-Configure this config file to the options you want, however, you must set the lineconfigured = trueand setmaxtexture = xxxxwhere xxxx is the amount of vram that your gpu has, for example 1024, 2048 etc.-Make the file read-only with this terminal command:# chmod a-x options.iniIf you follow these instructions, you should be able to get the game working. The only thing that didn't work was my controller which spazzed out in the menu, if I had it connected, but I actually prefer the keyboard controls anyway."
76561198106460726,Not Recommended,237110,18799159,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DTwentyDASHOne,"It won't work anymore, I got to play it for one hour, then I had to leave to go get lunch, and nowI cant play anymore"
,Recommended,237110,14546433,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,josckyy,FINISH HIMBRUTALITYFINISH HIMBRUTALITYFINISH HIMBRUTALITYFINISH HIMBRUTALITYFINISH HIMBRUTALITYFINISH HIMBRUTALITY
,Recommended,237110,7524343,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,crippknottick,"If you enjoyed the old school 2D Mortal Kombat games (MK, MK II, MK III, UMK III, & Trilogy) then you'll love this game. And it's because it IS the old school games, reinvented in 2.5D.All the basic and expected games modes are there as the old games. The new addition is the Story Mode, which plays out like MK through UMKIII in one, perfectly logical movie like format. Cut scenes are short so you won't wait long till your next fight. The Story Mode is what the Mortal Kombat Original Motion Picture (1995) could of been like.I highly recommend this to be the ultimate Mortal Kombat game you could ever own on PC."
,Recommended,237110,3139653,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Dmcybe,"this is a great mortal kombat i enjoy it a lot good conversion to pc, but wait for the patch to fixed the slo-mo gameplay. everyone is experiance it."
,Recommended,237110,11173033,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ScorpionBOSS,yes its  an amazing fighting game
,Recommended,237110,10354559,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,GunnerLord™,
76561198108323804,Recommended,237110,10733575,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hot Soup,2 Much Fun i just wish that the online servers would run just buy now please for your own good
76561198122823962,Recommended,237110,11018588,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Love Bug,"I wouldn't recommend playing this game with your parents around. Other than that, an amazing game!Online wasn't the greatest, but if you have a friend or something, than again, get it."
,Recommended,237110,16299531,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,snarr,MK9 or MKKE is a great reboot on a classic game series. It's affordable and is not too heavy on graphics for all of my fellow Intel Graphics noobs yet it has stunning visuals for 2011. This game is still relevant and my friends and I enjoy playing it. The online portion however is broken to the max. You can only play with another player through slow-connection lobbies that I found myself dropping in and out of often. Some days I would have no difficulties connecting and would not drop lobbies at all so the connection quality does vary. If you look past those difficulties it's a great game for the price and if you're looking to use a game controller (which this does support :] ) in any games this one is definitely worth a try.
,Recommended,237110,15149883,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sir Cow✎ #FAKE TAXI,I like the butts in this game 10/10 would butt again
,Recommended,237110,1683846,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Smiley,"Best of the Mortal Kombats I've played so far. Characters are varied in style, learning & mastering a character is much easier than in Armageddon (whcih was much easier than in Deception, but still not straightforward enough), graphics are GORGEOUS on PC and the new X-ray moves & fatalities are incredibly gruesome.This MK is also mo-capped (I don't think the previous ones were), so the fights feel a lot more smooth and not ""flinchy"" like the usual fighting game cliche.Overall, really recommended, especially for the nice discounts it's getting."
,Recommended,237110,15295222,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,LBCCrabFace,Waffles 90/10
76561198211036604,Recommended,237110,28669259,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,yos13,Great game . Let the battle begin
,Recommended,237110,2203667,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,NemCe,Simply best fighting game ever... yeah ♥♥♥♥ you street fighter fan boys!
,Recommended,237110,10347577,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Imophel,"Main Thoughts:What can I say that hasn't been said? MK9 is a MASTERPIECE, when it comes to care and respect, NetherRealm Studios has such care and respect for the source material here. There are reports of this port to the pc being faulty, well i am here to report that I have had NONE of the problems listed at all, it does take long to find someone online, but online gameplay is smooth and responsive, so let us begin.Gameplay:The gameplay in MK9 is damn near flawless, such there are exploits, but aren't their in every fighting game? The Kombat is brutal and fast paced, every character has their own special moves, combos and pop-ups which you will need to learn to properly ""juggle"" as many would call it, I can't find anything really anything to complain about here other then simple cheap exploits.Graphics:These graphics are some of the BEST in a fighting game, for 2011 these hold up, although I am running a i5 4670k and a AMD HD RADEON 29 280x, I can simply turn up the graphics and enjoy this♥♥♥♥♥♥at maxium settings, which are ♥♥♥♥ing great, fire does it swaying♥♥♥♥♥♥ water looks nice and ices feels like ice, even when you break it over someone's face as Sub-Zero.Story:This story is one of the BEST stories for a fighting game EVER, the dialogue is witty, funny and sharp, I won't spoil things, so I will sum it up without spoiling, MAJOR plot lines. Basically it takes place before the events of the last Mortal Kombat (Which was Armageddon) while at the same time takes place after it, you play as almost EVERY character in the game (Accept DLC Characters) it is at LEAST 10 to 15 hours long, dn't quote me on that, I'm estimating here, but all around good story.Multiplayer:The multiplayer is were it wobbles alittle, people have reported that the netcode isn't up to par, with slight lag issues and cheap exploits (Which mind you, is in EVERY fighting game) and the lack of a player base, being almost two to three years old, this doesn't take away from the fact that multiplayer is still good in MANY aspects, king of the hill matches are fun, fresh and exciting, while still retaining the feel of a Mortal Kombat Game, they even have HUDGE lobbies for people to wait in to play matches (Which are baron now, but the concept was cool)Final thoughts:At the time of this review, MK9 was on sale for 4.99 or your regional standard, at that price, this game is a STEAL, do yourself a favor and pick it up, even at 15 dollars this game is worth it for all the content ALONE, but the great story, stunning graphics and fun challenge, this game is for MK-Fans and by MK-Fans so pick this♥♥♥♥♥♥up....FIGHT!"
76561198087781649,Recommended,237110,11872956,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Loremaster Buelacoco,I would Highly Recommend this game a Beautiful addition to the Iconic Mortal Kombat Series The only Problem I could find is the controls took a bit to get use to on the Keyboard and its not for those without a Strong Stomach hense The M rating all together I do Enjoy this game
,Recommended,237110,945524,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Centers for Disease Control?,"Fun game with all of the DLC. Next time this is on sale, pick it up."
76561198172932007,Recommended,237110,15893994,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,funathome5,"It works unlike the terrible port of Mortal Kombat X, and it's fun."
76561198054808828,Recommended,237110,13661503,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SenseiYoshi,$4.99?10/10
,Recommended,237110,13642939,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DogFlip,Best fighting game available on PC.10/10
,Not Recommended,237110,20119040,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Combain,too bad this game has no Local Area Network Options. only online multiplayer and single player. very bad decision. i mean it.
,Recommended,237110,9313319,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,NatParable,"First things first, SCREAMER WARNING. Yep, there's a screamer/jumpscare in the Krypt, so be weary of that.Anyways, i'm gonna get the bad stuff out of the way first. The story is boring at the best of times, some of the characters are unbelievably cheap, and the designs of the female characters are really effing cringeworthy.On the other hand, the controls are solid, the graphics and audio are great, and the gameplay in general is pretty good (aside from the cheap characters of course).It's an alright fighting game and you might enjoy it, but it should be noted that there are more fighting games on Steam now so you might want to look at those first."
,Recommended,237110,10372314,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Beño,get over here.
,Recommended,237110,13822247,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dr. Data,MUST BUY! How much I missed this game. Now is revamped in HD and for PC. I could have not asked for better. Instantly in love AGAIN! Please make more MK games like this.PLEASE!!!!
76561198048348337,Recommended,237110,11928360,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Fitzy.exe,great game nice graphics and alot of gore FATALITY
76561198081854368,Recommended,237110,15186762,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Maxxx,Genious idea
,Recommended,237110,10741358,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,queen cream de la meme,gud
,Recommended,237110,14218262,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,XxScootalooxX,"I love this game. Sadly, I got around five minutes to play it, then it crashed and has never been able to be opened again.  Don't think this is my PC but I honestly have no clue on what has happened. Other than that, I have played roun 5 hours on my friend's computer. I still would recommend it most definetly, as this is one of my most favorite games in existance. If you love old-style 2D fighting games: This IS the game for you."
,Recommended,237110,14512221,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Messy,Got my♥♥♥♥♥♥ripped out by Freddy and kicked in the vag by Sindel. 10/10 would watch ♥♥♥♥♥♥s jiggle again
,Recommended,237110,15322608,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,bAcKTuRTLe,Great game! Played it on PS3 and I enjoyed it alot!The PC Version rocks aswell!
,Recommended,237110,15388994,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Heriotza,LOVE IT SO FAB
,Recommended,237110,15100490,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Shinnok!,I love this one!One of the best of the MK series! :)
,Recommended,237110,10413960,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,beaming ass nigga,Yes And no BECAUSE THE ONE SLOW MOTION ERROR THAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED But everything else is just great
,Recommended,237110,12153109,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,neYoW,Awesome Game!!!buy it!
,Recommended,237110,11698770,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Solaris,"I love Mortal Kombat, I just wish my pc was supported...Bought it without realising it wouldn't work..."
,Recommended,237110,10383867,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ItsHarzy,This is by far one of the best games I have ever played! 10/10 from me
,Recommended,237110,14024849,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,kai,buy it or i will trickshot you in the xray
,Recommended,237110,15409721,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,you can eat cactus,'sgud
76561198093134229,Recommended,237110,10975635,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lil Broomstick,needs more shrek 0/10
76561198066486363,Recommended,237110,15971522,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Yo ASS!,I liked this game!10/10 -IGN
76561198004063622,Recommended,237110,15291799,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Heavy Rain,pro game
,Recommended,237110,15782562,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Noodles,This game is completely unrealistic.Girls couldn't fight like this while wearing high heels.What were the developers thinking?0/10
,Recommended,237110,14354066,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gilmad The Green,"This game should be called: ""Ball-Stomping Simulator 2011: Where The Easy Setting Actually Makes You Want To Gouge Out Your Own Eyes"". I think it has a ring to it."
,Recommended,237110,13676119,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LadyDutch1,Love this game !for all mortal kombat lovers !
,Recommended,237110,16604424,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Boll av Räka,"MLG Rek simulator 10/10 -IGN would rek again.If u look and see that I only have 2 hours on the game, that's because I don't play the Steam version much. But Xbox 360's version of this game is MLG. Much better to do kombos on Xbox. But that's probably because I only have 2 hours on the Steam version so I don't have much practice with the keyboard. If you want to become and MLG gamer that gains major finger speed, and if you want to look like me:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)Than get this game"
,Recommended,237110,16463180,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Great game controlls are easy it's just a great game the story will want you to saver it like a good pizza and if you eat pizza me your father your lord shall give thy sins washed.
,Recommended,237110,16766312,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Alleycat,"This 3D revival of the 3 classic MK games that brought parents to their knees asking for a video game rating board and kids out of school and into the arcades asking for more blood is truly a blast from the past. Before motion capture, Boon and Tobias actually shot the characters of the game with actors on a blue screen and despite a limited number of sprites, created the most realistic fighting game at the time and kept making it as violent as they could. MK was the pioneer for over the top finishing moves (before every other fighting game started doing them) and all your favorite characters are back for the slaughterfest. I don't care too much for the new comic book like graphic style but the story mode takes you through all the events of the 3 tournaments in a fun 12 hour ride - even without the fatalities (they are disabled in this mode so that you can have several fights with the same opponent at different times with different characters or maybe just to make it more PG 13). The gameplay is pretty much the same except for the addition of the special move meter that gives you more powerful versions of your usual weapon of choise and the bone breaking X-ray combos.It's also interesting to see how the design of the characters have evolved, the first games were obviously limited by the number of cast, costumes and props (hence Sub-zero, Scorpion, Reptile, Smoke etc... where the same except for their colour, just like Kitana, Mileena and Jade) and I'm actually looking forward to seeing each ending for each character as their genesis is nicely exposed in story mode (I've always been a fan of Kabal and I thought it was interesting to have him born there like the joker). It makes me wanna watch those cheesy MK movies all over again... Or better yet, the web series MK: Legacy!"
,Recommended,237110,8485903,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,muzA,good game
,Recommended,237110,7747508,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dogemon,"While simplistic mechanics and almost dead multiplayer (as well as horrible netcode on the PC version), still a highly recommended game."
,Recommended,237110,11112146,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WBS,"Mortal Kombat 9, a reboot/sequel of the MK series, is an excepitonally badass game.Variation of fighters, good mechanic, lot of challenges to complete, and the story, which was pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up but was an amazing story overall, this game truly is a must-own. Though playing online is mostly dead. Not kidding.Takes FOREVER to fight someone. 9.5/10, if only Online was still alive.Add me if you wanna fight anytime. btw"
,Recommended,237110,11216348,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hellhound,"This brings back childhood memories. I used to play MK1, 2 & 3 on the PC and in arcades.Great fighting game. Good story, fantastix x-rays and fatalities."
76561198034319577,Not Recommended,237110,11128848,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rhabdomyolysis,"As someone who came from a significantly different series of fighters, I found MKKE a little hard to get into. I never played Mortal Kombat when I was younger, so I sat down expecting a refreshingly different fighter.Animation of moves is gorgeous and fluid, and runs perfectly. Everything looks pretty, for its era. Then I start the story mode and the game runs in slow-mo.Autodetect evidently decided i had my graphics too high? I dunno. But even dropping graphics down to the absolute minimum possible, i still had this slow motion where it became nigh impossible to string a combo together.Apparently, this is because it's a... surprise surprise, CONSOLE PORT. I'd use one of the slap-dash workaround mods that unlock / set the framerate at 30/45/etc, but they tend to make the game run too fast.Jesus, it's like they didn't even bother to test this on any computers before they released it!That said, if you're on a computer that MKKE arbitrarily decides deserves full speed, it's a pretty fun fighter."
,Recommended,237110,16315406,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ruiner,"Multiplayer might be dead and Shao Kahn might be a real big pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but the story, challenges, and ladders all provide large amounts of enjoyment.This MK actually lets you have more than just a few playable characters, has no heavy performance issues, and looks great alongside that!Oh, and online being dead doesn't matter when you have friends in the real world. :^)-legitimate 10/10-"
,Recommended,237110,12238061,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,HansDuet,♥♥♥♥in Shao Kahn. 10/10 would fail again.
76561197979140019,Recommended,237110,27729779,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eagle1_73,Finally....Mortal Kombat has come back to the PC!
76561198081238279,Recommended,237110,12515995,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Motta,GET OVER HERE!
,Recommended,237110,6230628,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Steel Horse,"I used to say this waa better than MKX. It's not better or worse, honestly, but this is a very fun game regardless."
,Recommended,237110,15495357,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Buckeye Burl,FIGHT
,Recommended,237110,7873656,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,spookmin,"I reccomend this game to anyone that enjoys fighting games. The story is fun (though a bit rage-inducing sometimes) and will introduce you to a few characters you might like. I reccomend doing the arcade ladder a bit for practice, then moving onto story. Great game, 9/10."
76561198091083816,Recommended,237110,34060780,Posted: 6 August,all,Fox,"1 year of playing Mortal Kombat later, I can finally pull off combos."
76561198146450963,Recommended,237110,33756595,Posted: 23 July,all,JohnnySox,"The ninth entry in the well-known fighting franchise, Mortal Kombat (or MK9 for short) serves as a reboot to the franchise’s story following the events of it’s predecessor, Mortal Kombat Armageddon. With that said, all of the playable characters (minus Cyber Smoke) from the first 3 games of the franchise are in attendance for this game.The Good >>> Or The Obvious:Any Mortal Kombat game can make an excellent game to play with friends, but what makes MK9 great is the content it provides for those who wants to play the game alone.The game offers a story mode and a Challenge Tower, a mode in which you must best at least 300 trials with predetermined fighters. As well, the game has the familiar single or tag-team arcade modes.The Bad >>> Or Just Me Doing It Wrong:The controls in this game feel at times very precise. When you need to pull off a high combo, where the number of inputs is more than 4, the amount of time to make sure the input is registered gets smaller & smaller.But that’s not where my frustration is really at, rather, it’s the Enhanced moves. Enhanced moves can increase the number of attacks and the amount of damage done from that fighter’s move set. Problem here is that the timing to initiate them is very small.Personal Note: This could also be a case where there’s actually nothing wrong with the controls, rather my controller not working well for this game.The Ugly >>> Or What’s Left Of It:When it comes to playing online, there’s not a lot of good to talk about. Whether it’s the lag from the servers or the consistent connection issues, the online matchmaking for MK9 is atrocious… or was atrocious.The only reason for the “was” is that I haven’t been able to test to see if the servers are still running or not. Last time I played the game, there was no one in the online lobby & with the game’s successor, Mortal Kombat X, being released last year, it’s possible that the servers are shut down.MK9 is a fantastic game and an excellent choice for newcomers looking to get into the fighting genre. Just a notice that the online multi-player might not be working anymore for those who would be looking to play this for competitive purposes."
76561198025869997,Recommended,237110,9651388,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CatLord,"So awesome, I went and made an arcade style control panel to truly enjoy this one."
76561198125269735,Recommended,237110,14100587,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SM CSGOatse.com | Farmskins.com,"This game might be the only fighting game with a tons of content. Far more content than Street Fighter or Tekken. There's a real campaign for the game. Even if you are new to this franchise, you wouldn't need to play the previous game or go online to read the lore to understand what's happening in the game. There's are tons of modes too. The only thing is that the boss fight, is completely unfair. Shao Khan will just keep spamming his skill to ♥♥♥♥ing take you down. You might spend your whole weekend just to beat that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s♥♥♥♥♥ Still, it's a great game & positively worth your money. 8/10"
76561198077048193,Recommended,237110,16805346,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,B@ne,Just great.........
,Recommended,237110,12265990,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Zeor,"I'm already an established and satisfied owner of MK PS3, so let's start with it as a game: Thoroughly recommended. This is a reinvention and celebration of all that was and is good about the glory days of ye olde Mortal Kombat. The goofy kung-fu-movie camp vibe is still there in full force, and now the gameplay is good. The combat is weighty, visceral and satsifying, and the control is well-behaved. Very little AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to be had here, either. Losing to a computer opponent usually leaves me feeling like I lost to something a particularly competent human could have done, not to HAL9000 reading a human button input cheat sheet. This is especially true of the bosses, who are actually now a fun and well-designed challenge instead of an under-the-table deal to make people break their controllers and buy new ones. Yeah, they still do cheap stuff now and again, but overall I've had very little anger towards this game. The presentation is completely outstanding, and everything about the game shows that the creators really wanted to make it as good as it could be, like they owed it to the fans and the characters. _Even Stryker is kind of cool_.Challenge Tower mode and Story Mode are somewhat less satisfying than regular old Arcade Ladder mode, admittedly. The story's worth doing, but the fights are  less fun and the cutscenes can't be skipped. Challenge Tower at least frequently mixes up the action with wacky circumstances found nowhere else in the game, so that's something, but usually I'm just content to do Arcade. Also there's a tag team ladder mode where your partner, assuming he's conscious and alive, can hop onscreen and do a special move, or even tag in with one. It's pretty well thought out. In any case, even if I'm not doing well, I always have a good time with it, which puts it way, way ahead of a certain other street fightery franchise whose name eludes me.Now, to examine as a PC port: It looks like you're given plenty of freedom to tinker with graphics options so you can throttle it down, which I guess is all you really need to know. But the game is pretty 'puter heavy, as I expected. I'm running it at 1280x800 with pretty much all of the optional settings turned off, and I've got disappointingly muddy textures (which were gorgeous on the PS3, like you can even see the realistic brushed-metal texture on the cyborgs) and considerable frame rate jank, which surprisingly doesn't really affect my gameplay though.That's about the worst thing I have to say. It's attractive and violent and exciting and just a good old time. Do it."
76561198389990538,Recommended,237110,35374745,Posted: 1 October,all,originalty is not my specialty,"5/10 the game is great but it still has flaws. The PC port is TERRIBLE. If I fight or pick noob saibot in practice, (regular) Ladder, and basically every mode but (I think) story and challenge tower. And, it crashes at random times so then I have to restart my PC, then go back into mk9. But id still recommend."
,Recommended,237110,27489079,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lic.TacoDeSpaghetti,A portal to my Chilldhood
,Recommended,237110,5251992,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Jet_Shark,МК для ПК очень хороший!!!
,Recommended,237110,33399068,Posted: 9 July,all,Friendship Is Magic,"I have tried MKX (on a PS4, not a PC) and I can say other than better graphics, MKKE is better than X in pretty much every way. The camera is much better and the gameplay is more polished. This doesn't mean, at all, that X is a bad game, I just think KE is simply better.I also like KE's storyline more than X."
76561197983722362,Recommended,237110,10336905,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Boomer,Get over here!
76561198032532474,Recommended,237110,4129055,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Robot Panda,The cinematic in story mode are pretty bad looking due to it being a port and all but it's still extremely fun to play even though the online mode is kind of empty. It does have local multiplayer though.Furthermore: ♥♥♥♥ Shao Khan. Seriously. ♥♥♥♥ Shao Khan.
,Recommended,237110,18258361,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Rain,"Wonderful game but here's my reviewPostives-Has full controler support which imho is a must to play this game but is playable wtih keyboard.-60 fps game-Can do 1080p, unsure if higher since I don't have a tv/monitor capble of doing so-Decent graphics with graphic sliders-Good Story Mode-Good Tower/challange mode-Can Pratice Fatillties in training mode-Full Controler/keyboard support plus joysticks-Big Roster of charcters and great dlc-Local Versus ModeNegatives-pre rendered low quallity custscenes-bad audio if using headphones during cutscenes only, works fine on speakers/tv-Dead Multiplayer-Multiplayer lagged when it use to be aliveConclusion:Only buy it if you happen to find it on sale and you're a fan of mk and plan to do story mode / play for fun on tower mode. Get MKX instead of MK9 for MP since mk9's playerbase is dead.I give it a solid 8/10 , it's a decent enough pc port"
,Recommended,237110,13455315,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SPOOPY,"a fighter series that went from great to terrible to AMAZING in this game MKKE is a game I love playing from kicking♥♥♥♥♥with many characters trying to defeat shao kahn again and again or simply hearing the phrase ""FINISH HIM/HER"" and then ending the battle with a fataltiy (after pausing and checking how to do it almost every time) that were clever at times. (sadly too many beheadings) a brilliant game would play any time9/10 to many beheadings but still a fun fighter that I would play again sometimes"
,Recommended,237110,10707272,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dusk,"2d fighting style, just like old time! Gotta love it!"
,Recommended,237110,12401042,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AoD Murder,"Online is broken, But should hold you over until Mortal Kombat X"
76561198019038244,Recommended,237110,7881282,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Fierce Bollocks,M O R T A L ' ' ' K O M B A T !
,Recommended,237110,11967559,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Golyhawhaw,Game is great. Online is horrible.
,Recommended,237110,15285843,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Galen the Magnificent,"This game looks to be really awesome, and for the first time when i played it after buying and downloading it to my computer it was. But then i exited it to do something else on my, eventually i came back to it because i wanted to play again, thats when it would not start up. it would say preparing to launch then show a picture of Mortal Kombat as if it was about to start up then that would just go away and it would do nothing. That would be the same result no matter how many times i double-clicked the short-cut. I bought this game on April 3rd, it still will not play. This is EXTREMELY annoying!!!!I bought this game and now it won't even work, WHAT THE HELL!!! Anyway had to put this out there in hopes someone might be able to help. Any advice is welcome."
,Recommended,237110,14294772,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Razzira,"Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition is one of the best fighting games I have ever played.All DLC characters have been included, The story plays almost like a movie, and there is just no end the the amount of content here.  This is the game that I will be using when comparing other fighting game franchises, because MK:KE is the perfect example of what a fighting game should look like.9/10."
,Recommended,237110,15603103,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Evil Dr.Porkchop,does this game crash for anyone else
76561198026912876,Recommended,237110,12035210,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Ripfin,everything mortal kombat should be and more
76561198169319145,Recommended,237110,33106209,Posted: 1 July,all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,Good mortal kombat as far as story goes and gameplay but didn't run very good on my pc.
76561198116231917,Recommended,237110,29529343,Posted: 27 January,all,Pulsar,I'm not 100% certain but I'm pretty sure this isn't a direct arcade port because the graphics bare a striking resemblance to a console... It's still a good game over all but a bit of a graphical let down in terms of what I remember from the arcade machines.
,Recommended,237110,8438670,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mmk,mortal kombat <3
,Recommended,237110,8421172,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RedPanda,"Bad PC port with horrible online stability. If you find friends that are within your country or region though it can be pretty fun. Can be played with a 360 controller, keyboard, or Fight Stick. 7.5/10"
76561198144309929,Recommended,237110,18096079,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Footman,Play online pls
,Recommended,237110,18095724,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ognjen,I play this on PC but please add Kratos!!!Good Game!!!
,Recommended,237110,16007542,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mop,"REALLY fun with mates, but only if you've got a controller.7/10 because although it IS fun, it lacks the content to keep you entertained for many hours of gameplay."
76561198055748734,Recommended,237110,7797836,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lugas,COME OVER HERE
,Recommended,237110,6868422,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Pankzey,Само Совершенство!10\10
,Recommended,237110,11962514,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,skinsjar.com cs.money,"A highly recommended game to all those who like ""old school"" Mortal Kombat fighting series."
,Recommended,237110,13896674,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Steph,"Mmmmmm Jade and the stripper pole win scene is hot. This game is awesome and the graphics are sexy, especially when your coming from the old school Mortal Kombat games. Sadly I need to buy a controller because the keyboard buttons do not like this game, so  have to hold off playing it for now. But from what I have played, I love it. I've always been a Mortal Kombat fan, love the games, love the movies (though a lot would disagree with me on the movies lol.) So glad I got this when it was on sale ($4.99) because it was a steal at a great price."
,Recommended,237110,7750154,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shaolin,"The port I was dreaming about. Excelent game, all DLCs included.Online could be more alive though. Really shameful to see no one playing King of the Hill."
,Recommended,237110,15328649,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,⊹⊱⋛⋋Vampire⋌⋚⊰⊹,Fun game with friends and a good way to take out anger on those friends :3
,Recommended,237110,15757048,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,deleted,"Join the battle, go to play ONLINE, JOIN ROOM...To play multiplayer you need to enable the filter Worldwide"
,Recommended,237110,14929805,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jianan,"Great game, some OP characters though.All you need until Mortal Kombat X!"
,Recommended,237110,5017353,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,ObiLoo,Да какие рекомендации? Брать строго обязательно!
,Recommended,237110,10345542,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,ｋａｎｅｋｉ☾,Such shill thing. I play it at SEGA in childhood. Now i more impressed.
,Recommended,237110,11232918,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,1337_Skill_HeadZhot_Machine!,"Mortal Kombat 9 !This Mortal Kombat (Komplete Edition) really feels liketrueMortal Kombat!The feel when punches and kicks lands in theFACE!is just what I remember from especially Mortal Kombat 3!Mortal Kombat 1 and 2 had the same feel, but Mortal Kombat 3 was the bomb!Now this - MK9 - does it again! It's superb and has some challenge to it!Definitely worth the price!Best regards,TezlaByte"
76561198079074485,Recommended,237110,10055785,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Darkoro10,"Possibly not worth the full price, this game is one of the most consistently fun 2d fighters out there (IMO). I got it on offer and it was money well spent. I have been a fan of the series for a LONG time (and have the original on MEGADRIVE) and this latest installment did not dissapoint."
,Recommended,237110,10562439,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sleepy Head,"First off, the critisisms. 6/10. Barely passing but not terrible.This game is Mortal Kombat in all it's gorey glory. Don't be fooled by the promises of a full story because that story is a series of pre-rendered (That are lower quality and resolution than the actual game) cut scenes following a story that holds up like wet tissue paper. Beyond the lack of substance in the story the fights in it consist of fighting 1, 2, and at one point 3 enemies with bosses splashed in because they don't want you getting bored. The first few fights with each new character, you go through most of the popular cast, you will spend getting beaten to a pulp until you learn each new characters move set. Once you get comfortable with that character you fight a boss and are immediatly put in the shoes of a new fighter. By the end of the game *spoiler* you have to fight Shao Kahn *spoiler end* who has unblockable attacks, armored animations, and who takes 40% damage on everything you do. Your best move, the x-ray animation, does 20% of his health at best.In summary of the story, you get what you'd expect from a Mortal Kombat story. The worst parts are the terrible audio/visual effects in the cutscenes for the story and the final boss fight. You might be saying 'But the final boss fight is SUPPOSED to be hard!' and you'd be right. Hard is what it should be. Damn near unwinnable on Normal difficulty is a design flaw not a feature. The fights inbetween the start of the train wreck and the end are pretty easy. You'll find 1 or 2 super moves you like and spam them until your (quarter circle back) motion is flawless.With all that said I still recommend this game because it IS Mortal Kombat. The Ladder is still alot of fun and if you beat it you get a nice little ending cutscene for that character.(sadly better than the whole story mode) The challenge tower will give you something new to do once you've beaten the Ladder on your favorite characters. Instead of the usual 'Female Ninja #1 and #2' style of female characters each one has it's own unique skillset that FEELS unique. The graphics in the fights look pretty great *story mode cutscenes not withstanding*. Most importantly the skill sets are all easy to learn but hard to master. You'll get the hang of your favorite character pretty fast and the more technical skills of each character will take you ages to land everytime. You know, like the old Arcade game we all loved? You're given a move list but it's not easy-mode.Buy this game on sale and enjoy seeing your favorite character rend flesh from bone or turn your opponent into a baby. It's Mortal Kombat. If you're looking for a good story in your fighting game... try something else."
,Recommended,237110,10709584,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord Alfajor,"If you care for online fights (I don't) then read the negatives reviews. If you don't (like most of us) and like fighting games but you're not an expert and like to have fun then this MK is for you.For experts players this game is awesome, but for me the best part is that is fun for those that don't have time to learn all the combos and specials: this game is fun for everyone, you can pick up the gamepad and try to use the normal punches and kicks and still have a blast, or go pro and learn all the combos.Buy it on a sale and you won't regret it. Is the best MK since MK2 in arcades."
76561198033937493,Recommended,237110,10734001,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xXChazeXx,"Great game for playing with your friends, A Great addition to every player's collection."
,Recommended,237110,10817143,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,davido_labido,"mash buttons, kill things, die. just like the good ole days."
,Recommended,237110,4305246,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,cJlenou,Freaking Awesome! Must have!
76561198056776470,Recommended,237110,5991363,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Тихоплав Олег,"Возрождение старого и хорошозабытого развлечения, всех детей и взрослых, рекомендую всем. кто хочет поностальгировать."
,Recommended,237110,6641793,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,RIGG 名探偵,Not bad
,Recommended,237110,7473987,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,СОНЦЕ У ВІКОНЦЕ,Let the kombat begin!
,Recommended,237110,1401529,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Ux-ty,9.5/10
76561198033149385,Recommended,237110,4166829,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,HellBreaker,"Просто замечательный файтинг, для настоящих олдскульных геймеров, почти такая же сочная как МК3, для всех любителей МК брать обязательно!"
76561198008585643,Recommended,237110,8108111,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Roel Driesvink,"Very fun fighting game, especially with friends! This game has LOTS of blood and gore, so if that isn't your thing this game might not be for you. Some fatalaties made me feel quite uneasy but it's a lot of fun to perform such fatalaties on a friend you just defeated! :) The campaign has a B-movie story, but it's fun to play and watch it. The games main purpose is to pit you and your friends against each other in arenas and have a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,237110,11278108,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Phat Face Killa,100% good. 100% Mortal Kombat. 100% Beef
,Recommended,237110,17959361,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Susi,The only bad thing about this game (besides its netcode) is that I couldn't step on Shao Kahn after I turned him into a baby.FATAL BABALITY!!!!
76561198121980408,Recommended,237110,15905804,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,touch me P.I.M.P.,best fighting game ever!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,12214520,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DeliriousCanadian®©,I am having lots of fun with this game. Yes it has its faults but all in all it's great fun!
,Not Recommended,237110,10894095,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Degenerate94,TERRIBLE WON'T WORK!!!
,Recommended,237110,30079151,Posted: 21 February,all,NymNamOnline,Love Love LOVED IT!
,Recommended,237110,8556928,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,0009,It's pretty awesome!
76561198263538824,Recommended,237110,33301428,Posted: 5 July,all,Your Mommy,Awesome game.
76561198028966634,Recommended,237110,15299419,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TheSnvMan,spam wins
,Recommended,237110,6631628,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,SIRDAH,9/10 loves this game ! FATALITY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,7789434,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Meme dreamer,I give this game 4 mexican massacres out of 5
76561198329597537,Recommended,237110,33163353,Posted: 2 July,all,Revolto,10/10 huge♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,237110,10371765,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kūhaku,Button mash to victory!
,Recommended,237110,10379888,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,extremic.,Mortal Kombat is one of the best Fighting game for me so i recommend this game and if you dont know Mortal Kombat well i must say you had no childhood* Fatalities* Funny X-Ray vision* GET OVER HERE
,Recommended,237110,10356494,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Decompress,Pure nostalgia10/10
,Recommended,237110,9887551,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Cell5,"Even two years after its original release, Mortal Kombat remains one of the best fighting games ever made."
,Recommended,237110,15275261,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,CyberusUK,"Introduction:Mortal Kombat 9 is a re-imagining of the history of Mortal Kombat. It takes us back to the original game and starts afresh from there. Things will seem familiar but not quiet the same and this applies to the story, controls and style in general.With the dawn of Mortal Kombat X in a few days, I thought it would be a good idea to take a look at 9 as X is meant to continue directly from the end of this. But with X out in just days, is 9 still relevant? Lets find out.Story:Mortal Kombat 9 starts by pretty much killing the whole cast of characters, but Raiden manages to send a message back in time to his former self. This means you start the game at the time of Mortal Kombat 1, this is a great idea as it means you can revisit all those old areas from Mortal Kombat history. I really enjoyed the story line and how subtle changes to the time line changed bigger things farther down the line, it means even though your covering old ground its still fresh and new.But unfortunatly even with this reinvention it still remains a needlessly complicated and over the top story. Mortal Kombat has always sported a overly cheesy and over blown story line, 9 doesn’t change this or even try to. But if you enjoy the Mortal Kombat plots of old you’ll be right at home here, and thankfully they have left out much of the later history where things became really strained.Gameplay:This is perhaps the most well put together Mortal Kombat to date, the combo system is far more advanced and natural than any of its predecessors. The fights flow nicely and there is a real element of skill here, you can’t button bash and hope for the best. The game though rendered in 3D is played on a 2D plain, much like Street Fighter 4 but this works well adding beautiful detail to characters but retaining the traditional style of previous Mortal Kombat games. We are also give a super move meter like other fighters, this lets you perform more powerful versions of your special moves and when fully charged X-ray moves. These are a brutal sequence of moves that not only greatly damage your opponent but also offer some bone breaking visuals to go with it.One other mode that’s also been introduced is the new tag battles, this allows you to pick two fighters and change between them at any time. Even in the middle of combos you can tag in your second character, or if you wish they can jump in for a second to assist then return off screen. It’s a nice addition, but hardly an original one.Presentation:The graphics are really nice, they walk a fine line between realistic and cartoon like, this is a good thing as some of the fatality’s might become difficult to watch if they became too realistic. The 3D models are fantastically detailed and the animation is smooth, they really have worked hard on these characters.The stages are interesting and though old settings, are kept fresh by the 3D re-imagining. One of the really enjoyable parts of Mortal Kombat 9 is travelling the old setting that feel so familiar, but at the same time completely new as well. This really deserves credit as to achieve this without losing the original feeling is no mean feat and though the graphic of X maybe far superior, 9 is still a good looking title in its own right.See this and more reviews athttp://www.cyberusuk.com"
,Recommended,237110,20799881,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ænima,"Oh my god, the game that started it all. This is the game that got me in gaming in the first place. The best fighting game in the world right here folks. Look no futher, you found the best fighting game of all time."
76561198236276590,Recommended,237110,20864470,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[ALT] ♫Spike♫ King of the dragon,มันมากๆ
76561198045008289,Recommended,237110,8921262,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Ry0,"Fantastic gameplay, great characters and brutal fatalities. That's what Mortal Kombat is about!"
,Recommended,237110,7766793,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TiNmAn,love this game!
,Recommended,237110,3529098,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Borracho,"Does it get any better than this for Ye Olde Traditional Beat Em' Up? Probably, but we'll have to wait 'till MK10 to find out."
,Recommended,237110,20296714,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,VCGames,"It's fun, but I suck. I suck, but it's fun. 10/10 will die again"
,Recommended,237110,10349678,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lagarto,Most brutal fighting game.
76561198107468206,Recommended,237110,35215488,Posted: 25 September,all,Vilarenso,MMMMMOOOOORRRRRTTTTTAAAAALLLLL KKKKOOOOMMMBNNBBAAAAATTTTTTTNot much to say about this icon of blood and gore. Great port
,Recommended,237110,33344924,Posted: 7 July,all,What,------------> GET OVER HERE
,Recommended,237110,12702269,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SERPENTINE 10,This is one of the best Mortal Kombat games I've played in a long time. It's great to see it going back to it's old roots of classic bloody fighting.
,Recommended,237110,7770862,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Duunimestari,"This is a great game, only bad thing is that the pc multiplayer is totally unplayable.So, if you are looking a singleplayer fighting game for pc, this is your choice.I recommend you to buy this to console for working multiplayer."
,Recommended,237110,12418643,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Pillowmaker,played this game on xbox im still pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥at it
,Recommended,237110,12391417,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jonny,i DO recomend this game....but i wish there where more player who has a passion for mortal kombat. Fun game. i see why people dont play it. but i dont see why almost nobody plays it!
76561198058363953,Recommended,237110,10367622,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Yuno,LOVe this game very much. MIDWEEK MADNESS! the best offer ever.
,Recommended,237110,33188900,Posted: 3 July,all,shakespeare,FINISH HIM!!!
,Recommended,237110,33192291,Posted: 3 July,all,Probably in bed,10/10 over MKXL
,Recommended,237110,8902704,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Stalker,"This Game kicks♥♥♥♥♥its violent, blood, gory and so so much fun. The graphics are great, the gameplay ist easy to learn most of the combos are hard to perform.I highy recommend a 360 pad, the keyboradcontrols are functional but not so great.all in all its a great and over the top fighting game!"
,Recommended,237110,12150904,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Eterno,"This is the game where you ""mash"" all your buttons at once and hope for the best. :D"
,Recommended,237110,2714559,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Jeefk0,Real Mortal Kombat/10
,Recommended,237110,12412575,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,J830,My first video game ever was MK3 on snes and i played that as much as i could as a kid. When i got a chance to go to a local arcade that we had in the mall they had MK4 and i played that for countless hours and built local rivalries. After midway collapsed i was in fear that my two favorite game series Mortal Kombat and Gauntlet would never be the same. Well i can say at the time of writing this review both series are still alive and kicking. Mortal Kombat 9 is the best mortal kombat ive played since deadly alliance. All the characters that you would expect to be here are and there are some pretty cool new ones also. Unfortuantly this game on pc is held down big time by a feature that should never have been put in the game and thats region locked servers. I live in the us which means i can only play with people in my country and well it is really hard to find a match at any other time then the weekend. There is however a fix for this u can change your steam download region to russia central which is overflowing with players. So at this point your thinking if theres a fix why is he complaining at all. Ah well let me tell you with me being in the us the russia servers lag almost the whole time and can affect a match to the point where the better player loses because his combos dont register or register late. I give MK9 a solid 10/10 for local and tournament play but if your gonna play MK9 online you might not wanna buy it and  thats why the steam version is on its finish him sequence waiting to have sub zero rip its spine out so it gets a 5/10. I Reccommend this game only because the game itself without online is amazing.
,Recommended,237110,15581587,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Schizo Doll,"Who is that motherf*cker, which decided to crate Sheeva that OP? 8,5/10-------------------------------------------okay, Sheeva is easy, but that guy (I can't imagine words for him) who created Shao Kahn has special place in hell"
,Recommended,237110,13716625,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,drekk,Me ganó sunrise en 1vs1 ... obviamente lo DESINSTALE AL INSTANTE... JUEGO DE ♥♥♥♥♥♥JOYSTICK OR UNINSTALL
76561198078220701,Recommended,237110,13458710,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mysterious Hobo,"This game is so much fun! While the story is pretty challenging the ""boss"" battles are almost impossible without a cheap tactic.Other than that I find that this game is the most fun to play with a friend.BUT BE WARNED!!The game is very bad at keep a connection during an online match.I recomend making a room and then just challenge your friend or whoever, but that seems to work the best for me."
,Recommended,237110,12744862,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nero,"This game has A LOT of gore and blood scenes...... wich makes it awesome in it's own way.All those mind-blowing moves makes you really want to try them out IRL.(Don't know about the others but I like them :D).Beside the immersive solo or tag fights there's a really good campaign with a nice plot.Still, the best things about this game are the X-ray moves and the FATALITY.It's worth giving this game a try."
,Recommended,237110,15542962,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Rickle Jaymes,Buy it!
,Recommended,237110,10349846,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,TOASTY!
76561198133010757,Recommended,237110,15457005,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jalast,"this game is epic. i chopped a guy in half,chopped his head off,then i chopped his head in half."
,Recommended,237110,11273898,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Joseph P. Brenner,"Very violent I had to cover my kids eyes while I molested him to protect him from the graphic nature of Mortal Kombat, I then fatalitied his tight hole and Animalitied his face. Good game taught me some new tricks !!!!"
,Recommended,237110,12144484,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,lyyfe,"I finished them and they got finished, nothing much left to say."
76561198207258076,Not Recommended,237110,30698284,Posted: 23 March,all,X_X {}Rituals{}CSGOGEM.com,When I boot up this game it loads then stops I dont recommend it to any budget pc gamers
,Not Recommended,237110,15994073,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MahDx,i bought this game for nothing its not even working waste of money please fix this problem
,Not Recommended,237110,10352737,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,WerFEST,"One of the biggest mistakes of this game - the multiplayer.I tried an hour to play with friends, but I was connected to the other players, except for friends. And you know why? Because I had a load region of Sweden.While reading how to fix my problem, stumbled upon what are the problems when s is necessary to change the screen resolution, the quality of graphics and stuff. Really could not make a good multiplayer for 2 years its porting to PC?Okay, figured out the problem. Furthermore, this control, the keyboard is GTUJ - how to use it? Okay, it can be corrected. But if I connect the joystick (joystick I have with numbers, and not figures the type of triangle, circle, etc.), I show the alleged control for numbers as me on the joystick. But these numbers completely wrong.Overall, I am very much upset because all of these settings in order to play 20 minutes with friends.For all the existence of the game could have long to release a patch. But the developers simply forgot about the game."
,Recommended,237110,15274953,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,-_____-,BP FP ( FP BP ) ←←FK; ← ↑+→ FP BP FP ←←BK+BL; ←+BP; ←←→BK; →→; FP BP FP ←←BK; ←←FK; (RESET) ↑ BP; →→; ←+BP; →→; BP FP ←←FK; →→; FKFK ↓→FK TH.© CYRAX
,Recommended,237110,8180098,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,bulletproof,"|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|| Good game! Add Russian language, please!|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|| Отличная игра! Добавьте Русский язык, пожалуйста!|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|"
,Recommended,237110,15819123,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,This game is just over you guys.,"Mortal Kombat: Komplete Editionis one of the best fighting games I have played to date.**PROS**-Very easy combat system to get into as a beginner(as well as a great tutorial). Fast paced action with easy combo executions will keep you and your enemy constantly on guard; you will very rarely be in a neutral position waiting for your opponent to make a move. This is easily one of my most enjoyed fighting experiences (I'm from a background of Smash Brothers, Street Fighter and some other 2D fighters)-Great in-game story. Easy to follow for people new to the series with a decent amount of ""WHAT!?!?!?!"" moments.-TAG TEAM battles.Yes, you can tag team!! Why don't more  games have this feature?? Simply put, you get to pick 2 players to fight against 2 other players in the SAME MATCH (this can even be done with a friend playing the second character on your team, just get another controller for them.)-There are a lot of extras to be unlockedwithin the game ranging from alternative character costumes to  galleries of the fighters, stages and music. It will keep you busy for a while to try to collect enough coins to unlock  everything.-A variety of mini-games and challenges.While some of the mini-games are dull...such as Test your Might and Test your Strike (pretty much just button mashing) other ones like Test your Sight and Test your Luck are pretty fun to mess around with (One being a simple sight game to see if you can keep track of a fast object, while the other gives normal matches special events that make the game play more unique example.... Headless combat or infinite super meter). There is also a ""Challenge Tower"" with 300 different combat scenarios for you to beat (some..more fair than others.)**CONS**-Difficulty can spike up drastically. If you're new to fighter games, you'll have a lot of frustrating moments with this one (Especially in story mode). As the story progresses, you'll switch between different characters in order to suit that section of the story, this will force you to learn a new string of combos or new special skills for that particular character, this does NOT help you when you're suddenly having to fight 1 v 2 battles or the bosses. The bosses are especially brutal if you don't know their attack pattern or simply have no idea what you're doing in general; they have insane damage increase, health increase, and worst of all armor which prevents flinching <-- something you need for combos. To me it felt like the only way to beat this game sometimes was to use cheap tactics..""Okay you're going to use cheap moves? Fine I'll just do the same"". Just be prepared for some frustrating matches. The best advice I can give is to use throws as much as you can.-You cannot select a specific chapter in the story to play, OR restart it. Okay this is a major wtf moment for me. Why the hell are they going to make a story mode that's about 5-7 hours of gameplay and yet make it impossible to choose where in story you can play ( even AFTER you have beaten it)??? What if there was a part where I liked the fight or the cinematics?? Nope, they have you start from the beginning, and if you have already started the story and you wish to play an earlier section you must beat the entire thing to restart it...................-There is NO 1 vs CPU mode.This was a huge disappointment for me (I honestly thought this was an industry standard by now for fighters). The only way you can fight solo is through the ladder matches, but even then..you can't even choose which opponent you get to fight against, it's all random. (You can also use the training mode, but you can't even execute fatalities there.)-No special combat for solo players.Why is there no love for the offline single player experience? The only way to play some of these fun modes in solo play (like headless combat or zombie mode) is though the ""Test Your Luck"" game mode...but again...this is all RANDOMLY SELECTED. You simply press the start button and a roulette picks them for you; you might end up with something you like..for example Infinite meter...but then you also end up with bleed effect...LAME. The roulette should have been a variation of a custom match, not the actual custom match. The only other way to trigger the special events is if you have a two player match where the 2nd player inputs a code on the loading screen along with you...and that will still sadly only give you ONE special event, nothing else. Potential wasted :(-Online matches can be laggy or have a tendency to freeze(even if your connection is very strong), this has made me drop combos on multiple occasions...There's also no way of changing the proximity of an opponent search in the game. You have to use the advanced options menu by selecting them before launching the game. Wtf?-------------------------------------------------------------Aside from these flaws within the game...as a FIGHTING GAME, I had a very enjoyable time with Mortal Kombat. The gameplay is just so much fun, it's hard for me to not want to come back to it and find out new ways to play with a character, or to have a really good match with someone online. The characters themselves have so many differences...when compared to Street Fighter and all the dang Ryu copies..it's a fresh of breath air. The question now remains...how does it fair with Mortal Kombat X? Hmmm..."
,Recommended,237110,7222010,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,RYDOLPH,Awesome!
76561198062081814,Recommended,237110,17844584,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[ICEMAN]~[G-UNIT],VERY COOL I LIKE
,Recommended,237110,97009,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Dron1D,лучшая.
,Recommended,237110,12160929,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,$eM@,Игра супер особенно гамать с друзями. РЕКОМЕНДУЮ
,Recommended,237110,11366984,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,spike12up,FIGHT its mortal kombat who wouldnt play this just dont use a keyboard
76561198075816306,Recommended,237110,6806641,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Wilhelm II,8======================!Э
76561198067466254,Recommended,237110,11506702,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Craig Revel Horwood,Cut a guy in half. Balls first. 10/10
,Recommended,237110,10354831,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zoey,Using a kewboard aint so bad. At least it brings the old times back of utter rage towards ♥♥♥♥ing blocks and grapples mostly done by Goro.(♥♥♥♥ you Syrak And Cyrax)
76561198160268399,Recommended,237110,15244304,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,zoran,amazballs
,Recommended,237110,15677512,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,thomas the dank engine,made me wanna do cocaine and snort barbie
76561198065118663,Recommended,237110,15191803,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Parasyte,10/10 I like it
76561198174179517,Recommended,237110,15890146,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tahlseth,"Still the best modern Mortal Kombat today.Xrays look realistic and not death-defying like X.Good graphics, runs smooth, no stilted gameplay.If it's not in your library, it should be. Catch it on the next Steam sale."
,Recommended,237110,10386801,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,WASDragon,"PLUSES:+ Nice graphics+ Nice missions on the Challenge tower+ More good fatalities than MKvsDC, but not all fatalities+ After update (23.07.2014) the game hasn't slowmotions! Thanks for that update!"
,Recommended,237110,17905455,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,KOKO,KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!
,Recommended,237110,17969087,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,PopCorN_,Neznášam Shao Kahnalen tak tak som ho zabil v story mode aj to mi trvalo 4 hodiny :D
,Recommended,237110,7748280,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cookies,have some multiplayer problem but story and gameplay is very good
,Recommended,237110,25574610,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,osricen,"Really fun, tons of content, gets really interesting and nostalgic for classic Mortal Kombat fans, and it's greatly optimized for PC. The only REALLY low point: its highly compressed cutscenes, which get tons of artifaction sometimes (they should have made these real-time, as they should be in every game nowadays!) and, of course, it's highly (if not critically) recommended to play it with Xbox 360 controllers. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,237110,13163885,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,zeeKo8_^,"Pretty decent port, the reason why I acquired MKKE is to play it online on my pc, major disappointment: whenever i find a game it says that the session no longer exists. Please fix this ! And no I don't have a poor connexion nor a wooden PC..."
,Recommended,237110,10606708,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Letha1,games
,Recommended,237110,15904972,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Oggy,Still cannot master any Fatality.... Sigh
,Recommended,237110,20598142,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Imperfection,"Best Mortal Kombat. Didnt even need X, this gives me my MK fix."
,Recommended,237110,14744973,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Aku,"Its MK you know what to do, finish him."
76561198133022165,Recommended,237110,15330518,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Hallidayallday,get to hit ppl in the balls 10/10
,Recommended,237110,2253193,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Пёс DOS,BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥RIGHT. ♥♥♥♥ING. NOW!
,Recommended,237110,23692202,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ninja Llama,"""It's official - You suck!""- Shao Kahn (2011)"
,Recommended,237110,17314786,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,thefullarcticfox_,"It's like you kompletely gone insane and forgot how to write letter ""C"" so you write ""K"".Fatalities, babalities, extreme button mashing gameplay. Extremely fun with all friends.8.8/10"
,Recommended,237110,12242628,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Superior,"Not the best controls, but the storyline was good enough and I really like the characters."
76561198136500431,Recommended,237110,22264729,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Real pool,press space and uppercut the s out of sub zero and turn him to ub zero10/10 would uppercut sub zero again
,Recommended,237110,15440388,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,loner stoner with a boner,"""He must win."" These three words, uttered by the Thunder God Raiden before being killed by Shao Kahn at the pyramid from Mortal Kombat Armageddon, are sent to Raiden from the past, and prompt him to RUIN EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE EVER. Other than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Cyber Sub-Zero deal, and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that carries on into Mortal Kombat X, this game has excellent gameplay, although extremely cheap at times, and has pretty cool Fatalities that are reasonably easy to do."
,Recommended,237110,13068608,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kyle,"Noob - Make a wish Fatality - 10/10But yeah in all seriousness this game is fantastic and the  version is of course hugely superior, I completed it first on PS3 and when I switched over to PC the graphical and frame rate difference was staggering, everything is super sharp.Upon first playing this game I immediately noticed that even the most basic punching attack is represented on screen as incredibly brutal, and the violence only escalates as fights go on, character models show massive amounts of visual damage and the fatalities are sometimes hard to watch because they are just that gruesome.Artistically this game revitalise the class MK character designs we all know and love, modernising old classics. The environments are also fantastic recreations of areas from MK 1-3, complete with stage fatalities. The only issue I have with the character designs this time around is that it is very clear that each humanoid male and female character all use the same underlying body model with the same normal map applied, some have variants like Johnny cages tattoos, but it is a shame we don’t see much variation in musculature and body proportion. This complaint it most apparent when looking at the female character models that show allot of their body, I understand that this may have been done to synergies the animation transitions and hit reactions with each characters rig but more body type variation would have gone a long way in hiding this minor gripe.This edition contains all of the DLC characters that were released; the additional PS3 character Kratos is nowhere to be seen however due to that consoles exclusivity. The DLC characters themselves are great additions to the game, unique MK characters that may have been forgotten about are brought back in a great way here with unique move sets and fatalities. The only out of place character that falls short for me was the addition of Freddy Kruger, some say he fits in with the MK universe well but I don’t agree, his move set isn’t that interesting at all and for being a famous horror movie slasher villain his fatalities are quite rubbish.Aside from having fantastic brutal combat and finishing moves, this game also gives you so much to do, various modes extend the lifespan of the game and the kyrpt contains hundreds of fantastic unlockables.If you’re an MK fan like myself this is a must have, if you’re a fighting game fan I would also say it’s a must have."
,Recommended,237110,13134086,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ZephyrX5,"Do not recommend for online gameplay, but awesome game for single player or 2 playersFATALITY!!"
76561198142126727,Recommended,237110,12725773,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Interlution,"This game offers the best fighting, and graphics on pc. Get in while its still on special"
76561198055555262,Recommended,237110,12787845,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Terickle,"A classic,  very nice look with graphics setting maxed , but like a lot of games of the same kind, they are too many commands to memorize if you want to have solid characters. The true fun isnt in the main story,whos totally linear, but coop fighting and ascension mode."
,Recommended,237110,13036163,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LustRazor,"Epic game. I love nearly everything about this. The slowmo, x-ray, bone breaking is a hoot. Fatalities have so much gory detail. The feel of this game is flawless and fast. Really I would give this MK my highest recommendation. The only minor gripe (and this is really nit-picking) would be the character select portraits don't look so hot compared to the in game models. They should have just used the CG models instead of the sub-par digital paintings. Still, that really doesn't take away anything from this AMAZING fighting game!"
76561197992339924,Recommended,237110,12829758,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Professor Cuckulus,"Got this for 5 bucks on sale, and now I'm butchering peeps all day."
76561198130415713,Recommended,237110,23368013,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moonstryder86,"""This is our tournament, remember? Mortal Kombat. We fight it!"""
76561198136895760,Recommended,237110,10381147,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,TheMellor,"Nothing more satisfying than hearing FATALITY blaring out of your speakers when you pull off awesome bone crushing combo's, honestly bought this because it was on sale and couldn't recommend ithighly enough. controls are difficult but once you get used to it there's no going back 9/10"
,Recommended,237110,10811668,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,nichgfdgfdhbsdfgdf,thumbs way up because i can add mileena's intro pose & jade's win pose to smoke's model
,Recommended,237110,12155003,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,YaBoyTingle,Mortal Kombat is gud.
,Recommended,237110,12174497,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Rygir,"Feels like  old times, 3D graphics are just about able to approach the same photorealism as in the first 2D trilogy to display the gore."
,Recommended,237110,8491468,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,dav3q2,Buy this gameIf you every liked at least 1 Mortal Kombat then this is the game to ownThe controls have gone back to a more simple approach like MK 2 and 3 and Fatality's are wicked
,Recommended,237110,10396199,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,FrostDargas,"at free time, you can have fun from the heart, as in single player and multiplayer"
,Recommended,237110,10680363,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,El Fele,Krap port.
,Recommended,237110,33113591,Posted: 1 July,all,SidTheSadBe∆n,I don't like this game because blood is bad.
76561198017752970,Recommended,237110,8498340,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Archninja78,Great Game for any Mortal Kombat fan!
,Recommended,237110,2372042,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,- Pancake,Best Mortal Kombat to date.
,Recommended,237110,735336,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Razoric,Amazing port of the console version of MK9.  Only issues I have are the overly compressed story cinematics and some online connectivity issues (that will probably be patched).   Other than that the graphics are amazing and the blood looks tasty.  Yum.
,Recommended,237110,1379701,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Von the Wat?,"I have never played original MK arcade versions, but I had enough experience with MK2, MK3 and MK3U on Sega Genesis aka Sega Mega Drive, and this one feels a lot like those felt. Add amazing story mode to the mix, which provides an interesting and well-paced cutscene-based storytelling along with the variety of characters to play as and you get an amazing game indeed. And you don't have to deal with the horrible krypt unlocks at all! Everything is already available out of the box.Be warned though, if you will be using keyboard to play the game, menus completely ignore your keyboard settings (fights won't do that: keybinds work just fine there). Other than that, the game is great and I've had a blast playing it."
76561197971242202,Recommended,237110,504268,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Devillion,Glad they released it on the PC. There's a wide variety of modes available. Story and Tower modes are totally awesome experiences and the Komplete character roster is pretty impressive.
,Recommended,237110,7435715,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Kodyd194,"The reboot to Mortal Kombat that I always hoped for! The game brings back the gory combat we all know and love and is a great addition to the Mortal Kombat franchise. Sadly the game is best played solo or in one of the many vs. modes because the online gameplay is complete garbage, and thats when you can find someone playing to begin with. But ignoring the online play the game is still a solid entry into the Mortal Kombat family and is worth at least checking out."
,Recommended,237110,4247073,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Syner9y,So bloody....so real....so intense!
,Recommended,237110,1649364,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Rich™,"Mortal Komabt where to start....fun,gory and something to be played, going all the way back to 1992, it's controversial and doesn't care, this new game is no different, new graphics and new gore. This is a great port, with PC enhancements, worth your money on sale or not."
,Recommended,237110,7744749,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,dave,"If you're a fan of the game series, or the original movie, you'll really appreciate this game.The story mode is very well done, and the arcade (ladder) mode is as fun as it has always been. My only criticism is that the female characters are wearing completely ridiculous outfits (e.g. Sonya's extremely low-cut ""military"" uniform), and it seems to go a bit too far with the blood and gore."
76561198152877638,Recommended,237110,13873304,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SackOfTruth,Eddie is a ♥♥♥♥♥ at this game
76561198004201910,Recommended,237110,2217856,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Dreadfield,"is mortal kombat guys what can i say?? just grab your credit card, and no wait any longer,for this awsome gore fest.2 years was too long... now is time to unleashed the tournament, in all its glory!!!!"
76561198028086019,Recommended,237110,3848078,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,zais,"Good reborn+ gripping story mode+ casual mode (you can have fun with your wife and test your luck)+ online mode (not flawless, but playable)+ ladderWith some imperfections- dont like x-rays- no options to make game less gore and brutal- online lags are awful (you have to apply fixes manually)- not the best port of console game (has performance issues)Not the same MK3 as i remember it. But still worth my time and money.Check this vid:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zH2WQRJzcfQChoose your destiny!"
,Recommended,237110,7040076,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,CowShareSky,Тут и говорить нечего
,Recommended,237110,7683264,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,realgex,"Jogaço, muita coisa pra fazer, muitos lutadores, conquistas, modos, aviiii, é o jogo !"
76561198013486532,Recommended,237110,8483354,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mazokuu,"Classic Beat me Up with intense gore, not for the faint of heart, 10/10"
,Recommended,237110,8495915,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Doomtack,"One of the best story modes in a fighting game, I've ever played. The story mode has you playing as various characters in the MK universe through a seemless story that utilizes much of the MK lore to good effect.The fighting is the good old school 2D but set in a 2.5D environment, and blends the best of the old, and some great new mechanics to make this accessible and fun for any level of players. There are lots of modes other than story mode that has enough to keep you playing. Definitely get this if you've liked MK games (or story) in the past (especially the earlier ones).The sale prices are also good enough for anyone just interested in getting a wel written and executed story experience."
76561198071339543,Recommended,237110,8527672,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dutles,the game is great and the port is great. You can play with keyboard and is still a blast.11.5/tangerine  would but again
,Not Recommended,237110,8574178,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SpAxx,"Have you played the original Mortal Kombat games?Did you play MK3? Did you like MK3?If so, you'll most likely hate this piece of trash. The story mode is nothing more than a half-hearted retelling of the entire saga, there's literally nothing new. No new characters, no new arenas and nothing to add on to the gameplay other than X-ray attacks (which are probably the coolest part of this game).The game does offer some great AI, but that's really the only thing it has going for it outside of a poorly designed fighting system that Injustice profected.Go buy Injustice instead of this nightmare. There's almost nothing here which is all that new or exciting."
,Recommended,237110,8712667,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,dre',Kano is Sonic. 11/10
,Recommended,237110,8759358,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,arf,TOASTY
,Recommended,237110,10104170,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cdott#11506,"One of the best fighting games ever. I am a huge Mortal Kombat fan and played this for thousands of hours on playstation and xbox, even taking it to tournaments. It's still one of the best fighting games out there right now, its faced paced, feels easy to learn, but takes a lot of time to master everything.Putting my biased to the side for the minute, the game does have minor bugs that anyone other than high level tournament players will not notice. The online on steam is also completley dead, there are probably some private servers for it somewhere."
76561198004841980,Not Recommended,237110,10343054,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,GravySniffer,worked once then wouldn't open. is there something i can do?
,Not Recommended,237110,10358031,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Johnny_Tempest,I can't believe that Netherrealm Studios ♥♥♥♥ed this game up so badly.I guess they could not realize that laptop screens are small.I tried connecting my laptop to my Panasonic television. They still said that my Aspect ratio of 16:9 was incompatible. Completely unbelievable. I'm so dissapointed with this.
,Not Recommended,237110,10358274,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Keon McKeon,I Love this game more than anything. But ♥♥♥♥ing hell is it glitchy. firstly for radeon users you need to download a patch from the internet to get the fps to be right. but that overwrites your mods. so then i had to find a mod which included the normal fps. so basically this game is amazing. hours of fun. love it. best Mortal Kombat game ever. but i cant reccommend buying the full price for it. Wait until an offer is on. Hope this helped.
09999999997777777,Not Recommended,237110,10431423,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,NUPTUP,"I cant get this game to start- I looked up different fixes, different guides, but nothing works! My pc exceed's the games reccomended settings, so I'm out of Idea's. If anybody has a suggestion- I would LOVE to hear it!"
76561198042816855,Recommended,237110,10493811,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Zhiping Li,"I recommend mortal kombat becuz if you play fight games you can blood and kill the person you facing. And there is no weapons but alot of dangerous environment you can fatality as an ultimate move to win extra koins. Also, the costumes are second to unlock in the graveyard. i give this item used 8.5/10 in condition worn twice, can meetup at Scarborough Town Center. Also open to trades, selling for $35:00. Thank you, Text for inquiries."
,Recommended,237110,10528828,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Final Boss,"This is probably one of the best fighters to date. Anyone can have fun with it, and mastering it feels awesome. There are hours upon hours of singleplayer content. Obviously this would best be played with friends, hot-seat. Possible issues? Isn't optimized for PC, and some people seem to have various issues, and the online component doesn't really work that well, but is still functional and playable, tho could be slower and sometimes with some lag if your opponent(s) have a bad connection or MK isn't working as well for them. Offline, it works almost flawlessly for me."
,Recommended,237110,10734250,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,R@TTL3$N@K3,"Amazing game with amazing graphics, will keep you stuck to your chair for very long! Bringing in a wide range of character selection, including the likes of Freddy Kreuger!!! Game comes in with awesome finishers also. If you are a Mortal Kombat fan, and want to play something on the same sidelines, i.e. definition of arcade gaming, then do not stop to think, Just BUY this game!"
76561198078145199,Recommended,237110,10822919,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Docfitz01,This is by far the best Mortal Kombat since the original 2D Series.  I highly recommend it to any classic fighter fan!
,Recommended,237110,11051241,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,B.L.u.c,"This game is fun, even online sometimes when its not lagging and stuff.and im glad its for PC again.FATALITY !!!!!"
,Recommended,237110,2992951,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Sholin IV,Кому в БУБЕН НАСТУЧАТЬ?
,Recommended,237110,3897547,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,top_acm,КУН ЛАО УИНС
,Recommended,237110,5440949,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Sub-Ruble,What time is it? MORTAL KOMBAT TIME!
,Recommended,237110,7005214,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,KLIM,Must game!
,Recommended,237110,7596182,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Kamui-W-,"O modo online deixa a desejar, mas fora isso é o bom e velho MK, com combos interessantes, jogabilidade fluida, e comandos básicos, junto com o MK deception esse é o meu preferido"
,Recommended,237110,8110680,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Alphazen,Best Fighting Game ever! Controller is a must in this game! ;)
76561198057284894,Recommended,237110,8672720,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,cosine,I've played this game on the ps3 and it is SCHWEET. I wish I could play it though. (My PC sucks)
76561198050763795,Recommended,237110,10341220,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Healthy Snacks,toasteh
,Not Recommended,237110,10357156,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,cpt. Morgan,It's ♥♥♥♥en ridiculous. The fact I have to download some 3rd party simulator software to bind my keyboard keys is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC players and laughing at them. No effort put for the keyboard support. If you don't have a gamepad don't buy it.
,Recommended,237110,10399640,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MakavelliRo,"Brings back childhood memories, one of the best games in the series, after a few awful failures. The gameplay is easy for new players while still interesting to the veterans of the series. Fun for hour, the story mode really goes back to the roots of MK1 and keeps  the player in the story. The challeng tower makes the game fun, multiplayer is great!"
,Recommended,237110,10607568,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Coobs,"great fighter, sweet campaign story, big fan. However the last boss nearly resulted in my controller breaking, multiple times."
,Recommended,237110,10718984,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Xterminator51,"This game isn't for everyone , you have to be a calm person to handle yourself losing. You have to have a good memory to memorize the moves."
,Recommended,237110,10796856,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Guy Le Douche,"Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition(aka. Mortal Kombat 9) is just like any other Mortal Kombat. This works in its favor, but it also hinders its playability. Since this version of Mortal Kombat is newer than other installments it has perfected almost every game mechanic to a point where if you want to do a special move you will do it or when you want to do a fatality it will work. In other installments, such as Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance, this was such a hassle. However I find that going to a fatality for the first time requires a tutorial since the directions will be saying ""Jump"",""Varies"" and ""Sweep"". If you are new to the Mortal Kombat series you will need a tutorial. Luckly this version of Mortal Kombat has its own tutorial section. I found it helpful to figure out new things in MK such as X-Ray attacks and Tag Team Attacks. Overall Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition has improved on almost every aspect of the game, but it is not perfect. I can't help but feel that this game is too slow for me. Other versions of Mortal Kombat such as Deadly Alliance and Deception felt more fast paced than this. Also the new game mechanics don't feel as satisfying to me than in the other two games, but the X-Ray attacks feels very satisfying to me. Finally i feel the game is harder than the other games and the blocking mechanic is not as good as the other versions'. Overall it is an amazing sequel that has created a sense of nostalgia. Similar to Armageddon and Deception the story mode is cheap and gives the game a little more replayability. Although this story mode did it right by taking out the adventuring and went straight to the combat and main idea of Mortal Kombat."
,Recommended,237110,11010311,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jojo ★ ジョジョ,SUB-ZERO WINS!FLAWLESS VICTORY!FATALITY11/10. Every person who's ever played a fighting game needs to buy this game.
,Recommended,237110,11343739,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,gvcci?,"Good game , graphics, physics, all good, but control on keyboard - is a torture"
,Recommended,237110,8511404,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ShachloKarpa,Стари добри мортал комбат в 3D
76561198019686354,Recommended,237110,8593582,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Helikopedrus,One good
,Recommended,237110,8862258,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mendonky,"This is unfortunately a mixed bag. The gameplay is everything you would expect from a good Mortal Kombat game, on the whole. The story mode is an excellent way to get clued up on the backstory of many of the characters, and gives you a reason to at least dabble with the majority of characters, some of which you'll likely never have used under normal circumstances (though some of the 1v2 matches can be a little unfair). However, there are some significant downsides. ""The Krypt"" section where you unlock various fatalities and costumes is very difficult to navigate, even when using a guide. However the biggest flaw is in the stability of the game itself. to date, every time I want to load the game after the first time has meant deleting a particular file to get it to load past the initial splash screen. I am guessing from my readings this is linked to playing it on higher resolutions. However, the auto detect doesn’t always work each time it is loaded, which runs every time you need to delete said file. Some of the arenas also seem to be more graphics intensive than others, which can make some story mode missions a pain with added frame lag.All in all, a good game ruined by a very fundamental issue, that seems to have been around for quite some time. I recommend this with caution, but urge the creators to address this loading issue, as I know I am not alone!"
,Not Recommended,237110,10342093,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Slothes,it wont even launch -_-
76561198047602313,Recommended,237110,10538878,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,RedPing l Dabook,Mortal Kombat did very well unlike other frachise~ they keep maintaining the old style of gameplay! and improve on graphic and plus story line! well done~ In its greatness still got few omission..the game training dont really train you...you need to learn by urself alot..they do not provide you how to do the magic skill and environment destruction.8/10 FINISH HIM!!!
,Recommended,237110,13016941,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,♡ Chang ♡,best of the best
76561198170332878,Not Recommended,237110,15340794,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,CloudGod,"i was really excited to play this game when it finally downloaded, but i only got to play it once. i don't know what's going on. everytime i try running the game a window pops up and says "" preparing to run Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition"" then another window pops up with the mortal kombat logo on it then it goes away on it's own, then it says that i'm playing the game, on steam for about 20 seconds then goes back to ""online"".  i don't know how to fix this. can anyone please help?   ;n;"
,Not Recommended,237110,16226095,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,nwo2015,i downloaded 3x and cant run. Very anoying steam and mortal kombat install experience.
,Recommended,237110,16541780,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MajorHunter,Old School fun revamped on a new Engine! If you Live Fighting game this one is one not to miss especially if your a fan of Mortal Kombat.
76561198119709077,Not Recommended,237110,14266633,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,joebsa99,"game never startssteam's help does not fix, help ,or work on patching the bug that prevents opening it"
76561198144961338,Not Recommended,237110,15300841,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,^6STRINGBEAN54,"I bought the Mortal kombat 75% for 4.99, but i got off the game and i came back later to try to get it backup, but it doesn't work it shows me the starting loading screen, but then it just fades out and does nothing. I've tried everybody such as restarting steam and restarting my computer but nothing seems to work."
,Not Recommended,237110,15301335,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[VEGAS] SALT LORD,keeps crashing doesn't want to work
76561198170181543,Not Recommended,237110,15315606,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,thomasdude66,my mk wont run
,Not Recommended,237110,15316266,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TheMightiestMelon,"Erm... It won't work for me. It worked the first time that I launched it, but the rest of the times it hasn't worked. It just shows the opening screen, and steam says preparing to launch Mortal Kombat Komple Edition, but it doesn't actually launch it. Please take note that this may be just a problem for me. I'm on a HP2000 and on Windows 8.1. Thanks for reading, and bye! Oh! And one last thing, if you know how to fix this if it's fixable, please tell me by messaging me on Steam. Thanks! Bye!"
76561198123914347,Not Recommended,237110,15321589,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Croustibat,"Online lags, don't buy this game"
,Recommended,237110,15330407,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,1800-HotlineBling,11/10Would listen to Shao Khan wins another 100 times
76561198060031352,Not Recommended,237110,15340629,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,MeepJeep,doesn't actually work unless you do some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with stuff that involves effort. too lazy for that. why is it not fixed? this game's been out for years.pc master race
,Recommended,237110,15440778,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Whitefox,The Super Smash Brothers Melee of NRS games.
,Recommended,237110,16270071,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Suicide Critic,"VERY GOOD GAME - Strong buy reccomendationBalanced, with just the right level of AI difficulty.Well adapted to a x360 controller.   Novel mechanics.  Not just a reskin of MK4..."
,Not Recommended,237110,14501027,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jacob,"This is Mortal Kombat, so by nature you really can't go wrong. However, the copy I have bought for some reason flashes neon lights every time I try to do a fight. So I literally can't see anything except flashing neon lights. If your copy isn't a screw up like mine, it's a great game, but I wouldn't risk it. Honestly, at this point just wait for Mortal Kombat X, it looks a lot better anyway."
54984916198456165,Not Recommended,237110,15308051,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ninjacat6,IT DONT WORK WAST OF MY!! MONEY REALLY WB REALLY SUCKS
,Recommended,237110,15400996,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Very nice game but I'm not a fan of juggling combat. Silly concept.8/10
76561198193585394,Not Recommended,237110,15663139,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,nova24,please somene tell me why my game is so laggy;(
76561198176112979,Not Recommended,237110,15712289,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Anonymous,"it wont let me load it, fix it and i will give good r8ing"
76561198132715102,Not Recommended,237110,15398430,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SpaceFish,my game doesnt open... :(it makes me realy sad :'(
,Recommended,237110,15747830,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,Played it originally on consoles and couldn't ignore the sales to grab it again on Steam. This is my favorite Mortal Kombat to date and it definitely stay as my favorite for a while.
76561198073784082,Not Recommended,237110,16852053,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Leanord Liverlover,"final battle is way too difficult, brings fun out of finishing the game"
,Recommended,237110,16616783,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,12hours,"Ok, first thing i have to say, what do you expect from MK.Blood, violence, gore, Mortal Kombat Vs DC Universe, wait what, NO GET THAT AWAY FROM US, WE MK FANS DARE NOT TO TALK ABOUT THAT ABOMBINATION AND EXCUSE OF AN MK GAME.Uh anyways, since this is Mortal Kombat there is of course blood and gore, what do you expect from this fighting game.So onto the pros and cons.Pros:A solid fighter that has big replayability, great story for a reboot that also tells the real story of MK 1-3, fair AI for their difficulty level, and it has some great amount of kontent.Cons:Since this is the Komplete Edition, some of the secrets from the krypt are already unlocked, meaning secret fatalities, kostumes, and kombat kodes that you can use in 2 players, not able to change the difficulty of the challenge tower(kome on kabal get in the air so i can perform the air gotcha) yeah, the most difficult challenges felt like we should be able to turn down the difficulty because of how much insanity is put into some of these challenges(looking at you challenge 125 and fighting 3 annoying spammy kharakters in a row without health rekovery), and most importantly, NOBODY IS PLAYING THIS GAME ANYMORE, MEANING IT IS RARE TO FIND AN OPPONENT ONLINE BECAUSE NEARLY EVERYBODY IS PLAYING THE WAY MORE EXPENSIVE MK X.So overall this game in my book, gets the score of 8.5.So get it if you can not afford $60.00 MK X and all the expensive DLC stuff.But if you want to find someone online, good luck, you are most likely to get the same person over and over again.My honest review."
,Recommended,237110,17033318,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,old cucu`,nice game
,Recommended,237110,17150735,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,great game with a very long and entertaining story mode.
,Recommended,237110,17857155,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,JEFFWOE,REALLY FUN GAMEBAD THING IS THAT NO ONE PLAYS MULTIPLAYERMKKE IS SUPER FUN I LOVE THIS GAME 10/10
,Recommended,237110,17135449,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,LaughingMan777,"The graphical prowess of this game is astounding. With a GTX660, I was amazed that such an old game could look so close to current gen. Fact is, the pre-rendered cutscenes, which they would have rendered on old but state-of-the-art-for-its-time hardware now looks downright blurry compared to actual gameplay.This game is a must buy and if you have a recent graphics card, just crank up all the settings to ultra!"
76561198100773585,Recommended,237110,17308330,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Doctor,"Mortal Kombat at its finest! Have played almost all installments and by far this is the BEST in the series and WAY worth the money. Great characters. story, gameplay, and extras. 10/10, enough said."
,Recommended,237110,18113125,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Chec Saup,Episode IX: The New Hope
,Recommended,237110,20071570,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CitizenBARLOW,MK9 > MKX
,Recommended,237110,20315740,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Froppy,"One of the best Mortal Kombat games, with great graphics and fluid gameplay. And you get tons of amazing characters. The story mode of the game is pretty good too. Only downside is that there are very few players online to play against. Overall a good game. Go for it if you want to plug in 2 or 3 controllers and play have some action with your friends."
,Recommended,237110,20487508,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,arc,"About the gameExcellent fighting for one person and for two, a combination of different skills like well done and finishing, well drawn characters and their history and character.Facts may be spoilers.1 In Mortal Kombat long history, counting 9 major parts of the game, several branches, 2, and a galaxy of movie serials of the plot of the game. But some things make this story really interesting. Nine of the most interesting (and sometimes bizarre and a bit silly) points highlighted below.2 Ed Boon (Ed Boon) and John Tobias (John Tobias), the creators of the video game series Mortal Kombat, initially wanted to create a fighting game in which the player is to be the main actor Jean-Claude Van Damme (Jean-Claude Van Damme). But this did not happen. The only echo of the model Jean-Claude became a character in the game with the name of John Cage (Johnny Cage).3 When Mortal Kombat just left in the distant 1990s, a lot of parents, politicians and clerics rebelled against violence in games. In the end, the Great Congress gave in and put an ultimatum to Nintendo, Sega and other gaming companies: either they introduced the age rating of a game, or not released at all. The result was a national ""Pact ratings of video games"" of 1994. But, fortunately, the game industry has prevailed and persuaded to establish its own evaluation system ESRB or Entertainment Software Rating Board.4 The comedy duo Smosh Internet became famous on YouTube thanks to high scores lime-sinhovyh video about ""Power Rangers"" and ""Pokemon."" One of the first successes of the guys became a well-known movie about Mortal Kombat, which, incidentally, is almost 20000000 hits on this day. Smosh become certain ""pioneers YouTube"". At the time of publication of the video on video hosting servers were very little content. This is after the portal has earned his millions.5 Poor Australian gamers. It is not that they get new games a month later someone else, and that their governments carefully ""monitor"" the different editions of the game content. They are not confined rated ""R18 +"", and went on. From now on, the penalty for possession, sale or purchase of Mortal Kombat in Australia is $ 110,000.6 When Mortal Kombat developers have almost finished the game, they did not have the slightest idea how to call it. Some titles, definitely provoked caustic ridicule by colleagues from the gaming industry.- In general, the sixth of eight months of work on Mortal Kombat, we did not know what to call him. We sat in my office and just started writing everything vzbredet our heads. The most long-playing title was ""Dragon Attack"" and ""Death Blow"". And once we even really decided to call the game ""Fatality"", - said Ed Boon in one of his interview with IGN.7 If you were a popular franchise of the 1990s, then you probably would have descendants on TV as some musical adaptations. Mortal Kombat was no exception, but he was cool dance moves, laser beams, and insanely popular on the Pacific coast.8 When the first movie about Mortal Kombat has collected a huge box office in theaters, shooting the sequel did not make fans wait a long time. Despite the success of the first two parts, plans and rumors about the third part of the movie about a deadly tournament for a long time, flying over the Internet. Today, the release date of the film on IMDB in 2013 looks at least very attractive.9 Despite the quality of the series, Mortal Kombat: Conquest is remembered for a long time. At least, because it was one of the first TV series about a video game, broadcast on the Internet. Of course, it came just 22 episodes and all ended terrible ending ""all die"", but downloads it still outperforms MK: Annihilation.facts from site -http://gotps3.ru/article/9_interesnyh_faktov_o_mortal_kombat-220411/"
,Recommended,237110,21252774,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MNMR,"Best Mortal Kombat game ever made!!! Beautiful graphics, good physics, awesome player details, multiplayer, lot of most popular characters and MK classic control mode!!! Just awesome!"
76561198116183161,Recommended,237110,19574689,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nyperon,"I had to uninstall this game, because I would break my controller.. for real ;-)"
,Recommended,237110,19909020,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,-=S.H.S=- Boom Headshot,you punch people then send them to hell. Scorpion in a nutshell
,Not Recommended,237110,12154524,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,❆Coldy Snart❆,"This game crashes the next day you opened it,hope it will be fixed about the broken launcher"
,Recommended,237110,8721405,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Corey,ES GOOD ES REALLY GOOD I LOVE THE LAG BUT ES GOOD
76561198087442644,Not Recommended,237110,8530322,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sandstorm_BahZhang~,"This game makes u rage 24/7 trust me, i bought it and i feel that this game don't worth my money. If you want to have high blood pressure, you might want to get this. Warned you guys, unless you guys want your heart to explode in your chest."
,Recommended,237110,16990075,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wong,jake approves of this game
,Recommended,237110,32331916,Posted: 10 June,all,GOD OF RUBBER CHICKENS,this game is awesome it stoped working at one point but it got fixed it is the most fun best awesome game ever. and the best mortal kombat game.
,Recommended,237110,15284538,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,NoSoulSurvivor,Although its a pain to launch the game... Its still fun as hell!!PS: Skarlet is one Hot Bloody Mess
,Not Recommended,237110,10349933,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,krystallios,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU DISLIKE STRANGE CONTROLS. THIS GAME HAS THE MOST UNORTHODOX CONTROLS FOR FULL ON, KEYBOARD USERS. IF YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER, THIS GAME TURNS FROM TERRIBLE TO AMAZING.Speaking from a keyboard perspective, don't get this game, even if it is $5.Speaking from a controller perspective, buy this game, even if it is $20."
76561198158947220,Not Recommended,237110,15340617,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,coleffin,it dos't work. i can't even start the bloody game
76561198044100700,Not Recommended,237110,8525541,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,brofist,Dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. even if its on sale. i bought it and i got to play it once. I had to go so i quit game. after that I cant play it. i have to sign into another account to play. which is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i payed 10.19 for a game that i cant even play on my profile thats bull. dont buy this game
76561197972232265,Recommended,237110,12725861,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Smike,best kick♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. fight fight fight
,Recommended,237110,2180833,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,AzurA Ninjaga,This game is amazing: 10/10 !U MUST BUY IT!
76561197984525667,Recommended,237110,10956680,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bulvine,"This brings back the fatality hungers you had back in the arcade days.  The graphics are great and the training mode really helps you develope your skills.  Online is fun to, but watch out for players that uses kombos that wont even give you a chance to play.  By doing this it ruines online play.  However there are player that will pull a massive kombo on ya but give you a chance to recover(real players)."
,Recommended,237110,10357220,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SUPA HOT FIRE [56],Best MK game so far after MK3
76561198091165016,Recommended,237110,25561417,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Brian,This game is great. It's my first fighting game and I love it. I'll probably buy MKXL when it comes out for PC. I got Injustice because of how great this game was.
,Recommended,237110,1044369,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Nathorus,"Finally making its debut on PC, Mortal Kombat is better than ever. In this addition you get all the DLC characters and skins available to the game at less than half the price of what it would cost you to buy it all on console. I recommend using a pad or stick to play the game but keyboard is also doable. Haven't gotten around to playing it online yet but from what  I heard its way better."
76561198134355007,Not Recommended,237110,10359190,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,sammaster11,Let me play one time now it wont open
,Not Recommended,237110,10712031,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Olly,"Fantastic engine and single player. This will last you a few hours.There is no real incentive to master this in-depth beat 'em up because there is absolutely no online support or matchmaking.Personally I prefer MK to SF these days, but the complete absence of meaningful online play means you'll stop playing after a few hours."
,Recommended,237110,25500950,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Lego Evinion,"Mortal Kombat remains one of the best fighting games ever made. It warms my heart to see this series shining again. Everything you could possibly want in a Mortal Kombat game is here, and the attention to detail is insane. Great animations, victory poses and finishing moves, combos flow and link seamlessly, great level design and Scorpion still enjoys getting people out of their skins."
76561198088571832,Recommended,237110,13540075,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gustavoffcc,"Really amazing!The MK game style continues the same, but with great graphics!"
,Recommended,237110,13839188,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ZelGraz-Weht (Mayhem Inc),Get a friend and 2 controls youl have a great time ♥♥♥♥♥ on the classics fully remade
,Not Recommended,237110,15915643,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,consecration,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о , куча персов которые просто не бьют, за других не интересно играть.Единицы героев которые нормальные"
,Recommended,237110,7773652,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,StevenSeagal,"I had played this at a friend's house on his 360 and thought to myself ""I would love for this to come out on PC"". Here it is and here it is in my Steam library. I'm fortunate enough to play many games on my computer through the use of my 360 wireless controller, so that control aspect isn't a hurdle for me. Yet there seems to be an issue with the in-game cutscenes being rendered in low resolution despite the rest of the non-cutscene game being rendered with the in-game engine. There's no shortage of torrents you can find that have the high quality cutscenes ripped from the PS3 version of the game in 720p, thoguh. Otherwise, the rest of the game plays flawless and doesn't feel like a console port in the sense of lackluster functionality or bugs. Lots of content to keep one going for an MK game and probably the best one I've ever bought.I've mostly been hammering away at the story mode and the challenge tower and those alone are enough to scrape a good 20-30 hours out of. The game doesn't feel grindey at all and in this version you get all the DLC up front and don't even have to worry about unlocking any characters (except for achievements sake).The online play is quite good, but like all fighting games long after release, gravely underpopulated. Unless you can find a good steam group or group of people that schedule times to play together, don't bother with the online part of the game."
76561197967418842,Recommended,237110,7774412,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Kodiak,"Brutal for brutals sake? Yeah, and I love the game for it. Whether you're wincing in sympathy or laughing hysterically the game's violence is pure genius. I havent enjoyed virtual violence this much since I was a kid watching Tom & Jerry... And guess what? Im actually part of the experience, and controlling every painfully over the tope, bone crunching, gut wrenching, decapatating, ball busting move!Amen...."
,Recommended,237110,32397054,Posted: 13 June,all,drake :3,i can rip off peoples legs and beat them to death with itmeme/10 would beat strippers with their own limbs again
,Not Recommended,237110,10755915,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,reno,"Fight with shao kahn is annoying and too hard. I can beat all of enemies, but shao kahn beat me all time in story mode, there is no way to kill him with tech. only lucky helps sometime. So boring to try more and more. Ridiculus fight likes infinity."
,Recommended,237110,12411619,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ragnar,"Awesome game, excellent story , nice look character"
,Recommended,237110,12368980,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,head.mp4,"A great fighting game. A very very great fighting game. Great for both the beginners and the pros - for the beginners it provides a few extra seconds for them to perform a fatality, unlike the original game where it only allows one chance for you to perform your bloody fatality. For the pros, the game provides many combos for each character for the pro to learn - memorize and master them all and they would become unstoppable! What is also great is the DLC skins that is included in the game - skins like Scorpion and Sub-Zero gives back memories from when the original game was in the arcades. Plus, Freddy Krueger is in this game! Only down side of the game is the story. It is not that strong and often characters would fight for no reason. Story writing is not the great. Overall, a fantastic installment in the game. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,237110,12296702,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Gypsy Jew,Amazing game would recommend to anyone buying it
,Recommended,237110,15325624,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,R3D,Like Smash Bros but not at all.
76561198070451228,Recommended,237110,12163936,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pepe's Trepes,Get stabbed in both eyes by your oponent and walk away after the fight like nothing happened10/10
66728235100198590,Recommended,237110,11185790,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[NaH] Sp4Rk'._.,the
76561198102978506,Recommended,237110,8657320,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,dinghow100,Nice and good looking game best to be played with xbox 360 controller
,Recommended,237110,25213785,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sesment [Blue],Blood and Gore
76561198169806089,Not Recommended,237110,13674084,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheDiamondCow7,It is not letting me play the game the icon shows and it closes automaticly
76561198006302669,Recommended,237110,8506107,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Grim-,I've only just bought this game and already i think it's an amazing game! If you're looking for a different genre of game to play i would recommend this! full of action and the fatality finishers are so brutal!
,Recommended,237110,14598004,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TweeL1e,Fatality
76561198155868756,Recommended,237110,15283919,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,tallan_haggard,"I was able to play the game when I first downloaded the game, but once I tried to open it up again, the screen wouldn't pop up and I spent $20 to just play the game. I really do wish that I could play it agian, The game was fun when I was able to open it up."
76561198121221720,Recommended,237110,15684456,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,OJEWTOPAJT (no sound),when i boaught this game it works tomorry somehow its not working .............           why?
,Recommended,237110,10365984,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Baby Wizard,I'm playing MK II SNES  and Marvel vs Capcom 3 <3
,Recommended,237110,10366877,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nakaso(now on a laptop XD),Looking for something to play with your friends or just kick♥♥♥♥♥online well here is a game you will absolutley love to play from fast paced fighting to bloody finishing moves even turning players into baby's whats not fun about that /mortal Kombat Komplete edition is a great game to spend hours on unlocking new costumes and finishing moves but the only way to know if you will enjoy this game is to buy it and play it so scroll on up and click that purchase button and ill see you online someday maybe ;)
,Recommended,237110,10358588,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,troll,4.99 sale 23h left
76561198067178872,Recommended,237110,10358924,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Owl,Amazing and maybe one of the best Mk's out there!Pros: Amazing gameplayWell optimizedFun!Smooth and not many glitchesCons:A few really disturbing pictures/scenes (Like nightmare haunting scenes...)Really love the game!8-9/10
76561198071343567,Recommended,237110,10360623,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Sam B,My mum died after watching me play this game.11/10Would cut people in half with a straw hat again.
76561198016404782,Not Recommended,237110,10374833,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,PeteGeek,Great little fighter while it worked.Then the dreaded D3D error struck and I haven't been able to play since. Locks up and hangs both itself *and* Steam now.I will modify this review if the developers decide to address the issue but until then...... avoid at all costs. Presently it's just not worth the bandwidth or headaches.
,Recommended,237110,7685150,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Orion,Best fighting game ever made by human kind + its MK universe. What can be better?
,Recommended,237110,9856886,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Puffßαßψ,graphics and sound 5 stars!Multiplayer - boo! it doesnt work :(
76561198049587671,Not Recommended,237110,10370001,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Atomic Cheese,"An abolutely terrible PC port, menu does not support mouse for the menu, and max resolution goes to 1080p which looks bad on my 1440p moniter"
76561198119758582,Not Recommended,237110,11427605,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,President Pres,"Before I get to what sucks, I'll say that this game isn't so bad; gameplay is good, story mode and singleplayer is fun. Now, on PC, this is a serious trainwreck- if you manage to actually get this game working, you'll be damn lucky to get a multipalyer match going, let alone finished. If you absolutely need your MK fix, pick the game up on Consoles- much less of a hassle, and it actually plays, so you got that."
76561198117060021,Recommended,237110,29132710,Posted: 8 January,all,Stallion,"To our dear Ed Boon:This game stills being AMAZING just like when it was just released, is much better than MKX!, but we got just one big problem...FIX THE GOOD DAMN ONLINE SERVERS PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,237110,20910892,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Advent Child,At least there is a place where beating someone's A ss is legal!!
,Recommended,237110,25047128,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lefthook77,"An awesome, very Komplete feeling game. If they can only move Freddie and rain over to MKX in 2016..."
,Recommended,237110,29077862,Posted: 6 January,all,Sohee,Milleena best girl.  No your opinion does not matter. only my statement does.
,Not Recommended,237110,9785105,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,kio,Worst optimization ever. Dont buy it! This game wont work fine.
76561198016870648,Recommended,237110,8906518,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Rhalls,"The best Mortal Kombat ever made! And I was there on the first ones! The combos, and special features in these games are without precedents!!!"
76561198081369150,Recommended,237110,8974390,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,John Cena,"This game is a MUST-HAVE! It has really good fighting, and the combos are amazing. The story is pretty long, so you GOTTA have a little fun, because the fighting is amazing(BOOB PHYSICS). There's a huge fighter roster, and a lot of costumes for them, so if you don't like how a fighter looks, you can change that. A lot of extra content like art and content can be unlocked by simply playing. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,237110,7748058,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Herger Joyous,In my eyes a controller is a must! other than that......M O R T A L  ___  K O M B A T5/5 *****
76561198074675333,Recommended,237110,6770267,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Antichrist,он охуенен
76561198018569508,Recommended,237110,7732979,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,D3ALER,10/10
76561198041009909,Recommended,237110,4710863,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,ГАНЯ,"ТВАЮ МАТЬ, ЭТО ЖЕ МК, ЭТО ЖЕ МОРТАЛ КОМБАТ, ВПЕРЁД, В ОТАКУ, РВАТЬ ЧУЖИЕ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197964957305,Recommended,237110,18966390,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Burn in heaven,"It seemed easy to play and the story mode was worth going through it was like watching the original movies but different here and there, the challange tower and mode were fun like throw your limps at the other guy or swap health every 15 seconds.plus you can play as the mk1 reptile and other charactors looking all remade at alt costumes.wasnt a fan of every chick in the game haveing a huge chest, i mean did they do it to make them sexy or impowered? does that mean small chested women are lest sexy, i guess they just used the same model for every woman and judgeing by the jaws of these ladys they were made from the male models.Idk I'd say it was worth buying on sale"
,Recommended,237110,18721480,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,FarrMan94,NO KRATOS IN PC VERSION. FREDDY MAKES UP FOR IT.
76561198164587833,Recommended,237110,20221845,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BUGA,it's awesome
76561198202141900,Not Recommended,237110,17415742,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,chrislopez112095,Won't work!
,Not Recommended,237110,30746168,Posted: 26 March,all,Koreaboo,"Not worth the buy nowadays; nobody plays anymore.Maybe if you can get it super cheap on G/2/A or something, just to play locally.Otherwise... nah."
76561198068249660,Recommended,237110,11176645,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Duzzins 米軍,I LIKE THE FEMALES IN THISE GAME I JACKS OFF TO THIS EVERYDAY
,Not Recommended,237110,13887335,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ElPwno,"A lazy port, Mortal Kombat is not the same game as in consoles. While it is good noentheless, I do not support poor-quality ports. I hope future titles are better, otherwise, I'm not buying a PC version of Mortal Kombat ever again,"
,Not Recommended,237110,13582223,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,frashure11,"We want mod support!Game is great (haven't tried online, only single and co op) other than no official mod support...This is the kind of game that would greatly benifit from having mods. One reason is so that people can add characters they would love to have in the game (for me deadpool). Licensing the characters people want would cost too much so why stop people from doing themselves? it's great, but after awhile you get tired of the SAME characters.... I'd love to throw in other ones from time to time... Maybe 10 will have mod support. I actually recommend this game, but i doubt they look at positive reviews to see what they should add. Please like if you agree to show that others feel the same or make your own review stating you want mods too.I'm sure it would be simple to keep people from using mod characters online to keep it far, so that is definitely not an excuse. Besides, after reading previous reviews it looks like the online sucks anyway."
76561198093238201,Not Recommended,237110,13701977,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CALZONES R AMAZING (lightning),"Buy the console versionThe game has a bug where it won't even freakin start on your second time running it, and you have to end up doing so annoying modding just to have it run again...only for you to do it over again because it won't start up the third time!"
76561198073463174,Not Recommended,237110,9505596,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,htotatut,The game is buggy. I bought it exactly after release and was waiting for bugfixes for several weeks. After almost one year I haven't seen a single patch...
76561198098574508,Not Recommended,237110,9920214,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,MineBl0x,Over 100 users had not been able to even open the game. Steam hasn't even seem to care about it. The online mode is b*llsh*t and gets a bit laggy sometimes... I would get a refound if I were able to.
,Recommended,237110,13923478,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TheDaker66,"Just once played online, with some rounds added, I just heard,""Subzero wins""""Subzero wins""""Subzero wins""""Subzero wins""""Subzero wins""""Subzero wins"""
,Not Recommended,237110,8506849,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Moonmount,The online is completely broken.
76561198116090959,Not Recommended,237110,9685924,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,D double J,"This game sucks wen I gou in the it says ""Tis will only take 1 minute and the screen may flash severel times"" and then sudenly it exits the game shows ""D3D Error:0*8876017c"" so if you could help me please do."
76561198084123478,Not Recommended,237110,10338066,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,afroninja323,First off im a give a real♥♥♥♥♥review of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought this game for all my friends since it was on sale we ran into major problems first the game was slow i was running at least 60 frames+ so i unistalled and reinstalled and it worked. Then i tried playing multiplayer whith my friends but the game would either desync or crash this lead to some ♥♥♥♥ing ploblems i got real angry just wasted 15 dollars I hope they ♥♥♥♥in come out to patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥and thats it also before my friends could play this it said something about that the graphics card they had was not usable this game is fun but♥♥♥♥♥♥really wasted my ♥♥♥♥ing time bull ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ima go watch some hentai to give me some reliefe of this game also there is no♥♥♥♥♥physics really tho? Do i reccomend this game hell to the ♥♥♥♥ to the no i rahter play street fighter and i suck at that♥♥♥♥♥♥really tho?
,Not Recommended,237110,9417618,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,NightCrawlerBG,"No multiplayer at all ! No people online / problematic servers ...I bought the game because of the multiplayer , not satisfied at all ... they should enable option for refund within 24h of the purchase :\"
,Not Recommended,237110,8523310,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Reekon,"If you play it multiplayer, Jewtoni Hito is going to crush you with his 6 button dpad. Why will he? Because only he is playing multiplayer. And you. Single player? They don't even have the ""TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN!"" climb like the old ones did. Severe lack of imagination on the levels bring it back to ""pre-pit"" fighting in MK. You don't even get the satisfaction of TOASTY when you knock a ♥♥♥♥♥ down into the pit. Reptile? Yea no. The SP is so ♥♥♥♥ing terrible I stopped playing it prior to fighting with every character. There is no cohesion. There is no underlying story. So it's a fighting game, alright, let's talk about that. It's based entirely upon counters instead of actual skill (ala SF and Tekken) where a roundhouse or a short kick is just as valuable as that eight button combo you need to memorize just to get through the day. But alas, there is a cheat. The computer is stupid. Jump kicks win the day, and counter damn near everything. Don't get me started on terrible voice acting, sound, and backgrounds. All and all, 3/10 rating."
76561198020267528,Not Recommended,237110,8899334,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Muggz Munny,"MK was my favourite fighting games title since early 90's. I was really happy to know MK9 is being ported on PC.Even considering some modes aren't bad, game is overall buggy unbalanced and poorly optimized for it's release time. MK9 multiplayer is a huge spit in the face (lags, disconnects,  crashes, ridiculous matchmaking system, and a half screen table with dirty language they call ""chat""). Also system requirements doesn't seem correct.I can't recommend this garbage to anyone. MK9 as PC port surely came to make fast money and dissappear. Of course you can purchase it now with a discount and maybe spend some fun hours in storymode before you understand how things are. Maybe I ask too much, but playing with other people across even a country seems pretty ok in 21st century."
,Recommended,237110,14356592,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[Sh]Uncle_Ujin,Everybody was Kung Fu FightingThose kids were fast as IighhingIn factit was a little bit fright'ningBut they fought with expert timing.There were funky China-men from funky China-TownThey were chopping them upthey were chopping them downIt's an ancient Chinese art and everybody knew their partFrom a faining to a slip and a kicking from the hip.Everybody was Kung Fu FightingThose kids were fast as IighhingIn factit was a little bit fright'ningBut they fought with expert timing.There was funky Billy Chin and little Sammy JohnHe said: Here comes the big boss (Uh-Huh)let's get it onWe took the bow and made a standstarted swayin' with the handA sudden motion made me skipnow we're into a brand-new tripEverybody was Kung Fu FigthingThose kids were fast as IighhingIn factit was a little bit fright'ningBut they fought with expert timing.Everybody was Kung Fu FightingThose kids were fast as lightningIn factit was a little bit fright'ningMake sure you got expert timing.
,Recommended,237110,15804762,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Punished Bump,"Easily the best Mortal Kombat game. Stays true to the original style of gameplay, and has an all-star cast.8.8/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,15318716,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DeletedGemz,"i cant start the game, every time i click play it will not start up, fix this and ill recommend it, So i want my money that i payed for if you will not fix it, also why is this game on steam if it doesnt work?Btw if its possible without the creators fixing it plz tell me, since i have all the games. on my PS part from this.Side note about my console (Im not a fan of Sony, im more of a xbox person but i thought ill just try PS4)Okhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=323185654this guide help me fixed it i hope this guide helps, but even i found a way to fix it the game is kinda bad....but thats my personal opinion. Hoped I Helped"
,Not Recommended,237110,20668820,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Unit 31,http://shoryuken.com/2016/01/20/mortal-kombat-x-on-pc-wont-receive-kombat-pack-2-content/Don't support a company that punishes their playerbase for their own incompetence and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decisions
76561198073023005,Not Recommended,237110,28843707,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bill,I would have reccomended this game if only online worked! Other than that It's an amazing game.
,Recommended,237110,7686429,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,EviL FazZ,"Best single, local and on-line multiplayer beat-em up game to date!I highly recommened it to anyone interested in the genre, the MK series and like humour with their fights, unlike the ever so dull Street Fighter. Works above 60fps using 2560x1600 and perfectly solid on and off-line ...hasn't crashed once yet {}^__^}My three moans are; all the cut-scenes are terribly ropey (looks like typical games console graphics quality), still haven't seen any DLC's yet and that it does not support Steam Trading Cards ...come NetherRealm and High Voltage, this would be some much more fun ()o__O)Screen Grabs via my Google+ account (details can be found on my profile only and Valve do not allow URL's in reviews)*3/3*- Despite the cut scene flaws and lack of DLC's,MKKEis still currently, my favourite and first choice ofbeat/kill/f**k'em'Ups{}^__^}"
76561197979636047,Not Recommended,237110,20075600,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RICKETY REKT SON!,"Garbage, won't even play.  Says some D3D error.  Running an Nvidia Chip and its made for Nvidia! HA!"
,Recommended,237110,15182370,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"The latest installment in the Mortal Kombat franchise comes to steam but will you want to play it ? In Mortal Kombat 9 we go through 16 chapters playing as the fighters but the overall story is that Nether Realm and the Earth Realm are going to merge and by trying to stop it Raiden get's killed by Shao Khan. So he sends a message through time to warn Raiden of the impending doom. So how is this sequel ? This is probably the best Mortal Kombat game ever made. The gameplay is the same we remember but with new mechanics thrown into the mix like X-Ray moves which when executed show the damage made to the opponent through X-Ray vision. The fatalities return and they are as violent as ever. The gameplay is very easy to get into and when you start playing this game you will want more and more. Visually the game looks outstanding and the arenas where you fight look well crafted and are amazing to look at. The soundtrack is classical MK songs which are given slicker remixed versions, but there are new songs as well. But let's not forget there is multiplayer. This is the only feature i don't like. The net.code is less than impressive. When i did get into  a match i was either throw out or i lagged so much i couldn't land a hit on my opponent. Overall a very impressive PC port and also an impressive sequel. Without a doubt give this game a shot if you like fighting games. I give Mortal Kombat 9 a 9,5/10"
76561198029434718,Recommended,237110,12704817,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gurumaestro,Awesome
76561198052499026,Not Recommended,237110,19182758,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,hitekagpilot,"If you plan on upgrading your Computer to Windows 10 - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  I know that the requirements state Win Vista, 7 and 8.  Game was great on my rig running Win7 and on my Surface Pro 3 running Win 8.1.  After the upgrade - NADA.  I have tried compatibility mode on both platforms with NO success.  Do I want to keep a Win7 or 8.1 machine around just to play 1 game - I don't think so.Just want to help you make an informed purchasing decision."
76561197987843932,Not Recommended,237110,16698780,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,spessu_sb,Not as memorable as MK4 or 1 forexample. Too much generic music etc..
,Not Recommended,237110,15427356,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,alexpap,Do not even try to get this game. It's broken as hell. Always 2v1 and in 1v1 the opponents are like you're fighting a god that never dies. Seriously don't even think to buy it you will waste your money for an awfull game.
,Recommended,237110,32765801,Posted: 25 June,all,Ícaro Thomás,"I HAD A NINTENDOMARIO WORLD, MARIO KARTUNTIL I GREW SOME BALLSAND BOUGHT MORTAL KOMBATI CHOSE LIU KANGTHREW FIRE BY MY HANDTHEN IT WAS KUNG LAOTHE BIG HAT THROWERSONYA IS A GIRLAND IF I CHOOSE HER IT'S NO GOODI'D RATHER GO AS SCORPIONHIS SNAKE ♥♥♥♥S IT ALLTHERE WAS RAIDEN AND HIS BOLTSIT WAS BAD, GAVE ME TRAUMAI'D RATHER SHANG TSUNGTHE SOUL STEALER GUYJAX IS A BLACK GUYWHO MAKES THE EARTH SHAKEJOHNNY CAGE THE HOMOWILL STRIKE UR BALLSAFTER A LONG TIMEI FINALLY CHOSE THE ONE I WANTTHEN SINCE I WAS A KIDI ALWAYS CHOOSEＳＵＢ　ＺＥＲＯ(bad translation army)"
76561198030945710,Recommended,237110,4028044,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,SHREDDER,Οne of the best fighters for pc!
76561198015787137,Recommended,237110,3005402,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Arthurgluk,ну что можно написать мортал ёёёё
76561198121406954,Recommended,237110,11119379,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,𝕊𝕆𝕃𝕆 𝕁𝔸ℤℤ,"they said i wouldnt review this. aight bet so we got mk9 right off the back imma tell you soyna blade got it goin on thick girl good combos thats the♥♥♥♥♥♥i like forward b easy win. second my main sheeva bae got this drop move where she bring it down hella quick dawg , on my soul man this is a plot twister son up down up down you winn gg"
,Recommended,237110,10372738,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lub4yk,Nice fighting :)
76561198059557012,Not Recommended,237110,25503620,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,innuenstu,The game crashing my new computer everytime I quit the application is really starting to make this an unatractive selection in my library.
76561198175896275,Not Recommended,237110,15391360,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,pickle rick!!!,wont let me play it
,Recommended,237110,12822222,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,X3R0,"What is there to say that has not been said up to this point. This game took everything done wrong with Mortal Kombat and ""Finished Them"". This game is a love letter to the Great Mortal Kombats of the past and does do the name well. If you have not played this game and you are or where any kind of Mortal Kombat Fan you need to get updated and play what may be the best game in the series."
,Recommended,237110,26593418,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Boxed up Bear,"I was a bit dissapointed in this game. The port to PC is pretty bad in all honesty, if you aren't using a controller, then good luck navigating around everything. If you're like me and aren't amazing at the game, then the boss fights are pretty insane too (I still haven't beat the final boss yet, I swear he's some sort of omnipotent being sent to destroy us MK players). However, that doesn't mean this game is bad. It's still one of the best renditions of Mortal Kombat to date (to some people), even if it has some quirks. I recommend you check this game out when it's on sale (as games tend to be on Steam), andmake sureyou have a controller around."
,Not Recommended,237110,14630662,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,jadenzambon,"Fun! But unfortunately I cannot open it up anymore. It loads on the screen, disappears, and nothing happens. Could I get any help??"
,Recommended,237110,11337229,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Callous,"Last time i've played MK, it was MK3 in the arcades waaaaay back in 1995. MK3 was really, really bad. it looked rushed-to-arcade work, floating limps and uninspired and boring fatalities, thus ending my passion towards Mortal Kombat:(. oh, sure there was MK games after that, but the damage was done. fast-forward to today MK 2011 was released to PC and on special on steam, so i got it and it looked AWESOME! the story, the fighting mechanics, the unlockables, online play, the fatalities. All outstanding. I am once again after a 18 year absence. a mortal kombat fan:)"
,Not Recommended,237110,22254813,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,pitdemon,its a great game just one thing once you start it and get off of it you cant get back on the f#cking game well for me at least
,Not Recommended,237110,21403384,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MoreBuckets!,Cancer on keyboard
,Recommended,237110,17616480,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Cyberghost,"Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition delivers an action-packed single player experience through the use of its full feature length story mode. Since this is a fighting game, some people may find it repetitive at times but it should be noted that MK with its arcade style of play should be tried in multiplayer mode as it is a lot of fun when you have your buddies along with you for some bloody good time. The game has an online multiplayer ranked match system too, it adds much more depth to the gameplay and is thus a welcome addition. This game is a must try for all the fans of fighting games and I recommend it to gamers who are new to this category of games.PROSSo, so much goreKombat is easy to learn, tough to masterLooks greatChallenge Tower mode is exceptionalCONSStory is tripeSimplified Kombat means it's not for Tekken fansMy Rating:80/100"
,Recommended,237110,8682944,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sir Memealot,"Singleplayer is good, Online is full of no life nerds that suck massive♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,237110,10707168,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Flamboyant Chimp,10/10 no need to tell whybest fighting game in the whole WORLD
,Recommended,237110,14670869,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Weed,Very good game!
76561198028539283,Recommended,237110,10486994,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,www.tobiassippl.jimdo.com,ONE OF THE BEST FIGHTING GAMES EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 100 % SUPER !!!!- FULL Gamepad Support even for old Gamepads. no need to buy a 50$ X-Box Gamepad !!!!!!- Incredible Special Moves- Super realistic and smooth animated Charakters
,Recommended,237110,16668109,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Papa Slothy,A mediocre port of a great gamejust buy a ♥♥♥♥ing console already
76561198155374289,Recommended,237110,18827989,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Spyrax,"Probably the best story in the Mortal Kombat Series. 16 Chapters , 4 Fights each and awesome cinematics. On the other hand there's loads of game modes and they're pretty hard. It doesn't matter whether the game has the Online feature because the other game modes itself are enough. If you enjoy playing intense complex fighting games then im absolutely sure this game would be one of the best choices =)"
,Recommended,237110,2536954,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,=(^.^)= R4yZ,<3 it
,Recommended,237110,2920039,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,✟doppelgänger,"Любимая игра с детства, играя с друзьями вновь получаешь море удовольствия и позитива,прекрасные файты с кучей крови и овер разных комб на всяких героях, в игре есть не большая проблема с пингами, а так твердая десяточка, ностальгия как никак ;) Покупайте, поиграем !"
,Recommended,237110,12371208,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,OTF | Reggie (Trading),Really fun
,Recommended,237110,12332031,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different.
,Recommended,237110,10382656,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Fried Kittens,"Whats not to love about brutaly beating an overly sexualised asian woman, then pressing a complicated series of buttons  to preform a fatality?"
,Recommended,237110,32591596,Posted: 20 June,all,Pennywise the Dance God,"In my opinion, this is the best MK game. Well... next to MKX, but that's another story. The price is pretty low for what this game has to offer. Story mode isn't that great, but the game makes up for that with a MASSIVE character roster, including Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Noob, Smoke, Jade..... yeah you get the point. The one problem i had with the game is i can't Beat shao kahn. With any  character. on BEGINNER difficulty. Probably because i just suck XDBut all jokes aside, pick this one up. It's worth your time.9/10."
,Recommended,237110,23354268,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,big boy zimbabwe,"eh, i like it better on console. still kinda good tho"
76561197976312757,Recommended,237110,10388491,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Destyre,"If you don't mind the fact that the difficulty is completely broken on this game (beginner is just as hard as the top difficulty) then it's fine. If you'd rather not go through a few Xbox 360 controllers, pass.Not only is the difficulty broken but the game is just full of cheap moves - I don't remember the original MK games being that bad.Online vs is completely broken too. You will only be able to play on the same screen with another person or against ai"
,Recommended,237110,15312207,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TWD Kenny,"Being a fan of the Mortal Kombat series ever since Deception- I know how a Mortal Kombat should play and feel. This game was obviously a port from the console version of MK9 and I feared that it wouldn't come out right because console ports can come out poorly on PC. To my surprise, I was wrong. MK9 looks BEAUTIFUL in the highest quality settings and is just UNCOMPARABLE to the console version.There is NOTHING DIFFERENT BETWEEN THE CONSOLE VERSION AND THE PC VERSION OF MK9!There are no exclusive stages, fighters, sound tracks, or anything else that can only be accessed in the PC or console version. The only advantage of having the PC version is 1. Better textures (as stated in 1st paragraph) 2. Faster load times (at least as far as I can tell- things load faster on this port) 3. Mod support and 4. You can buy this game on saleI think you should buy the PC version instead of the console version because you can get the exact same game, with better textures, better loading speeds, and mod support except you can get it for a discounted price. I bought the game for $4.99 compared to the console version where you'd probably pay around $20 or so.To sum this game up and give it a rating, I'd have to give it an 8/10. The game looks goregous and it's hard not to fall in love with these textures and models. I'm also very happy because I paid $4.99 for a very good MK game."
,Not Recommended,237110,19515570,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CosmicFractals,the game said i haven't purchased it.what a waste of 20$ so don't get the game
,Recommended,237110,19517775,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AdDic7eD,Very Good.
,Recommended,237110,24662534,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ღDanildö,You hit stuff a lot.10/10
76561197996336342,Recommended,237110,28981147,Posted: 3 January,all,Longgrobb,is good
76561198020934519,Recommended,237110,25865563,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,leqesai,"Mortal Kombat 9 is, without a doubt, the best game in the series.And judging from the latest installment it will likely be the best we see for a number of years to come.Full price this is only 19.99 at the time of this review. It's a solid price for a fantastic game."
,Recommended,237110,24820525,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ADZUKA,hivery goodvery nicechep prisei like itheheh....
76561198023016824,Recommended,237110,12400222,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Strike Swiftly,My brother had a fit because of this game. So worth it.
,Recommended,237110,7684592,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Alfred,"No fixes , no updates,bugs,broken online,not optimized,overpriced but still good story"
,Recommended,237110,10377096,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,⌖ PROmod ⌖™®,all time classic .the best fighting game for pc
,Recommended,237110,15616666,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Яy ThɆ Sʞulf,One of the best fighting games in existance and the one game where Freddy Krueger is actually is someone to play as.
,Recommended,237110,12171459,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,GODonuTella,Finish him
,Recommended,237110,10366336,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Slavivostok,Shang Tsung turned into a clown and shot someone in the head.10/10
76561198055798477,Recommended,237110,9872861,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Leonx26,GG :3
,Recommended,237110,24959585,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Troop,Love me some MK
76561198098916941,Recommended,237110,29369821,Posted: 19 January,all,XXXRichardspencer,Solid reboot for Mortal Kombat.
,Recommended,237110,29166257,Posted: 10 January,all,jEKa💙[M]💙,kidačina
,Recommended,237110,12144687,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,EndZiiel,Played a lot of  fighting games since MK1 on Nintendo and Tekken on PS1 but this would have to be the best fighting game iv played!. And probably the best one for PC gamers!. This game is packed with content and replayability!.  A must have for MK fans or even just fans of fighting games in general.
,Recommended,237110,271522,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Grim_2o0o,At least it isn't Street Fighter x Tekken.
,Recommended,237110,12260238,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[M4tth2w],Gameplay feels brillient and very responsive while the cutscenes are pretty badly ported.. Xbox360 Pad for windows is a must have. 9/10
,Recommended,237110,10791260,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rudolf Hess,Самая офигеная игра!
76561198126931790,Recommended,237110,10379790,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SibDib,Awsome...
,Recommended,237110,10342980,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dark_Spanker,Reccomended
,Recommended,237110,20529034,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TacticalTruth,"Mortal Kombat: 'Tis but a flesh woundMortal Kombat. The ninth game in the series, and my 2013’s 2015 fighting game of the year. A very auspicious and incredibly specific award.I have played many a fighting game, but I was always too young to really get into them. I would play them and have fun, learn a few special moves and a combo or two; but I never really dug into them. I either didn’t care, or didn’t see the point. Also known as not caring.But that changed when MKX came out, the most recent--and tenth-- Mortal Kombat. Now if you’re familiar with the PC release of MKX then you probably know why I’m reviewing MK9 and not MKX. HOLY CRAP was it bad. Luckily I didn’t take the plunge, but I heard stories of the game being next to unplayable. And even tales of the memory leaks ruining VRAM on graphics cards.And you thought the fatalities were brutal.All of that seems to be ironed out at this point. But it left a bad taste in many people’s mouths, and talk around the web is that the PC version is pretty dead because of it.But that’s a different game. This is MK9, which I am happy to say is a really fun fighting game. It’s not exceptionally complex, but it’s just deep enough to be rewarding when you can pull of a 38% combo and make your friend’s jaw drop.MK9 has a pretty decent Story Mode, that has a great campy story for you to fight your way through, with plenty of convoluted reasons for everyone to fight everyone else. The major problem I have with it is Shao Khan. That ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has like 200% HP compared to a normal fighter and he’s very hard to stagger; so the fights devolve into you using cheesy tactics to beat him. Which sucks.Fortunately MK9 also has a Challenge Tower, that lets you go through something like 350 unique fights that require some kind of requirement to be met to succeed. For example: One fight had me playing as Nightwolf against Scorpion, and I could only deal damage to him in a spotlight that would periodically move around the arena. The challenges are rather interesting ways to change up the formula, although sometimes they can be pretty frustrating… But hey, your milage may vary!Sadly the online component for this game seems to be dead. I tried to get into a match the other day and there was no one else playing, at least at the time. Everyone has probably moved onto newer fighters. My assumption would be MKX on the consoles.But it should be said, I have played almost all 39 hours of MK9-- alone. Only fighting the AI. That’s no small amount of time. And in that 40 hours, I’ve been able to become decently proficient with three or four characters, too!There’s a fun game behind all the blood and guts. And, in my opinion, the over the top violence adds a good deal of humor to the whole affair.If violence bothers you, then I’m sure you’ve already decided not to play this game. But if you’re looking for a decent fighter to maybe get your toes wet in the genre, and you don’t want to drop $60 on a new release, MK9 is a pretty great starter.Plus you get to rip people’s spines out, Predator style. How can that not be a selling point?If your interested I say pick it up and give it a go. But remember, MK9 is pretty old at this point and you’ll probably not find a very active online player base.But I’ve definitely gotten my money’s worth out of this one, and enjoyed every bit of it.Like this review? Check out100hoursave.comfor more."
,Recommended,237110,20558376,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ハル　>_<,(I have played this game for about 50 hours outside Steam)I am an MK-fan. I have been playing Mortal Kombat since MK II on Genesis.This game is the only Mortal Kombat I can recommend after MK Trilogy (Well actually MK4 was decent).Even MKX doesn't meet my criteria.I would say that every aspect in this game is better than MKX BUT 3 points:- MKX provides better graphics- MKX allows you to preform brutality- And Single match mode
76561198271824488,Recommended,237110,20551453,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Welp,it doestnt work  ;) jk
,Recommended,237110,13229644,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ShadowOTD #Ramen,"The joy of life, It is ZI best fighting game ever created. EDBOON IS THE MAN.9.8/10 ""BALAHAHAHBAHBAHBAALABBA"" -Raiden"
,Recommended,237110,15194521,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,PΟSΞφDοΠ,"It's been a long time coming, but the PC version of Mortal Kombat is every bit the focused, gruesome, and ludicrously over-the-top fighter as its console counterparts, not to mention the best looking. It pushes the boundaries of taste to the extreme with eye-popping attacks that see you ripping your opponents in half, impaling them on spikes, and stamping on their chests while their internal organs bounce around like tetherballs. And, thanks to the inclusion of all the game's DLC to date, it's jammed full of great new content and challenges."
76561198219040844,Recommended,237110,15190724,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bmillard60,fun hard to master if your waiting for mortal kombat x this is the game for you if you arent i still highly recamend this game
,Not Recommended,237110,15356369,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,RoninGazelle,They remove Kratos0/10
76561198116469842,Recommended,237110,10346478,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Xpozd,i am disapointed =(( it's in Spanish!!!!
76561198202313250,Not Recommended,237110,21835611,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,dragonmaster2359,yes the mortal kombat franchise is without a doubtthe best fighting game out there but if you want to play mortal kombat(2011) get it on console i mean  personally im a pc gamer but i played my mortal kombat 1 time then i could not get i the game so i thought to myself maybe if i uninstalled it i would be able to play it another time but today i finally got it reinstalled and i wanted to play it but when i clicked on its icon it did the whole dragon logo for 1-2 seconds then went away and i waited for about 10 minutes  but after it did nothing   but if you have the console that it was made for more power to youbut if you are a pc gamer like me do not get your hopes up so please netherealm fix it please i would like to finish your game as long as i can not get in to it it will stay a  thumbs down
76561198105428379,Recommended,237110,13720479,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hitler,best game euw
76561198123533843,Recommended,237110,13477179,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Foxtail,well is a very funny game and i like K
,Recommended,237110,28930725,Posted: 1 January,all,Famous Noob,what a great fighting game
76561198009480051,Not Recommended,237110,28981455,Posted: 3 January,all,Hawkeye0078,"cant change resolution in settings, tried on 3 diffrent computers, weak, weak and lame"
,Recommended,237110,20672249,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[SuBz] Servio,Great games runs perfect in high graphics ! i think the fatalitys where they get ripped are better than mkx's but where they get chopped in half but something sharp mkx's really shows the detail not only in fatalitys but in characters too !
76561198072872199,Recommended,237110,19120516,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,mala,"I didn't play the game but I grow up with MK. So, now that I had some spear money I bought the game to support the company. Unfortunately the others I couldn't buy them at old times because I didn't have any job/money :)"
76561198136235875,Recommended,237110,18026540,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Palermo,"Well..... it's Mortal Kombat.... so what you think it's gonna be like.It is awesome.Bloody, violent, fun, challenging, awarding.I struggled to play with mouse and keyboard but when i switched to controller everything was better.I had tons and tons of fun with this game.Lots of content, unlockables, nice story, dark atmosphere, awesome characters.I recommend this."
76561198023300388,Recommended,237110,10383746,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,K.F.H.,AWSOME!
,Recommended,237110,11043675,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,-Ian- JUSHTISH,Punch people in the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥including female characters even though it wouldn't even hurt them because females don't get hurt when they get punched in the♥♥♥♥♥♥genitalia.
76561198114976378,Recommended,237110,16663945,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OG Pump,its d4nk memes
76561198070457952,Not Recommended,237110,17098049,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ammar_al_sharif,"I have  Windows 8This game worked one time with me after that it never open again i dont know why , i tryed to reinstall it but still not working .all other steam game work fine with me exepte this game , so sorry i will vote negativeI hop supporting team could hellp me"
76561197970692526,Recommended,237110,448948,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Xerkics,Like an old friend you havent seen for a long time this game is a pleasure to meet again updated with new gen graphics. Really enjoyable classic MK experience.
,Recommended,237110,11992922,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LobsterMobster,"I love the entire MK franchise. when I purchased this game I was able to play it for a few hours, but when I went to relaunch it, it didnt work!So make sure you have the computer capacity to play this game.Now im going to talk to steam about getting a refund."
76561197967974872,Not Recommended,237110,11241944,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Nit3H8wk,Just like the original mortal kombat with original moves and fatalities with much more content and current graphics. Runs super smooth on my alienware 18. This game was properly ported from console. If you are an MK fan or just like fighting games in general i would definitly recommend this. Since MKX support was dropped on pc i can no longer recommend WB or NRS games DO NOT BUY THEM.
,Recommended,237110,15336930,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,♪♫DJ KUSH♫♪,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.
76561198093647733,Recommended,237110,10403032,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,raging,This game is so hectic from killer x-ray hits to 20 hit combo's it can't get better than that :)
,Recommended,237110,10412067,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Inky,:O You really can rip spines out legally! Well at least in this game.
,Recommended,237110,7066128,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,illuminati,Охуетительная игра!
,Recommended,237110,26854493,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,$00p4h $wλg Playyah | Trade.tf,I liked how we can spam the buttons for easy way out of winning.
,Recommended,237110,18762762,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,P A N D A,"Cool games ,goreCool fighting"
76561198089816509,Not Recommended,237110,20835028,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,katlyn.gallivan,let me get this out the way I like mortal kombat but this game is so unbalanced and is extremely cheap when fighting the AI they expact you to pull off moves and combos with such stupid lay outs for them as you get your♥♥♥♥♥kick but the AI who seem to be able to pull off combos like theres no tomorrow and even when you are beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them they just pull off what seem like unblockable moves thats just ♥♥♥♥ you over completely oh and the best i love is when they are laying on the floor they can magical just pull of a special move straight off the ground yet you can't and don't get me started on how extremely unbalanced the boss fights are gonro is so full of♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game its not even funny.because of this game which i was actually looking forward on playing again has now made me realized why i stopped playing mortal kombat all together.To be honest the only thing i like in this game besides when you get a fun fight going or the practice mode which seems to be the only time you'll actually enjoy the game is that it came with the all the dlc and rain is amazing character which i enjoy playing as him besides that this game is far from being fair in anyway.If anyone does read this just know i dont hate mortal kombat at all or in anyway i just wish the games could be more balaced and fair.Oh and by the way i ♥♥♥♥ing hate johnny cage so much so overpowered in this game for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason.
,Recommended,237110,12155847,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,RUMBALLZ csgoroll.com,people that have played recent mortal kombats or any will love this game
,Recommended,237110,18076086,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,hipster hunter,"Despite the fact that this is a bad port with bad cinematic image quality, it's a great game overall. If you like a good fighting game, that's a good choice. Controller support + online."
76561198204871913,Not Recommended,237110,18076949,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,I wumbo you wumbo,it does not work
76561198082488609,Not Recommended,237110,18094445,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Asterlun,I downloaded the game once thinking it was done and didnt play it. I tried to load the game a few hours later and it would not load. I restarted my computer twice and now it is buggy downloading. I don't expect much since it is 75% off at the time of writing but it was so not worth buying a game you cant even download or play. Do not buy it.
76561198195945186,Not Recommended,237110,18101979,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,chainerkill,i buyed it i played it like 1 hour i turned it off and when i wanted to play it again it doesnt respond its a good game but this really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off!!!!
76561198185579770,Not Recommended,237110,18109332,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Burger King,when i press play mortal kombat it starts for a second then it closes
76561198248560186,Not Recommended,237110,18110328,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,llamasattack16,"WHY CANT I PLAY IT ANYMORE! I JUST BOUGHT IT LAST NIGHT, AND I PLAYED IT ONCE THIS MORNING, NOW ITS NOT WORKING!PLZ FIX AND ILL TRY AND CHANGE!"
76561198136086128,Recommended,237110,15285062,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Noob_a_Nate.,FINISH HIM......
76561198130165618,Recommended,237110,16488117,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dustyy,"Well, where do I start. The story is a good story, kinda weird though with Raiden's visions. You get to play as a variety of characters in the Mortal Kombat universe (Johnny Cage, Cyrax just to name a few). Ladder mode is like any ladder should be, start out pretty easy and progress as you defeat more opponents. But once you get to the end and have to face Shao Kahn, prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked a few times unless you are a Mortal Kombat veteran. He has a move for everything you do. You jump, he shoulder thrusts you. You block high, he hits you with his dissolvable hammer down low. Oh, and I should probably mention his X-Ray does 52% damage. But overall this game was amazing and I really enjoy playing it. Must buy for Mortal Kombat fans!!"
,Recommended,237110,8377118,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,𝔅Ƭ | Neph,"Great fighting game, had it when it was first released on console and still occasionally play it now. Very enjoyable for MK fans and people interested in trying out a fighting game will be very pleased with this."
76561198138577307,Recommended,237110,14424387,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Diogenes,Rage simulator 9000
,Recommended,237110,13835227,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Terrance,аще ахуэнэ!
,Recommended,237110,15405718,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Andro,"Fatallitys are like My Life, a ♥♥♥♥ing Mess."
76561197999437973,Recommended,237110,15150691,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Omack47,Awesome Game!!
,Recommended,237110,7688391,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,miNxyy [⇌],"Must Have, Game of The Year For Me!"
76561198102249754,Recommended,237110,16002743,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,_THEBLACKANG3L_,Pretty awesome. Buy it. Better than MKX.
,Recommended,237110,13170180,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,itzjayc,"First and foremost if you've been eyeing this game for online game play, I would suggest that you spend your money elsewhere. You'll get nothing but lag. The net codes are just horrible.The game itself is awesome, the story has been a little revamped and the graphics are quite considerable. Even if you are not familiar with the MK franchise itself, you can simply jump into the game, especially if you are into fighting games.The only thing I would want to add is if you've been following the franchise you would notice a significant difference towards the combo's especially when you compare it to MK3. But if such pattern doesn't bother you that much, then this would be a game for you.You can also find this game to be on sale more often ( 50% - 75% off)."
76561198105953717,Recommended,237110,15452646,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Grovyle,Great game but the server game play is bad but anyway i'll recommend this but please fix it and focus on this and MKX
76561198054710247,Recommended,237110,27884369,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ﾐTroll Hunter彡,Nice fighting game with good story mode
,Not Recommended,237110,29129489,Posted: 8 January,all,The Quonqueror,"Doesn't even work on my computer.  I got to play it once, and now I get the splash screen, and then it stops running.  I've tried launching it from different sources, deleting and reinstalling, and it still doesn't work.  I got it on sale for only $4.99, but I want my hard earned $5 back."
76561198058348813,Recommended,237110,22039080,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,=SWFT= Kix,"A little challenging, but way worth the money. But wait for a Steam Same!But this game you won't  regret paying £3.74 like I did!"
76561198184026265,Recommended,237110,25392466,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MASSIVE LEGEND HERE,A dank game if you want to 1v1 your newb friend on 1 pc/keyboard offline
,Recommended,237110,5168658,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Jikojisei,"Очень хорошая игра, на моё удивление управление на клавиатуре куда удобней, чем на Геймпаде Xbox 360, но это лично моё мнение, обязательна для покупки."
76561197982810452,Recommended,237110,30771231,Posted: 27 March,all,T & A,"Great so far, very decent port of the console version, online play I am yet to try but I play this for nostalgic reasons as I loved the first 2 Mortal Kombats and this is a retelling that gets the best elements from those 2 games as well as the sequals.Play it just for the single player experience. I am yet to get a joystick as I am not a fan of playing this on a gamepad as I always played it in the arcades using a stick, may update this review later on."
,Recommended,237110,30934000,Posted: 3 April,all,★ iDestroyXboX™ ★,Awesome Game
76561198077686161,Recommended,237110,6863056,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Lucifer,Get over here!!!
,Recommended,237110,12795039,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rap Game Einstein,Got this on sale for $5 and it's great to play locally. I would recommend this to use with a gamepad. I played for about 3 hours straight with my friend.
,Recommended,237110,12878962,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Fitroni,"over all, I likes,,full blood nice game"
76561198101744701,Recommended,237110,12754815,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DeathDealer251,"Just a bit of warning for readers of this review, this review is somewhat lengthy as I try to explain all the important details of this game in short, but descriptive paragraphs. This game just has so much content that it’s hard to sum it up in one or two paragraphs. If you’re still interested in reading my review, enjoy!Mortal Kombat 9 is the great return to the very gory and satisfying fighting game series. This return to mortal kombat offers a lot to any fighter fans alike, great character roster and an excellent combat system that is not too difficult to learn but offers a good amount of challenge to master. Mortal Kombat 9 also introduces a new special move system called the x-ray attack, which showcases the bone breaking bits that you get to see with a press of two buttons.Story:The game offers a detailed story mode that allows players to know a little bit more of each of the characters in the roster. The developers also set up the story mode in a way that you don’t need to play all the other mortal kombat games to get a good understanding of the story for this game. For length, I got about seven to eight hours of gameplay from this mode, so it does offer a good amount of time for any story mode player. The only negative I have to say is that the ending to the story mode was kind of unsatisfying and a bit of a sequel bait in my opinion.Arcade:Arcade is just the traditional mode in any fighting game that lets you play as any of the characters from the roster freely, while others have to be unlocked form the story mode. It offers a good amount of opponents to fight and like every other mortal kombat game; you get to go against a very tough and somewhat unfair final battle. I won’t spoil the final boss of the arcade ladder, but the battle itself is a bit unfair as the final boss has a golden shield that can make him invincible for one second. This means that if you land a punch to stun him and the golden shield pops, he can just instantly hit or grab you while being close to him automatically, dealing tons of damage that can sometimes kill you instantly. Other than that arcade mode is a pretty fun time waster and practice mode to fight against bots or against a friend.Extras: The game also offers a few extra modes that include challenge tower and the crypt. Challenge tower is pretty much what the title states, a set of about two to three hundred different mini games or fights that increase in difficulty as you move higher up the ladder. Once you’ve completed the tower you get a special item that is somewhat disappointing, but also cool at the same time. Krypt is the traditional and scary return of trading coins you get from fights and using it to buy extras like artworks and costumes that are defiantly worth the purchase of any collector of in-game items.Summary: Mortal kombat 9 is an amazing fighting game that offers a lot to returning fans of the franchise, classic characters, new fighting combos, a new special move system and a solid story mode that fits into the mortal kombat universe very well. This is a fighting game that I can truly recommend to any fighting fan that also loves blood and gore…oh and did I forget to mention that fatalities are back?Pros:+ Komplete edition has everything, even all the DLC characters from the start.+ Great selection of classic characters from the mortal kombat universe.+ Solid storyline that can give about six-eight hours of total playtime.+ Great arcade mode that allows players to test their abilities against a set of easy or difficult bot opponents.+ Good amount of detailed and sometimes beautiful stage levels.+ Introduction to the most badass fighting system yet, the x-ray system.+ And of course, fatalities are back and bloodier than ever!Negatives:-Unsatisfying ending to the story mode.-Very difficult final boss fight in arcade mode, even on easy difficulty.-X-ray moves tend to get pretty boring and repetitive after you seen all of them from every character.-Unsatisfying reward for completing the challenge tower.Overall Score: 9/10 Amazing Fighting Game!"
,Recommended,237110,12929178,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The King,Game is wonderful to play. My only wish is that my friends wern't dirty console peasents and would join the PC Master race to join me.
76561198081545951,Recommended,237110,12813401,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tiggasaur,"This is by far the best Mortal Kombat I've played. Everything from the graphics to the actual gameplay is near perfection. And once you start playing online, the experience becomes even better. If you are a big MK fan this game is a must have."
76561198029490595,Recommended,237110,12830101,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,WELCOME TO UGANDA ZULUL,"Holy crap, those finishing moves! 11/10"
,Recommended,237110,12833560,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Landy,best mortal kombat game
76561198050367081,Recommended,237110,12834739,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,inertia,Gory goodness. Brutal. Metal. Boobs. Fatalities. 10/10
76561198133515448,Recommended,237110,12921168,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,An Odd Spy,Its awesome.But sometimes it doesnt launch the game but sometimes it does plz fix this bug c:
,Recommended,237110,12942734,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Seb Shaw,We played this at the office on the six screen uber-display we have normally showing off our work. It scales to that size amazingly. Watching a finishing move at 5.7K is EPIC.
76561198050796943,Recommended,237110,12951948,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pilot (Noam) pvpro.com,8/10I like this game. The story it self is very amazing. Only thing that is really bothering me... are the way you control your Charchter. Afret you play it a few times you may think you will know everything. But you forget it right after about a day.Besides from that a good game.
76561197997360227,Recommended,237110,12963198,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Dimsum5000,"Review based on a PS3 playthrough; please use a gamepad or fight stick to play this game on PC.Good Points: Amazing presentation, nostalgic game play, loads of gamer content, they gave MK fans exactly what they wanted (finish him!) and plenty of gaming modes to mess around inBad Points: Pacing and difficulty among A.I. is classically bad, MK purists may not completely agree with the story mode, definitely not the world’s best fighting mechanics, character endings are still 2D panel frames and not full cut-scene cinematics.Unique Strengths: The best single-player storyline of any fighting game, possibly the best presentation I’ve ever seen in its genre and it carries the weight of a nearly fifteen year old franchiseGamer Tastes: If you’re even the slightest fighting or MK fan and if you just enjoy watching blood and guts get thrown around your television screen.Worth Buying? - The people at NetherRealm Studios made sure a purchase was a requirement to fully enjoy this title.Theme: 9.5/10- Everything anybody loved about the older Mortal Kombat titles has returned in Mortal Kombat 9 but that doesn’t mean it’s all relevant in today’s world of gaming. The story is still unbelievably ridiculous; the characters are sexist renditions of classically bad Hollywood archetypes and the unnecessary amount of gore has returned. But that’s exactly what everyone asked for and many got it with copious amounts of satisfaction.Story Structure: 7.8/10- This is the best story mode you’ll get out of any fighter but this is still a Mortal Kombat story. Not much makes sense but as long as you go with it it’s actually a fairly entertaining experience. Followers of all previous Mortal Kombat games will thoroughly enjoy this reboot disguised as a continuation of the last episode in the main story. And I congratulate NetherRealm studios for even including an actual story in the first place; considering that most fighters barely include one to begin with.Game-play: 6.0/10- Everything I hated, and hopefully many would agree, from the older Mortal Kombat games have unfortunately returned in Mortal Kombat 9. The return to the side-scrolling method of fighting has already shown signs of Mortal Kombat’s potential as a tournament fighter but it is barely progressing to such a status. The strategy is greatly hindered by the exploits of the game’s major faults; an incredibly skewed balance between offensive and defensive fighter abilities with a myriad of cheap tactics ranging from every fighter. Luckily everything I liked (what little I did) from the original franchise’s game play returned with it.Soundtrack and Acting: 8.0/10- The overall voice acting is as terrible as the dialogue that goes along with it but that’s a default association for the Mortal Kombat universe; it’s what everyone should expect. The sound effects are sharp, tight with their animations and will echo through your ears in all its high-definition glory. And don’t forget the old-school soundtracks that hardcore Mortal Kombat fans know and love. Although little has changed as far as overall sound goes, for most, that’s the way they wanted it to be.Technical Quality: 10/10- Never have I seen a fighter so pretty, this is what a modern-day fighter should look like. It’s a nice change of pace from the comic and more cartoony looking fighters of today’s library meaning that such a visual tone is needed in today’s increasingly small line-up of triple A fighters. The developers also throw in queues from the original Mortal Kombat while evolving it with today’s technological capabilities. Do I enjoy watching a body dissolve in the background of the DeadPool level? Yes, very much so.Replay Value: 9.0/10- NetherRealm studios threw in so much added content outside of multiplayer and arcade ladder it almost seems as if  they expected people would be dissatisfied with the core features of the game. But in case you actually are, this game is still worth the purchase; challenge tower, test your might, sight, luck, fatality tutorials, the krypt, story mode, King of the Hill, tag team battles and so on and so forth. Not every extra feature seems to fit or be as worthy as the next but it is more appropriate than Tetris or kart racing.Conclusion: The presentation is amazing, the content, oh sorry I meant to say Kontent is overwhelming and the story mode is simply superb for any lover of the franchise. Although the title suffers from some of its previous outings (Shang Tsung borrows a fatality from Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe) and not all characters are present at first (where’s Rain!) much of what we loved about the original Mortal Kombat games has returned with a modern day bang. Even if the game suffers from mediocre game-play mechanics and finicky online connectivity (but honestly when have console fighters ever had good internet connectivity?) there isn’t much more a fan of the series could ask for.Overall Score (based on an average): 8.4/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,12467616,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,remroll3r,Terrible dont buy it its full of bugs and glitches and more then %75 of the time will not run without strong IT background you have to configure game files and system files and still it may not work.I do not recomend buying this item SCAM
,Not Recommended,237110,15296255,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,niKopol,Advanced Options Configuration does not save settings.Game does not save settings.No file to edit to fix wrong monitor issue because nothing saves a file.
,Recommended,237110,14346817,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,edgy sonic fanboy,why should i pirate this game to use mods.
76561198110960723,Not Recommended,237110,14595821,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Scorpion,I like this game but suddenly i couldn't open it anymore pls fix it
,Recommended,237110,18093993,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,CKRYSTA1,The Best game is over 10\10 Like my profile
76561198061185140,Recommended,237110,14578566,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Weekli,2 violent 4 u.8/10 Good for a fighting game.
76561198076583521,Recommended,237110,15513364,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Trindyulina is back,good game
,Recommended,237110,15920959,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jubae (Sportsnuts),"This version of MKKE is by far the best port I have ever played!! Netherrealm, you've done a Bang-Up job giving this game a PC port. I only have one complaint, and that is the netcode for playing online. Local multiplayer works very well, but I want to put my skills to the test! Playing online gives me that adrenaline rush and I want to keep on going. For me, the online doesn't lag but in the middle of a tense match and im in the middle of a combo with Baraka (yes he is my best) about to win the match and POOF! It shuts off the match! Also I never get any rank points or EXP and end up having to play local match over and over and over again. It will get annoying after a while, but as always, I enjoy the game and I hope in the future you can fix the netcode of the game! Congrats to the developer and keep on making good PC ports!!!! :DSportsnuts499 - 10/10"
,Recommended,237110,13796689,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Grimm,Toasty !
,Recommended,237110,15998662,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Tavi Is Back You Guys,It's like Mortal Kombat X but with PC optimization
76561198176433503,Recommended,237110,15331804,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,zazzmagicmaster,"I payed $5, and I was happy............Then I renamed my desktop shortcut, and the computer got it confused with my Mortal Kombat Arcade collection, and the game wouldn't load anymore................but for a fleeting moment I was happy, and I suppose that I'll be happy again when I get a more high performance computer with a kick♥♥♥♥♥graphics driver, so I can reload this..........whatever you do, don't try to rename the game if you already have some MK on your desktop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,237110,1509007,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Iury,Amazing Game!!
,Recommended,237110,7807149,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,StealthyJoe,One of my favourite games!
76561198064683117,Not Recommended,237110,18740857,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lord Obstructum,Even worse than Injustice. boring story with bad difficulty curve.
,Not Recommended,237110,18233594,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,FUCKFACE,it sucks i would not spend 20 dollars on this junk if it was on a console yeha but pc hell no
76561198041334475,Recommended,237110,13660924,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chaniel,MORTAL KOMBAAAAAAT!!!!!!!!!!
76561198160669978,Recommended,237110,13603768,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kwesiking,it stop working bros
76561198089386534,Recommended,237110,13616460,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nicos2001,its cool
,Recommended,237110,13639830,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DannySteele,
76561198080789194,Recommended,237110,7692917,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,dani bcrich,This game KICK♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047711462,Recommended,237110,29754072,Posted: 6 February,all,the Paper invader,Getting your♥♥♥♥♥whooped by cheap boss simulator
76561198029983247,Recommended,237110,30124507,Posted: 23 February,all,Highrollerman.caserandom.com,good game
,Recommended,237110,32901751,Posted: 27 June,all,Duck,Good Game.Would recommend a controller to play on it tho.
76561198054869597,Recommended,237110,10364127,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Creme Fraiche,♥♥♥♥♥TO THE BITS TO THE WALL
39085723094875489,Recommended,237110,30163693,Posted: 25 February,all,Qtrlion,10/10 best game
76561198019687758,Not Recommended,237110,21629466,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Malc1976,Just buy Street Fighter instead.
,Recommended,237110,9402278,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fergatron,Good game
76561198115379261,Recommended,237110,10363480,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,EpicPsycho202,Its a good game i know it is but u have to get the right stuff for it.When ever i play it says i don't have the graphics card.But i still recommend it.
76561198077069961,Recommended,237110,15348968,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BaLLZ D33P,cool
,Recommended,237110,15614530,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Wolf,i can't play the game now why
76561198078293318,Recommended,237110,15758235,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mproano,Okay this game was fun for the three houres i played it.  I exited it went to sleep woke up started to play it got to the dragon symbol and then i just stoped working so if anyone knows how to fix this plese tell me becasue this game is a really amazing game
,Recommended,237110,15619665,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The Flash,เข้าเกมไม่ได้อะครับใครรู้ตอบที่
76561198130568459,Recommended,237110,15622113,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BOT T1mK3y ◠_◠bets.ggskinwin.com,супер
76561198115995102,Recommended,237110,15697023,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,GODZILLA™,Great game!!!
,Recommended,237110,22163307,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sam,- more roster- better characters- you dont need OP PC requirementsThat sums it up really.= MLG 420 LOLOLOLOLOL U FOUND A SECRET PART XDXDXDXDXDDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDDXDXDXD
,Recommended,237110,15822061,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,skr00t,is gud lel
,Recommended,237110,22702823,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,akira,"Brilliant game, especially if you dont wanna spend all your cash (which you stole from your money box)into mortal kombat 10"
,Recommended,237110,22490470,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pepe snackbar,Still Better than Mortal Kombat 10
76561198293221232,Recommended,237110,22543841,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,tai4907,it fun
,Recommended,237110,21894323,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,病毒清洁剂,cool
76561198169909917,Recommended,237110,16066118,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,fuckoffwalter,I CHALLENGE YOU.....................  TO MORTAL KOMBAT!         ya see that?        games  so awesome  it's spelled with a K.  10/10 will play again and again and again.  except 4 the online mode. i mean wtf  man!    here i am ready to smack the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa some online kombatants  when low and behold. there's not a single solitary soul to be found. where the ♥♥♥♥ are you guys? (mk10 cant be that awesome. according to many of the people who said it is a garbage port.) but the trailer for it can   ya you guys know what im talkin bout. how many of you said holy ♥♥♥♥ i want this game after watchin that♥♥♥♥♥♥show between subzero (god rest his soul) and scorpion. anyway this review is about mk9 not 10. and i do recommend it to every one who likes beat em ups  EVERYONE!  on a selfish level to tho. 4 you see the more people who get it. the more chances ill have at their faces. oh and heads up to anyone knew to mortal kombat . this game is about beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anyone who stands in your way. it's about kompletely ruining a fatality by standing to close to your opponent or hitting the wrong button and punching them in the face instead. IT'S ABOUT FIGHTING SHOKAHN ON EXPERT DIFFICULTY AND REALIZING THAT YOU DUCKED TO AVOID A SPEAR TO YOUR CHEST WHEN HE THROWS A UNBLOCKABLE HAMMER AT YOU INSTEAD. (or jumped and vice versa).                  DO YOU EXCEPT MY CHALLENGE?
76561198170464429,Recommended,237110,17643804,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BOBBY PINEAPPLE JEFFERSON JOHNNY,"memorable things from mortal kombat: shao kahn wins shao kahn wins shao kahn wins, stupid krypt jumpscare, stuffing up a fatality, GET OVER HERE!, cheap moves, awesome costumes, babalities, and cheesy quotes. Now GET OVER HERE and buy the game!"
76561198170104821,Recommended,237110,17687207,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,zombieslayer25,"Best game in the wrld and outworld, get it lol XD. but seriosly this is the best game ever even better than mortal kombat x, and most fans would agree with me. so get this game u will be satisfied. i would rate the game 10/10. so if u havent played this game yet, wellplay it!!!"
76561198014876693,Recommended,237110,19968804,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arkantos4dead,"It will make you happy, but it will also make your right hand hurt if you play with it too long...I was talking about the game...buncha perverts."
76561198171526810,Recommended,237110,22598642,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Pound Town,Friendship ender simulator 2016.
76561198030849838,Recommended,237110,16636570,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The King of Bees,Shao Kahn OP
76561198128329909,Recommended,237110,32971399,Posted: 28 June,all,yippanator,good game. would be alot enjoyable if i owned a pc gaming controller.
,Recommended,237110,24995838,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Айфон хочу,кек
76561198032317229,Recommended,237110,17378091,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,eggerskyle,"Mortal Kombat 9 is a good game that bring back, 2d fighting at its best.  This is still the brutal MK we all love."
76561198061722946,Recommended,237110,17384123,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Chief Ducky,"This is a family-friendly game, useful for resolving disputes fairly."
,Recommended,237110,17346056,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,FW,A great retelling of MK1 that's so much of a guilty pleasure that you take pride in the fact that it's a guilty pleasure.
,Recommended,237110,17377259,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Easter,I learned how to button mash on a keyboard.It was fun.
76561198054437677,Recommended,237110,15960740,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DemoniusX,"A successor in every imaginable way in a fighting game. Mortal Kombat is a name that is known throughout retro gamers and modern gamers alike, it's a blood bath in brutal fighting. Mortal Kombat :KE is the definitive version of this game and has massive amounts of contact along with the core game itself which is legendary. Mortal Kombat: KE retells the story of the original mortal kombat trilogy in it's own way everything from the acting to the story itself being told in a way that keeps you glued to your seat. Normally newer versions of old games don't fare well at all and makes one wish of the golden era of when that original game transpired to return...Not with Mortal Kombat:KE!Mortal Kombat :KE has some of the most fluid game play in a fighting game I've ever seen in 2D.What made the appeal of Mortal Kombat originally was the blood and this game has plenty of that. Graphically breathtaking with facial expressions,detail and stage designs of high caliber are too be seen and definitely wins my award for ""artistic excellence""Control is how you set it up in any way you want that meets your fitting. There is so much content that you'll waste a good chunk of your time on the story, challenge tower and other modes that this is a purchase you won't regret making at all.I grew up on the original mortal kombat trilogy and to see a successor as perfectly made as it is makes me keep my hopes that more companies who want to revist their well-known franchise to reach a broader audience and can appeal to gamers of old and new comers of mortal kombat! If you are pondering about purchasing this I would definitely go for it. I love and adore this game through and through and if you enjoy fighting games with tons of gore and raw sex appeal with female characters....you will too!"
,Recommended,237110,23991165,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TehNeo,"Just playing the story mode, when posted at 50%... Absolutely brilliant game, nice way to "" quickly"" just beat someone up!I Played MK when I was a child, must have effed me up in my childhood for finding this a extremely enjoyable game!Story modes gives enough challenge, haven't tried the multiplayer yet... But think Ill get my♥♥♥♥♥♥beat...Finish him!Fatality!UppercutAll is there! Worth the moneyz!"
76561198121431015,Recommended,237110,27592289,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KaOsiToO,Really one of the kool games of the mortal kombat franchise. Just a great game
,Recommended,237110,26572618,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pervy Sage,"As a pretty old Mortal Kombat now, the overall story is the complete same. The new fighting system in this game is the fun in it. I personally suck at this game but when I do good, I feel rewarded when I push myself on the higher difficulites. It's worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,237110,21469723,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Shooshi ❤,why do it not work
,Not Recommended,237110,21454742,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,JavaMirier,"If on sale 75% and up, worth getting.Requires more skill thatn MKX and boss fights against 3 people/shao kahn (projectiles stun character for 3 seconds, dash attacks constantly, all moves have super armor, X-ray takes 52% of your health) make the game fun for 3 hours and then your fun plateaus at that point."
,Recommended,237110,10346511,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,wow if you love m k this is a must have
,Recommended,237110,12701375,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DIURNO,Great game!
,Recommended,237110,16095156,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kira is a Tomato,"Mileena the one and only waifu. Great♥♥♥♥♥and boobs, and a pretty face.And Shao Kahn is a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the last battle."
,Recommended,237110,18095981,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
76561198088484942,Recommended,237110,15291366,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,EEEEEEEEF,"awsome. just plain awsomeness. great DLC for it. love freddy, and i even pre ordered mortal kombat 10 because of this awsome game! keep  up the good work :)"
76561198189236242,Recommended,237110,26555928,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TfujTata,BEST GAME EVER !!!!!
,Recommended,237110,24453078,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Isaaciscoo,"I want to play this game so bad, waiting to build a computer fast enough. (Or way Faster)"
,Recommended,237110,28848791,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Fuuuuun
,Recommended,237110,31758867,Posted: 14 May,all,L O B A ❤,TIME TO BREAK THE KEEEEEYBOOOOOOOOOARDDDDDDD!!!!
,Recommended,237110,19264358,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aagion,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAwWPadFsOA
76561198087845151,Recommended,237110,7132273,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,UncleGeorge,Потекла малафья
,Recommended,237110,18271105,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,sf,"1 vs 1 me, brah... :)"
,Recommended,237110,8242740,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dusksirlink,"This game is bloody fun Literaly.  I really hated the MK series before for having way to gruesome deaths and everything.  Soon I discovered that I had never actually played the game. (except for a few fights with my cousin, but I sucked at it) I finally got MK Komplete Kollection.  The old games seemed really fun.  So I bought MK 9.  Now I realize this game is super fun.  I can't believe I couldn't have not given this game a chance.  Yes the port isn't as good as it could have been, it uses GFWL, and the game won't work as well on low grade PCs, but most of them usually can be fixed (except for the GFWL part).  I give this game a 8.5/10."
76561197998973574,Recommended,237110,10542006,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cosmic Cat,Get Over Here!And play this Game!
,Recommended,237110,19761463,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Foreverseeking,"I'm not a fighter lover, but this game had me compelled to play until the end of the story. It's not a very fluid fighter, and button mashing doesn't really work at all. The story is typical fighter game mumbo jumbo, but had enough plot to keep me wanting to see what happens. The only issue I had was that most matches could be won by learning and spamming one or two special moves. Then finally, the last boss, was so much more difficult and unfair then anything else in the game that it left a slight bitter taste in my mouth. Still, a high 7/10 for a game in this genre for me."
,Recommended,237110,3294985,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Black_Marco,Uma delicia
,Recommended,237110,8214317,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,420WWWYZZERDD,"Awesome! This is what MK truely is, it only took 9 games to get it!"
76561198329432931,Recommended,237110,32683911,Posted: 23 June,all,gioni mare gangster,i can't play online         the sesio is no longer avabile pls help
76561198024180814,Recommended,237110,8900818,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Superbassio,"One of the best fighting games I have played in a long time. Controls feel fluent, with both the keyboard and the controller, and are quite easy to master, as the combos are usually 4-5 buttons. Story mode is very interesting, and will give you a chance to play with almost every character. There is a wide variety of characters, which all have a great design, and because this includes the dlc, you get all of the dlc characters, classic costumes and classic fatalaties as well. Definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,237110,8940339,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,lexmirnov,"The same MK you played after school, only with modern graphics and trinkets. Lots of blood and gore, keep women and children away from the screen."
76561198049760841,Recommended,237110,11685712,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Issam,Nice game
76561198117602301,Recommended,237110,15654280,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ᴀᴠᴇ ʏɴʙ,KLASNAYA IGRA 10000/10
,Recommended,237110,7698753,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,dokartist,FINISH HIM !!!.......F_A_T_A_L_I_T_Y :]]
,Recommended,237110,10785515,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Unkindjolt,"Would play this for hours, unfortunately can't but would...i recommend this game for anybody over the age of 12 :P"
76561198121639913,Not Recommended,237110,15226640,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Wolfpack,played for 6 hours and now it is not working i click play and then then it says that i am playing it and then it just stops it doesnt load it just stops game stopped working please someone tell me how to fix this
,Recommended,237110,14815911,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Maxagaze,"Its made by ""netherealm"" studios, that have ""scorpion"" as their main mascot. They created mortal kombat. This is be best MK game so far. Till the next one will be released."
,Recommended,237110,10373606,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Psylent,"THIS IS NOT A GAME ... THIS IS A RELIGION !You don't need a review, if you don't know mortal kombat by now, you have failed at life and should throw out all gaming devices. This delivers Mortal Kombat to PC, works great with controller(s)."
,Recommended,237110,12165216,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Dr. Deezy,I disliked nothing about this game. Totally disappointed
76561198264493529,Recommended,237110,34187666,Posted: 12 August,all,FudoYusei007,Welcome to the tekken on drugs simulator
76561197998274743,Recommended,237110,1808173,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,The OutSider [NL],Finally a good fighting game on pc.. Waited a long time for this
,Recommended,237110,35276118,Posted: 28 September,all,The Dude,-insert kickass theme song-
,Recommended,237110,1471616,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Alpha17x,"If you have an arcade pc cabinet, this game should be on it.  and no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t GFWL."
,Recommended,237110,7792893,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Carlos Danger,I perfer the PS3 version. because of Kratos. However to judge this port on one version I prefer is unfair. It's a great game although I would still reccomend the ps3 version over the PC. Not bad though. Definately enjoyable
76561198161432405,Not Recommended,237110,19375976,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nacitrex,"As much as I love the Mortal Kombat games, this one is really buggy on PC. Low frame rates and glitches and crashes. Buy it on console."
76561198113717420,Recommended,237110,12232009,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Psychoceramic,Got to uppercut the balls out of SubZero as Scorpion.10/10 would uppercut again.
,Recommended,237110,10754203,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NotinSec,"Old school, fun, and everytime I play I feel like im on a retro rollercoaster."
,Recommended,237110,13811479,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,right proper lad,"Probably best fighting game for pc. For a Mortak Kombat, everything is almost perfect. And I loved the Story mod. It's really amazing work. figthings and cutscenes perfectly combined with an awesome Mortal Kombat storyline."
76561198151951148,Not Recommended,237110,15211529,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Azeriite,1/10 I CANT EVEN OPEN IT IT ONLY WORKS ONCE AND THEN I CANT EVEN OPEN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198346598788,Not Recommended,237110,28541134,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Woneltana,"Bought this game with massive discount during the recent autumn sales. The good thing about MK9 now years after initial release, I think, is its respectable story which is the groundwork of MK, so if you somehow missed it back in the 90s now it's your chance to understand what was going on between the realms. Then there is a robust roster of fighters not found in its successor; Rich with nostalgia for the players of old.The downside minus the dead online, is that while the mechanics aren't that different from MK10, some Kombatants, from the gameplay perspective, aren't designed good enough. In MK10 for example, I think all fighters are equally good if you master them, and who you pick for your next fight is a matter of preference. In MK9 however, it's like some of them lack something very important. Like they are either way too slow (Sub-Zero), lack a good chain combo (Noob) or simply aren't much fun to play as (like Liu Kang, who I can't help but feel fights like an unlubricated machine).Overall, I reckon this game had been a gem when it came out for PC, but today it's hard to recommend it with a certain confidence, bearing in mind the newer, more alive, more professionally made MK10."
,Not Recommended,237110,33066404,Posted: 30 June,all,Spyro ▀█▀ Dragon,0 Players online :'(
,Not Recommended,237110,32993367,Posted: 29 June,all,Kingxander123,"This isn't a bad game, i'll tell you that. the story is engaging, the combat is good although a bit tough (but you can change the difficulty). the gameplay is amazing and the graphics are really good too however the cut scenes are a bit ugly and can run slow on some pcsHowever, i give this a negative review cause it misses some very important features.Mutiplayer mode does not work, it's has huge issues.and even more importantly, there is no AI Battle mode, you can't choose what bots you wanna fight you either gotta play through the story untill you get to the character you like to play (and even than, you can't choose who you wanna fight) or do the ladder which is a hassle to go through and you might not even have the enemy you wanna fight in it. there's also no AI vs AI which is a feature many, many people love.Yes, you can fight friends locally, but you can't fight them online and you can only enjoy random battles with friends and it doesn't offer the same experience as AI Battles. It's a basic feature common in fighting games and yet this game does not have it, they even have the code to do it pretty much in the game, they just need to give an option to do it.If you can get pass no AI Battles and no mutiplayer than i recommend this game, but i'd recommend you get it on sale cause those are pretty big issues, but if those issues matter too you. i can not recommend it and i really regret purchasing this game if only i had know about the lack of AI Battles. i hope this review stops a few people from wasting their money."
76561198166702452,Not Recommended,237110,15661189,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Andyroo | csgoroll.com,crap mrtal kombat cant even start
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,237110,20660248,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Owlflame,Don't support Netherrealm. They don't care about you so you shouldn't care about them.
76561198072014937,Not Recommended,237110,10674266,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Da Real Five-seveN-25 [G.E.W.P.],"10/10Best fighting/killing game.-7 for difficulty, -3 for krypt scream/pop up [it makes the krypt unplayable], and -∞ for not being able to work on windows 8.Oh, and +0.01 for santa easter egg"
,Not Recommended,237110,20578438,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"very stupid story, even worse ending. the story was somewhat interesting until the last couple chapters, then just very stupid. the ending made it worse.PROS:good graphicslots of playable characterslots of moveslots of special movesCONS:horrible storyvery crappy endingall fatalities seem repetative, not much different from each other characters fatalities.story mode took way to long to beat for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ending that was offered.i dont really recommend this cause i didnt like it, but im not a huge fighting game kinda guy. if you like fighting games and like mortal kombat games then you will probably like this, id have recommended it if the story didnt suck half as much as it does."
,Recommended,237110,28893560,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DarkSalad,"10/10""He must win!"""
,Recommended,237110,13026820,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Drakus,Gore
,Not Recommended,237110,10343961,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,basilisk 69,Yeah REALY good GAME but it only makes your computer piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ so THANKS
,Not Recommended,237110,22597937,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Xtreme Command,Game doesnt work anymore dont buy
,Not Recommended,237110,23645415,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SouthieFace,Wont load.
,Recommended,237110,33826884,Posted: 27 July,all,GayShibe,How to be good at Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition:step 1: choose scorpionstep 2: repeat step 1
,Not Recommended,237110,26050571,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[]xxxx[;;;;;;;;;>,8/10 if the online multiplayer works.It doesn't for me so... 4/10
,Not Recommended,237110,10339032,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,BispoSnake,"Beware NVIdia Optimus owners - Atenção usuários NVidia OptimusCan't play it. I'm able to play any game in my current laptop, but unfortunately this game doesn't recognize my NVidia Optimus card (GT540M), just my Intel integrated card, and no way to make it recognize, so the game runs very slow, unplayable at all. Even WB support didn't care to reply an email I've sent about this issue, so... It's a waste of money. It's a shame, in the future I won't spent money with WB games - and won't buy Injustice due to the same reason, probably it won't run as well.Thanks for nothing, WB Games. ;)====================================Não consigo jogar. Rodo qualquer jogo no meu laptop, mas infelizmente esse jogo não reconhece minha placa NVidia Optimus (GT540M), só reconhece minha placa de vídeo integrada da Intel, e não há meio de fazer reconhecer. Até o próprio suporte da Warner nem se deu ao trabalho de responder à um email que mandei relatando o problema, então... Acho que é dinheiro jogado lixo mesmo. Uma pena, no futuro vou ficar mais esperto em gastar grana com esses jogos da Warner - e não vou pegar Injustice justamente pelo mesmo motivo."
,Not Recommended,237110,24180013,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TailGundham,"TL;DR:Buy the game if you wanna sell your dignity to a single player only popular fighting game.There is a common knowledge that warner bro's as a publisher don't really care about PC gamers. This excuse of a port is one a great example to it. But I am sure you've all heard about Batman Arkham Knight's port. Anyways. Let's get into the game it self:The game is a good game when it works. Single player is there without any problems. Multiplayer however is a huge mess. Back when I first bought this game there were people in multiplayer strugling to fix the lag and issues of this game. The strugles proved useless as the problem was in netcode and dev's stated they weren't going to do any patch to fix the game. Now, however (the time of my speaking is June 2016) multiplayer is completly deserted.As a fighting game Mortal Kombat relies more on reflex than knowledge. The combo's are fairly simple to mannage (esspecialy on a controller). Compared to other fighting game's I've had the experince with (SkullGirls and Ultra Street Fighter 4) It is somewhat simpler but not completely more ""noobish"".The graphics are good. Gameplay (when it works) is solid. But the port is♥♥♥♥♥♥I hoped this game would introduce me to fighting games but I was wrong.Normally I would tell you to buy the game if you don't care about multiplayer that much. But I really think you should just skip this. Don't give money to a company that doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about what you think.Maybe check out Skull Girls instead or a bit more expensive USF4 that imo is overally a better game."
76561198138576669,Not Recommended,237110,15384833,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,montgomerytom1957,"Another game that doesn't work will not run or load , from Steam. I want my money back . what a scam sell ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and than blame the buyer when their games don't play"
76561198075673573,Not Recommended,237110,18080043,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,wrygrass,"I rate Mortal Kombat: Komplete Edition 2.5/5. It's almost OK and I'm really happy I bought it for only 6 dollars.Okay, let's get the good things out of the way. This game has a large number (but not variety) of characters, difficulty levels and modes to choose from making this a highly replayable game. The graphics are pretty good as is the sound. I encountered no bugs. Every character has their own somewhat unique moves.But...the characters are generally much of a muchness. There are ninjas, musclebound grotesques and scantily clad women (with one departure from this rule). Asides from those 3 basic character types (or within those character types) there is little variety. The voice acting is so bad it may be purposefully bad and the music is largely mediocre. The graphics are not amazing (they are simply good). This game is, like its predecessors, highly repetitious and, also true to its predecessors, the controls are quite obtuse and have a sharp learning curve (though this is the most user-friendly Mortal Kombat game I have ever played thanks largely to the lists of moves and their corresponding buttons made easily accessible from the pause menu allowing players to teach themselves new moves on the fly).But (and perhaps worst of all) unsurprisingly there are numerous features and special arenas and character skins that need to be unlocked to be used (I'd guess about 50% of the total content this game has to offer needs to be unlocked by playing the game and earning ""Kombat Koins"") Locking up all this content from the start merely comes off as a hassle, particularly to someone like me who only wants to play this game casually and has little intention of ever playing it thoroughly (the lack of depth of this game's gameplay and shallow plot ensure that I will not want to play it thoroughly as the game does not intrinsically lend itself well to being played in such a way). Locking features and content up is not the same as creating a game which has true intellectual or artistic depth.The menu system and the buttons assigned to them are extremely obtuse also. The totally obtuse Kombat Kodes system needed for using things you've previously unlocked persists as well (things you unlock should be accessible from dedicated menus, or rather in such a game as this, everything the game has in it should be accessible from menus and should never need to be unlocked. I paid for the game, now give me everything it has to offer so everything which was created may then impress me). As in all previous Mortal Kombat games, the arenas which have initially been made accessible are randomly selected when you begin a match. In essence, this game (Like all previous Mortal Kombat games) gives you a general lack of choice and a lack of access to the plethora of content that it may potentially offer. Not a surprise by any means but that does not diminish the fact that this aesthetic is an intrinsically irritating one.This is an OK game for casual playing I guess but it lacks many nifty options which it could have had and is, as a direct result, more irritating and cumbersome than it needed to be and thus not as good as it could have been. This was no surprise to me however. I bought this game for 6 dollars (it was on sale on steam for 75% off) and knew what I was getting for my money. I write this review so you will know to not buy this game unless you see it for a similar price."
,Recommended,237110,12368802,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Ready2Die,"Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition is a bone crunching fighting game which is insanely brutal and alot of fun when you play with friends or just by yourself.With many characters to choice from , you can punch, kick , decapitate your way to the top of the ladder or smash your way through the amazing campaignMy favourite character is  Quan chiWHO WILL YOU PLAY AS-LONGATONG out"
,Not Recommended,237110,12174154,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Plz DONT  RIPORT,Its now working!!!
,Not Recommended,237110,23424248,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,❤Unicorn - Minako❤,WHY WONT IT LOAD!
76561198199711854,Recommended,237110,25629347,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Slimy_Slim//Flash,GET MORTALK KOMBAT 10 9 IS KINDA BADBut i still like it and its fun BUT JUST SAYING GET MKX NOT MK9
76561198097060893,Recommended,237110,12717144,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,tried to do a fatality .. turned into a normal kick.. could fatality again 100/10
,Not Recommended,237110,12290927,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Qi Ling An,"Can i get a refund? This game run the first time, but never ever since then.be careful before buying ported game, cuz some r broken like this one.Not recommended."
,Recommended,237110,10939002,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Turtle Bucket,Spoiler Liu Kang dies.
76561198085208269,Not Recommended,237110,10338726,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,OzyCozy,"the video memory error .: D3D error :.Incredible , i got a pc with 512 mb video card and 3.5 gb ram , and i hav payed 3.74 for this game , everything seemed fine till auto optimisation came along , i wan't re-fund ."
76561197983367080,Not Recommended,237110,28919193,Posted: 1 January,all,Mr. Spongecake,"THE ONUS OF GETTING YOU PC PORT TO WORK PROPERLY SHOULD NEVER BE ON THE PLAYER.Takes forever to load up on my gaming PC and this game is the only one with that problem. I have one hour of playtime listed but only 20 of that was actually playing the game and that was to test to see if the other issues ever got resolved. About 5 or so was in menus.Some of the sounds just outright don't play. Light hits sound like whiffs because the impact sound isn't there, but the one getting hit is making his ""ouch"" noises. Doesn't sound right and just makes the game silly.Drops frames VEHEMENTLY if compatibility mode isn't set to Windows 8. Also has the tendency to make your entire computer UN-FREAKING-USABLE if you try to quit the game as sometimes it will just sit on a black screen where none of your key-combos (ctrl-alt-del, alt-enter, etc etc) work so you have to hard reset your computer. This is also fixed by setting compatibility mode to Windows 8 but why should I have to do that to prevent a game from turning my computer into a paperweight?Just get this game on console. Whoever ported this game to PC did an incredibly sloppy job."
76561198146640621,Not Recommended,237110,22526744,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,mindbender1500,it would let me play once that is it now i can not play
,Recommended,237110,18752438,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,LL KooL K,"THe best! Oh yes it is!The story, the graphics, the gameplay, are all perfect!THe only thing I wish players to do is to go to online tournaments.Other than that I rate it 10.5/10!!"
,Not Recommended,237110,9874811,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,chappelldeven04,"Thanks steam, once again a game that i can only play once!!!!!! No refund available, audastic"
,Not Recommended,237110,20935003,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,|K@MI|TheCloneWars2008TVSeries,Broken game 10/10
76561198208947923,Not Recommended,237110,25043905,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,blazikin18,Bought it when on sale. downloaded it. showed the mk logo then disapeared. the game never started up. gave me a black screen. would love to play it. too bad i cant-IGN 1/10too much waiting time
76561198120854166,Recommended,237110,20375860,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,"Mortal kombat is in my opinion the best fighting series, and mk9 is the best game in the series, the game has the same combat that your used to but with a surprisingly good story, it has twice as many characters a mkx and twice the maps. Unfortunately the online is broken, its impossible to find players to fight, that being said the single player is still very fun and offers hours of gameplay. Awesome game, I recommend  to anyone a fan of fighting games, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,237110,10306204,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Big Benis,I like it
,Recommended,237110,10361424,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,heyburrito,The game is very fun and exciting.
76561198208479412,Not Recommended,237110,14302068,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,NXTG3N3RATiiON,"Hello Steam community i am new here i find this amazing how everything works just purchased skyrim , fallout they both play smooth like a criminal because i have the maximum requirements for the games to run smoothly i also have the maximum requirments for mortal kombat i just purchased yesterday , yet this games runs terrible on my pc the online is absolutley disgusting it lags offline and online yet i have the requirments to play the game can anyone is this lovely community tell me how to contact anyone regarding a refund because this game is miselling everything it tells you in the description is a complete lie."
,Recommended,237110,9897164,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,KiraDeathScythe,"STILL has to be one of my favorite games of all time.. Current especially, anyway! Can't wait for more MK!!FINISH HIM!!!!"
,Recommended,237110,15988092,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kado,nice game
,Not Recommended,237110,20793594,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mumu7585,Won't launch
,Recommended,237110,18073265,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,spook zone,reccomend for toddlers
,Not Recommended,237110,21986763,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Top hat Jack,It won't let me play after 4 hours. I tried to fix it but I can't. Anybody know how to fix this?
,Not Recommended,237110,10339136,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Misandric Bitch,buy a good controler/controler adapter b4 you purchase this game
,Not Recommended,237110,11115057,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Xavinny | B> Skins | S> Supreme,"if you dont have a video aspect of 6.10 or better, or a nvidea geforce 8800, you wont play this game, i want to see this problem fixed 1 1/2 stars"
,Recommended,237110,12548363,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CJ HUNTER,"Beside multiplayer and co-op, this great game has a lot of amazing content including story mode, tower challenges and other stuff that needs to be unlocked."
76561197975721957,Not Recommended,237110,14369588,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Snoqualmie,"Of all the games I've bought on steam, this is the first I take the time to write a review for.  The game is buggy as hell and crashes frequently.  Worse, is the abysmal default keyboard hotkeys which are so unintuitive they had me googling ""how to exit to main menu in mortal kombat steam""!!.. If I have to google how to get to the main menu then you obviously just don't get it."
,Recommended,237110,7837154,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fell From Grace,Very fun. I was tired of always playing generic shooters so I bought this to try something new and I have to say once you get passed the learning curb you still need a while to get the combos down. 9/10
,Recommended,237110,11280371,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Peejay,"Im a bit dissapointed, i thought this is Mortal Wombat, there are no wombats in this game and i am sad, 11/10"
76561198255801594,Not Recommended,237110,21095611,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,chancejbecker21,it doesnt work..says its running and isnt
,Recommended,237110,16518843,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JoypunkZero,"Shao Kahn wins! Is an under statement, also boobs do jiggle.10/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,20338610,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ZadeZM,"Maybe im not a fan of Mortal Kombat apparently, but this game is boring...Combos take too long to do and too complicated to figure out and is pretty bad graphics with no story... 2/10"
,Recommended,237110,12874278,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Gunchar,Yes i do recommend this game ! BUT! there is one but! in ranked matches im playing with guys with 1298913823918239182 wins and 0 loses when i have only 10 wins ... this is bad for this game
,Recommended,237110,12810812,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BobbyBobkins,"I don't play much MK but when I do, its because of the MKX trailer's theme song that encourages me to finish the whole game and start loving this game. And above all else, LIUUUUUU KANGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG, is the man, even though he died with his own fire and Raiden's lightning crap. Oh yea, you will hear ""Shao Khan WINS"" a lot when you are against him cuz he is the most OP boss ever, Shang Tsung is not too bad but this motherf*ker is too much for me, btw im using a keyboard to play this and yes i do pull out a few combos on baddies. So don't be afraid or ashamed of yourself by googling ""how to defeat Shao Khan (F*CKING EASY WAY)"" cuz i bet most of the players that review this probably did so like me. Too bad Jade died, her and Scorpion are my main, and Jade won't be in MKX but Scorpion is cuz he is on the trailer :D.9/10 cuz of Shao Khan OPness and my fingers are real tired after all that intense pressing."
76561198072656489,Recommended,237110,12755760,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Noruke,"Only 1 ♥♥♥♥♥, Proves whites are the greater race!"
,Not Recommended,237110,13785853,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sirius,Total waste of money.
,Recommended,237110,4295591,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,warzchiEf_  ᕦ(ò_ó*)ᕤ,ohhh lalala ! HAIYAAAAAAA! *fatality*  ^_^
,Not Recommended,237110,10340084,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,rokuwolf,My review will be excatly how long the game last...SHORT! After first installation it's fine and dandy then you try to play again and you can't even start it. I want five dollars and .4 hours of my life back. Hope I can save at least one person.
76561198128199140,Not Recommended,237110,16539868,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dirty Randy,Game doesn't even start after the first time playing.  Waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,237110,14280163,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Саня Крематорий,The most laggy game ever. Its just impossible to play. NEver buy it.
,Not Recommended,237110,8552475,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ThaRealBlazee,When I start the game it works like a charm when I exit and click play It shows the dragon logo and exits the MKKE I click play again and same thing please help!!!!
,Recommended,237110,11200330,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,*.zip,"A 100% perfect port of the 2011 console release on 360 & PS3.  Only, better!  All DLC is included, better visuals and more options.  The ONLY thing that stands out in this title, is the fact that all the hidden/dlc characters are already unlocked, including the alternate outfits.  I am not sure what else is given to you, but the Krypt still charges you to buy stuff, regardless of already owning it.  Doesn't bother me though.  Highly recommended if you are a fan of the franchise, or want a great alternative to Street Fighter 4."
,Not Recommended,237110,11118555,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,[P2D] Breadstick,"I was thoroughly enjoying this game until the first time I came up against Shao Kahn in story mode.This enemy spams moves excessively and the only way I could defeat him was by spamming a ranged attack until the timer ran out.This made my victory feel cheap and meaningless, but nevertheless I pressed on through the story.I was beginning to enjoy playing the game again, and relished in my victories after defeating Shao Kahn, even when I was up against two four-armed enemies in a tag-team-two-against-one match,  the fight was more fair than my bout with Shao Kahn.But then the game came to ♥♥♥♥ me again.Shao Kahn reared his ugly face once more, and I again found myself cursing his existence as he spammed his over-powered moves that connect through blocks and cancel out any attacks I try to pull off, dealing massive damage to my character again and again and again.But this time round, I've got no ranged attack.Instead I am forced to repeatedly teleport behind him and try to uppercut before he gets one of his devastating moves in.I'm infuriated that the developers of this game would choose to put such a cheap enemy into the story line, and ruin what was shaping up to be one of the best fighting games I'd ever played.I've never felt so cheated in all my gaming life, and this one enemy has genuinely ruined the entire experience for me.For that reason alone, I urge you not to buy this, unless of course you're into getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in a truly unfair fashion, and losing repeatedly, only to win via cheap tactics and feel wholly-unfulfilled as a gamer."
76561198090958432,Recommended,237110,13191765,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,HomeChicken,"Probably my favorite fighter these days.  Look, the characters are basically immortal in terms of getting annihilated and being fine 1 min later, but that is part of the charm.  This game might irk (annoy) feminists or hippies, but honestly they do not get the charm of the game and obviously it is not for them.  EXTREMELY well done and lots of fun.  I have the 360 bersion but I like the CPU version much better since graphics are superior and I prefer keyboard.  Have fun!!!"
,Recommended,237110,32217108,Posted: 6 June,all,CostlyBacon,A casual game thats great for the kids!
76561198048915872,Not Recommended,237110,30123293,Posted: 23 February,all,thtkidfrmvab,This game is UNPLAYABLE. Shutters and lags during offline gameplay as well as online. I cant even select my characters due to the Blackscreen bug. Stay away from this title. You're better off buying SF or KOF instead.
,Recommended,237110,22118296,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lewd,(. )( .)
76561198183014803,Not Recommended,237110,15674241,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,God Please Help Me,this mortal kombat game mk9 sucks becuase after a couple of hours it will not work
76561198041842498,Recommended,237110,15185610,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pooltastic,"MORTAL KOMBAT!!!With that said, if you're running a mid-range rig like mine, there is a whole lot of graphics options fiddling in store for you before you reign in the horrendously choppy framerate. Personally, took me, what, lowering my resolution down a notch, turning off every extra visual tidibt AND specifically setting my graphics card on Performance. (Was still able to leave Textures on high, though. Figures)And while the keys for the actual fights are remappable, the menu navigation ones aren't, making life a tad more difficult for us keyboard users.And if you're thinking of going online... err... don't. That's all I really need to say.But all the porting issues aside, this is still one of the best - and also most accessible - fighters around, filled to the brim with kontent: an abundance of Kharacters, Modes, and Kostumes is on full display. The story, while korny at times - and filled with way too many mothertwatting 1v2 encounters -, is great to play through all the way to its very satisfying conclusion. It is a great example of breathing new life into an old franchise.In the end, if you love Mortal Kombat, and don't mind a few minor hiccups along the way, this is the game for you."
76561198029309785,Recommended,237110,19822899,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Vallact,"Made an infinite combo of xrays, xrays started doing 0.1% dmg0.1/10"
76561198298648111,Not Recommended,237110,28764284,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dragonborn117,"It does not start! When I first got it, it worked fine, but said my graphics card was not supported. Then i played for an hour and it worked fine, then i closed it, but when i tried to open it later, it just crashes after showing the logo! I like the game but its stupid how you need a graphics card. steam, you disapoint me, fix it!"
76561198320942386,Recommended,237110,29670272,Posted: 3 February,all,DuckGamerPlayz,"10 Full marks. I rate this 2/10. 8/10 is the best game ever, will play it!! 2/10 is the worst online ever. Everytime I joined/got challenged/got invited, the screen freezes... couple'a seconds later.... BOOM!! ""The game session no longer available"" This is unacceptable. I hope Steam/Valve fixes this. I dislike valve because of TF2 (SORRY VALVE!!). If the Developer of this game fixes this I wil be happy, I don't like Steam very much. So, I am not confident.I recommend this game to all Mortal Kombat fans around the world!! Its the best game made by Warner Bros. YEAH!!"
76561198045397423,Not Recommended,237110,19066156,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,pistolslap,Hate it.
,Not Recommended,237110,21855813,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Razzreal,Wow how far we have fallen from the original series that made fighting/gore games famous. Not only is the fighting/controls so terribly sluggish and out of sync but even the AWEFUL cut scenes with terrible voice acting cant even sync up correctly. Its like watching an imitation of what a game is.  ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198140433178,Not Recommended,237110,19096547,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jebron Lames,I can't open the game
,Recommended,237110,7373114,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Lumix .,"Cool fighting game, but has some negative points such as no video skipping during the campain, and they are really long ! We don't want to watch some crappy cinematic, we want to fight ! And encounter lots of ping problem for online fight5.5/10"
,Recommended,237110,15390592,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,GumpyGoat,This game taught me to stand up for my self rather than being a coward.I'm in jail now for murder but god damn was it worth it.8/10Would be higher if I wasn't getting the death sentence...
76561198262057090,Recommended,237110,22546513,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Supercool1011,THIS IS NOT EVEN LETTING ME PLAY!
,Recommended,237110,24912937,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,I'm Batman,+1
76561198276082159,Recommended,237110,24950356,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DR.BAMBI-1,gg
,Recommended,237110,22174050,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Magic Man,>Choose Scorpion>Teleport around>GET OVER HERE>Win>Laugh>???>Remember why you spent money on this game
,Recommended,237110,15526896,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Savage,♥♥♥♥ YES! MEMORIES DUDE!
76561198143853060,Recommended,237110,13428678,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,✌ Lettuce ☘☘☘,"Well to sum it up, the game is great, it has a nice story, lots of characters, graphics are flawless BUT the actual fighting mechanics I hated them.You play with many characters throughout the storyline wich is okay but the combos are too complicated and too manyto memorize. And you will end up mashing buttons. I used to play mk4 I loved the scorpion I know every move and kicked♥♥♥♥♥,it had around 5 combo moves wich was more than enough. Back to mk9 sometimes you get wrecked in an endless combo to death, it felt cheap.If you can get past this you will have lots of fun with it."
76561198073443200,Recommended,237110,23137639,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zombie,Best game ever !
76561198143721450,Not Recommended,237110,19386715,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,QueenGothDoll,"Started up fine when I first bought it, played it for a few minutes then I quit. From then on it refused to start up even after uninstalling + reinstalling the game."
76561198122048388,Not Recommended,237110,34460273,Posted: 24 August,all,Scourge,Manage to connect a greasy controller? This is for you
,Recommended,237110,5071131,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Derser,Mooortall Kombaaat!
,Recommended,237110,4073860,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Andrevil,Странная графика и геймплей заторможенный - до MK 3 Ultimate (с четкостью движений и зависимости от твоей реакции) ей далековато - хоть и потомок...
76561198311567999,Recommended,237110,33156979,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkGod2001,9/10 For 4.99$ I would totally recommend it!
,Recommended,237110,27893376,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Achtzigman,Amazing.
,Not Recommended,237110,20838198,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Spooky Mulder,"Fun game, too bad your studio takes a big♥♥♥♥♥♥on its fans. Don't buy anything from these clowns."
,Recommended,237110,5320012,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,GH0STexe,Best fighting on PC !!!
76561198335750276,Not Recommended,237110,35400797,Posted: 1 October,all,God_Is_A_Machine,"Was looking forward to this game, but quit trying to play it after it made my computer crap out on me the three times I tried to boot it up. I never even got to play it."
76561198197873075,Recommended,237110,29218719,Posted: 12 January,all,[dw] SurviveALL,Best one out!
76561198236105352,Recommended,237110,35463372,Posted: 3 October,all,\ (•◡•) / Пикачу :P,PLAY THIS GAME IT ARE GOOD BLOOOD FATALITY BABALIT=играй В ЭТУ ИГРУ ЭТА ИГРА ОЧЕНЬ ХОРОШАЯ КРРОООООВЬ ФАТАЛИТИИИИИИИИИИИ  БАБАЛИТИ
76561198152967142,Recommended,237110,25596252,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,The Raptor Corporation,"This is one of my faverite games.PROS:Tons of Kharekters.Eakh kharekters have unique, moves, kombos, X-rays, Fatalities, and endings at the end of a ladder. I have fun with every one and each one takes time to learn and master.Ladders and Tag LaddersA ladder is a fight where you fight seven khakters. the the 8th is Shang Trung. The 9th is Gorro or Kintoro. The 10th is Shoa Khan(the main villian of the game). After that each khakter has a unique 1 and a half minute endings. Than you unlokk a ulternite  skin for each khakter.KampiaghnStory mode is really fun. The Story is aktully really kool and intresting. It took me about a hour and a half and played it agian.All khakters are freeAll khakters are free unlike some other games, *kough* MKX *Kough*MultyplayerPLaying with friends is really fun and adds to expierance. I played with my friends for 10+ hours.CONS:Noob F***ing SiabotThis is the kheapist khakters. When the person does not blokk the spam teleport slam. Then when the do blokk the just throw.Gorro, Kintoro, and Shoa Khan are unplayableThese khakters are the unplayable and they already have their moves, and X-rays, and Fatalities. This is really stupid in my openion.It can get oldThis game can get boring after a while. I have to play it a few times a week and not everyday or every 2 days.K/10 would k agian"
,Recommended,237110,13845571,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kars,♥♥♥♥ shao khan
76561198086061585,Recommended,237110,13037854,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,gaia.razus,"This game offers you a chance to kill sexy girl in brutality way, that's why I LOVE it.Please do not get me wrong that I am psychosis by the way. lol  lol"
,Not Recommended,237110,30576556,Posted: 17 March,all,Vladamir Putin,mine will not open
,Recommended,237110,12718784,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BanterBants,Great Game
76561198169157707,Not Recommended,237110,23678984,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,i love this game but it has opened once on my computer and never again
,Recommended,237110,32680645,Posted: 23 June,all,PingNasty,Who is picking this up for steam sales? Already got my copy.
76561198075113080,Not Recommended,237110,35367936,Posted: 1 October,all,ุ,multiplayer is dead
76561198212601809,Recommended,237110,30860161,Posted: 31 March,all,SQUIDWARD,fun! violent! bloody! great game!
,Not Recommended,237110,15285901,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Toastering,I bought this game to play with my friend Toastering and found out that online isn't a thing.SO DON'T BUY IT< but if your like me you didn't read this review until you found out that online doesn't exist.
,Not Recommended,237110,11076381,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Xavion Zaurak,"lol such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ coded ai its apprent they didn't give 2 ♥♥♥♥s about the ai in this game as it will blantlently cheat out the♥♥♥♥♥with such lameass manevers such as instantly usign a special move while on the floor,automatically havign atacks go through other attacks,unfair 2 vs 1 combo attacks and instant xray spam"
76561198212941869,Not Recommended,237110,26123304,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Shattershay,The game wont run if someone can tell me why but ive already tried uninstalling and redownloading it is such and inconvience and a waste of 20$
76561198158597058,Not Recommended,237110,31477129,Posted: 30 April,all,Huuuse,this game will not open. I managed to open it once/twice and it just does not open. waste of $20
76561198094086872,Not Recommended,237110,14804596,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Madelyn,the controls..
76561197993593347,Not Recommended,237110,13604773,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tim,Very hard to play on a keyboard and mouse. I love the game but def not for PC.
,Not Recommended,237110,12167091,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Teemu,ei aukee
76561198118613629,Not Recommended,237110,12157400,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,DONK_Theurgic,"The game wont even start or play properly. Im sure theirs a way to fix it but its too much of a hassle and annoying. To those who have consoles and just want Mortal Kombat on pc for a cheap price, you should just stick with the consoles. I hear of less problems, the only good it is for with pc is that it has slitghtly better graphics, mods, and different finishers (I think)."
,Not Recommended,237110,15733093,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,so poorly optimized you will need an xbox controller to play that♥♥♥♥♥♥pisses me off
76561198043383281,Recommended,237110,10703950,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chef,"Its Like Skyrim, With Kombat"
76561198288759112,Not Recommended,237110,21989044,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,dinodyly,do not get this if you to kill you-self because it will not load
,Recommended,237110,33151608,Posted: 2 July,all,ツ √îþ  (لa) ™[PRO]Per_/__,vip
,Recommended,237110,6909560,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Ictus,best fighting series all time!
,Not Recommended,237110,32210947,Posted: 5 June,all,DarkLink2k6,no me funciona
,Recommended,237110,17301408,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
,Not Recommended,237110,19026703,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,BrutalOffense,"When I first got the PC version of this game almost immediately after it came out, I was severely dissapointed: it wouldn't work on my computer. When I attempted to boot it up, it said that my computer just simply wasn't powerful enough. Then, I went to a used game store and got the same exact game on the PS3 for about 15 dollars, and it worked great.So my computer is like 5 years old and I bought a game for 60 dollars that won't even work, but it will work on an even older piece of hardware for 45 dollars less? You have got to be ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me. Until I get enough money to waste on something as stupid as a 1,500 dollar steam machine, I won't be able to play this game. At least the PS3 version is good.Never. Again."
,Recommended,237110,15747892,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ɢαмвιт,"Its Mortal Kombat and I can play with Cyrax, I am satisfied"
,Recommended,237110,380607,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,☠F☺celessMind☠,"i recommand Street fighters iv , or mortal kombat 1/2 but not that one.."
76561198070487039,Not Recommended,237110,17903901,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,pieces,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,237110,20795115,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shreyash,doesn't work
76561198257049481,Not Recommended,237110,20846736,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,kidicarus30,"Purchased the game in a sale and was really exctied to play it but when i finally waited for it to finish downloading it loaded once and never again it was very disappointing, its still not fix and i dont know what to do, maybe its a problem with windows 10 i dont know"
,Not Recommended,237110,25120594,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,riannon,hate this game10 shao kahns that hits spam you in your knee a green hammer out of 10
,Recommended,237110,15609719,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,Sequel to one of the greatest franchise of all time! - Just get it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLFGMCqKWJ4
,Not Recommended,237110,31354721,Posted: 25 April,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Graphics are nice, but if you don't know all the secret button presses you might have a hard time during the story mode.Is it worth getting now ?  Only in a sale."
,Recommended,237110,14600950,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tafara12,Such a cool Game XDGot Killed by Shao Kahn Now i may rest in peace
,Not Recommended,237110,22006317,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,qq,It runs only 1 ♥♥♥♥in` time ! HELP me m8s ! ♥♥♥♥in MKCE !!!!!!! (rage quit) {muie ^_^}
,Recommended,237110,19730405,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Drginix,Used mileena every round*faps away*
76561198015240031,Not Recommended,237110,7745146,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,^8R`lyeh,Vam ponravilsia TES V:Skyrim?Chtoj v takom sluchaie vi znatnii govnoed i eta ocherednaia porciia kala v kotoroi vi tak nujdalis`!Priiatnogo appetita.Esli je ekskrimenti ne vhodiat v vash obidennei racion to bolee chem nesovetuiu...takie dela.
76561198230521956,Not Recommended,237110,32989190,Posted: 29 June,all,とてもかわいい,i can't play this game
,Recommended,237110,15715085,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,C U N N I N G　C U N T,"Great game overall but here are some of the cons that really upset me:-cinematics in story mode are horrible to say the least in terms of quality-exclusive content to ps3-not the complete game where you would have all of the characters that ever entered Mortal Kombat Universe. If they are killed in the story mode they still should be available for other matches like mp/coop/sp (arcade ladder, etc).-Can't use both macros on keyboard and ps3/xbox controller-Can't view all alternate costumes the easy and non-complicated way-and that brings us to no alternate costumes for some of the finest characters."
,Not Recommended,237110,29555652,Posted: 28 January,all,TopBadger,This is a great version of Mortal Kombat unfortunately it will hard crash windows 10 PCs requiring a reset and sometimes a system repair.
,Not Recommended,237110,14319872,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"Story:Half decent, isnt to bad, but its just full of plot holesAI:It's the cheapest AI combat ever implemented into a fighting game if you are doing better than the ai, then prepared to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because thats how the programming goes apparently.Then theres Shao Kahn... becomes so overpowered its not even funny all he does it spam spam spam the same attack which leads to your life going down extremely fast gg, and to add insult to injury you can only hit and run because if you stand next to him for to long he can block without blocking? i dont know but he counters very fast and less damage is done and did i mention he has like double the health. so if you don't spend a good few hour with one character you are basicly f*ked.Controls:Can be very unresponsive most of the times example of this is raidens teleport, it only works when it wants to so again defeating shao kahn needs practice first, which i find a bit sh!t since his move set is more unique to other characters but it feels like a button mashing chore.Online: Guarnteed to have 1million Shao Kahns running around spaming the charge attack so im not even going to bother"
76561198178864131,Recommended,237110,34519532,Posted: 26 August,all,Dooperwar22,spamed grab movewon champain11/10would do again
76561198110661760,Not Recommended,237110,12455916,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ChefDenny,The won't launch I have tried reinstalling multiple times... so I give up... thanks for the waste of money
,Not Recommended,237110,12660813,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Mr Savage,"While this game has some of the most promise of the MK series, hardware matching it SERIOUSLY lacks. If you have multiple moniters, dont count on using them. Apparently looking at some of the older forums, this issues has been around since day 1, unaddressed by the company, and then addressed by the community...and then undone by the company...so draw your own conclusions on that. Playing on a single moniter runs quite nicely, but for those of us that believe in overdoing it, much same as the idea of MK USED to be, they just simply dont allow it, if you have a beefed up computer with excessive hardware. If there is a fix currently, for the FOV, I am unaware of it and/or cannot find it, but you'd think that it would be included in the game as the screens allow for it, the resolution is detected properly, but the FOV is just horribly zoomed in, to the point one has to ask, 'whats the point in buying the next one when they don't even address the problems of the old one?' again, draw your own conclusions, I realize this is a higher than avg situation for most PC gamers, but for those of us that DO have multiple moniters, and in my case 2x29"" Uwide moniters, well, we are left out in the cold for wanting TOO much. I would like to recommend this game, but sadly, I cannot given the nonsupport and the inadequate support from the dev team. This almost will drive me to buy an Xbox One JUST to play Killer Instinct....I wonder if they would support dual moniters better than this dev team?"
,Not Recommended,237110,10308204,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Detective Q,"I bought this game on steam, checked out several guides, tried redownloading it several times and I have yet to actually play this game. I thought this game was a steal for $20 as a mortal kombat fan but I am dissapointed. Every time I check my desktop and I see the shortcut to play this game I get angry. Angry because I have a game that I have never gotten a chance to play. What a waste of money. No patches and no help."
,Recommended,237110,17303706,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Nice Guy,"Gooks, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, crackers, aliens, and♥♥♥♥♥♥all fight each other.Great fighting game with chinks, spades,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crackers, aliens, etc.10 slanty eyes/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,13142851,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Yomatius,"Bad port. awful use of graphics card and PC power.The game itself is pretty lame, I got it for cheap because there are not very many fighting games, but I did not like it. Go for something better."
76561198055291494,Not Recommended,237110,18112301,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,-PsYh,not  working ♥♥♥♥ing  game
76561198054793028,Recommended,237110,25294054,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SwiftBlade1030,game wont start
76561198043161293,Recommended,237110,22945616,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198004351490,Not Recommended,237110,25970713,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nobody,"Been trying the game out and i'm impressed at how bad it is, closing in on the enemy is a pain and your character is prone to jumping fits when you try to move closer, i'd say try out other fighting games before you buy this mess as there's many good alternatives."
76561198305896451,Recommended,237110,23526739,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,chilicheesecatofbacon,it wont play please help
76561198259486625,Not Recommended,237110,30010042,Posted: 18 February,all,ryankremer,Was never able to play this game.  Computer meet all the requirements.  Tried installing it multiple times but it never worked.  Steam refused to refund my money.  will never buy from this crooked company again.
,Not Recommended,237110,15167795,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,AceTrainerMiku,boredom simulater 2015
,Recommended,237110,26644047,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ϟϟ | Titan,N I G G A R  F A G G U T. 10/10
76561198054007994,Recommended,237110,31275544,Posted: 21 April,all,Леонид Куцевалов,Fatality for my personal life and psychological stance in my childhood
,Not Recommended,237110,12149636,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,manju,The worst controls in anygame i have played the tutrial doesnt reconize what it tells you to do
76561198163044395,Recommended,237110,13124389,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,brightmoe1000,i brought the game 1 day ago and i click to play it pops up then closees dont work want money back or fix plz!!!!
76561198117440629,Recommended,237110,13247013,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,XD4nkXCH1ka_TraV1X,this game never launches i hate this game so much never buy it trust me this game sucks dongers
,Recommended,237110,8294126,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Xilo The Odd,"an MK game thats back to basics, not overly complicated and not too simple. if i had any gripe about the game its that there should be a few more characters. mechanics wise and playability wise for a PC port i've found it flawless so far compared to say SF x Tekken. dont get me wrong, great game but omg is its PC port terrible.MK on the other hand did it right, lots to do and many fun things to try, and with full gamepad support and local co-op, its sure to turn your PC into the life of the party.and for those curious im running it flawlessly on all maximum settings with this setup:http://imgur.com/sO0sQyHjust to give you a good idea compared to the recommended specs. (16GB of ram is excessive i know, i thought i might do some 3D modeling on this rig as well xP.)"
,Recommended,237110,15291948,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Combos are a bit broken when using a PC keyboard, and the defult layout is bad. So you'll need to remap it.Other than that though, it's a lovely little game. Great to get while on offer."
,Recommended,237110,15306679,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Crivbass,Зашёл в мультплеер  начал играть меня кинуло к игроку с 2139\4 меня вые*али за 20 секунд. GOTY 11\10
76561198097727278,Recommended,237110,31690306,Posted: 11 May,all,Azure,the last MK game with sexualized female characters GG feminazis thanks
76561198146201715,Recommended,237110,28129836,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FOREVERBEATZZ,Great game
76561198086318296,Not Recommended,237110,12563762,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ultrasin,Yeah so I bought it and now it doesn't open anymore :) GREAT!
76561198003425234,Not Recommended,237110,12574955,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,UsanvaN,"This game is a nightmare to play with an Xbox 360 controller. I have yet to be able to perform a fatality and the moves just aren't as fluid as say, Injustice. I don't reccomend this unless you're a fan and like Freddy Kreuger. Honestly wish they had more special characters for it saying Komplete in the title."
,Not Recommended,237110,22209095,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,StanicEnemy,"its a good game but it has alot of issues when it comes to multiplayer-No any update-Tried to play multiplayer with a friend, we got error.-Tried to play multiplayer with a random player,I got error.-After several tries,mutliplayer finally worked for a second and I played it but the lag was real it was like 999 pingif you gonna buy this game for multiplayer,you better waste your money for homeless people."
,Not Recommended,237110,8852319,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bouma,"Absolute worst mortal kombat ever. Dont take it from me though, go ahead and waste you money on this crap.The combo's are almost non existant in this game; most characters biggest combo is 3 buttons.Ive never been able to find an online match, and from what ive heard from others if you do find a game youll be dealing with lagging, disconnects and other frustrating, game breaking failures.And story mode is the most frustrating MK experience. Every fight seems to start off on rediculously hard difficulty, so you end up losing many fights and having to do them over and over. After you loose around 4-5 matches it goes down to ""ai not even trying difficulty"". Then next character you fight its back up to rediculous hard again. What makes this even worse though is there are many 2v1 / 3v1 matches in the story, where you are always outnumbered. They never even throw in a single 2v2 in the story, you always get stuck having to take out 2 or even 3 other characters per round with your one measly health bar.Its a damn frustrating game, and I really dont reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,237110,31461959,Posted: 30 April,all,MiniMeth® ✅,"I'll dare say, this is one of the most uninspired fighting games I've ever tried!No running, instant/constant blocking and button mashing works fine...Come on, really?"
,Not Recommended,237110,33079432,Posted: 1 July,all,careldhavin41,"can't play the game, why?"
76561198139822691,Not Recommended,237110,14719854,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,HAVOK,Terrible Support is being given for this game. I have the latest gaming computer. I can run Dying light SMooth AS♥♥♥♥♥ while this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥keeps crashing. the game has not worked at all for the last 2 hours. I have tried every solution and i am a computer engineer. SO♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME AND♥♥♥♥♥THE DEVELOPERS. I WANT MY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MONEY BACK U KUNTS.
,Recommended,237110,32465917,Posted: 15 June,all,Wesker Star,"It's like huniepop , but with babailitys."
76561198090757226,Not Recommended,237110,24545942,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,mmurphy1182,"should have bought gods among us. gonna have to wait for gau2 to come out.  basic mortal combat game though and i don't have the patience to learn all the damn finishing moves. most of the regualr moves are easy enpugh to figure out an they seem to be similar to every character. getting tired of these characters though, they need to make the fighting style closer to tekken and then maybe the controls can shange from the snes to something more fluid.  5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,12212021,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,📛,Don't get it if you want to play an online fighting game. It's been DOA and never recovered. You can play offline against bots (story mode) or local vs.
76561198085215264,Not Recommended,237110,28433071,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,fivecolorgt,Bought back in 2013. played total of 9 hrs. Have not been able to play it for the last 2 yrs. Damn game will not lauch. I have tried many things. It is a great all time game. So much for Steam support.
,Not Recommended,237110,33202676,Posted: 3 July,all,Shinigami,"Most terrible fighting game for single player I've ever played on any console (PC or PS, didn't play Xbox-only fighting games). Computer opponent is ridiculously hard even on ""beginner"" difficulty. But if you stand back and spam same ranged attack, you win without effort. The kind of cheese fighting games.If you're interested in the story mode (as I was), just watch videos on youtube, you won't miss anything.If you're into perfecting your fighting skills vs computer opponent that simply reads controller inputs and puts a block on any move at any time, can change attack A into attack B in an instant (in the middle of attack A), can counter your attack when it is supposed to land and can all that and much more AT THE LOWEST DIFFICULTY, welcome! Not my thing, though, I like games I can enjoy, not cheese."
,Recommended,237110,10346704,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sony Playstation One,"МК игра то неплохая, только ссытся да глухая. Почините на@уй онлайн часть. При пинге 10-12-21 ms от МСК до СПБ лагает всё к чёртовой бабушке."
76561198008736471,Recommended,237110,10357892,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Hollow Ozzmen |CZ|,Best game ever !!! FATALITY
,Not Recommended,237110,13138034,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Yzahkin,"I could not play it. It just drops an error message, and there is no patch or fix for it. After an hour of forum searching it seems everybody says it is like this since release and they just don't care about it. Still it is on the main page a lot. Now I downloaded it again and it still does not work. Shame.Only buy it if you want to risk your money."
,Not Recommended,237110,20944180,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kosh,"Warner bros spited on MK X, PC players and PC community"
,Not Recommended,237110,26373837,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deadgirl ♡( ◡‿◡ ),*complete
,Recommended,237110,23372237,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561198243180228,Not Recommended,237110,30626280,Posted: 19 March,all,Dapples,this game sucks bucause when ever i load in  it does not pop up and crashes even with diffrent computers. so i dont  recomend this
76561198345777684,Not Recommended,237110,35315817,Posted: 29 September,all,camolegend,please get mortal kombat to work i cant get on i try so many times but it wont work
76561198198073887,Not Recommended,237110,35410410,Posted: 2 October,all,BSG47,"No balance in this game!!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,237110,35391430,Posted: 1 October,all,TheRandyPanda,"Crap.Crap.Crap.Crap.Crap.Crap.Crap.Just like Steams refund policy, it's crap."
76561198016129633,Recommended,237110,22810133,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,Oversized feminine breats/butts.Good MK game.
,Not Recommended,237110,34962890,Posted: 14 September,all,BFishY ><>,"Meh. Crappy console port. Online is dead, don't bother.Fun at times, broken and frustrating most of the time. Whoever though the Krypt on PC controls was a good idea should be thrown out the window.Controls sometimes swap out to some default scheme or something forcing you to restart the game.Test your might doesn't translate to the keyboard well, it's too easy.Challenge tower is frustrating as hell. Either challenges are too damn easy or too damn hard, very few in the good center zone for your enjoyment (up to the last challenge 299 right now).AI is pretty dumb, you can figure out fairly quickly how to cheese it."
76561197993271413,Not Recommended,237110,12373433,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,東方ＨＩＪＡＣＫ,"Remember when Mortal Kombat was good?Right, it was never good. But it was never this bad either. The series really hasn't been enjoyable for 20 years, and even back then there were better fighting games availible.  MK only sticks around because there are people that think the edgyness from over the top violence and gore make the series ""cool."" It's just window dressing on a mediocre fighter."
,Recommended,237110,1874496,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,👾Rampertumskin👾,без геймпада нипаиграть)
,Not Recommended,237110,34842726,Posted: 9 September,all,ммр не пооказател,"Игра гамно , дауничи юзают 1 способность и ты ничо не можш сделать, создатели дауны , тупые американские чизбургерыы и гейбургеры , никому не советую онлайн не больше 8 человек , они все тупые задрорты которые юзают всего 1 способность 7 тыщ ирг подряд короче не покупайте этот кусок каловой массы"
76561198153394636,Not Recommended,237110,23697096,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AllStarSizzly,"not worth buying,game doesnt even work AT ALL!"
,Recommended,237110,7686357,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Tuong,"The newest chapter of the iconic fighting franchise is now available! Experience the deadliest tournament with all the kombatants and their unique fatalities. Players enter the realm to face the Kombatants in Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition, delivering all of the downloadable content (DLC), including intrepid warriors Skarlet, Kenshi and Rain, as well as the notorious dream stalker Freddy Krueger. Additionally, the game offers 15 Klassic Mortal Kombat Skins and three Klassic Fatalities (Scorpion, Sub-Zero and Reptile).Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition features dynamic gameplay including Tag Team, Challenge Tower and a full feature length story mode. Players choose from an extensive lineup of the game’s iconic warriors and challenge their friends in traditional 1 vs. 1 matches, or gamers can spectate battles and interact directly with Kombatants online during the King of the Hill mode. The game supports the Mortal Kombat Tournament Edition Fight Stick and delivers full controller capability. Players will also be able to access achievements and leaderboard stats."
,Not Recommended,237110,12841065,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Team Captain Jibril,"Terrible, aboslute garbage,  Mortal Kombat has been♥♥♥♥♥♥after Deadly Alliance and this game is no exception.  The visuals are extremely poor and glitchy, the cutscenes take several seconds to transition, it has no PC optimization and feels like an exceedingly lazy port, and all of this could be overlooked if the gameplay itself wasn't boring and repetitive and buttonmashy.  I bought it on sale for like $5 and I'd say I paid $5 more than it's worth.  Not Recommended, not even a little bit.  Let me know when Mortal Kombat II ditches Windows Live and comes to Steam."
,Not Recommended,237110,12931505,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Laughing Coffin,"Many things wrong with this game.1) Extreme difficulty curve2) Over rated by people who are addicted to the MK series3) Game stops working after you've had it for a couple of days4) Shao Kahn is nearly invincible unless if you spam hard enough on the ladder5) Krypt freezesThis game got way too much hype for what it's worth and the problems it has on PC, i really want my refund for it wasn't worth my $20"
,Recommended,237110,7762053,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,No Mutants Allowed ✪|☢☣☠,"Over-the-top,Bloody Brilliant !"
,Not Recommended,237110,29293095,Posted: 16 January,all,🅱 E M O J I,2D pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥spamming simulator
76561198099829762,Not Recommended,237110,12816466,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,shadowreptile,"soon as i enter any game mode like training or the arcade ladder the game completely shuts down, dont know why it does this but its very frustrating"
76561198023744019,Not Recommended,237110,12864772,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,devans,I will not reconmend this game the steam support is no ware.  Support website is also non responsive. The game will not run since upating steam. I had this game running on on my pc. I tried every thing from validating the game files to every thing on the forums. Deleted game and reinstalled and no success. These people just do not care. That is why therer is no phone and email support. If you go to steam support it is suppoesed send email it does not. They are non responsive and this normal.  Welome to online gaming. Buying a physical game disc is better.
54235432645454545,Not Recommended,237110,12647278,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Minori,i have windows 8 and i do not now why it dose not work
76561198022940693,Not Recommended,237110,12791363,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rocketeer Raccoon,"Been playing this for a while now and I've actually grown to really hate it now. The difficulty curve is too steep, the block mechanic hardly works as the AI in normal mode pretty much cheats and in story mode you'll often get handcapped with 1vs2 matches which are a nightmare to get through unless you are a real pro at this game.This game is not casual friendly, you'll gonna need good fast reflects like knowing when to block and input good long combos to stand a chance, just knowing how to do Fireball moves is not enough.Real shame, I liked the game to a degree but I don't want to play something that's too difficult even in Normal mode."
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,237110,10203149,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SKINZ,Dont buy this heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥..... nuff said.
76561198114964916,Not Recommended,237110,12738918,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Che Guevera,"My system meets requirements but game crashes instantly, if anyone has any solutions please add and message me."
,Not Recommended,237110,29397327,Posted: 21 January,all,Huy khôi\,NOPE
,Not Recommended,237110,19555650,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"A fantastic game as a whole, but absolutely a dreadful experience for someone who isn't familiar with fighting games.Combat is clunky and doing combos is rather difficult, one might say it's just ""challenging"", but for me the game was way too punishing and the experience with it only left me salty and very upset. But this is coming from a person who sucks at fighting games in general, I used to play the livin' sh*t out of this on my PS3 couple years back and it's just as painful to play this as it was back then. This game almost requires you to invest a LOT of time to it if you really want to learn the ropes.Unfortunately, I don't have the time to dedicate for this game.It was a very unpleasant experience, I had to play on easy and even then I got my @ss kicked, playing on Beginner was just awful.. The AI almost literally does nothing.. So there's no fun to be had there either..I know most of you are going to downvote this as ""Not Helpful"" and I guess you have the right to do so.. considering this has been me , complaining and expressing how obviously butthurt I am over this, so far.F*CK THIS F*CKING GAME IT'S WAY TOO CHALLENGING.Also, even if you do manage to beat your opponents that are harder than ""Beginner"" you'll still mess up the Fatality, don't you worry. (At least MKX has the option to do easy fatalities.)Seriously though, the game's a big F U to the people not familiar with fighting games. Or maybe I'm just very special and extra bad at video games.I. HATE. THIS. GAME.Cool characters though, and I love gore. But I sure don't love this game.I'm now going to uninstall the game and I wish to never see it in my life again."
76561198402872077,Not Recommended,237110,35006920,Posted: 16 September,all,anthonyantmills,♥♥♥♥in game wont work.. i paid $20 ♥♥♥♥in dollars to play once than it wont work anymore..
,Not Recommended,237110,23514303,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,lovely goose,This game is the most♥♥♥♥♥♥iv ever seen in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing lazy♥♥♥♥♥life i hate this ♥♥♥♥ing garbage its a poor excuse of a good game it the most anoying♥♥♥♥♥♥the game developers did for us. ♥♥♥♥ ALL OF YOU I WANT A REFUND
,Not Recommended,237110,35226223,Posted: 26 September,all,Hybrid,Go buy Mortal Kombat X
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,237110,33333296,Posted: 6 July,all,pvinnitsky,"lame, repetitive"
76561198208002280,Not Recommended,237110,26483343,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CooLnAmewithRandOmCApS,ew10/10-IGN
,Not Recommended,237110,22922512,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Achmed The Dead Terrorist,Game sucks on PC it was really meant for a game console .....I want my money back!!!!!!
76561198062219481,Not Recommended,237110,22893146,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,I love anime dude,Terrible. just buy Mortal Kombat X at this point
76561198212535968,Not Recommended,237110,29488141,Posted: 25 January,all,kaymak taşı çiçeği,no kratos in pc version that is so dissapointing i bought this game only for kratos
76561198058442015,Not Recommended,237110,25076936,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,gallifrey,"More than any other game I have reviewed this is going to be totally subjective.Mortal Kombat is the Ronseal of gaming.  Two people fighting (with occasional tag teaming) until one loses.So why the negative from me ?1)  The overpowering sexism.  There's not one of the female characters whose costume doesn't reveal at least 75% of her breasts.2)   The original arcade game implied a substantial backstory.  In story mode it comes out here in ninety second secgments of clumsy exposition and terrible dialogue.3)  I find it too hard.  The combos are, for me, too complex and require too precise timing to effect other than the basic strike combos.  The further into the game I get the worse this places me at a disadvantage especially when: -4)  Tag teams with supermoves that take out 30% of your health and spawn tags which lead to 18% damage combos.As I said this review is SO subjective.  If you are good enough with the controls that you fight like a natural you'll probably enjoy it. If like me you struggle significantly to master the combinations you'll probably find little to detain you for long.S.x."
,Not Recommended,237110,35066932,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,spent too much money on fighting games
,Not Recommended,237110,12690564,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The Big Shoe,"I train Martial Arts in real life, and I can tell you NONE of this♥♥♥♥♥♥is REAL.I do NOT recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,237110,35238396,Posted: 27 September,all,STDMN,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░EdBoon░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄▄░░░░░▀▀░░MK░░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,237110,26226424,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,w,look like mortal kombat on ps2 hahahaha
76561197998987359,Not Recommended,237110,34632541,Posted: 31 August,all,Matt,"Do not buy, terrible console port. Dumb game.1. The 3D models look stupid, and sh**ty2. Terrible ""story'..3. Controls are f**n r****ded"
,Not Recommended,237110,33088221,Posted: 1 July,all,unemployed black astronaut,http://store.steampowered.com/app/389730/TEKKEN_7/
,Not Recommended,237110,31346634,Posted: 24 April,all,AlexMafia,"Uploaded on May 25, 2011Mortal Kombat Theme Song I don't own the song or video in any way, nor make profit in any way. It's a great song, and I uploaded it purely based on that and to share it with others. Want to request a song? contact me in youtube pm orUSAMuzik@hotmail.comLYRICS:Test Your Might (x4) Mortal Kombat!! FIGHT. . . . MORTAL KOMBAT . . . FINISH HIMExcallent kano liu kang raiden johhny cagescorpion sub-zero sonya MORTAL KOMBAT ...FIGHT... MORTAL KOMBAT FINISH HIM Excallentkano liu kang raiden johhny cage scorpion sub-zerosonya MORTAL KOMBAT Excellent (x4) Fight... TESTyour Might (x2) Excallent kano liu kang raiden johhnycage scorpion sub-zero sonya MORTAL KOMBAT FIGHTMORTAL KOMBAT MORTAL KOMBAT MORTAL KOMBAT MORTAL KOMBAT...CategoryMusicLicenseStandard YouTube License"
,Recommended,237110,9701768,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,i-trap,"This is a great game! Cuz all classic characters, a lot of old school arenas and special moves are back! And all this stuff are working on new 2.5D fighting mechanism! It's not hard to get used to it. Yep, the online is laggy, but not so hard to do not playing it. Great story mode, great local  4 players party with 2 on 2 Kombat! It's really great, i'm still playing it from summer 2013 )"
,Recommended,237110,4709036,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Sicariidae,"Лучший файтин всех времен и народов, в новой оболочке."
76561198069206270,Recommended,237110,6566467,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Dingo,Definitely worth it!
,Recommended,237110,9697964,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Yan,"After MK 3 I thought that It will never become the same.But I was really impressed by this release. So impressed so I think this is the BEST MK so far !Really good fighting game !All beloved fatalities and characters exist and have a good weapons/superpowers integration !The game has cool mods , ladder , free fight and even more...It even has a Multiplayer !I like very much the new X-Ray attacs ! It's really unique !The only bad thing about this game is the timing... I think people just lost their interest in this type of games ...It just not as exiting as it was in late  90s ...If you are an MK fan as much as I am , give this game a try !"
76561197981959164,Recommended,237110,9729876,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Prickly TomCat,"Great game, all re-done! Buy it"
,Recommended,237110,10416095,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Linntar2.0,+
76561198134094479,Recommended,237110,10416730,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ThePenetrator96,"the game is unstable, sometimes it allows me to play it. and other times it does not. someone needs to fix this bug."
,Recommended,237110,10417228,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Guiedo JR,*Starts up MK 9 for the first time**Checks out the Crypt*Oh this looks really nice! I can walk around in here now!*Crypt monster pops up and gives me a heart attack**I am now dead*11/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,237110,10405844,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Krystal Chandelier,"Terrible. I can't even run the damned thing. What a waste of money. It says I have insufficient video memory (I have 1GB. That's not that small considering this is a console port), and it says my screen resolution is a bad aspect ratio (16:10 is pretty common).Seriously, this is hugely disappointing."
76561198098580888,Not Recommended,237110,10406503,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,coldasbryce,"awful, always crashes. dosent work dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,237110,10406566,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,The Cross,"can't start it on my notebook: full hd (16:9) seems to be a problem, and i've got shared video memmory, and the game says it's not enough (32gb not enough vedeo memory???) come on... this sucks"
,Not Recommended,237110,10406750,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,James Adored,"When creating a game, creating an end-boss is essential. Creating an end boss that blocks his way to victory, smashes through your block like you're not even trying, and hits you while you're down in repeated assaults? Not a great way to make a game.The creators of this game need to go back to the drawning board, or perhaps listen to the advice of the original creators?FYI: Your game is crap. Thanks for wasting my money!"
,Recommended,237110,10409643,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,LewLew,.
,Recommended,237110,10410108,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,HOw?,"awesome game, reminds me of childhood"
,Recommended,237110,10380409,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,AOD_Red7777,Picked this up on sale for $4.99!  Worth the buy for a cheap and bloody fighting game.  You can play up to 4 players local LAN or online (I sucked too bad to try online play).Game has a cheesy story mode based off of the movie which was a neat concept but I ended up skipping all the cutscenes because they're formatted as pre-compressed videos that look like it was edited on Microsoft Video Maker or something.Stupid fun fighting though!  $4.99 is a steal.
,Recommended,237110,10381334,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,PancakeTony,"Destroyed this game on PS3, got it for 5 bucks on steam, definately worth. One of the best fighting games ever made."
76561198019745018,Recommended,237110,10381637,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kyrdak,"now that games for windows live is dead and gone. i can say, this is STILL my favorate MK game of all time. awesome story, explains every other game out there with more depth and detail than the previous games have. i dont have many hours played yet, but im working on it. as i work nearly every day i dont have the time i did when it first came out on 360. i still play it as much as i can."
,Not Recommended,237110,10383778,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Seraphyx,"Very poor PC port. Options are very minimal, the game may not even run on some systems or be unplayable due to it trying to run at 60 fps. Just a ton of optimization issues. Apparently some AA or AF causes huge amounts of slowdown. There is a tool you can use to try and force the game to run at a lower fps but you shouldn't have to do that with a good port. Everyone says the online is practically unplayable. Can't run it in windows mode, even with ini tweaks or programs like dxwnd it wont work.If these issues aren't a concern it's worth it on sale for the single player content (I picked it up for 5 dollars). If all of these issues do bother you it may not even be worth the 5 dollars. Overall I can't recommend it, it's a really poor attempt at a PC port.There are also very very limited resolution options. I only have 3 to choose from. 1280x768 1440x900 and some other one I can't remember in between."
,Recommended,237110,10385887,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dwelfusius,"the game is beutifull and awesome :) just like in the old days we had so much fun..wish there was a button to disable the gore though, all these cracking bones make me nauseousTBH i bought it on sale for 5€ or so, and itcertainly is worth that, 20€ it depends..apparantly MP online is broken, didn't check it yet since we play hot seat but if that is important for you, do some research.If you are just looking for a nice 2D played /3D styled fighting game  to buttonsmash..buy this..you will laugh,have fun, worth it"
,Recommended,237110,10385893,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Perkins2013,Good Game
76561197985053300,Recommended,237110,10388003,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Gmont,if ya got the money or on sale and you want a good local multiplayer then buy it. otherwise dont.
76561198042100485,Recommended,237110,10372624,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Doctor.Who,I just got this game today cause i could remeber having so much fun playing it on a game console. but for pc if you suck at typing it is very diffcult to make the  moves you want  and not good for the keyboard since sometimes i found myself pushing the keys very hard. i would say if you got a controller this would be a fun game and alot more eay to play . or if you are a good fast typer it may be easy to play
,Recommended,237110,10374112,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,R4NC1D,"Amazing Game! I've been an MK fan for quite a while, and honestly this game is amazing. Plenty of challenges,  mixed up special moved and revamped character designs and fatalities blew me away...especially being able to play as Freddy Krueger is an honor! Buyers beware the Bugs...I'll tell you right now that there're some things you gotta fix, so take a look at the forums for a D3D error fix before starting. also, once you do that, make sure to delete ""Option.ini"" from the MKKE folder in the hidden ""Roaming"" folder, as the game won't start at current unless you do . It's a pain, but hell, watchin' all that blood fly from all my favorite Kombatants is worth it! Finish 'em!P.S. this game's way awesome cause they actually GIVE YOU the Fatalities in the character's move lists! no need for memorization, writing things down, no siree, just unlock, pause and look 'em up! may require some practice though; each one requires a specified distance, so watch out."
,Recommended,237110,10375896,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,lukenog,Caused me to become a ruthless murderer. Currently facing trial. 10/10
76561198099607310,Recommended,237110,10376143,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Fancy,My favorite fighting game and one of my favorite games in general. I had it on ps3 and played the death out of it. If buying for pc(probably are DAH) MUST HAVE FIGHT STICK OR CONTROLLER! Key board does not cut it for this game at all.
,Recommended,237110,10415023,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Melika #100LevelSoon,Nice Game 10/10
,Recommended,237110,10357868,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,RytheMz,This game is amazingly gruesome!
76561198030994885,Recommended,237110,10358380,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Seph1985,"I love the game to death, I have been playing it since its release in 2011. So when I say this, it is not about the game itself, but the pricing on Steam. Maybe it is bad timing, bad luck, or both.... but for the second time, a game has been reduced in price significantly relatively soon after I purchased it. I literally bought this a couple of weeks ago and the price dropped 75%. Annoying... but it is too late, so whatever. I still have tons of fun with the game."
76561198070982784,Recommended,237110,10359430,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,killer0509,well from the short time that i have playe MKK its really kool and i have to say i dont really like fighting games much but this one is really interesting i like the bone breaker stuff and the finishing moves also multi player is a bit off cause you cant turn off the in game voice chat or maybe i just havent found out where to but still i looked and couldnt find it so but over all i have to say it is still a good game.
,Recommended,237110,10360225,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cripplor,"The folks at NetherRealm make a triumphant return to form with their sort-of-reboot of the Mortal Kombat franchise.  The fighting itself is as tight as ever, harkening back to those halcyon MK days of yore.  I purchased Mortal Kombat on PS3 the day of it's initial release, and logged many hours over there.  Now that I own a nice beefy PC, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to play through again with all of the settings cranked (especially at such a reduced price).NetherRealm plays revisionist historian with the long-running MK lore, with fantastic results.  The ""Story"" mode in this game may be the greatest story mode a fighting game has ever seen.  The amount of love that went into reimagining origin stories for MK's large cast of iconic characters is highly evident, and in my opinion, justifies a purchase in and of itself.This iteration of Mortal Kombat is a game I'd recommend to the lowliest of newbs, and to the hardest of the hardcore.  I'd even recommend it to folks who don't normally go in for fighting games.  It's just an enormously fun, extremely well-crafted video game experience."
,Recommended,237110,10341969,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,[OGT] Maniac,"Gameplay is great. Graphics could be better (and I am playing on MAX settings).Vocals are bad and non dramatic (Fatality is not THAT awesome as was before).Music is bad as well.I'd give it a 7 of 10, for the sake of refreshing the MK genre.Expecting the sequel, hopefully the above will get fixed."
,Recommended,237110,10360561,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Junk,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥виебу любого 1х1, давай♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ чё ни веришь♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥падла ?"
76561198096040737,Recommended,237110,10362514,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,BloodBound,It has girls 10/10
,Recommended,237110,10362848,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Radutron,This game should make the ESRB want to ban video games all together. 10/10
,Recommended,237110,10363590,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Fetter511,I grew up when the first Mortal Kombat came out and I remember how big of a deal that was.  I got away from fighters but when I saw this on sale for $4.99 I couldn't pass it up!  I can't wait to beat this with every character and to play online too!
,Recommended,237110,10363917,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,MadHatter,"game fails to start, any solution guys :/"
,Recommended,237110,10391381,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kevin Kumar,LOVE IT!!!!!!!!! VENGANCE WILL BE MINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS GAME IS 'KOOL' LOL GOT KAPS ON
76561198129677027,Recommended,237110,10391578,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kotton,Best fighting game ever!
76561198018502010,Recommended,237110,10392466,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Luky88,Good old MK game with good graphics and effects... Just can't get used to Freddy Krueger being part of it :D
,Not Recommended,237110,10350507,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,[Linux] ivdok,I ♥♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS СOСKSUCKISH GAME.
,Not Recommended,237110,10393280,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ScounDrel #udu,"Omfg , impossible to play.It always crashes.crash crash and crash wtf ???game is all cool and stuff but its impossible to do the story mode in every video IT CRASHES ALWAYS.and becouse of is my computer crashes . and in first the game putted all my graphics and high and it played nice no lagg fps always 40-60."
,Recommended,237110,10393470,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Gavlan the wheel dealer,this game is great as long as you are not in the kript at freaking 5AM with surround sound headphones on.
,Recommended,237110,10359998,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Mango,"Really fun but hard, Sonya Blade vs Kitana and Jade is too OP in my opinion. Not really a good tutorial on there for begineers either."
,Recommended,237110,10395176,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Bot Leo,"This game is the perfection of all mortal kombats, with a good story and a beautyfull graphic and a perfect mechanic, this game came to be played for ever!"
,Recommended,237110,10395352,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Tzevash,"Well polished, complete with all content and always fun to play: that's the best that the Mortal Kombat series has to offer now. Matchmaking system is still not perfect, but you'll have plenty to do with a long story mode and many challenges and goodies to unlock. Choose your destiny! :P"
,Recommended,237110,10364276,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Mastersoraka,Love challenger fight with me
,Recommended,237110,10364447,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,It has By Far Some Lagging Problems..Buts Its way too awesome O.O
76561198061708068,Recommended,237110,10349766,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Shaniqua,Boob Physics.10/10
,Recommended,237110,10350159,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gunghofosho,"Solid, Simple, Fun Brawling. Makes me miss fighting games, a must buy for old MK fans, and a very good entry point for beginners. Recommended.My only criticism is that there are quite a few port-related issues, and a controller is still pretty much a must, but thats to be expected from console ports really, and its not the worst in that regard by a long shot."
76561198010048267,Recommended,237110,10350304,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dark Predator,"Damn I need practice.Its mk guys dont hesitate,but I must warn players who are willing to play this with keyboard its hard.This game is not for keyboard.Gonna buy controller soon :)"
76561198044860907,Recommended,237110,10352499,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Red-Hot-Hennessy,fun
,Recommended,237110,10352706,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,The Gentleman,"Get the playable bossess mod, greatest MK game ever hehe"
,Recommended,237110,10352972,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,moirrey,"Definitely get a controller for it, playing with a keyboard for games like this is just UGH ARRRGH. So far I'd say I recommend it, it's good 90's throwback sidescrolling fighting game fun. :)"
,Recommended,237110,10352974,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Pisohobo,it is awesome
76561198110069267,Recommended,237110,10353415,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Bao,"It's an epic game for fans of MK. Lot of blood and the fatality looks great, i love the graphic and the story mode it's very intersting. I recommend this game, it's hard and fun to play!"
76561198023560477,Recommended,237110,10354025,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,DAPPZ,"What can you say Mortal Kombat is awesome and this is a great reboot for the series done right in every way, well worth getting!"
76561198027400378,Not Recommended,237110,10355388,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Apixelypse Now,"Absolutely crap, I can see how it would be a good game if it didn't have more bugs than a 1 star hotel in the outback of some backwater country town, but all those bugs, from laggy gameplay online, random crashes and the worst (for me) the sporadic game speed changes, one fight everything is happening halfspeed the next fight its triple speed, actually having the game run at normal speed in a 1 in 10 chance, ive even tried everything on google that says it'll fix it.Do not buy, no patches are coming, WB adandoned this at its PC release.1/10, absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Warner Bro's sitck to movies, you suck at games."
76561198097658068,Recommended,237110,10356019,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Art Vandalay,Blech!
76561197989030644,Not Recommended,237110,10348551,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,SGT_Shark,this game is iposible to play on a keyboard. i wold probably recomend to use thison any controler platform like Xbox or PS3
76561198016462272,Recommended,237110,10349333,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Nuecom,"Used Freddy Krueger to kill someone made out of blood, sent them into a furnace where they burnt to death.10/10 Would illogically kill someone againNot worth buying unless you have a controller, keyboard controls are so confusing."
76561198054597732,Recommended,237110,10349373,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Rein,"Before I go into the details about the game let me make one thing clear: I don't play alot of fighting games,and I only own couple. As someone who is used to play  alot of Souledge on PS1,and then after that played 3 Soulcalibur games ''2,4,5'' and played couple DBZ games on ps2 I must say that this game really feels really good to play even as a noobie. Alot of the characters are easy to learn but really hard to master,and I am nowhere near mastering any of them. So far I've played the story mode and this leads me to the only negative thing about this game: the last boss of the game is insanely hard and when you play as Raiden who just basically went super saiyan in the story,you don't feel like it makes alot for sense that you can't stagger him with normal attacks and you can't grab him and he has rediculous health pool and a you die in about 8 hits. I know that this problem is only a beginners problem so I had to turn the difficulty to easy in order to beat him.Now after I did beat him I tried few online matches,I found players that were on same skill level as me and won a few games,and then I found players that probably use a fightstick and are way out of my level of skill. I did not face any lagging issues with the online mode in the 6 matches that I played. The Game in general feels good to play,it's got next to no issues,it has alot of different modes for you to play including a story mode,and story itself is rather good...cheesy,but good.Best fighting game I have played in my life.And yes I did play streetfighter on ps3.10/10 Will play more right now."
,Recommended,237110,10364952,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ins4n33   (>;..;)>,"Nice way of spending time by bashing your friends into a pulp, I'd only recomend this on PC with a controller, it's not that fun with the keyboard.The story is intresting as well, but it's not the selling point of this game xD"
76561198034108300,Not Recommended,237110,10366063,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Blaskowicz,"I have played the MK series from since i was 6 which makes me one of the few original MK players that's still trying to recapture the fun and nostalgia we had with this game and i must say:1) the movies sucked. i know the devs are likely not even involved in them but it's the same franchise2) after MK2, the game has progressively gone downhill3) most of the new characters are stupid4) this game is a year old, more or less. the fact that the simple problem of customed keyboard binding not working, forcing players to use the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ default layout is just terrible. this is likely due to the fact that the porting of this game was just terribly executed but the least you can do for the people that still do buy your products is:-not make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters (i'm just relieved that mokap, bo rai cho, and a handful of characters from mk5-8 didn't show up)-at least pretend that you still care about making a good game and not some obviously regurgitated crap only old-timers would actually be bothered to purchase-make characters make less weird vocalizations that, for the most part, sound like aweful chinese/japanese impersonations of a western teenager. it get's so bad it's bordering on racist-read the forums... many people who actually bought the game have a problem with it, starting with the custom keyboard layout not working at allthis game was the last straw for me. meat, bo rai cho, shujinko, the stupid dubstep soundtrack to every episode of the recent live action fight scenes, the poorly executed games.... i love MK but i think that the fanboy in me just died today. if you don't care enough about your own products and just want to milk the cashcow, you can count me out. i can't believe i bought this game. this was very disappointing and a total waste of money. 1-year in and still hasn't fixed a totally obvious problem. if you notice a steep decline on your sales on future products, i hope you understand why."
,Recommended,237110,10366584,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cheevy,The best fighting in the world!
,Recommended,237110,10367011,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Babycakes,"Do fighting games with actually good hitboxes exist? Yes, and this game proves it."
,Recommended,237110,10367462,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ne pleure pas,Где RUSSIAN LANGUAGE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198051783715,Recommended,237110,10368988,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Reckless Redcoat,"FINISH IT! Mortal Kombat 9, alongside Injustice, is the only fighter you truly need in your collection. Bllod, guts, just another day on the job. This is the best MK game to date, featuring a large roster of 27+ characters, including DLC characters like Kenshi and Rain and mod characters like Shao Kahn and Goro. MK truly exploits the word Mortal by the bucket-fulls of blood that are ejected one your fist makes contact with your enemy's face!X-Ray system proudly stamps this  game with an 18/M+ rating, as you watch bones shater, muscles tear and organs pulp under devestating blows that makes even the hardiest player cringe or scream in ecstasy, such as Johnny Cage's where his multiple nut punchs show the crotch muscles straining, before he crushes their entire spine with an elbow. Fatalities are better than ever, now you get to watch your foes disembollwed and sheared apart in 2011 graphics, yeagh, puts the hurt on your eyes. All you need is to watch Noob Saibot's 'Make A Wish' Fatality, and you'll get me.Story is AMAZING! Taking you through an alternate reality with AT LEAST 6 hours gametime, MK9's story will make you laugh, cheer, boo and cry. Although beware, the Shao Kahn boss fights will make you grow an intense hatred towards the cow skull-wearing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Online has laggign issues, but trumps 360 online by a longshot. Being a PC game, you can also mod it, allowing you to play new skins, and even MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SHAO KAHN! Now you can sledgehammer the entire ladder mode on expert without breaking a sweat, seeing as you'll be breaking skulls with that plasma hammer.9/10"
76561198127169351,Recommended,237110,10369406,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,krimsonSuccubuz,love the graphics and the moves its an awesome game love playing it :)
76561198045653877,Recommended,237110,10369551,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,deathwish,"for $5 this is worth it, worth 10 really. its fun solo, havnt done online. my only real con with this game is it suffers from what i call EYEDOL SYNDROME. for those who dont understand, ill explain. EYEDOL SYNDROME is when the AI will boost to its highest difficulty almost always for the first few matches. it will allow you to win the first match, walking into your attacks. the second match, it release all hell on you, your lucky to get a hit in. the 3rd match it will begin to defend most the time, youll get in a few specials, maybe some regular attacks. you will almost get it to 1/4 health before it will just combo and juggle you to death and you have to continue. dosnt always play that way, sometimes it will just whoop your♥♥♥♥♥for 2 rounds back to back. combine that with forced fights against 2 AI driven fighters at once. it makes difficulty settings pointless, and winning because of skill non existant. but in the end its very calming to break the bones of a AI fighter that was whooping you.2 cons really. they made baraka into cannon fodder. one of the best fighter in MK, and they turn him into something that gets beat up inbetween the real fights. and being forced to play as lu kang, and johny cage, is a SIN. havnt seen if it has, what i call a JAGO COMPLEX. thats when certain AI driven fighters will almost always fight certan other fighters on hard difficulty. like they really hate them, and want to eat their heart. alot of fighting games suffer from EYEDOL SYNDROME and JAGO COMPLEX. but most only have a small amount, this game is spilling over with the first."
,Recommended,237110,10370008,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,hailsatyr,"Despite the high system requirements, this game rocks! Has all the modern graphics and effects without spoiling that UMK3 gameplay"
,Not Recommended,237110,10370487,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,walsh,Holy crap this game is bugged. Random slow mo and freezes and studders throughout the game regardless of what settings you have. My rig runs Crysis 3 at 80 fps on max settings no issue and i can barely get through 2 combos without freezing for a few seconds. This game makes GTA 4 look PC optimized. Just glad i bought this on sale with money from trading cards. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,237110,10370851,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Denied Anal,I've tried 20 times to play a private match online and I just get the desync error on every matchg and I am very disappointed considering the high expectations I had for this game. Single player is okay once you sort out the slow motion crap
76561198041644623,Recommended,237110,10370937,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Baphomet,dis gaem is a bag o'♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tenouttaten  3 out of 2 starrs
,Recommended,237110,10372225,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tunloink,Hard and fun. Get it. But have a controller. Its WAY easier to use that then a keyboard.
76561198139191323,Recommended,237110,10364592,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TJ Infinite,"Great game. All the bugs are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I want to kill my computer, but otherwise, the whole series is great and the game, when it works, can be fun."
76561198058371722,Recommended,237110,6069096,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Agent 007,Отличная игра:)
,Recommended,237110,10568516,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nathandere,"Although this is a bit biased since i have loved all the Mortal Kombat games, this by far is a game you need. It has a brlliant single player story line and challenges. You can play with your friends sitting next to you or online against your friends for a challenge other people around the world. A brilliant range of characters  which you will fall in love with or hate to the bone. A must get!"
,Recommended,237110,10009723,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,BlaZe 2099,This game is amazing !!!!It's sooooo fun to play !!# Can get adicting :)
,Not Recommended,237110,10067409,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Naysayer,"Probably the best fighting game I've ever played and I would abcolutely recommend it.....BUTthe main feature of all fighting games - the multiplayer - is awful. Lags and disconnects here and there, sometimes the game will run slow-mo for no reason, or you simply can't see another players in rooms.You have to wait for a patch if you want to really enjoy the multiplayer."
76561198007906952,Recommended,237110,10091737,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,es.bios.ro,This is action ! :)
,Recommended,237110,181180,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Mr_Bennigans,"Do yourself a favor and play with a controller or fight stick. The Xbox 360 controller mostly works alright, but the D-pad on that thing is god awful. It's so hard to just move Left or Right, it keeps making you jump or crouch as well.The story mode is kind of bad, but next to story modes from other MK games, it's pretty good by comparison. The story has some low-res cut-scenes that look awful at 1920x1080, I much prefer the in-game cut-scenes. They look better and play at a higher FPS.The fighters are pretty fun. The game has pretty much every fighter from every MK game, though not all are playable (Goro, Kintaro, Shao Kahn). I think my favorite is still Scorpion just because he has such a wide variety of moves that it makes it really easy to string together combos.The game plays smoothly and actually looks pretty good for a 2 year old game. The one exception I've noticed is that there's one particular stage where the game plays like it's in slow motion. There's so much going on in the background that the game literally slows down. It's pretty annoying, but it does give me an edge over CPU players because I can see their attacks coming.I don't know if it's worth $30 to be honest. $20 is more like it. Maybe wait for it to go on sale. But if you're craving some MK action on the PC, you don't have many choices. It's either this or the Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection (MK1, MK2, and MK3 Ultimate).Overall, MK9 is a pretty good reboot of the franchise. It plays like a high-polish version of MK2 with better graphics and more fighters. To me, that's enough because MK2 was one of the best in the series."
76561198079780516,Recommended,237110,6932695,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,onlyhippies,its mortal kombat at its finest
76561197970520411,Recommended,237110,8995330,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,TX_Rydawg,"playing this game reminds me of playing the orginal in the arcade...kids these days...do they even know what an arcade is? Plenty of characters to play, love the challenge mode against other players."
,Recommended,237110,9160752,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TiCK,"My favorite MK game since MK2. It has great fatalities, Kung Lao, great Kung Lao fatalities, and also Baraka."
76561198039364415,Not Recommended,237110,9001768,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Arpwnian,"Unfortunately this port has a lot of problems with most fightsticks.  Other than that it's just like the 360/PS3 version of the game; if you don't mind playing with a controller and you liked it on console, you're sure to enjoy it here.  If you're a fightstick user... best of luck to you.Not recommended, mostly because the lack of fightstickability makes me sad."
76561198053257572,Recommended,237110,9677582,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,GoGo,"Nice 2.5D fighting game, nice graphics and gameplay .... maybe the best MK ever."
,Recommended,237110,2732727,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,The Prototype,If you like blood and kicking♥♥♥♥♥ then this game is for you!
76561198059918386,Recommended,237110,10041970,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[SMRF2] Ultra Chun-li 720,bash things and rip there head off
76561198069487363,Recommended,237110,6576220,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Rossi,Покупай!)
,Recommended,237110,6511713,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,RICH DICH,Oh ♥♥♥♥ing! This is ♥♥♥♥ing cool!
,Recommended,237110,64979,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Goon,"Great  single player. You get all DLC characters, except Kratos, which is PS3 exclusive. Multiplayer is laggy which is pretty frustrating"
76561198011452855,Recommended,237110,10766087,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chunkizzo,"Meh.  Not my favorite Mortal Kombat game, but definitely not the worst, not worth a thumbs down, if the price is right it's a good addition to the collection, nice that it's on PC as well."
,Recommended,237110,10769847,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Renegade Angel,"Its A Bit Old, And I Played It Back When It Came Out. But If Your PC Is Good Enough To Put The Graphics On Max In 1080p Then You Realize Just How Good The Game Still Looks, The Gameplay Itself And Multiplayer Has Its Flaws But The Great Story, Graphics, And Cutscenes Make This Game Extremely Fun To Play Through."
76561198076254924,Recommended,237110,10838694,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Wadayalookinat,Money. Well. Spent.
,Recommended,237110,8896085,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MODE CON CODEPAGE,Excellent game!A good come back for the classic game style.
76561198060377588,Recommended,237110,8533526,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jack1s,"No Multiplayer, i would honestly ask for a refund."
,Recommended,237110,3954300,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,The Man with a Sword,"Old school, fighting game from our childhood. A must have for all fighting game lover's who was born in the 90's."
76561198027176124,Recommended,237110,8535701,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MANTIS,IT IS AMAZING!!!
76561198027323387,Recommended,237110,8538425,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Abu YOUNIS,NIIIIIICE GAME
,Recommended,237110,8538943,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ludus_,"I Love the MK series even all the way back to MK1. Rip spines out and say ""GET OVER HERE!!"" and rope-dart opponents towards you. MK is the best!!"
,Recommended,237110,8540082,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,熊さん [Mr. Bear],Fun game but I highly recommend a fightstick. Some moves are hard to do with a gampad. Or maybe I just have really slow thumbs ..... o_O
76561198001596109,Recommended,237110,8527360,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fat Skeletor,one of those games i wanted a very long time..and having it now even after 4 years its actual release..still doesnt dissapoint..woohoo
76561197971404280,Not Recommended,237110,8542233,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Necropants,"I played this game religiously on the Xbox 360 when it was released, eventually standing toe to toe with some of the best EVO tournament players in my prime in the online matches, being in the top 50 on the ranked leader boards at one point (entirely with Subzero, a low mid tier character at best) so was very excited when this game was announced for PC with the thought of improved graphics and 60 fps 3D vision and netcode improvements. As a console port my expectations where met in terms of this, its a good faithful and improved port (if your PC can handle it) but somehow along the way they managed incredulously to make the online play even worse...Now, Fighting game multiplayer netcode may be the final frontier in video games but developers like Namco with the Tekken series have proven, that it's possible, with very authentic and responsive matches and matchmaking that works while you train in an arena but sadly NRS have a long way to go in this regard. Poor match making, region locking, and awful input delay based netcode (criminal in a genre which relies on tight frame specific timing.) Plagued the core of the experience.The game itself is the first truely admirable and competitive Mortal Kombat maybe in it's entire history but unfortunately due to being a console game it only recieved a few patches which in some cases dubious decisions were made regarding the balance of the game. Cyrax for example was allowed to keep his ridiculous 80%+ reset combo's while Sub Zero was not. The former character having much , much worse ones. It's a heavily matchup focused game competitively with some characters hard countering others and a few practically dominating the entire cast at high level. Kabal, Kung Lao, Cyrax, Kenshi, Sonya and krueger being notable mentions.That said it's still an amazing fighting game and hoping against hope I thought I might get back into this game again on PC but the online experience just murdered it for me. I could only recommend it if you have local friends to play with or just want to run through the story mode. (which is pretty good).All and all, speak with your wallet, and let these developers know that substandard online play is inexcusable for these types of games."
76561198086232389,Recommended,237110,8544642,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kodak Black,best fighting  game ever suprisingly good story easy with the controller
76561198063029801,Recommended,237110,8547255,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,doot doot,"Played it for 8 hours straight and beat the story mode, some fun♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,237110,8522602,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,gr!nd3r,multiplayer sux ! lag lag lag. Even single player fight (ladder mode) is Extremely laggy. This game was meant to be a multiplayer game. But it is a failure and a waste of $10.00. I got robbed. The Online servers are empty. No one is playing this pos.
76561198008848832,Recommended,237110,8525610,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vyacheslav,Great game!
,Recommended,237110,9714649,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Xondervan,"I'm glad I got this game again! Really enjoyed playing when I had my 360, and sold it to help build my gaming PC. Can't say anything else other than this game is absolutely awesome, and does not disappoint compared to some of the past games. Even better that I can still use my wired 360 controller and still play it the old fashioned way!Awesome fatalities, great selection of characters, and intriguing alternate storyline, starting from MK1 ending to MK3.Highly reccomended! 10/10"
76561198014101163,Recommended,237110,8682334,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,D_West,its mortal kombat...
,Recommended,237110,8638763,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ascended,"WARNING: If you use a laptop (or any system with 2 graphics cards, integrated for example) this game WILL NOT START in Steam. You need to follow instructions from Steam Communityhere.Otherwise, a really enjoyable game! Nostalgia is one word to describe.Perfect compatibility with Logiteck F310 and F510 controllers."
,Recommended,237110,7718076,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Zenith,Brutal but extremely enjoyable :D
76561198037463612,Recommended,237110,4457023,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,anarchy99,your soul is mine!
,Recommended,237110,9718489,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Ecstatic Farmskins.com,Awesome game enjoyed playing the story mode lots of fun. My favourite feature is the online mode it's great fun fighting other people and seeing how good you realy are at the game. :)
,Recommended,237110,3911568,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,нунчак хуяк,без комментариев))
76561198092002878,Recommended,237110,9730839,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Trulyy,"What can i say about this game that adds to the greatest fighting franchise, Well it overtakes the originals by a mile, Not saying they are bad cuz they are definitely not. ( Mk Armaggedon is my personal favourite. ) It just does everything better although i wish they added interactive environments like armaggedon, Thats really the only downside. But thats just my opinion and doesnt make the game any less bad, That said it is one of the best fighting games out there now. 8.2/10."
,Not Recommended,237110,4291823,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,TK-420,this game will not run smoothly no matter what i do to it. its like the game is set at 0.5x speed. really frustrating that it refuses to work with my system
76561198042988949,Recommended,237110,9413365,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Best In The World,"fantastic beat em up for PC, perhaps the best but there's only a few beat em ups :(  May get boring after a couple of weeks.."
76561198068848924,Recommended,237110,6552186,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Frozen Penetration,"Лучший в мире файтинг наконец-то увидел свет в лице персональных компьютеров! Покупайте не пожалеете, и вечера с друзьями будут пролетать ещё быстрее!"
76561198094102885,Recommended,237110,7225676,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Ailierynn,"Another recommendation that starts with ""back in the old days...""Forgive if there are any typos here, but my hands are still twitching from the first couple hours of playing this reborn classic. Also, for consistency, I do not consider anything MK4 and above "" true MK"", most of recent games were just plain lame. And yes, make no mistake, this one is as good as the first two games were, if not better, which is a pleasant surprize and a great comeback from 1% health bar to finishing your opponent with a Fatality!. Costumes could have been a bit less exposing, but ah well, that is such a minor issue!Fights are longand brutal, and tactics seems more imporant that actually being quick with your fingers (which are still getting twichy after a match or two), but you can win a match with almost no special moves if you know what you're doing. Still, that probably wouldn't work against a live opponent.Backgrounds are the good old MK 1-3, with the same feel and a bit more polish. Story is in the best MK traditions and rivals the first movie. The same drive we had back in the age of SEGA, console clubs and arcade shops, when we used to spend our pocket money to play MK2 after school. It actually made going to school more pleasant, knowing there is a nice fight waiting just after lunch time (except a few occasions when the fights happened in real life, but school is school. Ah well...)Haven't touched multiplayer yet, but I have a feeling it should be great. Plus, I should give it a try with my PS3 controller attached, maybe it is better than mashing my G110. Though, I always prefered keyboard controls for MK series.If I was to sum it up, there is no reason not to have it, unless you are hoping it will get a -50% discount or more. Hopes, eh, wished for that myself, but that might not happen till winter at best. And this game just shouldn't be kept waiting!"
,Recommended,237110,9319386,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kamirus,"Well, it's Mortal Kombat, and with ALL characters.Oh, and a history mode so awesome.Do I need to say anything more?Buy it, you won't regret. =D"
76561197985751954,Recommended,237110,1065934,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,CHkaska,"-: A bloody good time, in more than one way.After finally arriving to the PC, Mortal Kombat (9) still proves to be one of the best fighting games from these last years. Full of characters new and old, and with a few cameos as well. MK shows us how brutal and silly kombat can be. And with THE BEST STORY MODE I’ve seen so far in fighting game. It gives the solo player all the more reason to choose this game over its competitors.If you like fighting games, you’ll love this one.MORTAL KOMBAT!:Game Quality: 5/5:Controls: 5/5:Effort: 5/5:Re-playability: 4/5"
76561197976843692,Recommended,237110,732466,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Frankie-Z-,Great game it gas 4 player mode .. been playing it with my friends it's the best MK game on PC ..
,Recommended,237110,9134996,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chef Excellence,"I've only played about an hour of this game, but given I have played MK for years, I think I am ready to give my perspective.First off, do not buy this game if you do not have a controller, like an Xbox controller. You will be sorely disappointed with the control scheme.This is actually a pretty good game. The story, while a bit patchwork, as is usually the case when putting so many characters together, is actually pretty good. The dialogue is cheesy at times, but at those times it's like watching a poorly translated martial arts film, so it's kind of funny.As far as controls and moves go, it's pretty standard. As some have said, fatalities are easier, and the new X-ray moves are totally badass.The graphics are fairly slick, though I do notice some frame drop during cutscenes, but that could just be my graphics card and settings.If you are looking for a successful new spin on a classic game, I highly recommend! But make sure you have a good controller. A controller makes all the difference!"
76561198033747461,Recommended,237110,4200792,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Relax,Мировая игра с мировым именем!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,9025675,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,HollowHues,Love it
,Not Recommended,237110,9051072,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,BerSerKer,"Horrible game, start it up get two errors, fixed it, try singleplayer, slowmotion, attempted fix game worked but in super fast speed, another fix, game will no longer start up. This was a waste on money, why can't us PC gamers be looked after 8in these games like the consoles?"
,Recommended,237110,9365360,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Tomass_K,Great fighting game with interesting storyline which differs from previos parts of the game and movie.
,Recommended,237110,9285205,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Vlad,"That's the Mortal Kombat, ♥♥♥♥♥es... No need to say anything. You like it or u gay."
,Recommended,237110,8748057,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,!GetSome!,mortal kombat + freddy kruger what else could u want :o
,Recommended,237110,8711295,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Gerente,Amazing fighting game. Multiplayer only to play with friend. Public games are generally laggy or with a lot of disconnections.As Fighting game i give a 9/10As Multplayer game i give a 6/10
76561198049558007,Recommended,237110,8713161,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,A Maus,"Solid fighter, nice online experence."
,Recommended,237110,6531464,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Ch1llAUT,"Immortal classic. Game from my childhood and not only. And of course the famous ""Get Over Here !""."
,Recommended,237110,1965624,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,xYoBx,Get this for the best MK experiance ever!
,Recommended,237110,8753342,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ubidrak,"gamplay is not so fast as mk4, run ability is missing......is a very nice game but it could be perfect"
,Recommended,237110,8758960,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Cross[NoFair],"Couple of issues hold this game back from being perfect. Online netcode is subpar and making some controllers to work might need some 3rd party software(like Xpadder that lets you bind pad buttons to keyboard buttons) to make it work.  Some balance issues are still present in the Komplete Edition, but game is still very dynamic and fun to play with friends in local versus mode."
,Recommended,237110,8470883,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Suture,"Anyone that has ever played Mortal Kombat will instantly recognize the cast of this one. The graphics are really good and the feeling is as good as ever. The combos are easy to land, all the main characters are back. Reiko and Fuujin are missing however but everyone from the original is here.The story itself is a repeat with a twist. As usual Shao Kahn is back to try and merge the worlds and as always Raiden is opposing him. The twist comes from Shao Kahns victory and everyone's death in the future with Raiden sending a message back in time to himself. And that's where the game starts. With this there's a few changes, like Jax having his real arms and we're treated to him ""losing"" them to regain the cyborg implants.The story itself starts with Cage and you get to fight a couple of fights then the story continues on a different character. Other than this, Mortal Kombat is beginning to become Cyborg Combat. There's several cyborgs fighting and it's kind of a side track from the original in my opinion. All in all the story is really good and it feels 'fresh' in a way. We get to see Goro, Kintaro and a few others. Oh and as always, we get to fight Shao Kahn and he's a real b*tch to defeat.Took me around 6.5 hours to finish the story but don't let that confuse you. There's several challengers, fight modes like the Tower. online play and alot more. If you're in to fighting games, you're looking at the complete package here. I recommend a 360 controller, works really well with this game."
,Recommended,237110,7074890,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,In-Active,a great additon to the already great mortal kombat franchise xD
76561198037352315,Recommended,237110,8495675,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Squirrel,simply awesome game
,Not Recommended,237110,8496989,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,toothcake,Online does NOT work at all.Bought this to play with friends online. Waste of money.
76561198016609981,Recommended,237110,3051903,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Joker,"Round one, FIGHT!"
76561197997176457,Recommended,237110,8487303,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Goat,Great game! It's nice to see that the franchise returned to the PC platform with a title that is suitable for its fame.
,Recommended,237110,8488331,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,fast rap 2pac serbia,Toasty!
76561198008687405,Recommended,237110,8490400,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,IM-LEGER-DAMMIT!,"Well, Its Mortal Kombat.  You either like it or you dont.   I like It,  my kids like it, my friends and I play local Multiplayer with controllers and have no problems.  Online multiplay can be touchy but it is only a small part of the game.  Story is really well done...  and blah blah blah,  its Mortal Kombat! Buy it!"
,Not Recommended,237110,8829278,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PK SPACE JAM,"Do yourself a favor and buy injustice instead. Made by the same team and is 100 times better.The mechanics in mortal kombat have never been fluid, and this addition is no exception. Also takes unnessecary cues from tag teaming fighting games which ultimately feels like a cop out for mortal kombat. Moves are awkard to pull off while blocking effectivley with a controller. I have a personal pet peeve with fighting games that have a button to block. We all are way more comfortable with holding back.*EDIT* the following is more of a personal critique, if you are into violence and gore, this doesn't apply to you.Another thing, the game is just way too violent for me. I understand this has always been a staple of the series, and I was obsessed wtih the series  as a kid, but the level of ultra realisim makes me feel like im watching faces of death half the time and I hate the way that makes me feel."
,Recommended,237110,8689714,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ch0y,"Great gameplay, story..All I've ever waited for.Amazing"
,Recommended,237110,8706640,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Xystussis,"This game is great. Reminds me of the original 3 mortal kombat games (before the series ""broke"").It's got fun game play, the story is interesting, the challenge modes are fun.I really recommend this one."
76561197996030251,Recommended,237110,8697107,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Vinch,This game - brought me back to the identity holds. Higher game.
,Recommended,237110,26771,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Sudravirodhin,A return to the game I wish I could play as a kid. Thank god quarter-circle moves are gone. I'll take down-back over quarter-circle-back any day. If you play Noob or Scorpion you're obviously not looking for a challenge.
,Recommended,237110,8553256,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,D-Evil-Ish,Brilliant Game. has all of what you want in a mortal kombat game.
,Recommended,237110,11843826,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Aura The Explorer,"""Get over here"" familiar huh?!"
,Recommended,237110,11997506,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Joval,"This game is perfect. All MK characters, great gameplay, all of the best features from the previous MK games and a nice story mode make this game a fantastic production."
76561198150286805,Recommended,237110,11998153,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,xwfclan,mk9 is great and has a good ladder and story mode
76561198053526768,Recommended,237110,11983958,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Plama,"Great game, search for 4bar online only, 3 bar minimum if you want to land your combos"
,Recommended,237110,214975,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,salamancer,ONLINE PLAY IS HORRIBLEThat said. It's a good port of MK9.
,Recommended,237110,11859302,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Sentient6,"You want balanced fighters and competitive gameplay? Go play Ultra Super Duper Street Fighter 4 Extra Special Bonus Edition. This is about style. And ripping people in half, don't forget ripping people in half. Who cares if this horribly unbalanced moves and attempts at making bosses harder by straight up making them ignore your hits?  You get to punch someone's head off, and isn't that what matters?"
,Recommended,237110,11850360,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2bitsolutions,"First thing first, I am a huge mortal kombat game and I'm very happy that they went back to the 2D style fighting mechanics. The graphics are awesome, the fatalities are gorey and the story line is awesome. If you never played MK before, you may find the storyline a bit difficult to follow, as it takes you through the history of MK1 to Present. I highly recommend this game to fighting fanatics!"
,Recommended,237110,11851886,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"Good old mortal kombat. hard to go wrong with cool special moves, killer combos and fatalities, Especially when your playing this one. This is by far the best mortal kombat of them all, easier special moves for newer players but still very hard to master. and delivers all the the bloody and gory finishers that made the franchise famous in the first place. There is also a large roster of characters including freddy krueger and all the classic charcters u liked from the previous games. great game for beating the crap out of your friends and fulfilling your bloodlust needs."
76561198090528161,Recommended,237110,12169731,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,jesusrvr,awesome game love it big fan of MK
,Recommended,237110,12169930,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,marcolopez789,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dose not work
,Recommended,237110,12170528,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,「pieeE」,"Very addictive game, graphics have been improved greatly. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys a quick fighting game."
,Recommended,237110,12172270,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,LeMax,Nice Game !
,Recommended,237110,12174329,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,BadSan7a,"Best fighting presently, except imballanced S tier♥♥♥♥♥♥like KABAL."
,Recommended,237110,12174408,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sier,It's pretty much your regular MK game. You beat people up to a bloody pulp.10/10 would get over there again.
,Recommended,237110,12192376,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Odlorah,good game
76561198138357378,Recommended,237110,12194155,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MFYarch,RECOMMENDED 20+ YEARS ABOVE. GOOD GAME.
76561198057930655,Recommended,237110,12194808,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Pablo The Mexican,Only Played a little bit on the PC but so far enjoyed the game online play is fun probably the best aspect of the game itself downfall not many players online
,Recommended,237110,12194864,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Alandro,"Excelent game ! This is what a Fighting Game should look like ! It's the Definitive Version of Mortal Kombat. Even the Matchmaking is good !And they created a complete story mode, that is fun, well written and fun!"
,Recommended,237110,12214365,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Serhat ☢,Good port with lot of options and smooth gameplay.It includes all character and skin DLC's. PC version is obviously better than consoles.Well for 20$ its an awesome game.
76561198066126411,Recommended,237110,12220799,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,m5c220,Mortal Kombat is back. Get Over Here
,Recommended,237110,11925410,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,The Doobster,The controls suck if you only have a keyboard.I suggest you buy a controller first.
,Recommended,237110,1334169,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,virtiqaL,Easily one of the best fighting games ever made.
,Recommended,237110,366844,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Misunderstood Wookiee,If there was one combat game that all combat shoulds strive to be on par or beat it is this one.  Easily the best presented and featured combat game in its the genre.4-player local and online tag combat is pure awesome as well.
76561197989224389,Recommended,237110,21382206,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Thundar,Lots of Fun.  Using the keyboard takes a little getting used to.  Just a little.  Numpad and arrow keys for the win.
76561198001312368,Recommended,237110,21404697,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,9./JG26_Rich,"Great Game! Runs well on MSI GS60 Ghost, i7 4700hq @2.5ghz 850gtx graphics. 60fps."
76561198250998980,Recommended,237110,21417989,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Batman22224,the game wont open for me
,Recommended,237110,21608555,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BeenieBomb,"If you're thinking about getting a Mortal Kombat game for PC, definitely get this one. It looks fantastic, plays fantastic, has a revolutionary story mode that raised the bar for fighting games, and has all the DLC for a really great price.It's unfortunate to see NR just abandon us PC players, espcially with it's broken release (the least they could do is give us the Kombat Pack 2), but the DLC for X is overpriced to all hell anyway. I've played both games (Mortal Kombat X and Mortal Kombat), and I can honestly say that I thoroughly enjoyed this one much more."
,Recommended,237110,2137590,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,david,"Truth can be saddening and deceitful, SHAO KAHN & KRATOS aren't playable in this version of the game :'-( .. Yet the package still keeps up with a good load of assets for you to toy around with which is to say all the DLC's released for the console versions.Otherwise the game looks pretty decent for a 2011 production but won't need a beast of a pc to run properly and still offers the same amount of fun as its console counterparts. If you're a fan of the franchise as well as a dedicated steam-app user you should definitely get your hands on that soft! :D"
,Recommended,237110,7753401,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SHOWT1M3,9/10
,Recommended,237110,7743589,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Manguday,"Nice game. Don't expect a great background story but well, it's a nice Mortal Kombat game."
,Recommended,237110,3999001,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Insane Tengu,"Good game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port, nuff said."
76561198065100413,Recommended,237110,6383303,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,GG_SN,Рекомендую♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥как я люблю мортик!
,Recommended,237110,7337616,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,MECHANICAL,You are just a simple combination of random events.
,Recommended,237110,1993672,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,NJim,"Great port. Runs at a smooth 60, supports all gamepads and fightsticks straight away, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of content, and its only 30 bucks."
76561198048703248,Recommended,237110,5371772,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Lowki,Awesome game i started playing and thought wow this is a remake of the original game and actually its much more.  Its a remake of the entire series maybe with some new lore.  Its the first fighting game where the story mode actually has me interested.  Graphics are top of the line and very fluint.  Cant go wrong here
,Recommended,237110,7572880,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,mavhuntrx,Every Mortal Kombat player of old should get this game!
,Recommended,237110,6189341,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Jester,"Unless you hate fighting genre for some reason, you cant skip this game. Its one of the best in the genre, if not the best ever. Franchise finally returned to PC after 16 years of absence(previous official MK on PC was MK4 in 1997). And while I like the feel, style and tone of MK2 more(it will always be in my TOP5 games ever), in terms of gameplay this game is the new heights for the series."
,Recommended,237110,4665005,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,MoonToxin,ITS FINNALY PC COMPATIBLE!! WHAT OTHER REASON DO YOU NEED :3?
,Recommended,237110,17039782,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pee Pee Storm,"Very fun, but for the love of god, the 2 v 1 story fights are outrageously difficult. Not enough of an active multiplayer to merit buying it anymore unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,237110,17050793,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DeadlyLink,I kinda want a refund...
,Recommended,237110,11132325,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,@Shotzy,well this reminds me my childhood xD
,Recommended,237110,7778350,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Afrosamurii,If I could only play one fighting game for the rest of my life I would pick this. I've been playing MK since my eyes were at my knees and as a fan of this series I must say nothing beats MK pound for pound! I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great story in a fighting game and looking to have a great deal of fun!You don't have to be a fighting game buff to enjoy this title because the new combo system makes the game feel fresh all the time and I don't get tired of it. You can string combos any way you want and its quite satisfying when you complete them.The characters are diverse enough to allow anyone to find comfort with one of them. Persoanlly I like Cyrax and Scorpion and I use both in tag team. Cyrax is my damager and Scorpion is my finisher. Try the different character combinations and you will be amazed.Highly Recommended!
76561198056144706,Not Recommended,237110,17147993,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SPJPGaming,OMG I KNOW HOW TO FIX IT I LOOKED AT THE FILES AND FOUND IT!!!! OMG
76561198126519103,Recommended,237110,17262292,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Braided Asshair,People are complaing that this doesnt work with windows 8.1... I had the same problem. Here is a link to the video that helped me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2kPS3YmKJQLike so people can see!
76561198171016179,Recommended,237110,17264420,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Crimsonec,That's how a MK game should look like !
,Recommended,237110,17250616,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,FiftyTwoeighty,It's Mortal Kombat! What more do you want?!
,Recommended,237110,7386188,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Silver Wolf,"Никогда не надоест, особенно когда играешь с друзьями.....особенно когда упоротый"
,Recommended,237110,15936754,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Carrotface,9/10PROS+good graphicsklassic storyline but is alteredgood characterspopular characters and they get there own suitcons-stiff controls - u get use to ithard characters to fight sometimes (ur rage quit at most parts)needs to be able to ply a alternate story (bad side)
76561198082133339,Recommended,237110,17083407,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"This is an awesome game, with great gameplay. The sory mode is not tat great, but the focus of the game is the fighting, of course. 9/10"
,Recommended,237110,17191528,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Zoshli,Mortal kombat just got alot more harder and better.
76561198274561311,Recommended,237110,21717088,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,beast gamer,its awsome
,Recommended,237110,3856015,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Liebermann,"AWESOME GAME FOR ALL KINDS OF PEOPLE, JUST TRY IT"
76561198043775227,Recommended,237110,21532594,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BeRzErKeR,"This works as it should with a xbox 360 controller and it comes with all the characters, which is nice."
,Recommended,237110,21645377,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SHAQ'S RAPPING CAREER,It's hard to play this game with one hand...10/10
,Recommended,237110,17097662,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cleg,<3
76561198059508557,Not Recommended,237110,21808364,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AAARRRRRGGGGGGGG,"If you enjoy being deficated on then by all means buy this game and it's predicessor, otherwise I'd strogly advise you to stay away. Now granted this game isn't that bad but it does set you up for some damn near impossible challenges. MK X has put me so off I will never buy another Mortal Kombat game or anything anything anything, that has the logo WB on it. All they care about is taking your money, and they don't even try to hide this. They almost seem proud of it. So to hell with Mortal Kombat, it's too bad I've loved the games since I first played MK1 in the arcades but all they care about now is taking your money and as much of it as they possibly can."
76561197973539391,Recommended,237110,21688154,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,AlienLoRd,"Better than MKx... this is MK at it's highest peak.All the important characters, the levels, the fatalities, babalities... TAG TEAM!And it's complete! something which can't be said for MK X PC!"
,Recommended,237110,9716131,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,UNWTO,"Да конечно, как я увидел что эта игрушка вышла на консолях, сразу моментально захотел купить!  Играли с друзьями на соньке всю ночь, пиво пили, остановаиться когда в компании нереально =)Затем купил в стиме, купил дгеймпад, играю, радуюсь жизни. Онлайн есть, вообще красава! Охеренная игрушка"
,Recommended,237110,21743685,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,oshikuru08,"This game is fun and awesome, especially when you play with a group of friends. It features a good story mode, online play and up to 4 player multiplayer. There are also many characters and customisations to choose from (arena select, character costumes etc).  You also have the challenge tower where you are required to execute certain attacks and tasks to advance up to the next level, whhich helps build your skill level. Playing the story mode earns in-game money that you can spend on unlockable items in the Krypt (character art, music and new costumes for example). You can then view these in the Nekropolis, which lets you view character biographies, damage and the character models themselves. There are so many things that you can do in this game you'll never become tired of it.If you see this and Mortal Kombat X and can't decide which to buy, most definitely choose this one. Mortal Kombat X is no longer supported by the developers on the PC. It's only supported on consoles apparently.The bottom line is: get this game! You will have so many good times playing it, and a whole lot of fun trying the different modes and unlocking everything. Visually, it is also a very nice looking game.I recommend this game 10/10."
,Recommended,237110,21918333,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ethereal,govno
,Recommended,237110,10344256,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sweet BabyJesus,Gave myself the ultimate hand cramp to complete the non-stop story mode. Fatality.
,Recommended,237110,22054381,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[OPSKINS] Bot #80085,No one plays the ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198130100001,Recommended,237110,22005809,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,EBO,"i m having a problemmy  game just disappears when i launch it and won't start running(i checked on my task manager to see if it was running at least, but it wasnt) so i just want some helpcan anyone help ?i uninstalled n reinstalled like 3 times n still doesnt work"
76561198291677539,Recommended,237110,21970105,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Archangel LTU,"Hi.I have problema.running game and do not work game.When Starts dragon appears and does not impose.,tried everything,I installed Windows at again but something is blocking.Did not help informationhttps://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=8676-EFLX-7453&l=englishNo longer know what to do..Please help.I'll Be WaitingWindovs 8 Samsung ElectronicsRating 5.9Processor-Intel(R) Core(TM) i3-3110M CPU@ 2.40GHz 2.40GHzInstalled memory (RAM);6.00GB(5,89)GB usable)System type:64-bit Operating System,x64-based processor"
76561198140180330,Recommended,237110,21424607,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,성혜진,"pros=you won't get bored by this game because there are so many characters with their own moves-gore,brutal,and blood everywhere,perfect for fighting game-make your mind much more sharp with this real-time-multiple-button-apply-ish game-magnificent endings in their own way-you can get many awesome artworks by spending koins in krypt-tag team content,so awesome-challenge tower and story mode is awesome and hard as well-special fatality in certain arena,which is rarely this day for a fighting gamecons=-useless koins after you unlock all items in the krypt-boss battles like shao kahn,goro,or kintaro is bad.I hate the handicap,it makes this game not fun to play-no one play online,gotta have a friend who has this game and invite him/her-stupid nekropolis,in my opinion i only need to see each character's artworks and statistics.And the rest,i think they're useless"
76561198280150318,Recommended,237110,21946353,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jubileu,Não entra na tela inicial         Fica 2s depois sai do jogo     Arrumem isso POR FAVOR
76561198075368681,Recommended,237110,19394332,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alexandar1106,Good one.
,Recommended,237110,22180377,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JiNx,"Really good game.I think better than x.If u dont have a controller,u should get one cos playing with keyboard is really hard.Overall,very good game"
76561198260966994,Recommended,237110,22203863,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,GeneTheEmoji,Amazing Qualaty great game style and awesome cherecter selection
76561198160947584,Not Recommended,237110,17585785,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,latiosfreak,it wont start i cant play it
76561198155919407,Recommended,237110,17822711,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,RayTheTree,is  fun
,Recommended,237110,17818690,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,XxXBarbarian Of EVILXxX,BEST MORTAL KOMBAT EVER. mortal kombt X was not as as i expected. So dive into this game with one of the best story mode in a game. fighting is really good and awesome
,Recommended,237110,15342974,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,JERRY,"I used to play this game on Playstation 3 alot, I always enjoyed playing it. I actually was a bit unsure about using my keyboard and mouse to play the game at first, but then I was amazed. Even playing the game without a controller you still feel so comfortable and just attach quickly to the games playstyle. The game is just as same as on console and offers endless action while still being a challenge.9/10"
,Recommended,237110,16949477,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,EdwardMyBoi,I can't get it to work when i start playing it just crashes instantly. The first time worked but i just tested it to see if it wouldn't lag. plz fix.P.S. I would recommend the game because the game runs smoothy and its good.
,Recommended,237110,16765442,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cannibalistic,"Loved the game, lots of characters and different modes to play. But Shao Khan beat me in medium...changed it to beginner , he beat me even harder.10/10 spamming hammer throws"
76561198154974759,Recommended,237110,16921084,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Anonymoose,Didnt play much but it is really fun just to do all of the fatalites.
76561198172314363,Not Recommended,237110,17136318,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,dunk CSGO500,"Normally I would recommend it to everyone. The single campaign and game modes are incredible.It runs smooth, and there is a lot of fun in it.But I have just bought it for the multiplayer part of the game for PC.The multiplayer is awful. Laggy, slow and not playable. The match making system doesn't work,The develepers just released the game and then nothing support has been added to it.A couple of petitions have been written to have a patch that fixes the multiplayer bugs, but nothing happened.With this multiplayer it is just a half product at the moment... :("
,Recommended,237110,17117024,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bubbamaster12,sorry there is a way to fix this game look on youtube they can fix this but it is so fun i have played it non-stop. i now give it a like
76561198086360651,Recommended,237110,16889943,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Galactic Emperor Freeza,"Pros:Great gameAll the DLC is there.Cons:Online play is laggy and slowNot really playable without a gamepadDespite this it's really fun, especially if you don't play online and have a controller."
,Recommended,237110,17711423,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Shinigami667,"This just reminds me how Shi**y a xbox 360 controler D-pad is for fighing games.  But hands down this MK is the best in the series, This still holds up better than the current MKX game.  Also watch out for that damn Krypt Monster. I played this both on the 360 and PS3 and those never had it so if you hate jump scares they got it set at random when you are in the krypt so you can't really prepare for it. but other than that one gripe the gameplay,story,challenges and the extras is worth picking up."
76561198145604972,Not Recommended,237110,17714139,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,loader963,Iloved this game on my ps3 and decided to buy it on pc. While the game is relatively the same the cutscenes are simply horrible. I actually went back and started again on ps3 and there is no comparison. So I went to the net and figured out what a sloppy port job this was.
76561198074336194,Not Recommended,237110,8539534,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Linux,не запускаеться
,Recommended,237110,15285770,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,King Vegeta,A great reboot to the franchise.  Worth every penny spent.  Only negative thing I can say about it is it has a rediculous final boss fight in the story mode that's way too hard compared to everything else you've fought.Recommended for anyone who's mature enough to play it.
,Recommended,237110,327041,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,ApocalypseMeow,"The online can be really laggy if you're playing with people outside your state or country, but otherwise this is one of the best fighting games to come out in the past few years and definitely the best Mortal Kombat game since UMK3 came out in 1995.This and Super Street Fighter IV: AE are must-haves for any fighting game fans. Gamepad highly recommended."
,Recommended,237110,12185341,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Vegetto,Very entertaining. No match for this game in terms of fighting a very unique and the characters are awesome. The right choice for an arcade game for the fans.RECOMMENDED 100% !
76561198123388830,Recommended,237110,18126388,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,JashiShipper,"Pretty well. You might want to play around it. Also, sometimes, it might make a very annoying beeping noise when played most times. Great deal."
,Not Recommended,237110,18138520,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,RUSSIAN POWER(KennyS),doesnt start up did once but not again:(
,Not Recommended,237110,18146816,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,udel007,Terrible......Bugs... crashes.... broken..... POS... don't bother. Go back and play MK 2 on genesis if you really like the MK series.
76561198007767241,Recommended,237110,18097830,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,gnmotz,this game is very very  good and is excellent
,Recommended,237110,15920441,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Shadowcraft205,its not letting my run the game right now?!
76561198065298583,Recommended,237110,15920700,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Yeti,"This game is fun and other♥♥♥♥♥♥, but multiplayer is laggy as hell , so don't buy it only for multi."
76561198003061371,Recommended,237110,15898962,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Lenny,"Great reboot to the franchise. Robots, sexy ninjas and evil wizards, along with alien intruders and some more ninjas. Its campy, freaky, and just a little bit offensive.  I like it.Also, I really can´t tell if the storyline and acting they borrowed from some B-rated movie from the 1980´s is them being ironic or just really bad wrighters, but its damn funny at times."
,Recommended,237110,15916624,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Cтарый мастер,NO COMMENT! SILENCE MK FANS AROUND
,Recommended,237110,15816179,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Fira,Edit.WRote the review on the wrong game. lol!
,Not Recommended,237110,8514826,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cyber Spartan,"This game is the worst product i ever bought. It has lots of bugs, crashes, online is almost unplayable and they didn't  patch anything for so long as i heard from the community. Generally this game is so bad that even the developers abadoned it."
,Recommended,237110,16178925,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Little Child,how to humiliate you freinds v2.0
,Recommended,237110,16536234,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Apokolypse,"This is a great version of Mortal Kombat, it comes with pretty much everything from the first 3 games, but with better gameplay and graphics. Great for local co-op or multiplayer."
,Recommended,237110,16537717,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,| Daredevil |,"This game i just like the regular Mortal Kombat 9. Its very addicting and you get free DLC Charcahters like Freddy Krueger, Kenshi, Rain and more. Over all the game is very good and its very cheap. But the one thing that sucks is that to play it after you closed the game you have to go to %appdata% got to MKKE and delete the options document. It sucks cuz you constantly have to delete it and wait like 2 minutes to have the game settings load. This Game though is so awesome! I recommend this game totally!"
76561198106438941,Recommended,237110,16358609,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lol,*Friend being smug about beating me**Defeats him**FINISH HIM**Goes VERY smug**fails fatality**Rage quits**Friend goes EXTREMELY smug*yayso much funima go kill myself now ok?
76561198079085211,Recommended,237110,16266432,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,THE.PREDATOR8790,an amezing game one of the best mortal kombats ever i play mortal kombat x on ps4 and i still like mk9 more then mkxits a realy nice game alsso for players who are new tho the mk series i realy recommend this gameyust pick it up already :)
,Not Recommended,237110,16403459,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Uzi,"LOOKS AMAZING! The story line and voice acting are great, the gameplay would be awesome.... IF THE CONTROLS MADE ANY SENSE. I spent almost an hour trying them out and learning how to use the moves but most the the time it doest regester as me doing them in time when im doing them SUPER FAST! I had people come over see if they could do it in time.  Get a remote controll for this game if your gonna buy it."
76561198175084657,Recommended,237110,16404813,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,armyofdarkness80,love it but it doesnt work
,Recommended,237110,16373857,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blackadder,You can play as Shao Kahn with a mod11/10
76561198094561959,Recommended,237110,15975631,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DickMuffins,Dream Game Mates
,Recommended,237110,11060083,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BARO,Get Over Here!
,Recommended,237110,16254974,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,James,Fun game with arcade-like fighting mechanics. Very gory and has good multiplayer support.
76561197964950005,Not Recommended,237110,16330502,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,geefunsunbonus,"Too many bugs, i'd rather play it on my PS3 then my PC.My pc specs are a lot better than the game asks for and I still have lags in the game."
,Recommended,237110,16347630,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JimProton,"There is a dedicaetd block button, get this game if you like fighting games that are decent."
,Recommended,237110,16349014,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AlixChevalier,"You can beat up people as Jade in this game and see the damage at an anatomical level, however when you break their spine they can still walk and procede to break yours and win.  Great Game."
,Recommended,237110,2136677,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,üb3r,Choose your destiny
76561198132903026,Not Recommended,237110,13578045,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,FinnBinnWinn,I purchased MKKE before an hour ago I was able to go on the game only once.I clicked on the game and it started up the game runned and i played it but it was very slow (slow motion)So I just quit the game and checked whats wrong the go back to the game but it never opened...I am still waiting for a help from someone the game still doesnt open :/
,Not Recommended,237110,15845638,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Captain Will,"Wow, no windowed mode?! This crap pisses me off."
,Recommended,237110,15848033,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zerolecks,-Gore-Boobs-Incredible mechanics-More boobs-Looks like the classics-Bouncing boobs999999/10 Would fap again (And listen to shao kahn wins another 300 times)
,Recommended,237110,16219411,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SLIMEPLAYS RAPINGSANDNES,I have some issues with the quality and the sound when it's the Storyline. Not when I am fighting against my opponent/nts.
,Recommended,237110,16277550,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,BrianBoitano,Test your might!...And check those boobs...
,Not Recommended,237110,16277807,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mystical Mark,I want to recommend this but I can't. The game is fun at first but quickly turns into absolute BS. If all you want is a reason to toss your comp out the window then this is a game for you but if you don't have the cash t replace said comp stay away.
,Recommended,237110,16479872,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Artorias,"Im so ♥♥♥♥ing bad at the campaignt mode, but even so, the game is really good and i had a lot of fun playing it.8.6/10"
,Recommended,237110,16484440,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Killer Bean,[Button mash intensifies]
,Recommended,237110,16490732,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,☻ Friendly ☻,"This is the best Mortal Kombat game I have played.  It's easy on the eyes, it has loads of content and lots of online achievements.  The negative of this game is that I had to buy a controller as I couldn't figure out how to use just a keyboard to play this game.  Just a cautionary heads up to any of those that are keyboard warriors :).I don't usually like or play fighting games, but for a fighting game I would rate this 7/10, and as a game overall I would rate this 5/10 *Just because it's not my style."
,Recommended,237110,16522017,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,WolverinePride21,I love MK!
,Recommended,237110,16527828,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Blue Eris,"For what this game is, a violent fighting game, it's pretty good.  I say pretty good, not great, because I hate that there is no save feature, even in between levels.  I do not like being forced to continue playing a game, any game, no matter how much I enjoy (or don't) it.This MK is rather more violent (gory) than I am accustomed, since I best remember playing MK on the original NES, and even fatalities on there were not as bone-cracking or blood spewing as a standard punch in MKKE.  Of course, I knew these things were included when I bought the game, so even though I really want to ""go bloodless"" and haven't been able to figure out how, I can't fault the game for my squeemishness.All in all, so far not my favourite MK game (the first will always have the fondest memories), and I really hate HAVING to keep playing, but the controls are ok (using xbox controller) and the storyline so far is actually kind of interesting that you play both sides."
,Recommended,237110,16531126,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jackson Storm,its a great game
76561198056352062,Not Recommended,237110,16454213,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nicole.e.santana,will not run
,Recommended,237110,16459865,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,the don,Don't play this game on PC and you're fine
,Recommended,237110,12264693,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mr. Keysy,"It's a good game. It's a tactical game with lot's of different things to try. It is time consuming and altogether fun to play with and without friends. But when you play the story you will uninstall the game. It start out easy then mid way through they throw you into the deep end. Where you have to fight an OP boss with a resonable character. This will take about 5 day just to get past this level, and when you do you forget why you even fought. After this it goes back to fighting reasonable characters. Until you get to the last level. where you fight this boss again but as a worst character and basic will dominate you endlessly. I consider myself a reasonably strong player at this game and it took me a week just to get past that level. Over all it's great for multi-player and the boss definity needs to be nufed."
76561198122267009,Not Recommended,237110,16318307,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sa'Ira,"Im having the SAME PROBLEM as everyone else, i LOOOOVE THIS GAME, but i only got to play it once, then the next day, it would just open for two seconds then close, making it kompletely unplayable (see what i did there?)"
,Not Recommended,237110,16320696,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,IThankGoogle,it wont work anymore
,Recommended,237110,16322982,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spoderman,GREAT GAME ♥♥♥♥♥ES
76561198161392686,Recommended,237110,16316517,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GDcobra,"All in all its a very fun game, but be aware that keyboard controls are very hard to learn. I would definately recommend a controller. Graphic."
,Recommended,237110,15877199,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,NeonPsycho,blood. so much blood. I LOVE IT!!!
,Recommended,237110,16426976,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,I have no idea how I got here.,"Best game I have played in a while. I haven't tried Multiplayer yet, but I have been playing the Story mode and I have been having lots of fun 10/10"
,Not Recommended,237110,13671385,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SukiNashi,"The content of the game is awesome but teh trouble you will have to get there is by far not worth the money, you can get it running once after that you have to go through countless steps to ""repair"" it which will take way more time than it's really worth."
76561198115787703,Not Recommended,237110,13674759,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dumpling,doesnt work when you start it.
76561198120419289,Recommended,237110,13677050,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sonny the 7th Green Orc,if you are good at fighting games buy this or preorder the new 1 or play injustice
,Recommended,237110,13650079,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Barry,Love this♥♥♥♥♥♥it's the best MK as long as you have a controller.
76561198043907784,Recommended,237110,13651025,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cristurner04,best 4$ ever
,Recommended,237110,13666020,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,alvaroalex81,"The Klassic Mortal Kombat is here again!An excelent combination of the original MK history with new grafics and features, like the Tower Challenge. Highly recommended!10/10"
76561198052974302,Recommended,237110,13666547,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tea Tree Oil,"This is by far the 2nd best Mortal Kombat gaming experience. The original Mortal Kombat helped changed the graphics in gaming so I had to rank it 1st for nostalgic reasons. However, the ""Komplete Edition"" version is a must for your gaming library. Just note Mortal Kombat is known for its gore, but nothing of a shock as to compare it to similar genre."
76561198154517645,Recommended,237110,15436890,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Fatal Death,Absolutly Flawless
76561198121304646,Recommended,237110,15439735,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,OfficialJackal,Got kicked in the crotch and dismembered by a half dragon man. 8/10 no Mokap.
,Recommended,237110,15440230,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lord of D3stro,"This game is a good one, but fairly challenging. Unless you are good at combos, dodging/blocking, or have any patience to do any of the former, i don't recommend this game. Because even if you play the standard ladder matches on beginner(which is the lowest difficulty), you will fall short and continue to lose over and over again.But other than that, the game is solid: good story, good characters. Would i buy it at full price: no, but its a great game you can with your friends"
,Not Recommended,237110,15440615,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dying Fetus,"I have played and completed the Playstation 3 version of this game and loved it. I decided to give the Steam version of the game a try thinking that the entire experience would be much improved due to my computer's capabilities. I was impressed in some areas and sometimes I was displeased. Some of the good things about this version is that it comes with all the DLC characters, costumes, etc. along with better in-game graphics. However, the cut scenes in this game look absolutely horrendous. The ps3 version seemed as if all the cut scenes were generated in game rather than be prerendered. The cut scenes look as if I were watching a YouTube video in 240p. I'm not kidding.If you already have this game for another console, skip on this. I just bought the game thinking I'd get a better value paying $5 than to spend $10 or more on the DLC characters for the console version.I'm giving it a thumbs down, not because I hate the game, but because there isn't an ""okay"" rating I can give it on this interface. If you've never played this game, check it out when it goes on sale. It's a big improvement to the previous installments."
,Not Recommended,237110,15442019,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,IamGuan - CSGO-SKINS.COM,"help.... my game cannot start when  i click play my steam status turns to green and showing playing mortal kombat but for few sec it turn back to online status with the game opening, i already tried to delete and redownload for 2 times but still not working"
,Recommended,237110,15418343,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Eggsy Kingsman,"Прекрасная игра, я просто тащусь от неё, будь я девушкой, я бы кончал как только убивал кого-то, или видел фаталити в своём исполнении))Как только будет скидка, бросйте всё, ищите деньги, и ПОКУПАЙТЕ МОРТАЛ КОМБАААААААААААТ!!!!Сам купил по скидке и могу сказать что игра стоит денег, которых за неё просят!!!Сам буду ждать скидки на МКХ, и как только она появится-сразу куплю, и вам советую!!!"
,Recommended,237110,15443851,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MariuS,Cool
,Recommended,237110,15444167,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ants in My Eyes Johnson,Kombat.
76561198084305046,Recommended,237110,15445758,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Burning Blue,For all of the amazingness of the game. after a month Idecided to play but it didn't load up but it is a fun game. :}
76561198017182331,Recommended,237110,15447280,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,EZPZ Suck My Weenie,"I love this game , but only one this is missing , kratos not found :( If you would be able to add him in an update I would appreciate . For the rest , this game + motioningjoy = Ps3 on pc XD"
,Recommended,237110,15450171,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,(Noh)Mr.SeductiveToast,"Relly good game! I liked everything about it, but i got to say it`s a bit more difficult with keyboard"
76561198086982715,Recommended,237110,15606539,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,brian,"I've been a mk fan since the beginning ,and MK komplete has got to be the best i've  played ."
,Recommended,237110,15608710,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sir nexus of the potato,boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobs:3
76561198133091004,Not Recommended,237110,15645128,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,yer nan,it does not work on my laptop witch is extremly annoying
,Recommended,237110,15648980,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Arthur1u2,I have fun playing this game and the graphics are good.
,Recommended,237110,15598344,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Orion,Finish Him
76561198077873725,Not Recommended,237110,15525426,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MaxOP,"I only recommend buy this game if you want to play offline because the online sucks, no one plays and if you find someone the match is laggy."
,Recommended,237110,15525537,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,L'ost,What a game!
76561198046096909,Recommended,237110,15526674,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ddr3ram1544,"Why we cant play with goro,kintaro and shaokahn.Its really so bad."
76561198120339386,Not Recommended,237110,15527648,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KAS,"I played it 3 times. Then it won't open. I have tried online tutorials, re-downloading, even looking at help on steam for it by the community and didn't see anything. It is just not worth it."
76561198153394994,Recommended,237110,15315847,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,VilleSideKing05,I'm mad that I didn't buy this sooner. If you're thinking about getting it hands down you won't regret it.
76561198105806142,Recommended,237110,15316229,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dubulyf,X-rays are the best. makes me play this game on and on
76561198151519520,Recommended,237110,15341419,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,JDRFHERE3,"This is a very fun game i highly recomend it, but the game wont start on my computer"
76561198101084632,Recommended,237110,15341431,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TrepidTheDuK,The only thing is it wont start
76561198119358962,Not Recommended,237110,15341404,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Your Dream Daddy,because it wont even work or start i try to play it ssays it playing then go back to online SO GIVE MY DANG MONEY OR GIVE ME A COUPON FOR ANOTHER GAME THIAS GAME IS MESSED UP NOW
,Recommended,237110,15342405,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,itsLuis42,i baught this game on saturday night i played for about 30 minutes i closed it and shut my computer down for the night and when i tried opening it again it didnt work can anyone tell  me the problem?
76561198175697067,Recommended,237110,15342456,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,aqmiranda01,it is relly fun to me and others
,Recommended,237110,15343015,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,conbon,Great game for the 2 hours i was able to play it. After a while i got a runtime error6025. Cant find any fixes to the problem so im not sure how to recommend this untill i can fiugre out a fix.
,Not Recommended,237110,15344861,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Chuggs,Terrbiyl unresponsive
,Recommended,237110,15345102,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Trumpapi,Kitana's thighs define true power.
,Recommended,237110,15345665,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,YertleTheTurtle,Great game! I like how it gets gradually harder. Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,237110,15347871,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Thirsty_Pickle,At least it works.
,Recommended,237110,15292599,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Davien,nice fighting gameonline play sucks.. get it for single player.. that alone is a challenge even at the easiest difficulty (later on).
76561198095900990,Recommended,237110,15389325,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Choxolate,"I bought this right before MK X came out so it was on sale for $5.  I figured a fighting game wouldn't be that fun single player but the reviews for the campaign were good so I thought I'd check it out.I'm glad I did!  The graphics are top notch!  Surprisingly they actually look better during fights than in the cutscenes.  The cut scenes look like xbox 360 graphics and the actual fighting looks like PC graphics.  I have a laptop with a GTX 765M and I get 60 FPS continuously.The fighting is very challenging.  Sometimes when you get to a new match, especially one with two tough guys who are tag teaming, you think ""how the hell can I beat this - there is no way!""  But then you figure out your characters strength vs. that characters weakness and eventually you do and it feels so good.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237110,15391074,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lucoa 2 T H I C C,"Ok, i bought this for around £3 on steam, i have the Xbox 360 version, and i couldnt be happier! A solid gameplay system and THE GODLIKE Gore is so much fun to play with friends. Ive played most of the MK's and this is truly the rebirth after the atrocity that was MK vs DC. But now with MKX I hope the community doesn't die. 10/10 Great game would fap over Kitana"
76561198070738547,Recommended,237110,15393982,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pongi,"Well, the game is amazing, but i only have one thing to say about arena where you fight shao kahn, End My eternal suffering, and make shao kahn leave me alone. so i dont have to listen to me dying and the announcer saying ""shao kahn wins"" anymore."
76561198144564356,Recommended,237110,15394169,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Onetymer,this game is very fun if your really good at it the only bad side is that shao khan is legit impossible to beat hes big strong and faster than any other character in the game when you play as raiden againts him for the last mission in the game he can pretty much 2 hit you so if you do get this game prepare to rage
,Not Recommended,237110,15324662,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mechanix,"Very good game. BUT, IT HAS BAD CONNECTION IF YOU WANT TO PLAY ONLINE."
,Not Recommended,237110,15324929,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ItssCadenn,i played for about an hour then got of and then it wont start backup
,Recommended,237110,15325268,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,bjuckem,Awesome game
76561198047577518,Recommended,237110,10399852,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,killjoyjj,"Everything a Fighting game should be!great response controls, blood and gore factor, classic mortal combat feel, good graphics, enough characters form the franchise to suffice.is worth it."
76561198050546682,Not Recommended,237110,10400253,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Linsanity,"Don't get me wrong, this game is amazing, but only on console. On PC the game wont even start until some file tweaking, and even then runs in slow motion. I cant even get the story mode to start. Until this is patched (which is really ♥♥♥♥ing unlikely) don't buy it on steam, get it on console. 4.5/10, could've even reached 8-9/10, but the slow motion and unplayable story mode is just awful."
,Recommended,237110,10401311,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,-Remix-,The best fighter period.
76561198126975019,Recommended,237110,10402326,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wolfinston85,"Haven't played Mortal Kombat in a while it has changed since the first time i picked up a controller and was shocked to see the blood sprites coming on the screen of my small tv, that was twelve years ago and even then i still remember it as one of my fondest memories when it comes to gaming as a whole. Mortal Kombat 2012 (let's called it that) does everything in a similar fashion, all without loosing it's own familiar touch that appear to be lost over the past releases. The story mode wasn't something that caught my attention, it seemed to me that developers just tried to ""cash in"" as much as they could of off just adding small and ridiculous cutscenes at the end of a ""Ladder Match"" however Mortal Kombat 2009 handles it very differently, it carries along just the right ammount of interactivity and interest into the characters to actually create something absurdly ridiculous but enjoyable nonetheless, the game kept captivating my attention by it's perfectly balanced roster filled with charismatic as well as recognizable characters that everyone will remember and point out to the screen while having a nostalgia meltdown of laughter and insanity, and that's how the whole game goes along with the passive agressive interaction with the player, it just melts itself into something truly beautiful and awful (in the good way)."
,Recommended,237110,10388703,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ƑƦƠƧƬY,"Loved mortal Kombat since I was a kid, and this is a great addition to any fighting game lover's collection. Dont compare it to street fighter or other JP fighters, its its own type of game. I give this game a 9/10 for being MUCH better than a few of its less than mentionable predecessors. Good Job Netherreal studios."
76561198045357776,Not Recommended,237110,10389093,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mancinikid,the stroy mode laggs like crazy.  it is NOT my PC.  dont buy this game.  get it for Xbox or PS3 if you really want to play this game.
,Recommended,237110,1775121,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Syrsly,"I'm a MK fan.  If you're a MK fan as well, buy this game, but don't buy it at full price, because it is a bad console port.Pros:1.  Story mode actually has a decent story2.  Xbox 360 controller support3.  Combos are somewhat easy to accomplish but difficult to master4.  Decent visuals, works alright on a mid-range PC5.  Good voice acting and decent action sequencesCons:1.  Unskippable cutscenes2.  Keyboard controls are awful and the key config is ignored for a lot of stuff3.  Online play can be extremely slow even if you have fast connections4.  No minigames (I miss the kart racing!)5.  No create-a-character"
76561198072641514,Recommended,237110,8430770,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Golba,"An amazingly good entry in the best fighting franchise in video games history! After all those years since Mortal Kombat 4 PC players can once again enjoy the perfect combination of gore, chessiness, good fighting system and a decent (for a fighting game that is) story. Perfectly able to engage you for hours even just in a single player mode as the story mode is fairly long, there is a huge tower of quirky challenges and there is more than enough characters."
76561198078135025,Recommended,237110,8405123,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,troublez22,get this game if you love fighting games end of!!!!!!!!!!!  :)
76561198007565659,Recommended,237110,8107326,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sauron,Outstanding!
76561198046519787,Recommended,237110,8107918,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,elfcheg,Мне играть не с кем! Покупайте и учитесь кнопки нажимать! :)
76561198055131775,Recommended,237110,8109064,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Hungry Howie x,this game makes my 2mm a 3mm fr fr. i get real hard just looking at it. get dis game if you want to something to be rubbed up your leg ;) you bad
76561198007101562,Recommended,237110,2422280,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Drenix,"Great game, really like the new engine, runs very smooth, multiplayer is stable finally but think too many people got burned by the previous game in the series on pc, so not many people clued into that it works great.Worth buying, great for when mates come around. 4/5"
76561198072054409,Recommended,237110,8388953,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,FilmFanatic,"Never gets old. So much to learn so many different characters, it's classic."
76561198115218832,Recommended,237110,8500562,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,arcadifvid,"Great Game. Bad Port. If you have friends to play with locally, this is worth it. Online however, is a hit or miss. Hoping the developers would fix the problems but doesn't seem likely at this point. For fighting game fans, this is still a must buy"
76561197990672067,Recommended,237110,8500920,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rollandusa,choose your destiny!!!
,Not Recommended,237110,8502008,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ripewater,"Currently has a major FPS problem.  Tried to make it work, after two hours of 15 fps, I gave up and will be requesting a refund.  I tried reaching out to Warner Bros. Games division for support and got none.  Just a broken game, it's a shame too because my computer is a beast and the game looks awesome, it just runs at a crappy 15 fps.  I thought it was intentional to make it more dramatic, but this thing plays like a point and click adventure game it's so slow.  God help me!  It looks so good but it lpays so bad, patch the game please!"
76561198033528885,Recommended,237110,4189567,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Ультровый Пушкарь,Самый крутой файтинг за последние 10 лет!
,Recommended,237110,8503310,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ᾔ∑§πΩ™,"Great Story, Easy Combos, Classic Fatalities in SUPERB 3D Model. The BEST FIGHTING game of ALL TIME!!!"
76561198040016496,Recommended,237110,8504930,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Skeletor,Ever wanted to gut your friends? Now you can. In HD!
,Recommended,237110,8505316,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,byter,"Fighting from childhood, at all time."
,Recommended,237110,15678264,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheBushyMustache,"THE BEST FIGHTING GAME EVAAAR. Mortal komabat 9 on the pc is great, the graphics are perfect, the story is great there are how ever some fights which they really didn't need, the online is a bit laggy so if you are a hardcore online player you might not want to get this for online.There were some major bugs like d3d errors and stuff which are a pain to get rid of but once you fix those this game is great runs smoothly with no interruptions. I would say this game is 8/10 becuase of laggy online and major bugs."
,Recommended,237110,15688202,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,NaGuFeVeR © & ™,very hard to win last character.Intense fighting and a good arcade game for anyone looking for it.
76561198158762699,Recommended,237110,15693437,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,monkeyfreek,You kan't get kombat kash or kombat paks in non-kombat games.10/10 Reptile wins again
76561198109197422,Recommended,237110,15686846,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,The Silence,It's a really awesome game once you figure out how to fix it. If you need help then try reading one of the discussions posted here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=323185654
76561198070235522,Not Recommended,237110,15695784,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Snow,It doesnt matter what there is no way of playing this online BUT the game is fun singleplayer anyway.
76561198195886535,Not Recommended,237110,15793409,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,dragons1207,its not letting me play
76561198042927290,Recommended,237110,15785313,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Myoko,"Very impressive game, must play before MKX."
,Recommended,237110,6844262,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Arminiys,Fatality!
,Recommended,237110,14710260,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Amalaíso,"Fast paced and well animated characters. Story is good, for those who don't know MK's storyline."
,Not Recommended,237110,14438748,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,McMuerte,"I love the Mortal Kombat series, and while this game is lots of fun to play I cannot recommend it due to the terrible port and bugs that the game shipped with and that don't get patched with updates.The game would play smoothly for a certain amount of time, and then there would be constant frame drops and lag so as to make it unplayable.  I thought it might be my computer specs, but after testing it after a CPU and GPU upgrade the same glitches came to the surface.  All that I can conclude is that NetherRealm studios release buggy and incomplete console ports to PC buyers and expect them to take the product ""as is""."
76561198138308653,Not Recommended,237110,14441908,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Gandorlf,"Quite liked it at first but suddenly saw this game for what it is, Smoke vs Reptile and Sub-Zero? Yeah, no. Almost 100% of the time you will be reduced to pure button mashing, and I know I'm not the only one.  I'm sure there is some skill involved somewhere but deep down it's all about who can button mash the best.Also the online doesn't work,"
,Recommended,237110,14451735,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tehnobo,love it
76561198106312610,Recommended,237110,14656351,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,KANG SHEKELBERG,won't start up
,Recommended,237110,14319500,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,BallisticCrow,"Best Fighting game on PC by far, its super fun and playing King of The Hill with your friends reminds me when we use to play MKT when we were teens...Gameplay 10/10Story 10/10Sound 10/10Graphics 10/1010/10"
,Recommended,237110,14322016,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dragon Scale Bracer,I didnt like the Controls. Game Stops Working after you exit and restart Multiplayer needs to be fixed Deleting the ini file and editing your dxdiag files Dedicated Memory To 1024 in your C:\User\~USERNAME~\AppData\Roaming\MKKE folder will fix the Not starting issue Id wait for a fix if you plan on getting this game
,Recommended,237110,13731002,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fake News,"Lots of replay value. Sadly, MP lag is often atrocious.  Most players are either in Russia or Brazil which makes the MP unplayable for gamers in North America. Also, matchmaking is dead on arrival as there's no one on it."
,Recommended,237110,14471261,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Grinman,TASTE THE SENSATION.
,Recommended,237110,14472778,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ReasonPro,i played a beat this game it was awsome but reciently i tryed to play it a again and the game would not start up im still trying to figure this out i checked out some forums about this and it didnt help but over all this is an awsome game so i still give it a thumbs up
,Recommended,237110,14475606,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LadyZubat,"while i do recomend this game i recomend it on something other then Steam, xbox or playstation because this game just doesnt really work here."
,Recommended,237110,14415593,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,™1Shot1KiLL®,Get over here..!!!moves like kano's ball could have been simplified for the keyboard..!!!
,Recommended,237110,18462920,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fat nerd,kill people lol at blood.
,Recommended,237110,13373969,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,✪ pucai,FLESH
,Recommended,237110,18403898,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Star Killer,"Amazing Game, hours of fun"
,Recommended,237110,18266227,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Charlie,This game is a great reboot. It gives me the nostalgia of playing mortal kombat 2 on the SNES 18 years ago. It's just not as fun trying to remember all the button combinations as a working adult.
,Recommended,237110,11336935,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kondorr,"Mortal Kombat: 9/10- HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDMortal Kombat Impressions:My relationship with fighting games is more of a nostalgia than actual interest. As a youngster i played of course all those editions of Street Fighter 2, lots of Mortal Kombat. But these games sequels lacked something to keep me playing. After years and years I only ventured once into the genre for a few days with Soul Calibur IV... it was nice... than came Street Fighter 4... of course I waited for the SUPER Edition... and guess what... played the ""ladder"" and... well what shall I do now? The online modes weren't very interesting for me... the game is indeed far more advanced... and somehow... well... I won't resell it... but it is on the shelf for some time now...AND THEN CAME MORTAL KOMBAT 2011!It is so easy to start playing, using special attacks and combos... of course the learning curve isn't that way up to the top... which I probably will never reach... but I see a lot o potential for new comers, as well as veterans. I will not talk about fatalities and gore... because it is simply awesome... as is written in every review on this planet.What I consider a major update to the fighting genre is thestory-mode,which retells the events of the first 3 MK games. It is donebeautifully... B-movie style... it is so corny and over the top... a guiltypleasure! And I don't know how Legacy will be reviewed once it is done (so far I am not a fan), butthis story-mode is the best motion picture experience of all times,regarding the MK franchise of course!I don't see the need to write about the insane amount of unlockables,modes, tag-team specific combos, challenge towers, and all this stuff thatamounts to an unbelievable amount of content... You may argue which is the best fighter out there... but no doubt, MK9 isthe biggest (content-wise) fighter... and for me - not being atournament-profi-gamer - this accounts for far more than the supposedlittle bit better fighting system in SSF4...must play... for all the wrong and right reasons!"
,Recommended,237110,18251152,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DO_I_Kill_U,ยังไง
,Recommended,237110,18234152,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Renegade Firehawk,"Whether you're new to the series or the genre, this game is a ""bloody"" good time."
,Recommended,237110,18232252,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Big Gay BBQ,Good game at a good price. Medium length story that's good for passing some inbetween time.
76561198108097749,Recommended,237110,18098815,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[GM] Executioner,One of the best fighting games I've played!
,Recommended,237110,1699538,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,FusedRage,Extremely well made and smooth-running port with no GFWL.
,Recommended,237110,18104982,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,HEY BOUS :D,One of the best fighters i have played.I played the cracked version  a lot before i get  the original game on  sale on steam.So much better than Mortal Kombat X!!! 10/10
76561198068156267,Recommended,237110,18227796,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,jcheers,"I played this awsome game on super graphics, And guess what, I went all the way up to the tower and defeated shao khan with Reptile. And the reward was to pick any skin for any character  I:E Reptiles costume and hidden moves. I enjoyed playing this Mortal Kombat Komplete edition. And yes, Game Completed Fatality. I would recomend this game to anyone, Great gameplay and xray moves and fatalitys not to forget the realistic combo moves. EXCELLENT!"
76561198166682478,Not Recommended,237110,18530586,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,RekterinoInNektarino,"♥♥♥♥♥netcode, don't buy if you plan to play online."
76561198170688949,Not Recommended,237110,18589350,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,johnsolo1234,i just got this game last night and i did not think it would work but for a few while it did i was able to play it ran just as fast like on xbox but after and hour of game play i left the game and now im trying to turn it on and wont let me its loading but closes after a short time
,Recommended,237110,18687167,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The forest whispers my name,Expert mode highly recommended
,Recommended,237110,3004996,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Pycckuu CoJIgaT,Давай с вертухи в дышло!!!! Сколько джойстов на сеге меге драйф 2 было сломано))) Детство детство ты куда ушло?...
,Recommended,237110,8279959,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MajinPuu,"Oh what a reboot this game was. Oh what you thought that T rated DC Vs. MK was a reboocheeaaaa right! No we as gamers need brutality and lots of ripped shirt side boob, bones breaking in slow motion, turning peeps into infants, and BLOOD. That's what we need. AND MK9 DELIVERS ten fold. Oh and the game looks amazing. (cutscenes meh).9/10 must buy."
76561198083965015,Not Recommended,237110,18494146,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,xxNinjaLaptopxx,i do not recommend this game because you cannot mod this version get the retial disc off amazon you can mod
,Recommended,237110,18494627,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,O_Kaneki,its really fun and if it runs slow just download somthing called razer cortex!
,Recommended,237110,13136614,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kerigor,"Picked this up on a steam sale and I'm loving it so far.  I haven't played a MK in a while, but it really brings out the nostalgia.Graphics are top notch as well.  The PC port seems to be excellent."
,Recommended,237110,13137473,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,old timey wimey,"Great game, incredibly satisfying blood and gore, and a decent story. Game is usually on sale, so it's worth a try if you haven't played it."
,Recommended,237110,13153052,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Trifflex,Great Game! Bloody as hell :D :D!!!!
,Not Recommended,237110,13155473,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Caboose,This game will pull the most cheap shot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t diffuculty that it can bring. the gameplay is broken cause no matter how hard you hit the combos. you cant get a complete combo. this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069409401,Recommended,237110,13036270,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,God Emperor Jesus Christ,Really fun fighting game that helps bring Mortal Kombat to the new age.
,Recommended,237110,13096413,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,EsotericLiz,Has alot of flaws but still an classic and for that its worth it
,Recommended,237110,13000879,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PROPHETTA,Awesome gameplay. Nice to play with friends Sad thing is that i too so long for getting this one that sometimes there are not a lot of people online to play with. But the game Rock is all possible ways.
76561198100713648,Recommended,237110,13001104,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MF DOOM,Caesar love this game more than apes
,Recommended,237110,7042399,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,MaximusCg,"Помните то чувство, когда ты приходил к другу, собиралась компания пацанов с двора и вы все усевшись кружком перед телевизором и черной коробочкой с надписью Sega, рубились в Mortal Kombat? А я помню! А так же я помню свой восторг от MKI, MKII и MKIII - Ultimate и свое разочарование от MK4 и MK Armageddon. MK Komplete Edition это именно то, что нужно любителям классических файтингов серии Мортал Комбат. Никаких полностью трехмерных пространств, никаких несуразных, придуманных обкурившимися дизайнерами бойцов, никаких....Ладно, занесло меня что-то... Мортал Комбат 9 (ака Komplete Edition) это возрождение серии с приятной графикой, запомнившимся, но при это обновленными аренами, ну и конечно легендарными, полюбившимися нам за время существования серии, бойцами. Как и положено, имеется куча режимов, включая  режим PvP, но самое интересное и ценное( именно для меня) это НАКОНЕЦ -ТО  ПОЛНОЦЕННЫЙ СТОРИ МОД, который позволит взглянуть на события первых трех частей игры обновленным взглядом и еще раз пережить приключения героев серии MK.ЗЫ Однозначно возрождение серии и бальзам на душу фаната MK...Ждем MK X))"
,Recommended,237110,12650852,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[ٿ] ZupaSmoka,69
,Recommended,237110,12651342,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,strizzuth,"A great fighting game that manages to capture some of the best elements of the earlier and newer Mortal Kombat games while adding a few twists of its own.  It's not radically different, but it is definitely refined."
76561197997729596,Recommended,237110,12633621,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The||Hunter,"Top stuff, mp can lag at times but nothing serius if you connect to those with 3-4 bars."
76561198012734803,Recommended,237110,13218489,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ericio22,BALLER AS HELL
,Recommended,237110,7426535,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Apes,stronk game
76561198005044460,Recommended,237110,11587343,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Makyo,good
76561198045265695,Recommended,237110,11785249,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,andresdigi25,is awesome
,Not Recommended,237110,11802341,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,RidetheWalrus.j2,"Online play is pretty much not possible, but the game still plays!"
,Recommended,237110,11589069,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Diablón.,"Amazing game, characters, and story mode.. Definitely recommend it to anyone who is fanatic of fighting games... Single player fighting games.. Pretty much... But, for crying out loud, fix that multiplayer. Can't play online without lag because the friend hosts or the friend cant play online without lag because I host. The point is we can't play with confort online. One of us has to suffer the lag. Fix the online issues. It is crucial!One last thing I forgot to mention.. Can't achieve ""My King Fu Is Strong"" achievement with the DLC characters... I recently mastered one of them to get this achievement.. but no, no good.. Make them count too..."
76561198085112364,Recommended,237110,11751706,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Spooky Scary Skeleton,Great game but only of you have friends how own it. why you may ask? well that is because the story mode. the story mode is great to waste time but only at the start. at the start of the game the AI has a difficulty to it but as the story go frther on the AI becomes God like in the fact they can pull off combos right after hitting the ground or blocking straight after a massive combo. why all this may sound fun if your up for it but soon you have to verse two AI and becomes near impossible to beat them both as they pull combos before you can even get your next move ready. so in conclusion buy it if your friends have it or are buying it or if you reaction time is Godlike
,Recommended,237110,240718,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,BRunzilian,"O melhor jogo de luta da geração atual. Transbordando violência exagerada, gráficos bem feitos e controles precisos. Uma história bem conectada que traz tudo desde o princípio da série, e um multiplayer divertidíssimo. É possível se aprofundar nas mecânicas de combo, e ao mesmo tempo não fazer. Recomendadíssimo!"
76561198068472124,Recommended,237110,11525574,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,DJ Squeaky Pen,Good job with the recent update that helps laptops but the background lags a lot no matter what settings i put it on.Please update again fixing that issue.The game is but is not yet perfected for laptops trying to play it.
,Recommended,237110,11527912,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Alas,"Easily the best Mortal Kombat game since Mortal Kombat 2. This is a partial reboot/remake of the series. It covers the story of the first 3 Mortal Kombat games but with a twist. It has a multitude of characters to play with, a very interesting story mode and hundreds of fun little challenges in its challenge tower. The Krypt is also back, with numerous unlockables you can buy with the coins you earn from playing the various modes of the game. It also offers an online multiplayer mode but I wasn't very satisfied with it, it was too slow and not too many people actually bother with it, which means you often have to wait a long time for an opponent.MK Komplete is a must for every beat-em' up and MK fan out there and I highly recommend it. Just don't buy this for the multiplayer, you will be underwhelmed."
,Recommended,237110,11567351,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Cokevarius,"Exelente juego, el tema online aun esta un pcoco dejado de lado con respecto a la latency"
76561198123141001,Recommended,237110,11570014,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,MoZarel,Idk why but it keeps crashing for me but the 40 minutes I had with it was pretty fun o3o so i guess I could recommend this game.
,Recommended,237110,11736148,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dreizehnX,The best storymode I have ever seen in a beat 'em up game!I expected an average story - but this have beaten all my expectations. If you ever liked any Mortal Kombat game - then you will love this one.Not only the story is great. The gameplay also is. You can practice pretty everything in the practice mode. Not only special moves but also fatalities.A few cons: The achievements are insane. Trying to unlock all of them is either impossible or not fun at all. Just go after the story and crush your enemies and you will be fine.It is hard to play ranked mode against random strangers. You hardly get games.Best is to play solo or local co-op with a friend - I also had no problems playing online with people from my friends list.Summarized: totally worth the money and in my opinion the best Mortal Kombat game so far.
,Recommended,237110,11731494,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SquirrlyNuts,Bloody gore!
,Recommended,237110,11107785,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rassp Omega,Still the best fighter out there!
76561198064005118,Recommended,237110,10624232,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mordconfessor,"Everyone ask's if this game is fun to play by your self i say it is especially if you love fighting games , its fast paced like it should be and i find my self playing it a lot i have it on 360 and i find it very enjoyable. If you're looking for something that can give you a good fix this game dose it i think its worth a buy to have in your collectionThe controlls feel very responsive , Ive never experienced a crash and the game is very visually appealing as well"
76561197995681607,Recommended,237110,10626980,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,scoobydew79,"This game brings back such awesome memories.  Everything I loved about MK1-3, updated."
76561197995236389,Recommended,237110,10629296,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The New Guy,The Best Mortal Kombat Ever
,Recommended,237110,10654766,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cdot,The Gameplay is solid just like the Xbox version only had a long wait for cutscenes but apart from that Great game!
,Recommended,237110,10706520,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sacratiel,"Good Ol' MK, now shiny!"
,Recommended,237110,10707051,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,{LCD} C-U-J-O ™,Was a little surprised this was as good as it was. Thumbs up and a must for Mortal Kombat fans
,Recommended,237110,10707823,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,johnJG421,You can finish off your enemy by turning him into a baby. What more do you want?
,Not Recommended,237110,10710868,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cousin Avi,Terrible. DO'nt buy this game if you want to play multiplayer! MP Just refuses to work. And why else would you buy a Mortal Kombat game..
76561198023950057,Recommended,237110,10711581,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tibylux,"By far the best Mortal Kombat ever. The graphics are really good. There are many characters, new fatalities, new landscapes which are interactive and look amazing.There are tutorials, and lots of ways to practice your skills,learn new moves and finishing moves. There is also a storymode, and the multiplayer it's better than good. I really can't find any cons for this game. Definitely worth the 5 euros on sale, even the full price. I strongly recommend you this game, and one more thing, you definitely need a controller for the full experience of this game. 10/10 - Perfect"
,Recommended,237110,7391500,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Plotnus,ummmm... it's Mortal Kombat... sheesh
,Recommended,237110,977210,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Semi-Pacifist,If you like things that are awesome this is the game for you. It has a greatly polished fighting system that'll make you feel awesome the second you start and it is very easy to learn how to be OUTSTANDING. I did some videos of this way back at the beginning of my Youtube channel. The quality might be crap but you could probably find some neat tips to get started in them.=========Why haven't you bought this yet?
76561198128966935,Recommended,237110,10702761,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cabrero,"Excelente jogo, modo offline muito legal não da vontade de parar de jogar, online deixa muito a desejar, muitos lags e poucos jogadores disponíveis, e também acho que é só possivel jogar com brasileiro, mas vlw a apena comprar!"
76561198084609661,Recommended,237110,10703662,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alpha,I would recommend this game it is really fun to play and if you don't know any moves there is a moves list so they help you with that.
76561198137445372,Recommended,237110,15368596,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Prismghost,"Like the game, but haves problems launching. Easily fixed by someone in forums, but its an inconvience."
,Recommended,237110,15371213,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dio Brando,"BLOOD EVERYWHERE!, I luv it!"
,Recommended,237110,15372535,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Heart Of Life,"Great game, very hard in story mode but I then got a hang of it. The quility is the best that i have seen in mortal kombat. Kitana is my favourite fighter."
76561198069723919,Recommended,237110,15372675,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,kuraikokoro85,"I love the reboot, it's really fun and reminds me of the older ones like mortal kombat, mortal kombat II, and ultamet mortal kombat 3, if you've played those then you see that the story of this one allows you to play through the original story.This game takes place after Mortal Kombat Armageddon, a timeline in which Lui kang had been assassinated by Quan Chi and Shang Tsung in Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance, and subseqently revived as ""zombie Lui kang"" in Mortal Kombat Deception where onaga was also revived, and then Mortal Kombat Armageddon begin, where shao kahn reached the top of the pyramid, and although already being dead, you see raidin being beaten to death again by shao kahn. thats where this game begins, but things have changed, are they for the better, or for worse?if you need a brutal finisher or fatality you should defenitly play this game before playing Mortal Kombat X."
,Recommended,237110,15372925,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,El Cancer,good one
,Recommended,237110,15361991,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,yuvi3000,"I was annoyed and disappointed when I saw that this game was a whole 9GB and I had to wait quite a while to download it.AND THEN I PLAYED IT.HOLY MOTHER OF MILEENA'S BOOBS.Firstly, I don't play many fighting games properly although I've always loved Tekken and Mortal Kombat.So maybe I'm a little out of the loop when I say this but: WOW. THIS GAME IS AMAZING.The graphics are so good that you can see the veins in characters' arms and you could quite honestly use the female character bio screens for terrible things. Joystick indeed.The actual story is like watching a movie where you control the fight scenes.The gameplay works very well with low graphics settings and that already looks fantastic. So if you've got a powerful machine, the visuals will have your head ripped off. And after you get your head ripped off in-game, take some time to appreciate how good it looks.The sounds and music are exactly what you'd expect from such a game and the voice acting is honestly not bad at all.GET OVER HERE and buy this!I was already grinning at the gruesome mess I paid for just after pressing start at the title screen.MY ONLY KOMPLAINT is that for some really dumb reason, every character, costume and move is already unlocked when you purchase this version. WHY WOULD YOU GUYS DO THAT?I love the selection, but I really wanted to unlock stuff on my own :(Still buying everything in the Krypt though. Most awesome interactive shop I've ever seen in a game, by the way.PS: If anyone calls you ""NOOB"" when they've fighting you, don't assume they're insulting you."
76561198106012990,Not Recommended,237110,15364901,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,da-pilot,wont work
76561198220832188,Recommended,237110,15365266,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Gamer6099,vary fun game
76561197968096530,Not Recommended,237110,15321918,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TskC,"I get the problem ""This game requires Direct3D 9.0c on windows vista and above""...  what should I do?... and the fact that they still have this kind of problem 2-3years after relese is just dissapointing"
76561198078718666,Recommended,237110,15322044,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MinaSlut,10/10
,Not Recommended,237110,15322191,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Inspectah Kung,"lol press xray buton and dead... gj netherrealm, smh ;P"
,Recommended,237110,12198861,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,✪ shrkz,The only bad thing about this gem is probably no boob physics.11/10
,Recommended,237110,15322270,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,seethingword [HPMC],http://steamcommunity.com/app/237110/discussions/0/618458030692526393/crash on startup fix
76561198012700014,Recommended,237110,15326953,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,thesign,"Solid fighting game, lovely mechanics, pretty graphics and all the blood you could as for."
76561198054240033,Recommended,237110,15327561,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Abaddon,"'Mortal Kombat  Komplete Edition' brings the franchise back to its roots.  Fans of the original Mortal Kombat trilogy will be pleased with familiar game mechanics combined with updated graphics; the storyline is an amalgam of the storylines of the original three games.  MK:KE is a fantastic, fantastic game for fans of the original series."
,Recommended,237110,15328999,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fenraldr Bloodfang,"I'm gonna write a full review later, but just from the nearly 4 hours I've put into this game, I can already tell you that it's fun as hell. Get a controller, though. The keyboard controls suck."
,Recommended,237110,15329983,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DudzMike,"You will not beat this game first try THAT ♥♥♥♥ER SHAO KAHN -Gaben (Thats how you know your ♥♥♥♥ed, Gaben has trouble)"
,Not Recommended,237110,15330238,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Benji,the game wont lauch anymore. even tho i reinstalled it and♥♥♥♥♥♥ seriously fix this bug please
,Recommended,237110,15314041,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Zombro,awsom game great fun and gore if you think its easy to play dont think that try to clime the lader first 2 or 3 you will have a easy time but after that the game slaps you in the face and shoves your face in the dirt but still fun its a must buy for people geting ready for MKX.(and if anyone can help me get my stupid xbox 360 controuler to work with the game i wold realy like that i got windows 8.1 and the video i saw sead i need some wirelis adapter like thing for it but any help wodl be nice.)
,Recommended,237110,15331914,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Kung Fu Kenny,Fun game but i have to delete a file everytime i play :( this need to be fixed!9.9/10
,Recommended,237110,15334149,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,peak,"I do like this game, however after I logged out I cant get back on and I have broken a chair already, I wasted 4.99 on a now broken game :/"
,Not Recommended,237110,15096656,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DEVX doguinho,"JOGO MUITO BOM! GRÁFICOS BONS! PERSONAGENS BONS, MAS SÓ FALTOU UMA COISA.A jogabilidade.Eu tentei conectar meu controle do XBOX no pc mas eu não consegui. A jogabilidade com teclado é pessima. Se você não tem controle de XBOX, não compre!Mas eu achei o jogo muito louco! Tem até o Freddy do filme ""Hora do pesadelo"" :)"
,Recommended,237110,15112621,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,－Ｅｃｃｏ－,A very fun kid-friendly game for the whole family to enjoy.
76561197991762358,Recommended,237110,15168029,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,I am Armor Man,"Such a great and true to its roots reincarnation and imagining of the Mortal Kombat universe!Played most of my gametime on console and was happy to finally see a decent PC version of MK.Developers at NetherRealm took a bold move and introduced the ""2.5D"" Fighting platform which gave it a really nice old-school feel to people who've yearned for its modern return since the beloved UMK3.The story is great and very movie-like!Fatalities are awesome and interestingly inspired *cough*MK:DA Quan Chi*cough*X-Ray moves are a welcoming spectacle. Every time somebody says ""oooh ouuuuch"" when these moves are performed.All characters are unique from each one and add a surprising amount of depth to the story as well as give us a more cinematic understanding and experience of every character with excellent voice acting.Music is also a plus and i was so happy to hear retro stages soundtrack re-done for this MK.The Krypt offers many fun unlockable chars, fatalities, alternative costumes, concept art, music and many more cool stuff.It does sound like a fan-boy hype but i cannot stress this enough how much fun me and my mates have had playing this in front of a big screen and just battling it out while having a few beers.9.5/10 - 0.5 off for Sub-Zero feeling like a slow acrobatic wrestler and not a fast cold-hearted ninja.Can't wait for MK:X ! :)"
76561198154840993,Recommended,237110,14942803,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Meric Zo Paul,its fun and looking foward to the new one
76561198156217033,Not Recommended,237110,15294416,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,XX_MLGNOSCOPER_XX,this game ♥♥♥♥in sucks i cant play it it wont even load
,Recommended,237110,15290547,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,<3less PlayItems.com,"Bought the game because I loved playing it on 360 at my buddies house.... got to play once, now anytime I try to launch it I can't get past the logo screen. It doesn't have great support, I got directed to WB website where I could find absolutely NOTHING to help me fix my problem. Any help would be awesome, as I am severly contemplating giving up and getting my money back... This franchise has always been a favorite of mine since childhood, so buying this broken game was even more of a disappointment.Edit: Found a work around, but it's only a temporary solution, requiring me to delete my .ini file before every play-session, and then sit through the auto-config each time... but I would now recommend this game. Just know that there are bugs!!"
76561198201929032,Recommended,237110,15295278,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ValiantSilver,coolist fighter by far... John Redcorn
,Recommended,237110,12162348,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Wheat (Jacob),It's okay
76561198070209420,Not Recommended,237110,15297004,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,qHUYzy,Game crashes on me.  Scoured the forums and it seems to be an issue for some others as well.  I'm not sure if there will be any support for this.  I'm out $5.
,Not Recommended,237110,15298255,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,jairtzinio,why the hell is it in Spanish..... nothing in my computer is in Spanish and i don't really see an option for english
,Recommended,237110,15299290,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Doug Dimmadome,Practicing how to to stab people through the balls. 10/10 ball breaking simulator
76561197998836042,Recommended,237110,15299879,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TonyShoes,A little late to the party but still - the most fun in a combat game on PC I've had since we used to have tourneys on Nintendo 64 before high school in the mornings. 75% off makes it basically the same cost as a gallon or 2 of gas...   can't get more mileage for your money. Great graphics - controller works fine - no lag.  +2
,Recommended,237110,10991707,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jacob,"Rather hard to master. The PC controles are iffy and clumped, much more comfortable on a controller, though the movement on the controller is somewhat precise. If you don't move the stick exactly to the left or right, you'll either jump or crouch accidentally. Very brutal action scenes which are awesome."
76561197970402381,Recommended,237110,10950647,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,solexa,Excellent! Still miss the old control schemes though.
76561198120581572,Recommended,237110,10951545,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dank_kank,If you like action games or like games like injustice this game will be grate for you.Its one of my favorite games and you should get it while its on sale now.Mortal kombat komplete edition has many cool characters to choose from in wich you fight with. This mortal kombat has a great story mose based on my freinds and my perspectives and the online multiplayer is great for this game. I give it a great nine out of ten.
76561198022502427,Recommended,237110,10953109,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TempusFugit,Love this game its the best mk to date .. if you like a fighting game this is a must for the cart 10/10
76561198015955130,Recommended,237110,10954356,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,javis,"perfect game. One of the best in PC (and consoles)better than Armageddon.story mode is great and long.but....multiplayer is soooo bad! lags, game crashes.... and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""mighty"" players who think repeating some moves allover is fun... but it isnt. 1 match from 5 isnt laggy. Recommend to play with friends with good connection.but i recommend"
76561198076525412,Recommended,237110,10548255,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,omnius,"If you're nostalgic for old 16-bit MK 1-3, this is definitely a must-play."
76561198075854130,Recommended,237110,11001100,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cg_-5weld,"Above all of your expectations, this is the kind of game that makes you ask for more, even when you already beated the game, i will give this game 10/10 and a must-buy."
,Recommended,237110,11227332,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND!,"Play Locally, Online won't work out it's kinks."
,Not Recommended,237110,11229102,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dyne,Unless you're playing online the game is pretty unbalanced and unfair which is actually par for the course in Mortal Kombat. You can beat the entire single player game by using the light punch button and not learning any of the special moves. It's fun up to a point I guess but it's mostly just ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating and poorly designed.
76561198132285402,Recommended,237110,11281468,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,pikbouy02,how the ♥♥♥♥ do i get dlc
,Recommended,237110,11139077,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sjorspion,Best Mortal Kombat experience after Mortal Kombat 2!
76561198049950356,Recommended,237110,11372149,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,VVarrior VII,You can rip people in half. 10/10
76561198115554321,Recommended,237110,11363566,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,minigunmatt,this is the best fighting game ever made
,Recommended,237110,11446740,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Planjke,good game
76561198098552171,Not Recommended,237110,11443295,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,robertfischer129,got to play once and now it wont play for me. wtf is going on with this
,Recommended,237110,11181435,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"This was the first Mortal Kombat game I've bought. I may have spent an hour or two playing MK on the SNES back when I was a kid but the series never made much of an impression on me, which is a shame because this game is a bucket of fun."
,Recommended,237110,11201466,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,|||||||||||||||||||,"If you want to fight with someone fight him in Mortal Kombat, he will suffer more. Vengeance will be mine! muhaha."
,Recommended,237110,11211262,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,IAmKingJon,Awesome♥♥♥♥♥game!
76561198049204399,Recommended,237110,11213750,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,x341Bloodflowsx341,Really great game fast quick
,Recommended,237110,11276591,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ratbag,"One of the best fighting games of all time, if not the best."
76561198108738125,Recommended,237110,15282989,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Toomatta5632,"It's laggy on my PC, but my PC itself is crap. I've read it works on almost all PCs. Mortal Kombat is great. Many characters are here in this edition, plus 4 DLC characters that come with the Komplete Edition. It's a great, gory game. The fatalities are simple on this version too, because it's just typing. For Johnny Cage's default fatality, it's just typing D D A S G. The game controls great, but if you don't like the keyboard, you can plug in an Xbox 360 controller! It's literally, in my eyes, 10 out of 10, 5 stars. My favorite fighting game of all time. I HIGHLY reccomend you scoop up MK while it's only $4.99."
,Not Recommended,237110,15477297,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Profish,"i buy it the previous day ,i play 1 hour and the next day i couldnt open the game i restart my pc and i re- download it . the game isn't open so dont buy that game you will have problems . but it is very nice game . i wish the game open again :("
76561198064885175,Recommended,237110,15495998,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,☣  Eagle ☠,HADOUKEN!
76561198059132415,Not Recommended,237110,15497426,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Robert,crash crash  lots of bugs the viedo bug and a directx bugs the game is good but you only play once then come the bugs lots of them  steam fixx the games or dont sell it  well for you dont buy it  bugs like roaches the come out after you frist play it
,Not Recommended,237110,15498409,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,sushifiction,The game is awesome but i only played it once after it loaded and it wont launch again. if anyone can fix this please do i'd appreciate but for now i do not recommend this game. thank you.
76561198014231273,Recommended,237110,15501007,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Komotoz,What a great reboot of the franchise !
,Recommended,237110,15501773,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,OceanMan,Hot chick
76561198062348180,Recommended,237110,15577333,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,monkeyspree,GET OVER HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,15574986,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kijin,"An awesome game, amazing if it wasn't for one feature:Launch it once, then it won't launch againI could only play it for 5 hours, but it's enough time to say it's a great game. The characters, the graphics, and especially that outstanding story mode, which gathers individual character stories in one single timeline.  I am a big fan of MK since the original mortal kombat, and I can totally say this is one of the best ones.The only trouble is that, after launching the game once, the game won't open! I've tried re-downloading, deleting local files, cancelling Steamcloud conections, and even getting into the deep OS settings to delete every single file before re-installing. I've checked the task manager and it seems that there is a problem with directX... Hope somebody releases a patch soon."
76561198151666230,Recommended,237110,15576086,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,polak,"Runs very well amd the gore will make you cringe. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to have an arcade fighting style game. The campaign is good contrary to what some may say, its not mind-blowingly great - it is okay."
76561198102216732,Not Recommended,237110,15480558,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,CC Stormbringer,Do not purchase this game. I played it on my laptop w/ the lowest specs just to kill some time. Bought it for $5. It stopped working completely after I quit the game the first time. Has not opened once since.
76561198029010801,Recommended,237110,15623674,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Blastronaut,"This game is a wonderful new take on the classic MK format of brutal combos, gore, and absolute insane fights. It takes everything great about the Original MK trilogy and adds new features and changes to game play that gives it a very high replay value and an overall bloody good time. If you like fighting games in general or your looking to rekindle your love with Mortal Kombat then my friend, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,237110,15458994,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,RebelSoulGamerAplG7,"This is the ninth in the Mortal Kombat series if you start all the way from the very first Mortal Kombat. That makes this game Mortal Kombat 9. This game has some pretty good features compared to previous Mortal Kombat games because it has lots of modes to choose from! You got your arcade ladder classic gameplay where you fight one fighter after another until you finally reach the final boss at the top of the ladder. The opponents are randomize except for the final boss Shao Khan. There is the story mode which added some more depth besides the usual fighting gameplay. It gives the characters more personality because of that! There's also the Practice and Training modes for combos, specials, fatalities, and other stuff! You also got your Challenge Tower which basically gives you different kinds of mini games as well as the usual kombat but with some challenges added like unblockable attacks, being only able to use some abilities and not others, test your luck, test your might, and many more! There's 300 challenges in the tower so good luck! You can skip some of the challenges if you have enough Koins but you get an achievement for beating every single one! There's the options menu where you can adjust the game's resolution, anti-aliasing, and other stuff to make it work on your computer. Choose the best setting that works for you so just play around with it! Mine has no problem running at a smooth 60 fps at 1080p so that's nice! I haven't tried the online matches yet so I'll do that later. So far I'm liking the game a lot and it gets quite addictive trying to master combos and juggling your opponents in the air! I also love the usual fatalities! They're pretty easy to execute in this game. The controls are fluid and the game is challenging. I'm still working on medium difficulty so I'm no pro yet. I'd definitely recommend this game if you're a fan or not of the Mortal Kombat games or just fighting games in general! One thing that hasn't changed over all the Mortal Kombat games since the first one is the usual gore and blood so you just gotta love this series for that! Mortal Kombat X is out so I'll probably try out that one later. Meanwhile, I'll enjoy this one for now!"
,Recommended,237110,15037576,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,BENIS :DDDDDDD,You can kick your opponent in the balls.10/10
76561198012031982,Recommended,237110,15039795,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Scorp18,"If you're looking for a violent beat 'em up, that's the game you're looking for. It's quite violent indeed (reminds me of MKII which was the most succesfull one so far). The graphics are good as are the sound effects. The gameplay is like a 2D game (which is good if you ask me) and can be complicated but only if you want it to. I mean if you want to play ""casually"" you can simply remember some basic special moves (like myself) but if you want to really get into it, there are lots of combos and more special moves and fatalities and moves combinations etc. The story mode is one more BIG plus.Recommended!(I guess it'll get even cheaper now that X will be out)"
76561198108539773,Recommended,237110,10583851,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,GTA V smurf,Best Mortal Kombat Game so far
,Recommended,237110,10584287,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dallis1155,Kinda hard to play with keyboard and lags a little...idk it might just be my computer
,Recommended,237110,10821780,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Yass Queen Slay!,Straight up this game is better than that Brawl ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Real man's game all up in here.
76561198059729510,Not Recommended,237110,10825780,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Satan,"Overall this game is really fun, but the 1v2 in the story mode is COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. All the fun that there was in the story mode was completely destroyed by these constant 1v2 matches where you are at a disticnt disadvantage, you can't use tag combos, and you have half your enemies health, furthermore, it is worse because there are so many characters that telepot nonstop."
,Recommended,237110,10828022,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jazz2012,"Best fighting game ever released! Playing MK  since 1994. So far MK2 and MK3 were the best, now this version is the best!"
76561198029822021,Recommended,237110,10833241,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,pepel101,"Great game, brings back a lot of memories... Good 1 and 2 person modes, nice tag ladder and online modes."
76561198026965150,Recommended,237110,10834189,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,criten87,"I love this game, its fast passed and quite easy to pick up the combo's plus works great with the controller. Be carefull of thumb injuries though :)"
,Recommended,237110,13434840,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,cage82,I've always liked the Mortal Kombat games and I have enjoyed playing this.  If you like fighting games you can't go wrong with this game.
76561198024661149,Recommended,237110,13029350,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Selene,Great game! The only thing I see wrong with it is the keyboard controll scheem. Y'all need to change that in my opinion. Other than that it is a amazing game!
,Recommended,237110,13195848,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MightyKrizpp,"Good fun. I can sort of feel nostalgia from this game, even though I didn't play them in the past.Good:+ Graphics+ Animations(mainly from combo attacks)+ System requirements(You really don't need a 560 for the best experience. You can run perfectly well on basically any system)+ Story(I actually liked the story from this game. It did a good job, especially with all the characters)Bad:- Port(The port is just awful if you want to use a keyboard. T & U Punch, G & J Kick)- Online(The online servers are basically dead. The connection is so awful it stutters the animation and fps)"
,Recommended,237110,13198108,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SolarTrip,Really fun enjoyed and it has great graphics
,Recommended,237110,13201211,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,mdizzbx_gaming,"Even though it takes a minute to play this on low video settings and with an Intel 2805 processor while not launching all the time, still good game to play."
76561198017622045,Recommended,237110,13207515,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Woof,Very fun game :)
76561198046672208,Recommended,237110,13190179,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,"Ian, from Forgotten Weapons","For its price (currently 10$ not on the daily deal but I got it for 5$), it's a pretty fantastic game. It's a MK game, does everything a Mortal Kombat game does. You punch people, there's a lot of blood and it's generally satisfying. A few balance issues aside I've been having a lot of fun with it... that would be all there is to say except the PC port is pretty garbage. There is no windowed mode and you have to download 3rd party software to /kinda/ force it into windowed. You can't even edit it in the .ini. Also if you're thinking about playing it online outside of a private match or inside a private match without a bit of lag, forget it. The netcode is pretty bad as well, though private matches seem to be alright. Local is always the way to go though. If you can get it on sale however, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,237110,13190729,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dragomeere,"The fighting game that got me into fighting games. Incredibly fun to play. You also will feel amazing the first time you performa  fatality correctly. Good story, lots of extras in game, and a few extra modes to keep you busy after the story. Great game."
,Not Recommended,237110,13180957,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,pAtricc.,.
76561198186386270,Recommended,237110,25134572,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Irish Spring,"It's a fun game, even though I don't play it that much and I am pretty bad at MK. However I still enjoyed Story mode and fighting in towers. Cinematics could be better though"
,Recommended,237110,17684670,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Frank Gamez,"That's a great game that I'm recording to YouTube for my channel ""GogetaGamer"".These company that created this game must to update the game for make it better than before.But that's just a constructive criticism, but the game continues being the jewel that is :D"
,Recommended,237110,2808054,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,TOP1_POSLE_PGG,XAXBCZCZAAX :D
76561198198046465,Recommended,237110,16377869,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DragonGhost42,I love Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,16509057,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,But I Hate You All,Great Game!
,Recommended,237110,16509316,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bortigo,Who doesn't like MK ? Seriously...
,Recommended,237110,16500403,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Reap,"Great OFFLINE game!!If playing singleplayer fighting games is your thing then this is perfect for you. The story is great (It's kind of a re-tell of Mortal Kombat 1-3 but with different outcomes due to Raiden's visions). The fighting and gore is awesome especially the fatalities.If you do however, want to play this game with your friends, it cannot be done online (try as many times as you like, it won't change).  Just invite over a few mates and have a great time! Get to experience the nasty fatalities together, get all rowdy when you witness or pull off a random combo! This is a great game for beginners to fighting games as you can simply win by button mashing. You can face off with a friend with just a single keyboard. If you find that a bit too crowded, just plug in a controller or two. If you don't have one, I'm sure at least one of your friends do.TLDR; boob physics"
,Recommended,237110,13408753,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lord Cactus,"dis game 2 mlg 5 me doods, i r8 8 out of 8 great game, but that cheeky skull guy is a feg"
76561198036325163,Recommended,237110,4388787,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Assassin,Awesome game!!!
,Recommended,237110,13468753,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,retif,"It's the same MK as it was in the 90s, only with very nice graphic and boobs! Especially boobs are great! I bought a gamepad specially for this game, I haven't got one before. So much fun."
,Recommended,237110,849905,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,DeadWarrior1989,Fatality
76561198043216746,Recommended,237110,13475881,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shields,"Round 1... fight!I used to have no experience with fighting games. One day I bought this game to change that. I played the very melancholy yet very difficult and challenging campaign all the way through and felt like I was the most incredible MK player in the world! I loved the game and had a blast playing it with friends. It is not difficult to master and is an excellent local 2-player game. On sales it usually goes as low as $4.99 and includes all PC DLC.Round 2... fight!Very diverse characters, all with movesets to specialize in and learn. Impress friends with your knowledge of combos (sorry, ""Kombos"") which are easy to execute with practice.Round 3... fight!Mortal Kombat X is imminent... I am very excited for it and will probably get it upon its release. This would be the sole reason I would warn against this game as it may fall out of popularity and become obsolete. I enjoyed my time in it and will return someday and kick people again.P.S. Ermac best character, followed closely by Liu Kang"
76561198088187969,Recommended,237110,13492652,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Retro Warrior,"great game.can't wait for MK X!!!!only problem this game has, NO ONE ONLINE!!!!"
,Recommended,237110,414514,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Icetroll,If you like fighting games and have liked MK in the past this edition is the best yet.  With the great fatalities and Xray moves showing internal destruction it is over the top.  Using the unreal engine this really does it right on the visuals.  TOns of unlockables and different play types like challenges and tag teams.  I recommend it.
76561198101884221,Recommended,237110,13733931,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Minion with Bananas,I highly recommend this excellent game.For details check my review on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfiPctLkDs0
76561198069358881,Recommended,237110,13280514,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,juhasz.roland.istvan,"+ Mortal Kombat Legacy (if you played Mortal Kombat I-II-III in the old ages, it can bring back those memories from the 90s+ It has a story!+ not bad graphics and combat implementations+ it has a tutorial and training system for most things (moves, combos, fatalities)! Was a pleasant suprise.- if you play with key + mouse, you will be cursed... need a proper controller for this game if you want to play properly.:S"
,Recommended,237110,10922956,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mowsamancer,"Solid fighting game. Classic Mortal Kombat gameplay, fun characters, and an alright story mode. Test Your Luck is fun."
76561198034467791,Recommended,237110,10934066,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CJ_Stewart,It is bloody cool ;)
,Recommended,237110,10583390,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NatasPadli,"Excellent game, the only BIG problem, is the online gameplay... TOO LAGGY"
,Recommended,237110,10896386,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Strifecore, Shinobi of the Leaf","FATALITY! Seriously, this game is as good as a fighter as any. Forget the button mashing of Street Fighter and add gallons and gallons of blood and you'll have Moral Kombat. Let's just say the final boss of this game is the reason my tv has a hole in it."
,Recommended,237110,10901289,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kabo,Good Game
76561198081041434,Recommended,237110,10902050,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vyti,Being relatively♥♥♥♥♥♥at fighting games in general; the 1 vs 2 AI battles in Mortal Kombat's story mode almost caused me to have an aneurysm...sixteen times.10/10
76561198107385672,Recommended,237110,12690468,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"Blood, death fight, nervous reactivity, X rays moves, faataaaalities great story mode, interesting   and entertaining (in my opinion) tower of challenges.... excellent fighting game."
76561198067018366,Recommended,237110,12532153,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Moon man,It's amazing!
76561198089130960,Recommended,237110,12700273,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,lionsrule95,I remember the very first mortal kombat i played and gotta say if you love the series then you will totally love this fantastic story line as well
,Recommended,237110,12702949,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,GMW Wing,"DA, Deception, and Armageddon are still better. 3 Button Combos, X-Ray attacks, and laggy online play. 2/5. Only giving a positive because you don't have to buy a hundred copies of the game to get all the costumes."
,Recommended,237110,12704725,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Fellas,A ♥♥♥♥ING MAZING
,Recommended,237110,14052207,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SirJustin1337,The Best Fighting Game Series!
,Recommended,237110,13999281,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tripleh,this game is so awesome one of the best fighting game for the pc i love this game
,Not Recommended,237110,14003412,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[Club]zeKavian®,Button mashing nonsense.
76561198149385751,Not Recommended,237110,13823008,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Marty McFly,"I dislike how it only worked the 1 time I played it, then never can access game again, with no response from steam"
,Recommended,237110,13843665,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Horse in coat,good game
76561198088257206,Recommended,237110,13887327,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,_Hektic_,test ur might
76561198067002276,Recommended,237110,13935370,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,leal_sandoval,Really enjoyable full version of all MKs...
,Recommended,237110,7810335,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"This game is the best MK game out there, tons of replay value. The fun never stops! 10/10"
,Recommended,237110,7818705,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,CaptainJorge,Faithful resurrection of a classic.
76561198007894086,Recommended,237110,2473521,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,SergioMorais,9/10 наконец то дождались)Уряяя
76561198028512146,Not Recommended,237110,8367284,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jamiee5300,"Played Deadly Alliance and Armageddon fondly and expected this to be the best yet. Pretty gutted, I found the combat really clunky and slow compared the previous games and other fighting games. I tried to get used to it but it was just too irritating."
,Recommended,237110,8260936,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ornithopter,"I recommend this game because it is one the best fightings on PC, but it's not perfect - multiplayer constantly lagging in rooms. Best play with friends in private matches - it'll lag, but it doesn't hurt anyone."
,Recommended,237110,8264026,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dalton,Press 7 to win.8/10
76561198079323993,Recommended,237110,8275253,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,x4DAVE4x,"Very good game if you play it with your friends, but If you play it alone its bit boring."
,Recommended,237110,8275505,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jimmy P,An amazing reboot for a once great franchise gone wrong. This game gives me hope for the future of Mortal Kombat. It should be noted that this version includes all the DLC previously released on consoles giving it extra value! For only 30 US dollars this game is definately worth it!
,Recommended,237110,8303074,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Detro,Very good MK series
,Recommended,237110,8297465,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FloriaNN,"This game is fun , but i have a problem if i run the game it wount start can anybody help me? :("
76561197993496355,Recommended,237110,7471007,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Badger,A great fighting game. A great addition to the series and good for first comers. Get it if you like punching your mates and/or bots.7/10
,Recommended,237110,8197506,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,@KexiBQ,Good game
,Recommended,237110,8245717,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Delin Windsong,one of my favorite fighting games.
,Recommended,237110,8268881,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,PhattyStack,great game i love it!
,Recommended,237110,8400510,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Donald Wilson,Not really fun unless you have someone to play with. Other than that i really wouldnt recommend it.
,Recommended,237110,8330587,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,markmozza,Very good game
,Recommended,237110,4212480,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Johnbot300,Great Awesome Sick fighting game
,Recommended,237110,14510178,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King Darthrog,Single player and offline multiplayer work. Online could be better.
76561198088624913,Recommended,237110,14511055,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,EmoScout,It's a lot of fun and takes me back to the old days when I first began playing mortal kombat on the nintendo
,Recommended,237110,8142836,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Joffrey_V,"Seems like a good enough game, but plays in slow motion, even when I set my graphics settings on LOW. My graphics card is a AMD Radeon HD7950, so it should be able to handle this game... Too bad there isn't a patch available. The same problems occur with 'Injustice - Gods among us', so I recommend not buying either game until the developer comes with a working patch!Edit: I have built a new, much better PC. In  the end, it's a pretty good game, just like Injustice: Gods Among Men. I guess it's either not a very good port, or just a very CPU-heavy one."
,Recommended,237110,14554572,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,GODSKI!,"This game is such a throwback to the great amazing combat found in the Mortal Kombat Trilogy, this is the way to make a remaster of a game."
76561198129259692,Recommended,237110,14566761,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Кирм,"Если в музыке Моцарт,в живописи Репин,то в видеоиграх типа файтинг класикой является мортал комбат.Знаменитый файтинг довольно хорошо смотрится на PC. Всё тот же 2д вид, все те же старые добрые бойцы с их почти неизменными приёмами, знакомыми многи любителям линейки МК,которые ждут не дождутся своего часа набить друг другу    лица. Кол-во бойцов примерно около 32. Кроме стандартных знакомых всем режимов(практис и тауер) добавленн стори мод  и пару таких своего рода мини игр типа проверь свою силу,удачу и т.д.Графика и звук находятся в хорошем состоянии.Особенно это чувствуется когда приходит пора визитной карточки игр МК-фаталити,то из-за чего эта игра попала в 10ку самых жестокий игр.Управление предполагает назначение клавиш самому или использование джойстика."
,Recommended,237110,14570722,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,iamcline,"Great single-player game, and a great step in the right direction for this franchise.  Unfortunately the online versus mode is extremely flawed for this PC version.  If you are a local multiplayer or single-player only type of gamer, then you can't lose with this MK game!"
76561198032897383,Recommended,237110,12392284,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,cyberSpice,Interesting. Beautiful. Classic.- Get over here! (c)
,Recommended,237110,13234424,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,hjbomega,"Not a soul online, but hey i still get to practice when necessary."
76561198121317846,Not Recommended,237110,13142348,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TheFancyFish,bought it and it doesnt work
76561198027510094,Recommended,237110,13143514,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TaintedOrangeJuice,"Its Great reminds me of the older Mortal Kombat's but with a new twist. Its a very good game but i think the control scheme's messed up, granted a keyboard with this game is something new and can be challenging, you can use a controller which makes up for the difficulties of a keyboard and a fighting game."
76561198081308251,Recommended,237110,13145551,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eat It Fresh ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This Game Is Awesome! But Online Isn't Working And Highly Recommend Using Controller...
,Recommended,237110,13128525,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,bicidia,Good Fight!
76561197999631368,Recommended,237110,13128542,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Eddie Killer,Simply buy it: totally worth it! :D
,Recommended,237110,3765983,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,FitoNyashka,legendary old story in new shell
76561198043113268,Recommended,237110,13131712,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TRIGGERED SNOWFLAKE,Still great
76561198084708669,Not Recommended,237110,8505393,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr.Hemiroids,Mortal Kombat is a great game. I've been playing this series since 92 when the first one was released. Most of your time will be spent on multiplayer. So unfortunately I cannot recommend this game. The multiplayer is completely broken and nearly unplayable. I own this on the Xbox 360 as well as the PC and they both have the same problem. Which is very sad in unfortunate. Because I love this game and would spend hours and hours playing online and mastering my character. But you can't and that ruined this game for me. So purchase at your own risk if multiplayer is important or enjoyable to you.
76561197971912335,Recommended,237110,8505693,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,-=MarkyG=-,"Brings back memories from when I started playing the series. Good fun, graphics are crisp, loads fast and overall very enjoyable."
76561198070738190,Recommended,237110,8509418,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ullgenseer,incredible!!
,Recommended,237110,8510424,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,mojo,"A big step up from its predecessor, MKKE is a solid fighting game with excellent mechanics bringing back many of the characters from previous installments and a couple of new ones, although the new ones are honestly kind of dry and generic. Of course they're fatalties, however in this installment, it's a double-eged sword. As on one side i enjoyed the satire and corniness of these executions but on the other i felt a little uncomfortable and disturbed from seeing heads and torsos spraying blood everywhere. But overall the game is a solid release."
,Recommended,237110,8596078,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kanalung,"This new Mortal Kombat is awesome! No more stances, no more 3D movement, just classic MK3 style gameplay with [almost] modern graphics. There's a lot of content, like 5 different difficulty levels, EVERY CHARACTER, bonus gametypes, and the story mode is awesome! You can even play as Freddy Kreuger! If you buy it, you will play it."
,Recommended,237110,8598001,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Abaddon,"much awesome, so fun, wow."
,Recommended,237110,8416691,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ganso,"This game is the reboot the franchise needed. It has all the best gameplay mechanics from all games, it is quite balanced, since experienced players can get the most from a single character to beat others, but will have to also train with a few others in order to be stay competitive. It is gory, the story is basically the best from all games and forces you to learn how to play with most characters, it is very nostalgic since all moves and characters are the same as the first games, and it is VERY addicting. Unfortunately the Online MP does not work very well, it has some people playing and you can have a lot of fun if you get it to work."
76561198009700840,Recommended,237110,8575177,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Doctor Cocktopus,Just... AWESOME.
,Recommended,237110,8577171,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,VictusXIII,"What can be said, it is Mortal Kombat.I have yet to have any problems. The game is a blast, and story mode is compleatly unforgiving. I had long since forgotten the feeling of wanting to throw my controller at the wall before I got going on this game again.I' have had no problem with the MP aspect, but have only played with another person in the same town."
,Recommended,237110,8626402,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,crowation,This game is an awesome remake of Mortal Kombat 1-3. Multiplayer is kinda broken.
,Recommended,237110,8670955,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Roadley,oh yir! Relive the classic moments
,Recommended,237110,12425512,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mk_v1ckers,"Mortal Kombat... what can i say about this game? Just makes me feel like 10 years old again!!!The game brings the gameplay and the graphics quality from today and joins it to the nostalgic feeling of old arcade MK's. It seems i've played the Ultimate MK with great graphics.Some points to know...Pros:- This MK has a Story Mode, there you can follow the events of MK since the beginning of the tournament. I really enjoyed it.- The game runs pretty well and all gameplay is fluid and easy to learn.- All classic characters can be found in this MK with new movements and great combos.- New fighting modes like Tag Ladder and the Challenge Tower increase the time you spend in front of the game.- All characters have at least 2 fatalities, if you don't know how to perform it, just take a look at Moves List (for some players, the Moves List can be a bad thing, cause old MK's don't have this)- The X-Ray moves are awesome, you can see the bones cracking at every punch your enemy takes.- The fighting arenas are the same of old MK's.The Pit, The Forrest, The Goro's Lair and all others are present in this MK.Cons:-  Connection with internet is unstable compromising the online matches.- I really missed the choose of Towers based on difficult before begin the Ladder Mode. Now, is only one tower with 10 fights without the endurance mode before Goro's fight like happened at old MK's like MK 2. (endurance fights has been transferred to Challenge Tower Mode).In fact, this Mortal Kombat is a really good game, and I recommended it for all players."
76561198067496855,Recommended,237110,6495039,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,KuZzZmA,Я так рад))))))))))
,Recommended,237110,13313903,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Puckish,"great game, nobody plays it online anymore.."
,Recommended,237110,14187558,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Super Sexy Solaire,Love the classical 2D fighting style and the classical costumes. Cant wait for MKX
,Recommended,237110,14168176,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,*** Woo! ***,"I'm just going to list the pros and cons as this is a hard to recommend game, here's why:**PROS**- The art is amazing. The backgrounds are really well done, the character models are just wonderful, and the damage models are really cool. You feel like you're doing damage to the other guy.- The SFX are stellar.- You get the impression that the people who developed it ""loved"" it, as there are so many fine details, little nooks and crannies of fun things to do, and little details, that only developers who love a project bother with. That's really nice to see.- The gore is off the charts. Fatalities are just vomit inducing. Woohoo!**CONS**- The online multiplayer is unplayable, and due to this, no one is even on there to play.- The LARGEST concern is how slow the game is compared to something like Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3. Let's take a sweep move for example. We are pretty nerdy over here, and timed the sweep move in both games. This latest MK game was 200-300ms SLOWER in sweeping and almost all other moves, than the mk3 moves. This might seem silly, but it all adds up to what feels like a ""babied"" experience. It's also a bit frustrating as you WANT to go faster, but can't. :\- You can't, or it's very hard, to start a move while you are falling down, or are down. This is a major flaw as it slows down the fighting experience even more. Say you are Scorp, you've just been knocked down, so you should start that harpoon so that when you are up, you've pressed the last button to execute the move and... nothing. It doesn't count the buttons pressed while you are down, which they did in the old games, which adds a lot to the action. Lame.- They let you practice fatalities. That seems kind of lame. The thrill was learning them during the actual fights and see if you could pull them off in time.- The voice acting is simply terrible. Every time you start a new match, the characters say some cheesing, cringe-inducing line. Ugh. Additionally the ""FIGHT!"" voice sound weak... lame.---6/10Buy this if it's under $5 and if you want to goof around for an hour or two."
,Recommended,237110,14198591,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,✪ d3v1ce[R]',c00l ye
,Recommended,237110,14198627,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GiGeorge,Probably the best fighting game on PC for now.Good port with lot of options and smooth gameplay.It includes all character and skin DLC's.PC version is obviously better than consoles. For £14 its an awesome game!
,Recommended,237110,14219116,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,=DI= LoudTango,"The best mortal kombat of all series. My old man and i used to play MK 1 - ultimate MK 3 on Sega, in fact MK is the first fighting game for me, and this installment quite nostalgic game for me only with thousand times better graphic, story, animation, world and fighting mechanism! worth buy for me! 10/10"
,Recommended,237110,13539168,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arvenyte,"It is one of the best Mortal Kombat games ever, and definitely the best of the 3D ones. It finally decided to go back to the 2D gameplay that makes fighting games great, with the Gore and sillyness back like they were in the first MKs, this is truly a great game to play against friends or even solo, if you like fighting games, showing your victory on your friends' faces or you just want to play it for the gameplay and lore, this is the mortal kombat for you. Let's just hope MKX gets even better this one."
76561198109713593,Recommended,237110,14277035,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Haz Gaz,RAAAAAAAHHHH!!!! THIS GAME MAKES BLOOD SPATTER ALL OVER WALLS AND FINALLY TASTE MY REVENGE!!!  A GAME WORTH EVERY PENNY!!! RAAAAAAHHHH!!!!Scorpion!!!
,Recommended,237110,14329662,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,BlackRazorWolf,"Good game. Played this on the Xbox 360 and the PS3 before buying it on steam. It is a ""Decent port"" I like this game no matter tha platform and with that being said; my review will be unbiased.Pro: (1) Its Mortal Kombat(2)Graphics look amazing. Gameplay graphics are top notch (higher resolution and texture than console)(3) Gameplay is amazing with no type of input delay(4) Has a lot of replay value with a good story lineUnfourtnately this game did have its cons from what I have seen so far.Con: (1) Gameplay and cut scene graphic quality are quite different. Not sure why but they are. (Did not encounter this with the console versions)(2) Audio cut out a few times during cut scenes. Background music played, sound effects played but no voice audio. Not sure why but it did occur on more than one occasion.(3) There is a noticable difference between scenes and gameplay (gameplay looking to have a much higher quality). But for some reason, gameplay is smooth while the cut scenes appear to stutter or be dropping a couple frames.This game is really great and is a good port. It just has some bugs that need to be fixed. They don't really hinder gameplay but they are a slight nussiance. I do reccomend the game to anyone who enjoys fighting games and or is a Mortal Kombat fan such as myself."
76561198166099923,Recommended,237110,14330089,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,johnnyboomboots,brillianthowever some lags here and there
,Recommended,237110,14360984,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,KingStripes,It wont play for me. HElp????
,Recommended,237110,14361779,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,whentheMCsCame,Best. Game. Ever. Made.
76561198062412699,Recommended,237110,14160593,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Steepan,♥♥♥♥♥jogging
76561198006390796,Recommended,237110,14112788,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ElectricGileq,"After a long series of crappy Mortal Kombat Games, this one is excellent. Get a controller to play it with (why would you ever play a fighting game on a keyboard?) and you are set to go with hours of fun.Local competitions are classic one on one fun, or play tag-team.  Online matches run smoothly if that's your thing.Easy to pick up and learn, difficult to master.I am certainly anticipating Mortal Kombat X.  If it an flow as smoothly as this one does, then we're in for a real treat."
76561198034100918,Recommended,237110,14147336,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GODOFWAR,Great game brings back memories when the first and second iteration of the game. Pretty easy to pick up if you play fighting games a lot be can be really challenging (this depends on if you like being beaten) when you learn the advance mechanics of the game. With X coming out soon this is a great alternative to play as it looks amazing and runs really smooth on a decent PC.
76561198129352618,Recommended,237110,14379373,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ULTIMATEPACO,dis is da♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,237110,13752512,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,fidgetking,This game brought up memories of blood. Me and my friends used to stay up days at a time playin this game. We filled up buckets of blood throughout the years.
,Recommended,237110,13755539,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dovah Cool,"This game has achieved my thought of maximum perfection, it's difficult it has an old franchise than never changed huge story lines, they even added new storys that you can unlock by beating the ladder. Story mode is preety cool but it's online features aren't the best, no matchmaking so expect to fight somebody that has been playing since 2011 endlesly, it's also difficult withought a controller even as a pc enthusiast. I'm really satisfied from every aspect except for Shao Kahn seriusly he isn't fair, you can either beat him by throwing what you have (flames knives hats chains spit water) or if you are a pro Scorpion than you can go face to face with him. This game is difficult but it's worthit try playing with a controller to make it easier"
76561197965119950,Not Recommended,237110,13790148,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,drizzt_icewind,"I don't usually review anything but this is a general warning to all about this game until it gets patched.I went into the game played for about 4hrs, after I closed it that was it. It has never run again since, the logo comes up and then it vanishes and the game removes itself from task manager.Until this is patched do you not waste your money on a game you can't play.Here's hoping someone will patch this, as I did have a lot of fun with it in the few hours it let me play. Nothing changed on my computer no driver changes, no updates it just simply stopped working..."
76561198122005434,Not Recommended,237110,13772546,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,alexabboud2,never even worked couldnt play it
,Recommended,237110,13870475,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Despite the fact that the online is completely trash, I would still recommend picking it up.The singleplayer is fantastic, with a great story. The only downside is the balance issues."
,Recommended,237110,13816992,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CRAZY AZAZEL,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AWESOME!
76561198062611546,Recommended,237110,13821223,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,j1mbo15,Love that this series got a Reboot.  I can't get enough!  Really takes me back!
,Recommended,237110,13863241,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"Actually quite fun, anyways more fun than I was expecting to have with this game. If you are playing on PC, get yourself a controller though, as this game is nearly impossible with keyboard/mouse.The story, however, is tedious and almost embarassingly bad. Not only is the plot weird and laughable, but the graphics during the story scenes are downright horrible. Thankfully, during actual gameplay, the graphics there are quite slick and nice looking, so at least this game has it where it counts."
76561197971972173,Recommended,237110,13873707,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Xeno,This is better than any fighting game on my Xbox 360 (and the only reason I bought the Xbox was because the pc had no decent fighting games). This is the best kung-fu style game on any platform. Absolutely brilliant. Now all I want is a decent boxing game title on the PC - at least of the equivalent to Fight Night Champions. This game shows those horrible consoles what a good pc is capable of.
,Recommended,237110,13880166,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,KnightDmG,"Fun game, yet you might want a decent computer to play it. It was some trouble starting to play it, but a bit of googling helped with that (Some issue with graphics). Kick♥♥♥♥♥ get yours kicked, it's all in good fun."
76561198030718797,Not Recommended,237110,13903756,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,bah,"If you want this game mostly for online multiplayer, don't bother getting it.  Constant disconnects, lag, etc.  This does not happen for me with any other game."
,Not Recommended,237110,13919045,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ace42,"Buggy, slow, unpolished.  A prettier alternative to loading up an emulator and playing a ROM of the original Mortal Kombat - but a generally poor game.  Inferior to Mortal Kombat: Deception - so a big step backwards.  Not worth buying."
76561198120719066,Recommended,237110,11423474,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Shayleemarchant,"Well let's see, I just barely bought this god damn game and can't play it. Because it wont ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCH. WTF!"
76561198087165179,Recommended,237110,11418401,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lordy,Great game
,Recommended,237110,10604197,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,big dik red ranger,good single player game
76561198012512028,Recommended,237110,12507504,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CrazyF1r3f0x,Good spinal surgeon simulator
76561197970621154,Recommended,237110,11423487,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,SCUD,bone crunching goodness...Only wish there were more online players w/ decent connections.
76561198067409602,Recommended,237110,12494118,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,kyron_9,great edition of this mythic game
76561197987859797,Recommended,237110,12497295,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TERORIK <3 Yoruichi,"Best Fight game, greate story and NO LAST CHILDHOOD MEMORY of MK to MK4 and so and so. This MK brings all that was best of all MK 2gether in one Game . MK KOMPLETE , tho i didn't opened all of KRYPTS tresures (only 60% off all 3 lands) , the story of the game and the naration was OUTSTANDING. Recommended"
,Recommended,237110,12540981,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,A t l a n t i Z. ™,Good game +- gfx
76561198106667829,Recommended,237110,12542772,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MP_412,Klassic MK. Really good graphics and new x-ray moves and fatalities. Get it
76561198073052774,Recommended,237110,17193959,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TwoFish,10/10 get over here simulator
,Not Recommended,237110,8736762,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Set,.
76561198092583697,Recommended,237110,16870201,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kazo,Best game to play with family or Girlfriend 10/10 they will love it
76561198109900165,Recommended,237110,16443875,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Salmon,"An awesome fighter, and a must have for any fans of the genre.The story mode is fun and forces you to learn new fighters and get better with ones you are weak on.  Then there is the standard arcade mode which is also fun and good for a quick mini stroyline.  One of my favourites about the game is the challenge tower which is a bunch of mini games some your regular fights with weird conditions to make it interesting and others of a completely different format.It's great fun and has some of the best mechanics in the fighting genre"
,Recommended,237110,8775334,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,B0T [Diyvinity],boss just komplete boss :3
,Recommended,237110,6561584,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,J.Bruno 182,Recomendo! Melhor game de luta pra PC!!
,Recommended,237110,11746567,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ItsXCameron,Hours of non-stop♥♥♥♥♥kicking fun !
76561198090624998,Recommended,237110,11921734,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,felaxgames,Game was great playe it for 8 hours and now it wont start again. I still recommend this game because it was fun just don't shu it off.
,Recommended,237110,11910927,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sam Hyde,"Mortal Kombat is a good game, but be sure to pick up a Logitec controller for this game. The keyboard is a bad choice for this game, and it is really hard to get used to. I'm not saying keyboard is hard to get used to in general, because I recommend it more than anything, but for this game, it's better with a controller. It's a good thing they have controller support for this, though."
76561198107360865,Recommended,237110,11579923,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,✪Stormz-hoe magnet✪,i go on it and off it its broke
76561198059673721,Recommended,237110,11087544,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Roldert,great fighting game if you have played previous versions of the game you will love this one just as much
76561198079096053,Recommended,237110,6907126,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,TaHa,Это просто отпад!)
76561198054266946,Recommended,237110,12605244,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Chardee McDennis,Fantastic game. The controls and moves feel just like they did when I used to play Mortal Kombat 2 on Gameboy.
,Recommended,237110,9015208,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,fiZZu,"Finish Him [4/5]Having played the original Mortal Kombat series on a Sega Megadrive back in the day (err... yes, seriously) I was apprehensive whether the latest offering from the franchise would live up to my recollections. In short? I was suitably impressed.The Komplete Edition is not only reasonably priced, smoothly executed and packed full of everything you could hope for from one of the original titles; but also boasts a number of features that - on reflection - should probably have been included from the start.The campaign is comparatively short, but certainly rewarding, and provides a great introduction to what's in store for single player action. A practice option allows you to perfect those finishing moves before taking them into the arena for real, and there is even some semi-decent tutorials to play along with if you're new top the franchise.Although I haven't tried any online gameplay as yet, if fighting games are your thing I'd be surprised if you could find a better value for money option on steam right now."
,Recommended,237110,12589387,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,metal1kmonk3y,liked it better than street fighter
,Recommended,237110,12590141,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ketru,"The best MK , evolution is the real master , Shao kahn is a weak SiSi ^^ but his hammer hurts , teleports or jump had never been so great , gore is clean , respected , and multi player is still alive , one the best fight game i ever faced ;)"
,Recommended,237110,12384943,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Brosse à dents,Great game. Shao Kahn is a cheap boss.
76561198157065454,Recommended,237110,12397222,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rockdrigo,Awesome!
,Recommended,237110,12395835,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,LooseLips,"cant really go wrong, was on sale and its mortal kombat."
76561198085409226,Recommended,237110,12449528,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ShadowSpider,AWESOME
,Recommended,237110,5116579,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,GB,Круть!)
,Recommended,237110,11077855,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,REASON,"All though this game is fun, it's really hard and angering at times. This game has a lot of replayability, and has many different characters to choose from, it has the feel of a classic arcade game. So if you're up for a challenge, and ready to have some fun doing that, I'd have a look at this game."
76561198051639611,Recommended,237110,11082197,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dragon187,"At first it seemed like THE BOMB.  But after a while I realised that it wasn't so great after all.  For starters the online modes didn't seem to be able to accomodate me (maybe because I have a wireless connection).  And as for the single player component it wore thin fairly quickly.Basically after a while you realise that using the special moves against a.i. opponents isn't necessary - as you can win matches simply by spamming simple moves.  So that was a bit disappointing.  Also the challenge stuff just seemed never ending and got boring pretty quickly too.  Furthermore, if you're interested in chaining together long combos - they're often easier said than done - on a keyboard at least.  Also, (for some reason) there is often little incentive to do the combo moves as the damage output is often quite small."
76561198061465429,Recommended,237110,11209483,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Eidihn,"MORTAL KOMBAT! Is a really, really, really, REALLY GOOD GAME! Liked Mk1-3? Well then prepare you're self for a full on reboot full of nostalgia! Man do I love this game. Ladder mode, Test your (whatever modes they are), Challenge tower, A story that isn't a bunch of text boxes and REAL CG FREAKING CUTSCENES! Tons of stuff to collect (though everything worth collecting is already unlocked :h), and a really good looking game even if the graphics are at their lowest. The online multiplayer is not bad, but definitly not good. It's just kinda annoying really. Input delays, random disconnects, failing to establish connection to game etc. Random disconnects don't happen often unless you have bad internet. The worst you'll get is Input delay and the game session being unavailable. But other than that Mortal Kombat is hella fun! Just one recemendation...Don't pull fatalities on people online in the very first match. It's kinda disrespectful. Also, don't fatatlity people if you get both rounds. Just don't. Fatalities are appropiate with come backs and stuff cause it makes things ""Hype!""9/10 Man I love this game!"
76561198097572841,Recommended,237110,11067925,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,lunabuddha,Would play again and again.
,Recommended,237110,11071426,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Psiros,Not much to say but that it's a satisfying fighting game. Pays homage to the old and keeps it fresh. I like it a lot. One bad thing is when using the controller; I haven't found a button that escapes back to the main menu when you're in training mode. It seems pretty dumb to have to close to game to go back. That's my only gripe.
,Recommended,237110,10796631,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,myxamed96,GET OVER HERE!
76561198003140820,Not Recommended,237110,10411971,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tschon,"Where do I begin? The fighting is fun. The story is good. That's about it...(Edited - I don't know if it just my controller. It's fine with other games, but this game is extremely unresponsive with it.Edited 2 - Come to find out, you have to download a third party program to fix the issue. I'll stick to the keyboard)EVERYTHING from the start of the game is unlocked. Mileena's Flesh Pit Costume, Cyber Sub-Zero, everyone's alt costumes. So, outside of going for steam achievements - no reason to play anything but online mode.Online... I had major connection issues.Thing is though. This game is good. It's really fun.Online isn't the best, and major control issues.NetherRealm did a great job with this game. The port... High Voltage Software didn't.Can I recommend this game? No, only the console version can I recommend. This port isn't that great, but it's still a hell of a game."
76561198047287401,Not Recommended,237110,10375151,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Enter The Dragon,"http://steamcommunity.com/app/237110/discussions/0/540743757137797098/Bought this game during the midweek madness on 5th May 2014 and was able to run the game. The next time I tried to play it, the game wont load. My computer is new and it is definitely not a hardware problem. Refer to the link above, the problem is faced by many other users."
76561198102862545,Recommended,237110,10890221,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,trolldarklord,"Great fighting game but its not so good ported game.But not to worry,there is a patch to fix slow motion in this game"
76561198041518708,Not Recommended,237110,10891076,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,theneopunisher,game crash im am not the only one all my friends have the same problem
76561198052601012,Recommended,237110,10891536,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RapturesDenial,"I was plesantly surprised by this, back to being 2D was a good choice for MK, it is really crisp looking and the action is fluid....Its worth buying if you were a fan of the MK series, also if you like fighting games. I enjoy it"
,Not Recommended,237110,11025287,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DeepFriedwater,Poor Port. doesn't even work.
,Recommended,237110,10963564,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[RDTS]styroteqe,AHH MOLTAR KOMABATARU!
,Not Recommended,237110,10964127,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Maxim-Xeno,"Im sorry,i really want to like this game,i genuinely do,but for PC this game is a bit........under my expectations.The combos and special moves and such(for me) are INCREDIBLY difficult to use conveniently without standing still for half a minute while being wrecked by the AI/other player.Game also expects you to memorize most of the combos,which i cant do bc i have a horrible memory ;P.For a controller,this game would be fine,but not much point (again,IMO) in getting a controller to play the game when you could just play it on Xbox(Dont do that.Unless you're convinced this game on PC sucks.Only in emergencies) this game was a huge waste of money for me,since i cant at all operate and remember the combos,specials,etc.etc.Also,you have to press the buttons with EXTREME PRECISION TIMING and at high speed(most of which,if you're me,makes you stand still while you fail to do a combo bc of timing and the fact this game(again,IMO) has the worst combo-detection in pc gaming history.The gameplay itself,if you master it,is incredibly fun,but notice the IF."
76561198051344771,Recommended,237110,10967698,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,3CH0,flawless fatality
,Recommended,237110,4235656,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,vibe,"Highly recommended. The game is done nicely with lots of blood, gore and old MK games/movie quotes. Feels like you 15-years old again."
,Recommended,237110,10972046,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DKSilver,"Wow! One bloody awesome fighting game!Its been over a decade since I played MK. Last time I still recall, I cost me $1 per game in the arcade to play MK1. This edition is simply amazing one of the few fighting games that actually has a great storyline. Well worth it and highly recommended. I cannot wait what MKX will bring."
76561198033829916,Recommended,237110,4205285,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,+♦y5,"Игра вообще классная, я не нашел ни одного ляпа в игре, но еще не вечер я прошел её не полностью, может и найду.Если у вас нету джостика, то купите и по быстрее, игра того стоит, что еще сказать, очень жалко что нет озвучки на русском было бы прикольно, и на последок подскажу как эффеткивно бить боссов, не надо делать всякие комбо и тд. хороший урон им наносят апперткоты!!! удачи!"
,Recommended,237110,11153413,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Callan,Fun violent and gruesomeMortal Kombat as it should be but I wish it ran a bit more reliably
76561198048086872,Recommended,237110,11157822,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,terrox🐯,"God the moves lists are massive, how in the crap is someone meant to memorise all that stuff. Cutscenes are awesome, so much gore and smash. Pretty impressive game."
,Recommended,237110,12166640,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,new voicemail,Get over here
,Recommended,237110,12168556,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lo0py,Yes.
,Recommended,237110,12207181,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ertai,Classic MK! It brings back memories of old Mortal Kombat games with friends.
76561198069852476,Recommended,237110,12209301,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Donkey From The Hood,"Good, old school game"
76561198079353008,Not Recommended,237110,12211090,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,onetime,good game but it does not always load witch is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it would be better if it would open
,Recommended,237110,12211114,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Tanto,Mortaaaal Kombaaaaaaaaaat!
76561198115792807,Recommended,237110,12211501,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ElementalAaron,I cannot truly rate due to the game not even starting up on my computer -_-
76561198127890006,Recommended,237110,12333240,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Fin0771,awesome game butplayed it once and now cant play the game
76561197970982277,Recommended,237110,12340957,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,-Sticky-,It's a pretty fun game..... graphics are okFun to play online when u can find a player who is not already in a match >_<if you like these type of games you will prolly like this one..good ol brutal fun :)
,Recommended,237110,12783498,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,_j0w_,"picked this game up for $5 in the halloween sale. very playable, takes me back to when i was a kid playing the orignal in the old coin-op arcades."
,Not Recommended,237110,10372985,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,jester,"Worst game ever, needs you to have the perfect screen and the perfect PC, waste if money"
76561198026044421,Recommended,237110,12617468,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ECHO,"Its too cool, love the game. Cant wait for Mortal Kombat X."
76561197989779237,Recommended,237110,12620730,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sato,"Great port, great game"
,Recommended,237110,12680281,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,dreamer :-],Pretty fun game . Perfect for playing 1vs1 with your friends and yell them ! MOORTALLL KOOOMBAT !!! FIGHT
,Recommended,237110,12675347,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Piglet,"Horrible Port, do not get this without a controller, With that said this is A great fighting, it one of those games that makes you feel good ribbing off somthing from someone when you play"
76561198164634587,Recommended,237110,14753581,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,pineappplejack,The best Mortal Kombat i've ever played besides Deadly Alliance IMO.
,Recommended,237110,14758827,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bjorn_hunt,This Version Of Mortal Kombat Is Great And The Graphics Are Quite Good Too! I Highly Recommend This Game To All The Mortal Kombat Fans Out There Like Myself
76561198118118818,Recommended,237110,14761706,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,dubstepexplosion72,Gameplay is smooth and everything but i regret buying it because the online mode sucks. Please improve!! I wasted 5 USD on this game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,14061624,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,OFWGKTA,This game is fun... it didn't run when I first bought it but I changed some stuff and now it does... fun to play with friends!
76561198079265130,Recommended,237110,6912607,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Дембель,power!
,Recommended,237110,8488491,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZOLI @GamageR.com,Cool game!! :)
,Recommended,237110,14782836,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dad society.gg,"Awesome fighting game, Great combat. longlasting story, good challenge, but has a little cheap difficulty and spamming in the cast a little. But its a great game. But if played on a keyboard don't expect to play the best. Start on very easy on ladder xD"
,Not Recommended,237110,14783076,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,lithious90,game never wants to work.. all my other games work fine but whenever i click on this one it just pops up and then cloeses..waste of money!!!!!!
,Recommended,237110,14799209,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ubermesht,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ат парень.
76561197963473424,Recommended,237110,14604004,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Big Daddy Dwayne,best mortal kombat title to date
76561198044645238,Recommended,237110,14604669,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,RandolTheFox,"Okay, who thogth shao khan was ballanced is beyond me. I cant even defeat him, so I can't get the story -.- jess. just get nuked with throwing hammers and spears, not fun."
,Recommended,237110,14765906,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,VEX,Awesome!
76561198027208930,Recommended,237110,14768036,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dr.Satan,I love this game !
76561198065183894,Recommended,237110,13985040,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ionel,FINISH HIM!!!! BABALITY
,Recommended,237110,13988501,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,J.N.Juice,"+Good Gameplay+Great Story-Bad Port-some Online troublesRecommend?Yes, if you're unfazed with the port issues. (Info about it is everywhere online)Yes, if you're not looking to play online.Overall feelings about the game: Wonderfull"
76561198098817491,Recommended,237110,10748516,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grimlord XVII,Lot's of females with 4% of their body covered in clothes.10/10.
76561198027233486,Recommended,237110,10751344,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Morinehtar,"Are you having a short brake? In search for a quick game?The this is your game!Fight fast batlles, button mash your way to the top!The Mortal Kombat series is part of my childhood. I played the older versions in the good old arcadecenter downtown. It goes without saying i loved steam bringing these series back to live.Don't play this if you're in search of a quality story. Play this if you search for a quick and fast battle with a constant switch between joy, utter astonishment (because of the nice moves) and frustration."
76561198136315154,Recommended,237110,10578756,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dirty Mike,"Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition is a very good game, taking the gameplay back to the golden age of fighters, while still having nice, modern graphics. The online can get pretty laggy at times, though. There have even been times where I was disconnected from matches. And for some reason, the cutscenes in the single player mode are really low quality. Also, if you don't have a gamepad or arcade controller, then don't get this game."
76561198039655526,Recommended,237110,10859057,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DOGE THE GREATE WOOF,"Genial juegode combate que hace recorda a los viejos juegos de la saga de mortal kombat, tiene todo los elementos correspondientes a la saga, muy recomedable!"
,Recommended,237110,10868643,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sucklepops,GG game bots op tho. 1v1 me barnyard?
76561198043007875,Recommended,237110,4897082,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,DUDMASTER,XAXBCZCZAAX...
76561198126315050,Recommended,237110,10874784,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheKingApple,I like
,Recommended,237110,10875528,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Benefit <내 스웩을 따라 올 자는 없어>,"The best fighting game you can buy in Steam!All the classic characters and everything are in this awesome game of Mortal Kombat!Buy it, you won't regret the decision.5/5"
76561198130376183,Recommended,237110,10883798,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trust,"One of my favorite games as a kid, and hitting to the consoles to pc was amazing!  ""shut and take my money"" <3"
,Recommended,237110,10886879,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fury_FX,one of the best fighting games out there!
,Recommended,237110,10780819,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,itsmat124,"If you already like Mortal Kombat, the controls are strictly more responsive on PC compared to console and still support up to 4 controllers."
76561198027862902,Recommended,237110,10669967,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LKG,classic
76561198111986797,Recommended,237110,10671695,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pie D Jon,"9th in a soon to be 10 game series, its a game fun for all ages and has a good story line"
76561198043609330,Recommended,237110,10665265,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mesaj2000,"Pretty good game. It covers all the lore so it's good even if you haven't played any of the previous installations. The moves and skill curves feel challenging but not too impossible. The computer difficulty through the story mode scales pretty well as the story progresses. The game speed is bound to the frame rate though, which is pretty annoying especially if you don't have a super great computer. All in all, pretty solid title."
76561198087198379,Recommended,237110,10688273,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xiuhtecuhtli,"Really fun game but it has lots of problems, crashes a lot and online doesn't work so don't look forward to playing online with your friends"
76561198107678440,Recommended,237110,10690645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,johnny hotsauce,i never got really into mk... maybe dealy alliance for awhile.  but this game is gonna be like my whole summer.  only buy if you wanna get sucked in for hours of entertainment.
76561198134840209,Recommended,237110,22233152,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,bowlofchickennoodle,Fun game!
,Recommended,237110,14911726,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Real Jack The Ripper,"It's a really fun game, but in the campaign i foud it really annoying at the end.you have to verse the most OP guy in the game with one of the weakest it gets real tiring of Shao Khan wins repeatedly."
76561198032248781,Recommended,237110,14912324,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jaryd,10/10 would recommend.
76561198116592960,Recommended,237110,14884034,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,handsomehahvon,"Really good game, especially when you got a controller"
76561198040787040,Recommended,237110,14973918,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,league of legends,Lovely game although the multiplayer experience is quite bad.
,Not Recommended,237110,14978851,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mugombie,Frame rate is bad although that could be my computer. Although I more than meet the recomended settings.  Use a controller not keyboard
76561198124867303,Recommended,237110,14978957,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Chuckle Nuts,"yes i really like this ame. the thing is, whenever i go to play it, it crashes. upsetting ☻"
,Recommended,237110,6838607,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,emimele,Freddy Krueger FTW
,Recommended,237110,15162843,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,foxyninja12,this game dose not work i can not play it at all.
,Recommended,237110,6271515,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Xu,Fatality
,Recommended,237110,10496071,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Caliggy Jack,"I'll be perfectly honest; MK: Deadly Alliance was the last Mortal Kombat I ever enjoyed. Needless to say, MK9 brought sexy back. As one of the leaders (and founders) of the modern Video Game Avant-garde movement, MK9 reminds us of why it was a force to be reckoned with back in the 90's with regards to fighting games. A brilliant story taken straight from the J.J. Abrams playbook, combining Sequel, Prequel, and Reboot, to create a paradoxical plot that weaves itself as its own. The fighting has become more bloody than ever, as its almost hilariously overdone gore allows for great self-deprecation with regards to its long storied history. I love the MK series and I am so happy to be back in the saddle again."
,Recommended,237110,13712672,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SMOKE GORDON pornhub.com,"Recommended: Controller.Keyboard controlls: Meh, not the best. But you'll get used to it.Overall, 9/10 best fighting game of the century."
,Recommended,237110,1998013,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,[GZ] Neomatt,"Le mode Story est extrêmement complet, le portage est très réussi... c'est con, c'est gore, c'est fun, c'est Mortal Kombat. :D"
,Recommended,237110,15282948,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Supernintendoh,Mortal Kombat is a great Edition to the PC library.Sadly the game suffer's from Low Resolution Cinematic Movie's PS2 Era or worse. Sound Also very low quality.Only Cinematic's within story line. I have on XBOX 360 and was expecting a amazing port or like wise.Over all the game Runs great and the Single player Non story mode is amazing.That is my only gripe is the Story mode Cinematics are trash.I give it a 8/10 only cause of the story cinematic trash.
76561198163038070,Recommended,237110,15319776,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Papa Johns,gguys help i could open the game the first time but after that i couldnt open it anymore what is wrong?
76561198168933011,Recommended,237110,15321450,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Brianisboss14,someone help i played the game once great and then the next day i tried to play it and it loaded the mortal kombat dragon startup and then didnt load the game can someone tell me how to fix that
,Recommended,237110,10696743,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Intelecto Nível 12,+
76561198093726907,Recommended,237110,14982434,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Agent Knight,Best Mortal Kombat to date. Reptile wins. Fatality!
,Recommended,237110,16582254,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SK |  Noob Bitch,good!!10/10T-T
,Recommended,237110,13913927,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Elo Rosco,Best game of the most iconic fighting franchise ever.Story mode is just awesome.
,Recommended,237110,5203184,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,NoD,prepare your♥♥♥♥♥
76561198055776187,Recommended,237110,25990564,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Suicide_King12,So AWSOME!!!!!
76561198118459607,Recommended,237110,28312576,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,digitaldiogenes,"Even at what, 5 years old, this is still a pretty solid 3-D, sidescroll fighter.  And while we have all played  (tried to play, sometimes)  horrible console ports,  this is not one of them.  The game itself runs without any bugs or hiccups that I can see.  The cut scenes in story mode seem really pixellated and grainy.  But that's not an issue for me. Other than that,  don't be the kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that thinks they can play a button mashing,  arcade fighter with a mouse and keyboard.  You can't.  Nobody can.  So why do the same people write negative reviews?  ""I don't like this game because all the same laws of gaming and physics apply to it, and all other games""  You need more help than the devs can give you.And for what it's worth, I can play most controller compatible games better with a controller.  I will never understand the hardcore M+KB boys.  The only real exception is for sniping.  You need the increased control for that.  The zoom button on a mouse is nice too. What I hate is wearing out the 'WASD' keys, and getting carpal tunnel in my left hand.  Controllers actually work well in tandem with a keyboard & mouse!  Who'd have thunk it?And apparently online mode is broken.  But if you just want something to play with your buddies,  this works.Unfortunately,  fighting games is one genre that is still dominated by consoles."
,Recommended,237110,15434065,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,CodeineCoyote,"goodHowever, my favorite game remains MK3:Ultimate on Sega mega drive <3"
76561197978636729,Recommended,237110,26932784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SkyRunner33,"I like this game, 2D game style like old games with 3D models. The story mode isn't bad and there are many things to do like the chalange tower. If you can play with a friend perhaps you will be happy about 2vs2 mode against the CPU. This game remembers me when many years ago I plated MK3 on my Amiga 600 (three floppy disks). FIGHT!"
76561198084819662,Recommended,237110,28262095,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,pauldiazberrio,"A very well-rounded set of fighters and a painstakingly choreographed set of moves for each and every one of the characters made this remake well worth the time and the money. The story is expertly written and the decor is both believeable and enviable for its complete absence of technology. Mortal Kombat 1, 2 and 3 as we knew them returns with all their characters and settings. To fully review this game, I must break it down into different categories, as nothing less will properly define what it's made of.Graphics: On high end PC's, the ancient world lighting, interior design and abundance of lighting put modern technology to shame. The daylight and the moonlight both cast all the environments in superb light. The architects of outworld, even Shang Tsung's island and its locales, recreate the original battlegrounds with endearing dark splendour and realism.Sound: The voice acting is superb and has an incredible flare for the dramatic. In Spanish, the dubbing is impressive and very impressionable. In English, I do not yet know, but the rest of the audio faithfully reproduces what hitting flesh and bone would sound like in real life.Story: There is flare for the dramatic in almost every chapter of the game and the characters all play very important parts in the narrative. All of them have their role to play and are the sole focus of each of the 16 chapters of the game. Not one of them is underused and there are some neat innovations such as Cyber-Subzero, whose rebirth offers a nice best of both worlds feeling for the Lin Kuei warrior.Replay value: Challenge tower and Arcade mode offer new reasons to come back and play. The thrill of fighting is incentive enough, given enough time to rest from the story mode. Team play offers extra online and offline fun for fans and martial arts enthusiasts."
,Recommended,237110,28188037,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BOIPUSSY,is good i enjoy i recommend
,Recommended,237110,28228007,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Supertorresmo,"The game is basically a revamp of the originals Mortal Kombat I, II and III."
,Recommended,237110,7343265,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Chenboy,It is a great fighter games. Come on fight with me!
76561198200833901,Recommended,237110,27928271,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,В СОЛО,эта игра очень хорошая я ее полюбил до того кае она стала популярной именно она должна выйграть
76561198072708645,Recommended,237110,19519121,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vasyl 'Hi-Tech' Lomachenko,"Bloody, Brutal, Gore, FATALITY!!!  ... If you like fighting games, don´t miss Mortal Kombat."
76561198142160588,Recommended,237110,19890170,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CDshadow120,"I really want to play Mortal Kombat so badly, I also put the advanced settings that I needed to put, but in the game once I start it, it just shows that it's searching for optimal settings and the screen will flash for a bit until it's ready. But then, after a minute, it just exits out and says something about an error. Is it possible to do something about it because I don't know what to do if that happens."
,Not Recommended,237110,19890230,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"could not get it to work with my invidia, did try to set it in nvidia panel 3d settings, nothing worked so i did not even had a chance to play it, trying to get refund"
,Recommended,237110,19888226,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Americelt,It's a good Mortal Kombat game.
76561198269130446,Not Recommended,237110,19898484,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cyberpunk2099,"This game is so unplayable on a keyboard, definitely not a fun experience for me so I recommend that if you buy this game use a game-pad. Overall, this game was cool but its not for everyone. The story mode is interesting and can keep you busy for some time and the fighting mechanics are really fun. The online part is complete trash though....so yeah don't buy it for online. I am getting a refund for this game since the fps drops into the 30's at times and starts stuttering."
76561198029381883,Recommended,237110,30018164,Posted: 18 February,all,C.G.V,"""d3d error 0x88760874"" all time with Geforce GTX 660 and latest nvidia drivers.Update - I changed Win 7 to Win 10 and the videocard to GTX670.Work fine"
,Recommended,237110,19821591,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,GreenDemon,"Great fun, great graphics, superb with friends. Everything you'd expect :-)"
76561198125180961,Not Recommended,237110,19838000,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jamershun,"I was able to play the game for two hours once. After that, the game broke and now I can't start it."
76561198109067924,Recommended,237110,19941584,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Barnyard,13/10 would feed a tree a human body again.
,Recommended,237110,13671921,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aero,where is kratos ?????
,Recommended,237110,19949169,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Майкл,"Very fun to play with my friends.  My connection seems to cut out sometimes, but it's okay.  Story mode is extremely easy with the exception of a few battles.  I'd give it a rating of 8.5/10"
,Recommended,237110,20255088,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"Fun if you have a controler that works, I do not, but still a cool fighing game"
,Recommended,237110,20281777,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rei Ryghts,"$5 for this game is a steal, go get it if you enjoy MK or fighting games.Online looks kinda dead though :("
76561197982610207,Not Recommended,237110,20275069,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,anthelone,"I've tried on and off to get the game to run, bought it a couple months ago. I have never been able to get this game to run, it always crashes with a memory error. Done trying to get it running/delete local content."
,Recommended,237110,20269933,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ry6uy2025,gr8 game
76561198161362056,Not Recommended,237110,20264986,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,FearTheSfeir,Long story short I bought this game before it worked fine but since my job took me overseas for a year and I am living in another country I dont have my orginal CD for the game. I found it on steam for 4.99 during this winter sale and got excited about online play. It runs bad. It is jettery and runs way to fast! Ran fine few months back but this steam verson doesnt seem to work well.
76561198118940869,Recommended,237110,20253778,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Niko Bellic,Very good game ;)
,Recommended,237110,20255191,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mithin,"Basically Best 3D Mortal Kombat GameI can't describe how many hours I have play this game and still not getting boredIt's basically like old school, Feeling those days at the arcades, It you have lose faith with the seriesafter MK4, I recommend to take a look a this game, It's funny, It's gore, It's classic, It's simply Mortal KombatEven this port is respectable, not excelent but It still make a good job as a Playable gamea Shame the online is almost dead, but yeah this still being a nice buy for your steam library"
76561198214114163,Not Recommended,237110,20011043,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ultimate gamer,this game does not work at all it worked the first time but then it stopped if it could be fixed then i will post another with a like but for now dislike the game
,Recommended,237110,5571556,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Sulaco,Very well ^_^
76561198025405331,Recommended,237110,22104531,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,sidewinder_G,"There once was a little console called PS. It lived on a shelf in my room. A disc called MK 4 was paying rent to stay inside. When I was 9, I pressed a button and lights went on in the little gray thing. My screen assaulted my eyes with funny sound effects and gory animations of grapples consisting of breaking backs, legs, necks, bites etc. It was all fine and well until I bumped into an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Jarek who proceeded to beat me dead and then, to make sure I really♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks, plunged his hand in my chest and pulled my heart out. And THEN then, because the game wanted to make sure I understood that I screwed up, it plunged me into a pit where I got kebabed by the spikes at the bottom. I didn't touch the game for 4 years after that.Here's the thing, though. I wanted revenge on that prick. It gestated in me like the egg under a hen's warm embrace. So when the PS2 came along and I tried Deadly Alliance, I was sort of ready for whatever may come along. The trilogy was a refreshing ride, with twists when it came to gameplay, content and ffs, story ! Can you believe it ? A fighting game that has story as a selling point. And quite a tragic one, in fact. After all its' lore, MK ended with the bad guy winning and the good guy being forced to pull a Marty McFly outta his 1.21 jigawatt spammy♥♥♥♥♥to try and save to universe.This retcon affected every aspect of the game, from the appearance of the characters to their styles to the content and the story. Fighters find themselves in different sides this time, Cyrax is evil, Smoke never gets turned into a robot, etc. The story by itself is around 10 to 12 hours, like a normal single player game. It's well written although it does have some incredibly dumb moments. That notwithstanding, there is an almost overwhelming amount of stuff to do here. Arcade, 2 player coop, 2 vs 2 coop, 2 player coop arcade, a final boss that will really test your might (look at me playing with the fighting game lingo), a ridiculously big crypt to find stuff in and 300 challenges to complete ! 300 !!!My final pro goes to this being as much a game as much as it is a tournament fighter. MKX made a decision to ditch the former in favor of the former.Cons ?  1 - The reward for completing the challenge tower is dumb, especially after that last challenge. Not worth it in the slightest.2 - The decision of The Elder Gods to grant infinite power to whoever wins the Armageddon Tournament is, while the setup for this great game, moronic through and through. Say a bad guy wins, even if it wasn't Shao Kahn. With MK's history of characters, who thought this would be a good idea ???3 - No Jarek. Why ? Hmmmm ?"
76561198295233884,Not Recommended,237110,22170593,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,christopherhigham12,I have a msi apachi pro and it wont even start?
,Recommended,237110,20125260,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inDe_eD,"Port for PC was well made, unlike MKX. Only thing is, default controls on keyboard and mouse is quite possibly the stupidest setup I have ever seen in my entire life, and trust me, I've played ""Zombie Zoeds"" (check that game out on steam, it may be the worst game ever!)."
,Recommended,237110,20156767,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,davidspackage,"If you ever liked a Mortal Kombat game, definitely get this one.Mortal Kombat 9 has been a long-awaited and extremely welcome shot in the arm for the Mortal Kombat series. After a series of increasingly disappointing 3D sequels, we return to gameplay on the 2D plane (just with 3D graphics), with fairly unique fighting styles, distinct designs, a great variety of special moves, and – let's not ignore their significance – some pretty friggin crazy new Fatalities.While the gameplay has been uplifted to make MK a much more 'legit' competitor with other fighting games, story and atmosphere has always been its main selling point. The introduction of a Story Mode where you fight your way through MK history as just about all of the characters, is one great idea. It reminds me very strongly of the first Mortal Kombat movie, and since that's probably one of the only good videogame movies ever made, that's really awesome. Another great idea is introducting a sort-of-time-travel plot where continuity gets rewritten from the first tournament on, so the wishy-washy “did that character's story really happen or not” fighting game plot finally gets told in full. Plus, the opportunity finally gets seized to actually kill off some of the series' characters, though Mortal Kombat X has shown that nobody necessarily stays dead. Little voiced introductions for characters at the start of a fight further help bring them alive, though the fact that they're always the same will make you tap past them pretty soon.The game feels dynamic, fast-paced, kinetic and raw. The introduction of X-Rays, basically an insane bone-shattering version of other fighting games' super moves that temporarily freeze the gameplay to dish out a huge amount of damage, along with the ability to 'enhance' special moves by draining your super meter, contribute to making fights more fun.Any complaints? A few. One, there's basically no new characters. This Komplete Edition of MK9 comes frontloaded with the added characters Kenshi, Rain, Cyber Sub-Zero, Skarlet (basically a red-clad Mileena/Kitana/Jade), and guest character Freddie Krueger, added to the entire roster of the first 3 MK games. I can't focus on this one too much because the rebooting of the MK plot means we get to see these characters exhibit more -character-  than ever before, plus there's lots of great redesigns – even Stryker, one of the lamest looking MK characters in the past, is cool now. That said, not all characters come out looking great. The art direction seems to favor tiny faces and eyes, Johnny Cage's hair looks abysmal, Shang Tsung sounds like a racist stereotype (it's known the MK team loved the MK movie – couldn't they have modeled him after Cary Hiroyuki-Tagawa​, and maybe hired him to voice Tsung while they're at it? Make a note for when you inevitably bring the character back for Mortal Kombat X II, Ed Boon), and... the women. Yikes.Since about Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance, the MK team has been dialing up the female sex appeal as if to compete with the Dead or Alive series, and here it's cranked up to 11. Sonya Blade, a US Special Forces officer, fights with her undulating J-cup baps bouncing around an open jacket with no bra. I'm not implying sexiness is a negative trait for a female character, but it's not needed to make a character cool and in this case it actively works against that. Most of the female characters have this extremely exaggerated physique and it's really unnecessary for anyone aside from monsterface Mileena, for whom it's just funny.Lastly, the graveyard is kind of a disappointment. In previous games it was a clearly laid out gridwork of tombstones to unlock for goodies (or disappointments). In MK9, there are various areas (a field full of torture instruments, a graveyard, a forest full of bodies strung up by monstrous spiders, and a swamp with floating bloated corpses) that are confusing to navigate if you're trying to clear out all the available spots. Aside from that, the spoils are often disappointing. I don't need to see all the individual stick figure drawings that Ed Boon did to illustrate fatalities, for instance.Minor complaints aside, MK9 lays the groundwork for a refreshed and promising new series of Mortal Kombat games. I sorely hope the series does not get mired in rehashes again as it's had in the past (Ultimate MK3 and MK Trilogy, MK Deception and MK Armageddon), but the recent MKX suggests things are just going to get better."
,Not Recommended,237110,20751346,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,maybe 10%,"Haven't had any luck with their online systems; I've picked up the game maybe three times, enjoyed it on my own as I relearn some characters and then get upset that the match I've been preparing for with internet pals isn't coming to pass."
,Recommended,237110,15585392,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bonnie,"Mortal Kombat is an amazing game, and it features all previous klassic kombatants (hur hur hur) seen in games 1 to 3. Its story mode also blends these games together amazingly well, offering a new, alternative timeline, mixing up a few things as Raiden has these ""visions"". Fatalities are as brutal as ever, but are a mere scratch compared to the ones seen in MKX. Oh well, I like it a lot overall."
76561198205750925,Recommended,237110,22261369,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Orange_isTheNewBald,"decent game.story is meh, was a little twitchy during scenes, but immediately smooth during gameplay.goro and other bosses not unlockable, need other means if you absolutely want them.imo price is high7/10"
,Recommended,237110,12253463,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,maki1300,Buy if you like Subzero.
,Recommended,237110,21958638,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Super Autist,"Its an MK game, thats all you need.( played a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hours on the ps3)"
76561198161743046,Recommended,237110,22297306,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,EVIL QUIZ | W0olF3,Good game buy of play online!
,Recommended,237110,22323686,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Aly'sLet'sPlays,really nice game
,Recommended,237110,23041241,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Vildar,"10/10 would get my a*s kicked by my girlfriend again.But really though, this game is really fun !"
76561198137763464,Recommended,237110,16455677,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Milk,"This game is awesome and really fun. It has crashed a few times in just the 8 hours I have played, but it really hasn't been too much of a problem. This port is a little mediocre, but the game is still really fun and works well enough"
76561198120827294,Recommended,237110,21187746,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Beefcakemegaman,"A decent single player story mode, with lots of the famed and iconic characters from the franchise. Responsive controls and tag team matches make this a good one to get, especially if you have friends to play it with."
76561198093911712,Recommended,237110,21194167,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Solmyr,Good PC port of a good fighting game.Very fun if you play it in company of 2-4 people.Recommended!
,Recommended,237110,21170066,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Iactuallydonteatwhenitisbright,"Awesome and gory! , My Favorite!"
76561198121213295,Not Recommended,237110,21276392,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dark Souls 3 or Bloodborne,Cheap graphics and poor design :(
,Recommended,237110,20434355,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Big Jumbo,10/10
,Recommended,237110,20474382,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,lady.baneslayer,"Absolutely best stress relieving game I've played in a while.  :)  Beat the story mode in less than a week, but have a ton of achievements yet to unlock."
76561198038400420,Recommended,237110,20471093,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,the beaver,all this is cool love the game
,Recommended,237110,1248165,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Raven,"I already got dat on PS3, BUT GREAT FIGHTING ON DA PEECEE!!!! AMAZING!! ♥♥♥♥ SFxT,  BUY THIS! THIS IS A REAL KIND OF BIG DEAL!!!"
76561198213763244,Recommended,237110,20441537,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,YellowFlashD46,love the game i was playing till i closed the mk9 and now it wont open help me plz
,Recommended,237110,14044142,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,LORD_OF_WAR50omcB4X5 452,AWESOME GAME
76561197970471718,Recommended,237110,19978967,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cheesevillage,"I know, I know -- what was I expecting?A return to gaming with emphasis on retro styled local co-op using China USB NES controllers has me snatching up the best of the best. When the wife requested Mortal Kombat (a game her cousins had as kids), I couldn't help but pick this up at 75% off -- $5.50CDN!I knew more or less what to expect -- I've had contact with the franchise before -- but got pulled in by the great price and her request.High graphics runs great on my laptop (635m), controllers worked 90% without any rempping on the controllers; 10gigs of content...Still, the game is not ""good."" It's evil. There's gore, sexually enticing characters, and blatantly demonic/occult imagery. In short, too much for me to enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qnhRb0txM8Play at your own risk. As for me and my house, we will play Steet Fighter.Cheese"
,Recommended,237110,20000766,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,masterC,"As a MK fan, I HAD to buy this game immediately it came out to PC!I played it on XBOX before and, well, it was kinda fun. The X-Ray moves, the new fatalities, the look of the game (we got a classic game with good graphics!!!) was awesome!This game really gave me the mood of old days when I tried to beat up my brother, but I always failed. :)The multiplayer, however is pretty sucks. It is laggy, it disconnects and just a few players are playing with it. So choose it only when you are going to play it locally with your friends, or alone.I totally recommend this game, however there are some drawbacks in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,237110,19818461,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,lArUe,This game only worked once and then it goes to the mortal kombat komplete edition then nothing happens PLEASE HELP!
,Recommended,237110,19959487,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Big AncestorBoss,Woolay!
76561198162700418,Recommended,237110,21828053,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,gray,kk
76561198139070017,Recommended,237110,15528439,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,$5,very nice gameeeeeeeeeee :D
,Recommended,237110,25662535,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,IVI J X,Considering MK10 is out and i've played that versionMK9 is still satisfying but good luck finding a match online4/5
76561198265190189,Not Recommended,237110,26002602,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,DJPICKLE,wont even open
,Recommended,237110,25572392,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,123,"I've been playing Mortal Kombat since the first one came out. This was a beautiful reimagining of 1,2 and 3. Great fight mechanics, no stupid gimicky 3D space (YOU HEAR THAT MK4? YOU WERE TRASH).The addition of the XRAY system is awesome, and I thought they ran out of ideas for Fatalities years ago. I was wrong.Story mode was great and really expands on the lore. I honestly take this as the difinitive MK story at this point."
76561198027873867,Recommended,237110,25433509,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,"Funnest game in the series, in my opinion. Especially when fighting with two characters."
,Recommended,237110,26088531,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Makubu,LEGENDARY!
76561198060313625,Recommended,237110,7826984,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,TA1200,A
76561198143846876,Recommended,237110,19565369,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,The Serpent,A good game its like the 10.th but it is cheaper and it worthswith low system requermants (sory for my bad english
76561198045174332,Recommended,237110,26452092,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jammin Hornet,Definitely A Great Mortal Kombat Game! Had A Great Time Even After Hearing Shao Kahn Wins Over 100 Times Until 2:00AM. Little Short But More Then Enough Replay Value.  Make Sure You Have Friend To Play With!
76561198008328211,Recommended,237110,26096872,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Radical Tissue Paper,Jade is Bae <3
76561197979081812,Recommended,237110,11891082,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,dannybagz,"It works online, run in advanced mode and set multiplayer distance to worldwide"
76561198104495151,Recommended,237110,24252425,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,вандал,S nog hebatelnaya game v rossii da norm combo
76561198333001092,Recommended,237110,28618173,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SiderealGamer,All im going to say is that i had lots of fun playing the campaigne and playing against my friends! It is well worth it!
,Recommended,237110,28652808,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jdhco13,MORTAL KOMBA- dis gud
76561198309610874,Recommended,237110,28657437,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mk_DragonCaller,I Love MORTAL KOMBAT!!!!
,Recommended,237110,28482729,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,supereldoncloud,"Another amazing MK. The story mode is excellent. As a fan of MK since MK1 on Genesis in 1992, I am impressed yet again. Great game."
,Recommended,237110,28348598,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BrittishBear,A fun game with a good story. Great when people are around so you can kick their but.
76561198166139001,Recommended,237110,28432724,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,н๏є | 48 Days,I have been playing this game when it came out on Xbox 360 and well I love this game so much it is so much fun but the people go online its not much but its a fun game
,Recommended,237110,28394712,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ThePantCoat,"Would definitely recommend this game.Amazing gameplay, solid performance, 60 fps even on low end PCs/Laptops. Only downside is online multiplayer has some issues. Takes a trip to China and back to play with my friends online. Otherwise solid game overall.7.5/10"
76561198208601085,Recommended,237110,28107484,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gamerbro2468,"i loved the game... until i couldnt run it anymore, i have no idea why ot wont open but i refunded mine, but i think it was just my computer, but for other buyers i loved this game and its worth the money"
,Recommended,237110,29208749,Posted: 12 January,all,Ｄ　ｉ　Ｚ　ｚ　Ｙ,Possibly one of the most fun arcade fighters out there. Great for 2 palyer and graphics aren't bad and the x-ray moves add another level to the game. Also great for killing time7/10
,Recommended,237110,29193218,Posted: 11 January,all,Sabmerk,Who buys this game for the fighting we just wanna kill people
76561198028302470,Recommended,237110,28773056,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,asaf mnsn,great game a lot of fun
76561198205746141,Recommended,237110,28774255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Emiwy's Wiw Baby,"Bad Controls and not every charecter, But I always love Mortal Kombat so... Its not that bad, it's great with controller and O.K when you edit the keyboard... 6/10"
76561198042978788,Recommended,237110,28812960,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Old Scratch,Good Overall.
,Recommended,237110,28748182,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hjörleif,"7.5/10Ever fancied taking on a fist fight with this odd Native American bloke and all of the sudden he whips out this weapon and that weapon and you cannot do anything about it? Well if so, you have come to the right game!If you know how to do that by the way, please let me know!Silly complaints aside though, I have only played this game for a bit over half an hour and I have never played a Mortal Kombat game before so you should take this as a first impression piece from a noob rather than a thorough review from a hardcore MK fan boy.I bought the game on sale for 4.99€ and I suppose it's worth the money. People (see my fellow reviewers) say it's the best MK out there. It has solo mode, challenge mode, training mode, online mode, story mode, local multiplayer/co-op (co-fight?) mode with up to four players - all the modes. As such it promises quite a replay value. The graphics are quite swell and it runs fine with a good framerate (I played it on gtx860m 2gb vram).I think someone will have to teach me what it's all about and how it's done properly but I can imagine this title would be a good sport with your mates on local multiplayer.The game also is abundant with lasses with big♥♥♥♥♥♥ well-built lads and reptiles with three toes so I suppose that covers the eye candy for just about everyone.If you are good at learning combos and can execute them easily you will probably not have a hard time. Otherwise, this game can prove difficult.EDIT: since when is the modern spelling of teats a bad word? Anyway, I forgot to mention having a gamepad such as an XBOX360 controller is a good idea."
,Recommended,237110,28992920,Posted: 3 January,all,Zorlan,"I don't have many hours logged as I completed the game on Xbox 360 and simply bought this on sale to get all the DLC (and also since I'm now using a PC as my primary lounge gaming device).It's a decent entry to the MK universe and a return to form after Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe toned down the violence considerably.Be warned: this game is very violent and gory!Mortal Kombat X is a better option if you have a beefy computer to run it, otherwise this is a solid contender if you can stomach the gore."
76561198304502036,Recommended,237110,28938664,Posted: 2 January,all,Tish,"Can't understand, first time it was working, now I can't lunch to the game. Dunno what to do?!((Any suggestions? Is there any errors in the system of the game, if so solve them ASAP"
,Recommended,237110,29133753,Posted: 8 January,all,Wacko,One of my favorite fighters on PC. Get some friends together and have at it. Much better than MKX.
76561198241229026,Recommended,237110,30124785,Posted: 23 February,all,nerygarzon,"excellent game.A must BUY , simple as that."
76561198023698433,Recommended,237110,29798105,Posted: 9 February,all,KrispCe,Nice. Awesome game :)
,Recommended,237110,29497110,Posted: 25 January,all,Axl_XVII,"Es uno de los mejores juegos de pelea, tiene un modo historia que te atrapa y una jugabilidad adictiva."
,Recommended,237110,29665210,Posted: 3 February,all,Gagner,Played through the campaign mode and it more or less satisfied my Mortal Kombat needs.
,Recommended,237110,27907277,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Faust,Bought gamepad specifically for this :D
,Recommended,237110,27824827,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Andreev ✯「47」,"The game has an awesome gameplay. If you like brutal Fatalities and breaking bones, this is the game you want to spend time on!"
,Recommended,237110,27654410,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mrcilaaa,nagyon jo
,Recommended,237110,27801644,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Khilad887,Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition is game that many arcarde gamers would enjoy but with a little twist. This game contains many modes to play and to enjoy to with friends and family.
76561198032552435,Recommended,237110,27861088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,A Skytrain Man,"Very polished and well balanced comeback of a classic. If you liked the old school Mortal Kombat series, this title is well worth playing. A very nice reboot of all the things that make a arcade fighting game good."
,Recommended,237110,27880304,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,UmberPhyris,"I normally do not type reviews for anything, but I personally find this game to be worth a look over.Mortal Kombat X may exist, but it personally has nothing on this game. The story is as laughable as it is entertaining and robust, but that is beyond the point. Everyone from the first 3 Mortal Kombat games, and then some? Human Lin Kuei ninjas? The Living Forest finally has a fatality!?This is not a game that preys on nostalgia, it brings it back to life...and more. I will find myself playing this game for decades to come and go, and all without an ounce of financial or nostalgic regret.The story is simplified and easier to understand than the previous! It summarizes what happened before, give or take a few changes. This game, in my opinion, will never lose it's value, simply because of what it does."
,Recommended,237110,28760805,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ancusor1,"Very nice game,but no more online people."
,Not Recommended,237110,29810028,Posted: 9 February,all,Lucy,"its a great game but it doesnt have much players anymore but if you're into playing alone then this is the game for you if not then dont buy it, the community is 80% dead"
,Recommended,237110,29830512,Posted: 10 February,all,Zaryel,"The remake that the Mortal Kombat series deserve, overall better than MK X, one of the best games to play drunk with your buddies in the living room."
76561198255604663,Recommended,237110,29825113,Posted: 10 February,all,EthanTheProGamer,preety good
76561198016751051,Recommended,237110,29568579,Posted: 29 January,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★★✰✰ (3/5)
,Recommended,237110,30209992,Posted: 26 February,all,havoccentral,"Best MK of all time. Wish the story mode cinematic wasn't so wonky, but the gameplay and graphics are fabulous (for its era). A must play for any MK or fighting game fan."
,Recommended,237110,18123770,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Shroomy,its good but for some reason it won't let me play it shows me the launcher but after that the game doesn't appear help! my computer is windows 10 (Update:) SO yah it works forgot i made this review so... i'm here to say this is a solid game (Until MKX Had To Ruin All Over It)
76561198053713486,Recommended,237110,28043412,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Captain Double Edward x2 Jones,"After 2,6hrs of gameplay i destroyed my cheapass gamepad and now i have to buy a new one. x)"
76561198341902682,Recommended,237110,30152593,Posted: 24 February,all,loganwarren4,This game is awesome and my favorite mortal kombat game really great game and Millena and Noob saibot are the best
76561198327524263,Recommended,237110,30251885,Posted: 28 February,all,Assasinbkg,"i cant figure out how to play two players with my bro on one keyboard, i dont have the steam kontrolers yet, anyone wanna help me out"
,Recommended,237110,31741355,Posted: 14 May,all,Gray Fox,"This game is Kinda Kool The Kharictors are very intresting and the Kontrols are very good. The Kontrols are very tight which allows for Komplex Kombat manuvers and diffrent Kombos. This game has very good KinimatiK KutsKenes whith Khilling visuals. I have alot of good memories playing this game with Komrades, whist I was Koming down with a nasty Koughing Kold. This aslo game has a great Kommunity that made me feel welKomed with its warm sense of Komradery. This game has lots of great features too, such as the addons(Like in The DLK(Downloadable-Kontent)), Konsise Koheisive Kombat system and Krazy varying levels of DiffiKulty. The one promblm I had with this game is the lack of the letter ""C"""
76561198295699185,Recommended,237110,31516332,Posted: 2 May,all,Bobthegamer27,"i wish this game worked, it's one of my better games but it seems to stop working, when clicked and pushed to start it says running and doesn't work. if this is fixable or something pleae tell me.(uncle is a fan of this game, he wants to fix it as well.)"
,Recommended,237110,31552890,Posted: 4 May,all,Redrockshooter,"This game is awesome. Being quite a Mortal kombat fan (Started off with MK deception and loved it) I was quite surprised when this game first came out and I am happy to say that this is a great Mortal kombat game. I love the gameplay, being a 2D fighting game fan myself I really enjoyed the gameplay that it brought out (Even though I am still quite terrible at it) I liked the X-ray moves being super brutal and the fatalities are all full of gory goodness. While the content is quite lacking compared to MK deception I still enjoy the alternate costumes and because this is the complete whoops I mean Komplete edition you get all the DLC stuff which includes extra characters like Cyber sub-zero, Skarlet, Kenshi, Rain, And Freddy kruger (Which I think is an interesting pick). The extra modes seem cool as well and the story mode isn't that bad either. Overall this is a great game and if you are a Mortal kombat fan this is a must have. The only problem I have with this game is Shao kahn who is cheap beyond belief, This game gets 9 tentacles up."
76561198052119000,Recommended,237110,31409552,Posted: 27 April,all,Plank Tonn,Smoke
76561198104635288,Recommended,237110,15598639,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"Awesome, but quite difficult :D"
,Recommended,237110,31435501,Posted: 29 April,all,Dragon Azteca Jr.,"The story is amazing, the roster is overloaded and tons of fun with the tower. Dont be scared to fight your experienced friends, just start one of the battle modifiers to balance the skill out. BUY IT!"
76561198071565244,Recommended,237110,31442236,Posted: 29 April,all,IchWillEkb,The game works excellent on my five years old laptop. Graphics is quite good even in 2017.
76561198006803772,Recommended,237110,34784415,Posted: 6 September,all,Pooptickler_Jr,"THE BEST VERSION OF MORTAL KOMBAT FOR THE PCImho this destroys MK10 for both single player and multiplayer.Spend less, get a better game - win win."
,Recommended,237110,32950758,Posted: 28 June,all,.. CS.MONEY,"This game is amazing.Fatalities,X-Rays,Krypt,Ladder,Story Mode.I love this game,in my opinion Komplete Edition is the best MK ever."
,Recommended,237110,33984193,Posted: 2 August,all,Wolfgang,"Default keyboard keys really messes up the gaming experience when I have to reach my keyboard to go through the menu and, afterwards, switch back to my gamepad to play. It takes away any interest I have in playing this game. Looks cool, but missing the classic Mortal Kombat experience. Seriously, what is key ""3"" on my gamepad; I can't go back in the menu?"
,Recommended,237110,34249709,Posted: 14 August,all,Bassamo,Not Bad ..7.5/10
76561198303350113,Recommended,237110,34805587,Posted: 7 September,all,JAYZAH,i love this game its really good but if you want to buy the game just for the story mode and things like that its good but if you want it to play online i wouldnt recomend that coz no one really plays this online tbh i learnd the hard way. but overall its a great game 9.5/10
,Recommended,237110,34897588,Posted: 12 September,all,RM AtK!,Best NRS GAME Free
,Recommended,237110,34873281,Posted: 10 September,all,Kanine Kaz,"One of the best fighters out there. Rebooting the story helps people follow along the new story, even though most people only care about Scorpion v. Sub-Zero. Worth the purchase if you are a fan of fighting games or don't own a console to play Mortal Kombat X."
76561198325222253,Recommended,237110,34890218,Posted: 11 September,all,Kim Jong-Un,Played this game a ton on the Xbox 360 a few years back and still enjoy the game today. A good PC Port and MK game.
76561198107812409,Recommended,237110,9494961,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Cobra,I don't usually like fighting games but this game has a really interesting single player. You can't go wrong if it's on sale.7/10
,Recommended,237110,16244025,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"Decent singleplayer story mode, terrible netcode and regional restrictions that completely kill online component.Get it on 75% discount if you liked older MK games when you were a kid.Also reportedly perfect for parties and sleepovers with friends... If you have any..."
,Recommended,237110,35338603,Posted: 30 September,all,DerpInPerson :D,10/10 . Derp Seal of Approval :D
,Recommended,237110,35360451,Posted: 30 September,all,LEGEND FOREVER YOUNG LFY,very good game i loved it
76561198071698217,Recommended,237110,29167704,Posted: 10 January,all,Lyle,i love this game to death. one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,237110,35432678,Posted: 2 October,all,Rise-,"Buying it and playing again after 2 years reminded me why I got so tired of MK. Playing this MK Story Mode, which I never have before, reminded me why I quit playing fighting games. I could do a BIG list, but simplifying: AI will just spam 4 moves at you and that's it. No challenge. It doesn't harden things, it only makes playing a story mode like this BORING AS♥♥♥♥♥♥as you fight against e.g. Sheeva over and over and she uses 4 moves out of a huge move pool every single round.I'm recommending because everything's alright besides balancing (which never exists in a fighting game anyway) and that boring♥♥♥♥♥♥failure developers called Story Mode (I wonder why they even tried). DO NOT PLAY STORY MODE, SERIOUSLY. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.Btw, 2017 and I'm still wondering when they'll make some other villain and/or when/if they think about fixing Shao Khan."
