user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006570456,Recommended,237430,2379263,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Garner,"I was surprised by this indie offering. It's like a combination of X-COM combat, Oregan trail challenges and exploration, with the writing and personaltiy of earlier RPGs like Fallout. This makes for a unique mix.One of the core features of this game is selecting your party not just for their abilities but for their personality. The various personalities will adjust encounters and inform your game play. You can feel the difference when two other wise identical hunters are seen from the lens of which is more annoyingly pious.The game also includes an Iron Man mode to keep you honest from save scumming. Which isn't necessary any ways because the designers actually plan for failure. They know you might lose an important or trivial battle and it isn't always lights out or game over like in many other games. For example I actually failed to finish one of the major plot points for the 1st half of the game and things just kept on rolling. Success and deafeat are in equal measures here.I have three negative points for the game. First while exploring is fun the camera is just too close and so constantly using the map and it's way points is a must for quick travel. My second complaint concerns a small aspect of the combat. Melee combat is much stronger than ranged combat and the guns you brought from Spain have weak damage and a chance to miss. The random encounters on the trail can be very harsh and given enough time you'll get a nasty surprise- also some times the consequences of a choice are not even remotely made clear and so there can be some crazy sticker shock (like instagibs).Even still this is a good game. I actually think it's worth the $19.99 at full retail and it's very impressive they put this much depth in to a game that pulled in only $77,000 on kickstarter. I finished my first play around 25 - 28 hours doing most of the content in the game. This game has replayability in many of the events and even multiple endings that acknowledge the things that you did during the game and not just at the very end."
76561198002555011,Recommended,237430,12709764,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"Expeditions: Conquistador is an explorative, somewhat open world, turn-based combat game.  You play as a Spanish ""capitan"" of a ship requisitioned by the governor of Santo Domingo while trying to explore the mainland of the New World.  For those of you who enjoy games like Heroes of Might and Magic, and the Princess Bounty series, this game will feel right at home to you--with a large emphasis of Oregon Trail (remember that game in the 90's?).As captain of a ship (that you don't have anymore), you start by handpicking followers for your expedition, judging by roles, personality types, and equipment that they bring with them.  There are five roles in the game--soldiers, hunters, scouts, doctors, and scholars--each with their own strengths and weaknesses.  Personality types can range anywhere from aggressive to peacefulness, to racism to openmindedness, and many more.  Will this person fit into your group of misfits?  Will Fernando get along with Teresa?  And what will Pedro bring to your crew?  Is he worth the extra ration per night?  With a well-balanced crew, your chances of survival increase tenfold.Expeditions: Conquistador leaves a lot of questions you will be asking yourself, and gives you a great sense of adventure you long for in many games.  While travelling through the mainland, you find points of interests, complete quests for people, and explore, explore, explore.  When you are out of movement points, which happens oh-so-often, and can get very tedious, you set up camp for the night and set tasks for your followers to complete throughout the night.  Perhaps some followers will guard the camp from thieves/animals, while others hunt for food, while one person preserves food, or makes medicines.  And if and when you get into combat, it's a very challenging, risk+reward style of turn-based combat.When I say very challenging, I mean it.  This game is very difficult--but in a fun way.  Every decision you make in the open world can and WILL affect your expedition.  Injuries, and even deaths, will most certainly happen.  And if you do not treat an injured follower with a doctor, the follower will eventually get worse, and possibly perish.  If you succeed with quests, you gain experience and equipment, which you can use to eventually promote recruits to veterans and leaders, and upgrading their outdated equipment.Expeditions: Conquistador is a fantastic game for its money, and will keep you playing for a very long time (the main campaign will take OVER 20-30 hours on average), and also has decent replayability.  As a captain, it is a lot of work to keep your group in good spirits as you fend off natives and other Spaniards as you search for the treasures of the New World.  Although at times the game can get a little monotonous with camping, it throws you for loops as the quest advances.I strongly recommend this game.  8.4/10"
76561198002979539,Recommended,237430,18039860,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,King Fausto,"First things first: Expeditions: Conquistador its NOT a game for everybody. It is a HARD game with LOADS of text and a dense historical and political context. If you dont enjoy reading walls of text and cant handle defeat stay away from this game.That said, I'll list the pros and cons and at the end give my overall opinion:Pros:- Rich, interesting and unexplored historical setting. For lovers of history (like me) this game came as a refreshing breeze.- Combat is well developed, complex but fun though it gets repetive over time. But its HARD, especially because the tutorial doesn't cover it very well. It took me about 3 or 4 hours of gameplay to effectively understand how to use the medic in battles and I can't say I mastered all the other 10 classes.- Beautifully written story and quests that makes you feel involved with the game, with your own character and your companions, thus making the huge walls of text actually a pleasure to enjoy. The writters picked up the historical atmosphere and the political complexities of Precolumbian Mexico really well (apart the female conquistadores, seriously?!). Previous historical knowledge about the Spanish Conquest of Mexico is recommended for the utmost fun though the game presents you very well with the minimum necessary for enjoyment.- Pretty interesting camping and resource micro-management. Not only the mechanics are very good but it also fits pretty well with the whole setting of the game.- Your choices DO matter! Not much for the story development in itself but for your party morale (covered in the next item)- Companions are very well written, each with an unique personality and historical background. This influences the way they will react to your decisions. Managing their different personalities and maintaining an overall high morale is essential for sucess in combat, making party management a vital part of the game. I just missed an option to directly talk to a companion, instead of waiting for random events with or about them to pop up.- Nice Soundtrack. Not really a masterpiece but fits well with the overall climate.Cons:- Graphics are simple for a 2013 game. I recon this is an indie game with limited budget but in my opinion they really could've been better, especially in the world map.- As I've said, this game is HARD. One random event or one small mistake in battle or in camp management can ♥♥♥♥ up an entire gameplay. This can be very demotivating for most players and it is especially painful when added to the bad auto-save mechanics.- Camera movement and trees. You will spend most of your time in the world map and the  top-down camera has its center always locked in your character. This hugely discourage exploring by making it very painful to see things far from your position. Wouldn't be a big deal IF collecting food, herbs etc from the map WASN""T essential to survive (There's a console code that unlocks the camera). Also trees not becoming transparent when you get near them can hide important collectables from your view.- Bumping into enemies. When walking through the world map, you will sometime bump into an enemy patrol or hunting party. Sometimes you will have the option to not engage them. If you do so, after finishing the event, they still stay in your path and touching them makes the same event pop up again forcing you to fight them or to make a detour for progressing. This is a serious issue as even the easiest looking combat can turn into a complete disaster with one or two small tactical mistakes.- Autosave: As said, this game is very hard and to add it up the autosave mechanic is very strange. I myself havent yet figured out how it works, so its safer to manually save often. Back in the days of Ultima and Breath of Fire this wouldn't be a flaw, but nowdays, in my opinion, it is.Overall: Expeditions: Conquistador is a GREAT game for an indie company. It offers a lot of entertainment for it's pricing tag and it was a great efort by the guys at Logic Artists to delivery a solid and enjoyable game. Its cons are hugely surpassed by the pros and makes it a must buy for RPG, turn based combat and/or historical settings fans. Just keep in mind that this game is HARD and has LOTS of text in it before buying.9/10"
,Recommended,237430,8055504,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,NEU-NEU,"This game is awesome for its kind. It's a strategic RPG that shares gameplay similarities with Heroes of Might & Magic. Except this one is more dialogue and story oriented than building castles and armies. The graphics are pretty simple but it doesn't take away the charm of the adventure one bit! The storytelling is what makes it all interesting. It will constantly require you to make decisions, be it for small matters of social nature or serious issues and military tatics. And it does it so well it makes you feel you're reading an adventure book, even when you fail or makes decision mistakes.As you can see on the screenshots, the action part is turn based and takes place on tactical hexa-shaped checker boards. Each unit has its skills, and you better put them to good use during combats or specialize them in order to handle any situation. Strong defensive units, sharpshooters, doctors, fast skirmishers or even tinkers to set traps and covers on the battlefield. It feels very rewarding to win a battle because of a right unit composition, preparation or placement.The RPG elements are there too, from a handful of survival skills to large sets of combat abilities you can give to each of your men. And these men and women also have to be chosen carefully! Every NPC in this adventure has its own convictions, interests or goals. The religious companions won't get along very well with the native culture or those who embrace it. The fame-seeking soldiers won't like your diplomatic solutions to conflicts. Some romances might also happen! It will all depend of your choices and how you want to explore the New World. It is your expedition story that is being told, here.The only things i could wish from the developpers are more languages support (although it was already very enjoyable in english! But since the game is very text-based, it might be hard for some others to follow), and... SEQUELS! Imagine that game set in the Crusades? or the Silk road? or the Japanese islands discovery? With a good storytelling, these explorations could take place anywhere!"
76561198032736750,Recommended,237430,32328370,Posted: 10 June,all,MrFeyerwire,"I would highly recommend buying this game, if your looking for a fun, well made, turn based exploration RPG, with a fluid, challenging ""Tactical Turn Based"" combat system. It is definitely worth the full asking price of 19.99, but you might feel a little bit better if you got it on sale for 14.99 or 9.99. It is a solid game, incredibly well polished with only a few very very minor bugs, it has a lot of solid RPG elements and lots and lots of choices, the type of choices that can have serious consequences, but it definitely isn't a massively in depth RPG  with an epic RPG storyline that you will find yourself lost in for months. I have put in 92 hours, but in reality only about half of that has been actual play time since I have been playing FF4 on my Nintendo DS at the same time. In addition I have been intentionally drawing things out to try and maximize my enjoyment of my purchase. It is only fair that I note that I found this game to lean a lot more to the ""Casual"" side of the RPG/Tactical spectrum, if Wasteland 2 was hardcore, Expedition Conquistador is Casual.As someone who lives or dies by the challenge a game can provide a 20+ year veteran of RPG's like myself, Expedition Conquistador definitely meets my expectations. It isn't insanely difficult like Jagged Alliance Online Reloaded, but the combat is definitely challenging, without being super fancy/complex/tactical. The combat does have a partial/full cover system, but it is hardly the main focus of combat and you will always end up fighting CQB, hand to hand by the time all is said and done. It is still fun and the game has a slough of different randomized combat scenarios that pop up at various times and challenge you to meet a certain criteria in order to complete the combat scenario. In addition, the ability to place obstacles and a wide variety of traps you make outside of combat, before the start of some combat scenarios, is a pretty original and unique feature in Expedition Conquistador, I cannot remember ever seeing anything quite like it in any other tactical RPG before.The storyline is pretty basic and comes out in bits and pieces, but you are the one who choses how your own story is going to unfold. It is up to you if you want to be a completely genocidal maniac and merc every tribe or roving band of warriors you come across, or if you want to curry favor with the Aztecs by merc'ing the Mayan's (yeah, you heard that correctly, the Aztecs & Mayans on the same world map, hows that for historical accuracy !!! Middle Fingers Up!!!) Other than that, the game stays pretty on schedule from a historically realistic standpoint, there is  definitely no magic in this game, the closest thing would be some Healing Water you come across late game, but you only get 3 of them and then they are gone for good.I say buy it and thank me for my review later, by clicking that little ""this was helpfull"" box. It is nice to see a new developer starting out so strong, in a world run amok with garbage, 60$ AAA titles. I am definitely going to buy the recently released ""Expedition Vikings"" in the next couple of days, according to RPG Watch, it is even better."
,Recommended,237430,16978728,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Dezert Rat,"In this game you are a Spanish Conquistador. You can choose if you want to trade and intermix with the natives, or if you want to brutally kill them, rob them and burn their villages!For that you get to choose you followers, which can be racist or open-minded, greedy or altruistic, pious or narcisistic, peacefull or agressive, etc.There are several classes of followers, like soldiers, hunters and doctors, and when you gain experience you get to promote them, giving them more abilities to help you in the game.The game is based in the exploration of the main map, with battles every time you encounter someone and don't get the chance (or don't want to) deal with them peacefully or run away.The battles are turn based, and the goals can be to kill every enemy or just to survive a certain number of turns. Most of the times you can set up barricades and traps, or use items like torches and lanterns to set the scenery on fire! The AI is not to clever, but as you are regularly outnumbered these battles turn up to be quite chalenging.You get to manage your resources, like food and medicine, and if you run out of them, you're in big trouble as you can't feed or heal your people!In the course of the game you'll have many dialogues, with your followers or with other characters, and the decisions you take in those dialogues (wheter to fight or trade, wheter to punish anyone or leave him alone) have influence on the morale of your followers. If this gets too low they will rebel!All in all a very engaging game that puts you in place of a Conquistador, trying to win glory and fame!"
76561198091269627,Recommended,237430,11198869,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Generous_J,"It's a brilliant game, one of the most enjoyable I have played in a long time.As a conquistador, the story involves exploration (of the new world). The mechanic for this is similar to early Final Fantasy games, in particular FFVII. In the exploration facet, you can collect herbs, treasure and hunt boar as well as other resources with which you can create tools to help in battle. These resources can also be used in a barter system at settlements. New locations can be found in which you can meet new settlements and peoples.Meeting people is fun as the game provides a multiple choice story driven dynamic. Your choices, how you interact with the natives, determines your fate and how the story evolves. I was really happy with the choice as it involves you much more in the story and really allows you to play how you like. Diplomacy really is an element in the game in terms of which factions you want to eventually align yourself with (if you want to at all).As well as multiple choice in dealing with other tribes etc. you must also manage your own crew! You choose your troops at the outset and this is also well done. Each person is given a backstory, general stats and three determining personality attributes i.e. Courageous, Open-Minded, Greedy. The characters all have morale which is affected by your choices in the game - greedy followers would gain morale from stealing from someone for instance while others may lose morale from that.   Therefore your relations with the natives will also have an effect, be it positive or negative, on your troops.As mentioned, you harvest herbs, find treasure and hunt boar in the exploration mode but your troops will need to be carefully selected to manage your resources.  Doctors and certain other characters can create medicine from herbs while your hunters can preserve meat. You can also 'tinker' to improve elements such as rate of travel or items whcih will help in battle. Characters can be levelled as you like however. So, there is a lot of mini management involved in the game outside of exploration or battle - one must be strategic. If you make bad strategic decisions the game can be very unforgiving, even on a normal difficulty setting.Finally, battle! Having explained other elements at some length, I will be brief here - it is essentially turn based strategy. If you have played and enjoyed The Banner Saga or X-Com: Enemy Unknown, you will enjoy this. Fundamentally the mechanic is the same though it is very well done.I loved this game - 9/10.Very much hope the developers have a follow up to this in the near future. The system would allow for any theme or universe to be applied - Medieval Europe, Zombie Apocalypse(!), Classical Era (Romans) etc. though I understand the most likely follow up will involve Vikings. It seems the developers want to keep with a 'Expedition' (i.e. coloniser) theme so Zombies are probably out!"
76561197966287779,Recommended,237430,22483914,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Xenrathe,"I harbored no illusions about what it meant for us to explore the New World. Exploration is first and foremost a conquerer's act - over nature herself, if not the natives who inevitably resist the tides of change. I was a soldier, with senses long inured to the stench of blood, and I chose my companions accordingly. I needed grim warriors. None pious. We were not missionaries. I wanted the aggressive sorts, those fueled by bloodlust and goldlust. Nevermind I found their racism and greed distasteful. They were exactly what would be necessary in the heart of the jungle.My choices proved apt, as Mexico was as treacherous as I feared. In those wild lands, we were alone. My predecessor, a man commanding a force of hundreds, had come here and vanished. He had made mistakes. I knew I could afford none.When my servants rebelled, I slew them to a man. I would not have them slitting our throats as we slept. After defeating a native patrol, I might have spared them. These young men and women were only defending their lands from strangers in shining armor. I left none alive, none to report back to their village about our arms, numbers, and tactics.Again and again, I had to face the hard choice between surrendering my tactical advantage and attempting a diplomatic solution. Always I chose to strike swiftly and decisively. Yes I killed where peace might have availed me. But what if it had not? What if those peaceful overtures had led to ambush? I had a duty to my soldiers. They looked to me to keep them alive. That is what I did.Yet the land soon began to work its magic on me. There was a vivacity here that could not be found in Spain's stone streets. The people possessed an earthly wisdom and a refreshingly naive curiosity. Many welcomed us openly, asking about our ways and our lands. They were, it turns out, not so different from us, finding joy in a good meal and a bountiful harvest.We found common ground with the Totonac peoples, and sided with them in their rebellion against the Aztecs, true barbarians whose temples ran slick with the blood of pagan sacrifice. I allowed the Totonac Chieftain's teenage daughter, Anacaona, into my group to serve as translator. She stayed by my side throughout. I taught her to wield sword, spear, and musket. I shared our language and our ways. She was ever eager to listen to my stories, and each night as we camped in the swamps and jungles, I told her of past battles. Her eyes shone with the fires of these remembered glories, and a hope for her own.Of all of us, she was the truest and best adventurer. It was she who translated the glyphs on a golden gateway and led us into the legendary El Dorado, that shining City of Gold. It was she who manuevered through the temple of death's diabolical traps, braving a pit of snakes to uncover mounds of treasure. Without her, we would never have found the Fountain of Eternal Youth, which spring must have originated in Heaven itself.Ah, Anacaona. She became the daughter I had always wanted.It must have broke her heart when, following our triumphant battle over the Aztec Empire, I turned on her father and slew him in the same garden I had killed the Emperor. I know it broke mine when she chose him over me.I buried her with mine own hands, outside Tenochtitlan, its plundered temples and palaces alit with devilish infernos.I had been given a duty and an obligation, and I had fulfilled it to my utmost. I returned home with every companion but she still alive. Our ship held such treasure that it bobbed low in the water, our hold bursting with plundered gems. The king welcomed me home a hero, bestowing upon me lands and titles. My ambitions fulfilled.Yet as I sit on my estate, watching the sun plunge beneath my tamed fields, I discover that somewhere along the way, my ambitions had changed. The jungle had transmuted them. The glory, the riches, the titles: all hollow now. I would give them all in order to go back and make a different decision. To choose the path of peace, so that Anacaona might have lived.As a child, I thought the title Conquistador a grand one and never imagined I would hold it. As an old man, I carry it with a heavy heart. I will take it with me to the grave. Murderer. Betrayer. Conquistador."
76561197973706677,Recommended,237430,30752286,Posted: 26 March,all,blacktomcat,"This game is a turn based, setting/story driven strategy game with minor rpg elements.Whats good:- Battle and exploration mechanics work fairly well- Interesting ressource management system- Actual impact of your own decision is felt/seen/aknowledged- Battle is challenging- Several different ways to play through the game- Several different endings- Your Units actually matter (as your decision has an impact on the moral of your units, depending on their own character; racist characters do not take it well, if you are nice to the natives etc.)- Interactive part is fairly big (as having different units will end with different random events/reactions)- The character system with exp/equipment/injurys etc. is fairly good and motivatingWhats bad:- The random factor of battles is at times high, making them either too easy or too hard, if you have bad/good luck- The pace of the game is fairly slow- The mechanic breaks down at the end, as you will have more than enough ressources and very strong unites- Not all unit types are equal. Some excel in the explorative mode (as they are usfull for gathering etc.) Some excel in combat...but some do both or neither. Scholoars are only important to get 1 to tinkering 10 and for some events. While hunters can gather food and fight well.Additional:The spanish conquistator setting is very well done. It might not be for everyone, but i liked it :)Yes its historically inacurate, but i do not believe that that was the aim of the devs to begin with:)Too long - didn't read:If you like exploration, combat and a tad bit of rpg in a challanging turn based game set in the times of the spanish conquistators, feel free to buy this one :)"
,Recommended,237430,12632580,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,montecruz_2006,"This RPG/Strategy mix is basically turn based and will see you wandering around Hispaniola and Mexico shortly before Cortez. You will explore the land and meet its people as well as would-be conquerors and colonists, gather resources, receive and complete quests and you will even be able to rebuild an old fort as your stronghold. Every turn represents a day during which you will be able to move between 25-40 movement points on the map and then you have to set up camp. During camp you will hunt for food, make medicine, heal wounded or sick team members, and look out for thieves. The combat is also turn-based and can be quite challenging.The first 1/4 (roughly) of the game will play in Hispaniola. Consider this an (extended) tutorial. After you finish this, you will be able to move to the mainland which is larger (while not incredibly large). Whether you play a really nice guy, i.e. just map the area and help out where you can, or engage heavily in the struggle between two native realms on the mainland, and play them out against each other, or simply raid and plunder is up to you.While the game has some flaws and limited replayability, it is fun and creates a nice atmosphere. This is partly because the members of your band (around 10 or 12) will react differently to each play style, they will be Spanish or Native, peace-loving or warlike etc. and they have at least one personalized event. The game illustrates that there are sometimes difficult ethical decisions to make. To look for clues from a lost conquistador with limited food and medicine and several wounded team members in a hostile area is also intriguing. One thing is for sure: King Carlos wants you to come back with a lot of money or he will be disappointed!I will add some hints that will make your start hopefully less frustrating:- get 2 doctors, because if you have only one and he is sick, you´re *****ed- I also suggest 2 hunters, while 1 scholar should be enough- researching the cart upgrade will make you move faster- you should not camp on roads but 1-2 tiles left or right from it instead- the promoted soldiers give the very useful ""stun"" bonus- you need to get the skull- if in doubt, let Ana Vidal charge :)I fully recommend this game while it is on sale, if the full price of 19,99 is justified I cannot judge.All in all: Yruenes is kind of cute! Ana Vidal, on the other hand, can fight! 9/10!"
,Recommended,237430,401452,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Feist,"Don´t let the title fool you, this is really a very entertaining old school RPG. Playing as a young spaniard, you arrive in a tropical wilderness where you explore, battle, use diplomacy and above all survive,  far away from civilization. Combat works the same as XCOM with turn-based attacks and many choices. Even ordinary travel offers a lot of challenge as you need to help your conquistadors survive against native attacks, disease, starvation and more.If you like a real hard-core RPG with lots of detail and challenge, don´t hesitate....BUY!(P.S. Don't miss the sequel, it has VIKINGS!)"
76561198154552044,Recommended,237430,14158338,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,True_Blue,"I've never written a review on Steam but this game made me feel obliged to write. I may only have played E:C for 4 hours but in all of my 25+ years of gaming I have not come across such a game. Kudos to the developers! A heady blend of RPG, Turn based combat and exploration unlike any out there in the market. What really shines through, though, is the text intensive interactions between You and each party member. The conversations, although scripted, has enough choices to make the story seem seamless. I'm really looking forward to playing more of this and any similar efforts from this Dev team.Edit: I've had more playtime on this game and so far it has been challenging even on 'Normal' level. My biggest problem has been keeping my men (and women!) happy, motivated, disease free and in fighting order. The moment any of the party members get even mildly hurt or sick he or she cannot perform ANY of the Camp chores and this leaves the party shorthanded, especially if you find yourself in areas where the threats (either from the natives or thieves) are HIGH. This often leads to frustration when your carefully husbanded resources disappear overnight. I also feel that the Healing process is well implemented though probably too realistic and very taxing on Medicine supplies. More to come!"
76561198030788488,Recommended,237430,33614579,Posted: 17 July,all,Cracktus Jack,"Expeditions: Conquistador...is a turned-based tactical RPG. Along with your company of soldiers, you embark on a voyage for the New World to conquer and tame its lands and native people for the glory of Spain.⚠DescriptionYou play as a company leader of noble birth, taking the place of Hernán Cortés as you board your ship to map America. The first chapter will have you land on Hispaniola to deal with problems facing Santo Domingo, then move on to Mexico where you meet the Aztec Empire. As the story unfolds, the choices you make will branch out into a few paths and different endings to the game.After creating your leader character, you build a party by picking from a list of doctors, hunters, scholars, scouts and soldiers. You will also encounter additional optional characters during your game. Each class has its own skills, and each character has a unique back story and various personality traits that will determine their interactions with you and how your decisions affect their morale.When moving across the map, you regularly need to set camp, manage food reserves, and give tasks for your party members. Fighting is done on a hex-grid map of your location, moving your units around to attack in ranged or melee combat, taking cover behind obstacles when needed. You'll sometimes come across traps or obstacles. You can craft your own traps to be used if the encounter allows you time to prepare for battle.You gain party experience from completing quests and battles. This experience can then be spent on leveling up (or promoting) party members, picking additional skills and adding attribute points. You are limited to three Level-4 characters and one Level-5 character in your party.☺ProsThis is a very unique setting that doesn't often get explored. A pre-colonization America with its people, tribal wars and beliefs or folklore. Each encounter, whether a scripted or a random camping event, includes flavor text to explore the attitude of awe, or suspicion, local tribesmen have when meeting you, as well as delving into the city life some of these empires had.Attributes are quite a departure from traditional RPGs. Your leader has his specific set of attributes which will not change during the game. These determine how likely some conversation choices are to succeed. Your party members have completely different attributes reflecting their use at specific camping tasks (guarding, hunting, healing, etc.). It is all very different from the typical Strenght, Perception, etc. attributes such games usually take.When travelling, you'll find random loot boxes of resources or crafting material. When camping, you'll assign tasks to your party member: guarding, hunting, crafting, or contextual tasks like fishing if you're camping by a river, or assembling maps from various landmarks you discovered. Camping will sometimes result in random events happenning during the night, such as party member story development, or sneak attacks by natives.☹ConsInventory management is oversimplified. You don't manage armors and weapons, you simply have ""equipment"", which acts as a quantity of points you can distribute (and redistribute at will) to boost armor or weapons of party members. Survival is also basic: have ""rations"" to feed your party, have ""medicinal herbs"" for a doctor to heal injuries, have a lot of ""valuables"" to determine how rich you are.The game feels rooted in an attempt at a realistic historical RPG with no magic or belief in things other than The Church, yet sometimes dives in the supernatural. Sure, a wave of disease afflicting those who stole a so-called ""cursed treasure"" can be shoved off as party members superstitions, but coming across a Dog-Headed God to whom you can sacrifice a party member really kicks you out of the realistic context.While the combat maps are pretty, they are too static. Besides traps, there are no interactive map elements. I wish there were swampy floors, movable boulders, something. Also, there's no indicator to make it clear whether you have proper cover from ranged attacks.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ -""It's up to you.""I've had a nice enough experience for me to recommend this game. It's not the strongest tactical RPG and the story could've had a lot more depth, yet I'm now looking forward toExpeditions: Viking.If you're itching for an uncomplicated tactical RPG you haven't tried, this might be it.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,237430,13926810,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,lesherm,"Surprising gem! I picked this up on sale and got sucked right in.  If you like games like XCOM or FF: tactics, you'll like this too.  My only gripes: sometimes the interfaces is picky about exactly where your cursor needs to be in able to select a hex tile in combat. Also, the design of the interface can make it easy to have the wrong follower or item selected when you do select a tile, occasionally causing you to accidentally set your squad on fire when you just wanted to move a follower.  Those are just annoyances, however.  This is a fantastic tactical subjugation sim."
,Recommended,237430,31781208,Posted: 15 May,all,Payne,"I found Expeditions: Conquistador to be an enjoyable historical simulator. It is a mix of party management, map exploration, turn-based combat, and RPG story. The game requires some critical thinking, otherwise your party members will die of starvation, injury, or sickness.If my description sounds interesting, then ignore the recent mixed reviews and give it a try. There was a free weekend recently, but the strategy and thinking skills required to play Expeditions: Conquistador are not always found within a general audience."
76561198006827948,Recommended,237430,12572102,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,gseidi,"I am totally hooked by this gem's unique blend of tactical combat, leadership, logistics, history. You basically select your team of explorers/conquistadores choosing them by specialty (soldiers/hunters/scouts/doctors/technicians) and land with limited resources on the new world, interacting (often fighting) with the natives and all manners of events. Meanwhile you have to keep your team fed and motivated, which is easier said than done, sinc literally EVERYONE has their agendas, desires, expectation, religious views etc. Combat is handled very much a la ""Blackguards"". Their is a very nice element of improving through experiences, with a well thought out  skill tree (different for each specialty).  The logistic and strategic aspects of the game are unlike anyther I know of. I am enjoying it immensely, but I realize that if you are not at least a bit into micromanagement, this game might turn you off."
76561198078498143,Recommended,237430,34723984,Posted: 3 September,all,Wyvern-of-the-Rising-Sun,"In the Middle of 1600.A new World discovered.Ships from spain are taking over.Men and women on the search for adventurers and gold.YOU are one of them, leading them, beeing a conquistador.Expeditions:Conquistador is an interesting turn based strategy game with many tactical elements.I`am a big fan of BETRAYER, also set in this timelime, so my interesting was awaked.Also the impressive Game Trailer made me wanting it.In one of the monday sales i got this and was ready to play.In the beginning you are planing your Expedition. You are choosing between more then 30 Characters, each one with special abilitys. Choose wisely a balanced team, because you are going to make more decissions, then you like.Decissions that influence the path you will be going.After choosing your team, you arrive in the new world and are ready for discovering.Leaving the first City a big card is waiting for you.While you explore the new world in turn basing mode you have to manage Ressources and Motivation of your Expedition. Your Team is very unexperienced in the beginning but will rise. And you decide what.So, Glory is waiting for you ...... or death.What i like in this game, is the atmosphere. The Game feels really detailled in that timelime. You will feel with your Expedition. Each character has it own background story what make each one special. If one dies, it will not leave you cold if you got deeper in this game like i did.As i said before, the game leaves you also the choice what to do. Slay the indians or help them is one of it. Nearly each decission has consequences. Thats something that makes the game more playable.Speaking of decissions, each time you have the choice of diplomacy to avoid battles, but you can not escape every time from it. When it finally comes to battle the game changes into a JAGGED ALLIANCE Style and you have to move each character for itself. For me the battles where sometimes really tough and challenging and sometimes they feel a little bit unbalanced but to be honest, what was easy in that times. Each battle can be won and are not impossible.The Game has 2 Campagnes and each one is excited. It is really fun to explore the map to discover the secrets and read the events. The game has also a muiltiplayer.I have this game in a monday sale, but it is definitly worth its full prize. The Devs did a very good job with this game and it has very much content to bound you for many hours. Much more then many ""full prize"" games.What can i say more. The time of the Conquistadors was not the gloriest chapter of human history but it still polarizes.If you want to dive into this timelime and like turnbased games, this is for you.Go on Expedetion or die trying....Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,237430,28925115,Posted: 1 January,all,Wistful Emolga™ -TPF-,"Very fertile and off-the-beaten path, this Conquistador-focused setting. Don't think I'll ever see a game set partly in Hispaniola ever again.In short, I recommend it. Fights happen a little bit less often than one would think, but not by much and the fighting that's there is oodles of fun if you're prepared.The game is definitely half-and-half combat and setting though, perhaps leaning ever-so-slightly towards the setting side.The battles are XCOM-like and the overworld map is Mount and Blade-like, however it can be harder than both those games. Battles are much less reliant on RNG (save for Hunters/Trappers whom use guns/bows) and you must camp in the overworld when your troops get tired.I will say this now: do NOT just go through the main storyline quests on Hispaniola. Do the side quests. Otherwise you will lose **horribly** for a while and you will **not** be ready for the mainland when you reach it. Enemies almost always match or better you in quality AND quantity save for the odd encounter.What you SHOULD do first of all though?Buy the game."
76561198067692560,Recommended,237430,20573372,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,skipp3rUA,"Many thanks to the developers from Denmark. They really created a good game with a good dialogue and combat systems in a unique setting. (I do not remember RPG about the Spanish conquest of America).Playing Expeditions: Conquistador really feel like a pioneer of new worlds. Excellent writing descriptions of events and locations, quests (sometimes feel like the game is not a the video game - this is dungeon and dragons game). Battle system very similar to the combat system of dungeon and dragons.Among the shortcomings can be identified too passive protagonist actually does become  de facto ""talking head"". In the battle  protagonist did not participate too.It is also unclear why  developers decided to limit the battle by only 6 members,  while the game has 5 classes in battle using only a maximum of 2-3. One could for instance with the game walkthrough, expand battle map and add the number of soldiers in the combat.While in the game use a historical setting, for the sake of balance developers equalized all parameters in classes,  for example  Aztec and Spanish fighters has  no distinction. Dont be surprised when you see same damage from iron  and oak swords, or the same protection from iron  and leather armor. As the de facto all the basic classes same as Spain and the natives, victory in battle will bring correct command, upgrades and the choice of classes in combat.In the battle conquistadors do not use horses and pistols (probably forgotten them in Spain :)))7.5/10"
76561198007583969,Recommended,237430,14144865,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lucius,"Amazing turn-based combat.Incredibly engaging and exploring never got old for me.I wish this game had more exposure with review sites, especially with the fanfare for TBS lately.The story is tough and there are so many choices in your role-playing that you will quickly be immersed.Disease, hunger, moral dilemmas, NPCs...all the classic stuff in an impressive world little explored in games.Please consider a sequel guys!!!I would definitely buy it! :)"
76561198003148672,Recommended,237430,14224794,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Trig_the_Poor_Shot,"Strongly recommended for fans of tactical combat!Other reviews have explained in detail the setting and the mechanics of the game, so I will not repeat that. This is just my subjective opinion of the game.While this is not a random or procedurally generated game, where you could get endless replay value, it is intriguing enough that I have replayed the story a couple of times, making somewhat different decisions within the relatively linear story. While the game does not force the player to solve the story in a fixed sequence of steps, but instead allows free wondering through Hispaniola and Mexico, the main plot is still fairly linear. However it's how you'll handle that plot, where the devil lies. Will you be humane or genocidal? Treacherous or fair? The game neither rewards nor punishes either style of gameplay. It is up to you to decide whether you will murder a native village or trade with it, and your ""dirty dozen"" squad of conquistadors will have different opinion on your actions, resulting in their morale going up and down. And should it go down too much, you could end up with a rebellion on your hands...But it's the tactical turn-based combat where the game really shines. Many complain it's too hard or too arbitrary, but I wholeheartedly disagree with them. It's a bit like a chess game with figures that don't always do exactly what you want them to, except it's entirely different. :)When it's your turn you can select any one of your troopers and tell them where to go and who to attack. When you've moved all, the enemy gets to do the same. Not unlike XCOM, only done better in my opinion. Cover matters, positioning matters, outfitting your troopers with weapon and armour improvements matter, perks matter, battlefield traps and barricades matter, who to attack first and why matters. And pulling off a good defence or difficult attack is really satisfying and makes you feel good about yourself.I am a typical save-scummer and will never click the ""Iron man"" campaign selection. I will replay the same battle many times in order to try out different tactical outcomes and combinations. But my aim isn't to save-scum to win the game as effectively as possible, but to extend the game as long as possible while getting the most enjoyable fights out of it. I finished the campaign once, then started it again, then just finished the first part of the game, then restarted it again, wanting to do some quests and battles from a different perspective, using different units and tactics.The one shortcoming of the game, which is the main reason why I do this is, it's too short. The Hispaniola and Mexico campaigns combined, if you don't rush them, will give you some 30-40 hours of fun. An additional Inca campaign DLC would have been nice, but the devs said there's not gonna be one. A modding tool has been released which allows people to create additional plot twists and random events within the main campaigns, but I haven't seen anything available for download and play yet.If you're into well thought out tactical games this one is for you."
76561197970951366,Not Recommended,237430,33058483,Posted: 30 June,all,corth,"Really good writing and setting.  But in the end it was just too much fiddly resource management grind for me.  Hard West was the same style of game, and much more to my taste.  If you like fiddling with resources non-stop, you will probably really like this game because the tone and style are great.  But if you don't really, REALLY dig that, skip this game.My issues with this game:- The combat is not introduced gradually, with small battles that let the player learn both how to play and what to train and equip the troops with.  Instead you get a big number of characters with zero context as to what to do with them or when to do it, and are thrown into battles you will absolutely not be able to win.  For example, you have all melee soliders but the enemy is all range, and you are at the other end of a spiral pathway.  Lame.  And you are given a range of characters with different capabillites to pick for each battle, but no idea of what you are going up against!  The game might as well choose randomly for you.  So you need to loose a lot to figure out how to play, which isn't my idea of fun.  Sure, you can heal your team, but that means camping incessantly while looking for enough loot to do it, and dealing with food, all to get back to another battle that was poorly rolled out to the player.- For such a numbers heavy game, it does a bad job of giving you results.  You are forced to ""camp"" every 60-90 real world seconds, but the results are shown only in text that fades after a couple of seconds.  So I ended up not really caring about the events of the night, and simply being annoyed at the whole process.- The UI is quite cumbersome for how resouce intensive it is.  I often just clicked around on things to figure out how to get them to work.  While not optimal, it would have been acceptable if I was having fun elsewhere in the game to offset the drag."
,Recommended,237430,17704175,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ZombieBisque,"Spectacular game (although I'm still a bit bitter that I screwed myself out of a better ending by playing Ironman mode) and I certainly recommend it.  It's definitely punishing, but very well written and overall a great experience.  I wish it was longer, or that there were more games like it.My biggest gripes:- The Mexico map had so much unused space.  I thought I would have done a lot more exploring than I ended up doing by the time the map was finished.- Balance of treasure found on the map vs what gets stolen from you almost every night sucks.  Managing your valuables is a big challenge.- The time limit on the last battles.  Whyyyyy.  Totally killed the ending of the game for me.But with that said, I do suggest the game, although I wouldn't do Ironman - the writing is so good, you don't really want to accidentally get locked out of certain paths."
,Recommended,237430,29730506,Posted: 5 February,all,Jambatti,"You are El Conquistador. You are bound for the New World to gain fame and riches. How will you do it? Your call. Nobody holding your hand, telling you what to do (except tutorial sequence on Hispaniola). You have absolute free reign on how to achieve that goal:Raze native villages, kill helpless women and children, and claim the land for King Carlos?- no problem!Befriend natives, free slaves, and fight against the Spanish Crown?- no problem!Can i do both of the above?- yes you can!What i like in this game - it is not you classic ""good vs evil"" b u l l s h i t, it is more realistic, dark and ""shades of grey"" game. Just like real life.Example: Trade with the village, marry the chieftain;s daughter, accept gift and be worshipped as the sun god. Then - raze village to the ground killing all inhabitants. Il con Dieu! Stupid Heathens! :) - and the game is full of such options.P.s. I STRONGLY recommend playing in Ironman mode. Its how this game meant to be played. You will only feel the weight of your decisions if you play it like that. And don't worry about losing battles and thus game over - in most battles, while you have at least 1 of your units alive, you can always surrender/flee. Yes, you will be humiliated, lose many valuables, fail quests, some of you companions may permanently die, but you will be able to continue, and in some cases, have your revenge (or second humiliation).Overall: 9/10 go play it now, Conquistador :)"
76561198030336872,Recommended,237430,12036634,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Sanctius,"Loved this game, great story, great gameplay and hours of fun. Dont miss this one"
,Recommended,237430,2226792,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Paikia,"Expeditions: Conquistador is a tactical RPG, set, as implied by the name, during the historical Spanish invasion of parts of the American continent. You play a Spanish nobleman, in command of your military unit, set on a ship from Spain to America.Your first duty is to choose the members of your unit. I really like the idea that you don't only have to consider their tactical roles (Soldier / Scout / Hunter / Doctor / Scholar) and how many of which class you're going to need, but also their personal views and agendas. Some of those people are either racists or extremely religious, while others are more tolerant and open-minded. Some are adventurous and like taking risks, while others are more cautious and calculated. As squad-leader, you must consider how well those people are going to be able to interact and get along with each other, and how easy it is going it be for them to accept your leadership, considering the differences between them. Having half your squad be adventurous risk-takers and the other half very cautious, for example, is probably not a very good idea, as any decision you make during the game which will have anything to do with taking risks, would end up making half your squad lose morale.Next up, as soon as you set foot on ""The New World"", you're challenged with tough decisions to make, one after the other. Some issues can be solved either peacefully or by force, while others will require unavoidable violence to deal with. One of the things I really like about the game, is that it lets you face some of the obvious moral dillemas of the period and the context from a refreshing and flexible perspective. You can be the barbaric warlord who uses violence to solve every problem, you can be something more alike an enlightened diplomat, or anything in between, according to the options the game presents to you. While you're obviously led by the general way history was set in reality and are expected to bring money and treasures back to the King of Spain, the game gives you quite a variety of ways to do that. Some of those ways are filled with violence and bloodshed, and others are much less so, although fighting is an integral part of the game, whatever path you end up choosing.The battle system is complex and interesting, yet not too difficult to learn. The ingame tutorial is effective, short and to the point, so I won't get into it in too much detail. The main principle is choosing which members of the squad to send on each battle, based on their skills, experience and character. Also, some of your people will trigger all sorts of plot events during the game, which gives the game a higher replayability value. I've found it interesting to start another playthrough, this time with different people, just out of curiosity regarding their personal plot events.As the game is very story-driven and there's (almost) no voice acting, there's a lot of reading to do, which you shouldn't skip if you want to stay in the game. Your choices and decisions have a significant effect on the plot, and in order to make an informed decision, you should know what's going on. Skipping text will only put you in a position of having to choose an arbitrary action, which in my humble opinion, takes most of the fun out of the game. If you generally don't have what it takes to be patient and take the time to read, maybe this is not the type of game for you.The graphics are not bad at all, and the soundtrack is one of the best I've heard (composed by Leonardo Badinella, a musician from Chilli), which really helps keeping the game alive, even along the slower parts.All in all, this is one of the best games I've encountered during the last few years, and I recommend it to anyone who likes Tactical RPGs."
,Recommended,237430,21679743,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tieio,"This game starts a litle bit slowly but once you get into it, it really has a good feel about it. It is simple and straight forward but there is just enough depth and customization to keep you wanting to play more. The battles lack a lot of actual tactics until higher levels. In all, this is a fine game."
,Not Recommended,237430,13194000,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,knotted1,"Crashes gnome-panel for some odd reason.Pretty standard fetch-the-item quest type game.  The combat system is sort of interesting, and different from other games I've played, but ends up being pretty deterministic.Dialoging with the NPCs is annoying because you're given multiple responses to choose from, but they don't seem to make much difference.  They boil down to ""take quest"" or ""refuse quest"", and in some cases you only get to choose the former.Most of the gameplay is not actually in the explore-the-world, nor even the combat screen.  Believe it or not it's the camping mechanism.  You select what type of rations to use, organize healing of members, pick things to research, proportion to spend hunting, guarding, searching for items, etc.  Picking rations gets to be a bit tedious after a while, but I like the mechanics for selecting tasks for each member."
,Recommended,237430,12098649,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,smerlus,"Playing through this solid indie title made me wished I would have backed it when it was on Kickstarter. Expeditions: Conquistador is a pretty good strategy RPG that mixes exploration, resource management and hex-grid combat with a little bit of fiction and non-fiction. The end game was a blast to play through and I'm hoping the developer has had enough success to create new Expeditions in the future.Pros:+ Solid combat: good balance of classes, skills, traps and other items.+ Great variety of random occurances: both good and bad situations can pop up while traveling or camping that keeps the           player on their toes.+ Interesting locations: The first location is a bit more than a tutorial while the second one is pretty much the main game. Both are rewarding.+ Choice and Consequences: The game expands on this towards the end. Not all dialogue branches off to a totally different path or outcome but there is enough variance.+ Great balance of fiction/non-fiction: combat is intense because it only takes 3-4 hits to kill someone and you can't spam healing spells, however there are still curses, pagan Gods and legendary locations.Cons:- Stability issues: the first island was fine, once I got to the second location there were some crashes to desktop, some loading the map issues and some other small hiccups.- Higher Level Skills: once the characters get into the higher ranks, their skills are no longer varied. They're still semi-useful but it felt cheap. Also no higher level perks."
76561198010981788,Not Recommended,237430,14801390,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TonkaTruck,Its 'ok'. But just ok. Some of the game mechanics are much more anoying than fun like periodicly having to run down natives robbing you or random events occuring that you have no control over. If you do not mind redundent mechanics and being at the mercy of random events I could see others enjoying this. For me it was a total waste of time.
76561198202127392,Recommended,237430,29812359,Posted: 9 February,all,tatiana,"I have played this game for over a 100 hours now, and I can confidently say it's one of my favourite games ever. Which is strange, because it isn't the best game I've ever played - there are games with far fiewer faults than this one. But it just stole my heart...You start by choosing your expedition members. Each has a combination of 3 traits, which determine what affects their morale. For instance, Agressive followers love to fight at every opportunity, while Peaceful ones prefer to avoid combat; the Openminded gain morale when you recruit natives into your adventuring party, while the Racist ones lose it; a Proud follower's mood depends on the success of a battle, while Narcissists like being promoted; and so on. Of course, nobody like going without food or having their injuries untreated. High morale gives a critical hit chance in battles, but let it drop below 2 and you've got a mutiny on your hands. Every follower has a back story. If you aren't the type who reads them, fear not - there are random ""conversation quests"" during which a follower will tell you about themselves.The quality of writing is consistently superb. It reads like the best interactive novels, and is broken up into paragraphs, so it never feels like a wall of text. Most conversations have 3 choices of reply, which can be described as ""dignified, ferocious or charming"" in tone. The majority of battles can also be resolved in a number of ways - you can avoid it altogether, use diplomacy, use the Tactics skill to put yourself in an advantageous position before the fight, or simply ride forth with guns blazing. Overall, it's an RPG in which the role-playing actually matters!The battles are the most challenging part of the game by far. They are usually 6 versus 6, but there are variations. The objectives also vary - from the standard ""Eliminate all enemies"" to ""Reach the escape zone"" or ""Stay alive for X turns"". There are 10 classes - 5 Spaniard and 5 native, each with it's own strengths and weaknesses. There are also traps, barricades, attacks of opportunity...The main reason why I've put in so many hours into this game is what I like to call ""a Non-Binary victory system"". What I mean is, you don't just win or lose. Any follower that gets incapacitated in battle has a chance to end up injured. An injured follower cannot fight and is useless in camp until fully healed. Healing takes time, medicine and doctors. So it is very important to not just win a fight, but win it without too many serious injuries, otherwise you'll run out of resources, and your party members will deteriorate and die.And that's where most of the problems with this game lie. The interface, especially the combat interface, is of patchy quality. Your troops stand in blue circles, while the enemy is in red ones, but they are not very well highlighted, so during nighttime battles you can barely see who's where. The game isn't open-world, more like a series of passages you can travel along, but the map doesn't make it clear where they are - it only shows roads and mountains. So much time, especially on Hispaniola, is spent bumping into rocks and trees. Your quest objectives can be tracked in the quest journal, but it only tracks the main storyline quests. Even then, if your objective is on the part of the map you haven't discovered yet, you wouldn't see it!Despite all this, the faults are minor compared to the good stuff. And I'm eagerly awaiting Expeditions:Viking, in which the faults I've highlighted have been mostly resolved."
76561198086692055,Recommended,237430,11467706,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,sarahsarah,"If I had known how good this game would be I would have paid full price for it!It's brilliantly designed and beautifully written with truly different consequences based on your choices (I know because I saved and loaded a lot). The combat has strategic depth, the soundtrack and art is perfect. Availability on Linux was a massive bonus (I played this on Fedora 20). The only small issue I have is that scrolling across the map is a little difficult and the game would've been even better with a bit more detail on the adventure map; having said that, it's definitely re-playable and I really hope the developers make a sequel."
76561198032424803,Recommended,237430,14175867,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Wehrsportyoga,"Oh this one I am torn about. There are so many things to love about this game - the world exploration, the deadly environment, the mini-quests and party management and the still unspoiled setting (after all, who doesn't want to be a raprier-wielding genocidal conquistador?).Still, some of the execution is less than optimal and it's easy to get bogged down in the complex turn-based action."
76561198081390656,Recommended,237430,12395535,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,chong.ong,"This is one of the best games ever made.The combat is extremely interesting and balanced. The battles range from protecting certain individuals, rushing opponents, being ambushed, to very difficult ''hold the fort'' etc ...  The game also allows a lot of freedom in the quests, choices and storyline.There are many interesting characters and great dialogue.Definitely recommended, although a new player probably needs some time to get used to the interface (tip = click on place on the map and press space to move automatically. You can move automatically while map is open to save time)."
76561198037834509,Recommended,237430,12853538,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Old Timer,"I want to like this game.  And since it has been on sale several times it was a resonable price.  While it has many features that I like; character advancement, attributes that make a difference in gameplay, good combat, different weapons (or weapon advancement), construction of traps and baracades. It just falls a little short across the board.  While the features are there, everything lacks a little depth.Of course to add the depth that I would like would probably increase the cost of the game.  Rated it positive because I do think that it is a good game for the price."
76561198140257724,Recommended,237430,22813901,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mimer,"Let me start by stating that this is not an action game. Focus is not on combat. If you want a turn-based tactical game, this is not it. If you want a game where your choises (based on text) makes a difference, then this is it. I'd say it's a RPG-manager game more than a strategy game.There are a few things that could have been more polished, but overall the game is very entertaining and has a decent replay value. 20 Euro is a bit steep IMO, some features feels more basic/older than that, but I still recommend it."
,Recommended,237430,27727682,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,normies get out,"One of the most heavily-underrated games of its time, Expeditions: Conquistador is a well-written and deeply-engrossing masterpiece that has hours upon hours of content on top of having great replay value.The player is given the role of a hidalgo of the Spanish aristocracy, sent to the new world after a first attempt at colonization disappears. Sent first to the island of Hispaniola to quell a rebellion, the player is then given the freedom to do as he wishes, whether that means mapping out the island, helping or hurting the natives, or even in how he deals with his fellows in the employ of the Spanish crown.The level of freedom players are given is enormous; you are free to pick out your own companions, each with their own personalities, and then develop them as you wish; you are also able to play without worry of game-overs as there are very few choices that will end the game prematurely, allowing the player to continue even past tragic and traumatic experiences. It goes without saying that there are multiple endings and each of these is a direct consequence of a choice the player will have made much earlier in the campaign; will the Spanish king be pleased with your conquest of the new world or will the Aztec empire be forever grateful for your efforts in their name?The combat system is also nothing worth shaking a finger at; as an isometric strategy RPG, how one develops and balances out their characters is important and because of this, it's very easy to find a party that suits ones's playstyle: whether that means a party focused on long-range bombardment or close-rance aggression is entirely up to you.Truly, it is the freedom in combination with a fantastic storyline that makes this game worth playing. With engrossing gameplay to keep a player in thrall of this game, this is truly one of the great hidden gems within the strategy RPG genre."
,Recommended,237430,26944158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kauach,"This is one of the most serious, well written and deep stories in video games. Gameplay wise its a strategy game with Heroes-like mechanics with some resource management added to the mix. Tactical combat has simple rules yet it's challenging and has some interesting twists.This is really one of the best games I've ever played!"
76561198092479658,Recommended,237430,8656595,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,charles_d_berger,"Very immersive game - the story and text is very well conceived and written, if a bit short. You get actually rerally attached to the characters, and having one die is really hard to take! I'd love to see a deeper expansion, covering the incas and with more complex and divergent plot pathways. The tactical battles are surprisingly fun - I expected them to get stale, especially with the absence of fantasy or space monsters, but in fact the tactical situations are quite varied. There are some real nail-biting moments in battle, and the cannon in just so much fun! I'm definitely buying any DLCs or sequels. Definitely stick with this game, even if it takes a few campaign restarts to get the hang of it."
,Recommended,237430,23241159,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,privatejoh,"Good game.Kind of a King's Bounty with a bit more bite to it.A classic turn-based mechanic, mixed with a good amount of RPG. It is interesting how you have to balance your decissions in order to get the approval of your party members, each one with his/her own personality and function.The story is interesting, with a couple of (admittedly expected) plot twists. A bit stereotyped  though.All-and-all, a good buy specially when discounted."
76561197984055267,Recommended,237430,15111605,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mr. Brewski,"It's a little bit like the Heroes of Might and Magic series, minus the fantasy. The setting is interesting and not often explored in games, so it's nice to see it done justice here. The combat is challenging and fun, and the management aspects will require you to pay attention. Each team member has a story and a personality, some will vehemently disagree with your decisions and others will come to you for advice about their personal problems. Graphically, it looks ok and runs well on older hardware. The soundtrack, although short, is excellent and I often find myself whistling the tunes when I'm not playing the game. You can choose to be a care bear, a ruthless genocidal maniac or something in between. You will often face tough moral questions and your decisions will impact the moral of your followers.If you are interested in this period of history, or if you like turn-based strategy, or even if you are suffering a bit of genre fatigue and want to try something different then Expeditions: Conquistador is definitely worth a shot."
76561198074641727,Recommended,237430,18442433,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mistborn,"I've just finished the first part, and am about 1 hour into the second game arch.This game is fantastic. The gameplay, the story, the art, the sound - it's all done so well.The game sets you up with a backstory which isn't unique to each time you start up the game from what I've been able to tell, but it's written well enough to support the rest of the story. Soon after the game starts, you must choose your crew members for your expedition that each bring different skills to your campaign as well as three character traits that vary from peaceful, aggressive, cautious, pious, racist, etc.As a general tip, choosing expedition members that are similar will make your game easier, considering that a lot of the choices you make along the way will favor certain character traits above others, which will either boost or lower your individual members' morale depending on which choice you made. I ended up choosing a varied group that made the game a bit harder. On one of my saves, I had a mutiny due to the choices I made and just some general bad luck.The game does a great job with presenting you different choices along the way that feel authentic, with very little circumstances where the choices didn't matter or felt like there was only one ""real"" choice the whole time, as is often the case with games of this type. There are no true ""right"" choices, especially when dealing with groups that are either pious or racist, and later on in the game you will actually have to think about some choices because either way you're going to have a bad time dealing with the political consequences.I found the combat to be simple, and completely engaging. The majority of your battles will deal with 6 of your expedition members. Each battle proceeds the same way, usually: you are notified that you may ""begin battle""; you must choose 6 individuals for this battle, with the ability to move equipment around and read their stats before you make your selection; you *may* have a preparation phase depending on the circumstance where you can set up traps on the board, or position your units in more advantageous ways; your turn is usually first, and is played by A) moving your units if you choose and B) Attacking with your units if you choose; then the opposing force has their similar turn; you do this until you either win, lose, or surrender; after which, you will have to treat your wounded individuals with your doctors and whatever medicine you have available. It’s worth noting that you don’t actually lose units in battle. Instead, you lose them from your inability to treat them afterward.I haven’t finished the game, but so far it is completely engaging and fun. My expedition has a total of 14 members so far, and I believe I may keep it at this level because it *right* at the line of being too much of a drag on resources while still being able to achieve a lot via their character abilities.Pros:+ Amazing Art+ Great Story+ Fun/Addicting Gameplay+ Difficult, especially in the beginning+ AWESOME level design - very creative ways they implemented different battle scenarios.+ Great UI design, with tooltips available to almost everything in the game, which was a great way to keep the player informed with all sorts of data without creating a cluttered UI.Cons:- The only thing I can really say if I HAD to be critical, is that it feels ""indie"" only during the few cutscenes they had. Instead of moving animation, they were still graphics with subtitles. They could have made these parts more engaging just by adding sound, music, and acted dialogue. However, there have only been 3 (more or less) of these cutscenes so far, and the rest of the game is so well done that it doesn't feel like an indie game at all when it matters.- I would've liked to see more sidequests. This may be a plus or a negative depending on how you see it. The game creates an engaging story for the main campaign, but neglects any sidequests. I only bring this to attention because it says ""RPG"" as one of the tags, so it is worth noting.Rating: 9/10Would highly recommend to anyone who likes turn-based games, especially if you are a pre-Columbian era/European colonization history buff."
76561198032323996,Not Recommended,237430,14766958,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,agtravecru,"I wanted to love this, as it's a small indie and a great conceptbut it get pretty boring and repetitive after a while.what you can do with your soldiers is extremely limitedfinished the first island but got bored once on second contitnent and gave up6/10. worth a try if on sale i guess."
76561198310193556,Recommended,237430,32447581,Posted: 15 June,all,maritime,"More games like this! I'm a fan now. Reminds me of the Heroes of Might and Magic games of old, the gameplay is fun and the setting is different fron anything that is out there: The Spanish conquest of the american continent. The game is not perfect, but I had a blast with it."
76561198004951303,Not Recommended,237430,9632475,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Mayate,"This is not a polished turn-based strategy game. Basic elements are featured but not refined at a level that would propel Expeditions: Conquistador ahead of it's pack. There is no confirmation button prior to moving, any misclicks can potentially be fatal mistakes on the player's part.Low replay level. The story is not very engaging and the choices you made along the way hardly changes the overall outcome of the game.Quest missions that involve recruiting additional followers are known to be bugged. Many people restart their games because there have no fixes to these problems. Crashes have been known to occur in certain situations, you can read about them in the game's community hub section.The only saving grace is the gameplay itself. Although unrefined, the game's difficulty levels become quite challenging. Generic skills from each class provides strategic advantages when used correctly. Effectively utilizing attack opportunities and flanking is a must.There are better turn-based games out there, I cannot recommend this. Enjoy bad movies, not bad games."
76561198065152188,Recommended,237430,12090964,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ghostuser,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome!
76561198074378373,Recommended,237430,13647357,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,dm.harlin,"This game is really a hidden gem - unknown to the wide public, but a great pleasure to play.Pros:- Tactical combatAlthough the combat system may seem too simple and limited at first glance, it nevertheless allows for a wide range of tactics to employ. The rules are sort of unique due to mainly melee-oriented combat, and you will find quite a few of challenges to overcome- Setting and storyThe not-so-popular Age of Discovery setting is great not simply because it is fresh, but the game does a lot to really engage you in atmosphere and spirit of those days. The story is also quite interesting, not the usual 'kill the arch-demon' type.- Role-playingYou will really have choices to make, and you will face the consequences. You can be the conquer-the-savages type, or you can try and be more tolerant (maybe even too tolerant by the 16th century). The followers characters are sadly not unique, but defined by a number of traits. Nevertheless, you will have to deal with them having their own opinion.Cons:- 3D graphicsThis is an indie game, but I still think that the 3D world and animations are mediocre. The combat is a bit better. 2D art is good though- InterfaceMainly the adventure interface can be frustrating. Limited camera, bad pathfinding sometimes and the annoying bug when you're near POI but instead of interacting with it the game sends you to a journey around it.Still, I had a great time in this game. With King's Bounty not available on Linux, Expeditions: Conquistador is a nice replacement."
76561198063158068,Recommended,237430,24129961,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nazakur,"This game is pretty fun and I do enjoy it, although like a lot of indie titles it does have some annoying quirks.The setting is very unique and the game does not push you towards certain moral choices. You can be as altruistic or selfish as you wish. The game is also unique in that when you lose a battle the game doesn't end; it incorporates the defeat into the plot/questline, although the repercussions of that defeat may make the game next to unwinnable in a chain reaction of bad consequences. Each rock you trip over makes the next rock harder to get over. Expeditions: Conquistador is very difficult (I feel that some missions are virtually unwinnable) and very rewarding when you accomplish a difficult mission. It feels very similar to the XCOM reboot with a historical twist.This game is utterly punishing in some of its RNG events.  Alligator bites your soldier in a random event. Soldier can't guard camp at night. Camp gets raided. RNG your troops have to fight off attackers with only knives while outnumbered. You lose battle, doctor killed, other party members injured. Doctor can't heal party members post-battle, so most injured party members die from infection. Load last save.The leveling system is a bit flat. The classes gain fixed activated abilities and combat stat boosts as they level up with a list of passives to choose from, some of which seem next to useless while others are clearly superior.The combat can get somewhat tedious. When your 6 soldiers are facing 8-18 enemies with no form of fast-forwarding the opponent's turn, the battles really start to drag.Some parts of the game are opaque. Native units have some abilities that I'm completely unfamiliar with (that guy cursed my guy...what does cursed do?). One unit can reduce the defense of one opponent by 10, but on your units defence is rated in % damage reduction. Should that be 10%? Another ability allows the unit to ignore 7 points of armor on opponents, but you don't know how much armor opponents have (or if some opponents lack armor), so it's very difficult to see the effect.Don't let the less polished parts scare you off, I'm glad that I purchased the game and look forward to wrapping up the campaign."
,Recommended,237430,14326030,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Zoric,"I'd definitely recommend this game although it's not for everyone, I mean its for those who are interested in conquest of new world. Game has interesting plot, you can learn some facts/myths concerning spanish conquest and motives that conquistadors were driven by. It puts you in front of moral dilemmas, so you can choose how you resolve different situations, meaning by violence or diplomatically. In spite of that, game is quite linear and as a result replayability is limited. It could have more side quests. Soundtrack fits well to entire game. Combat system is poor in comparison to for example Age of Wonders 2. I mean there are not many tactical moves you can perform. I know it's quite different game in terms of world and reality but genre is the same. I don't mind you have to fight with enemy that overwhelms you in numbers, but you should have possibility to deploy to battle more units, regarding you have more than 10 under your command. Six is little funny number comparing to other strategy games. I know that muskets and arquebuses were quite inaccurate, but if unit is taking aim at another one that stands next to it and it misses most of the time in spite of the fact, game shows 70% chance of hitting the target, sth is wrong about that. It doesn't apply hunters and trappers who are designated for ranged combat but other classess that possess ranged weapon have extremely poor chance to hit enemy. In spite of those few pitfalls, game is worth playing, especially if you're fan of turn-based strategy games and want to feel like explorer in new world for once."
,Recommended,237430,24664514,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[TA] Rofak,I glossed over this game several times before buying it. When I got it it turned out to be one of my favorite games ever.
76561198009587764,Recommended,237430,29328361,Posted: 17 January,all,Letincel,This is a fun game. The difficulty is nice it is hard but not impossible. Interesting environment and story too.
,Recommended,237430,14185319,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,electricnomad,"Marginal recommendation, and only at discount prices.I really enjoy the flavor of the setting and the ability to play according to a variety of motivations (gold-obsessed conqueror, religious evangelist, pacific explorer, etc).  You also have a lot of room to customize your team, which is much larger than a typical RPG party and gives you a lot of flexibility.  Upgrades offer customization but in general there are some obviously-superior options and others that you'd never take in a million years.The story lags a bit towards the end if you've clear-cut the map, and the end-game is a bit anticlimactic - you have potentially changed the geopolitical landscape and it just doesn't register as deeply as it should.  However, there is a wide array of stuff to find, and if you are someone who *doesn't* try to find everything, then you will probably finish the game well before it overstays its welcome.Significant downsides are that the gameplay gets very repetitive, and mechanics are clunky.  At times this feels like a video game about text-based, micro-managed camping and foraging, which is not exciting.  Movement is a slog, and the camera angles are locked in so tightly that it makes long-distance travel require a lot of scrolling back and forth on the screen.  Combat is pretty weak and can be laborious.The story and setting are great, though, the developers are mining very thought-provoking and educational territory, and those are what rescue this from a thumb down.  This is a very thoughtfully-made game in terms of the story and historical setting, and I give the developers credit for an outside-the-box, ambitious attempt.  However, for any spinoffs, they really need to upgrade the mechanics and gameplay - they are serious liabilities, they got old quickly, and they prove to be a moderate drag on an otherwise innovative game.GAME ADVICE:Bring at least 2 Doctors, you can get random events that leave a team member injured, and you could probably get stuck in a tough spot if this was either right after or right before a difficult fight that sidelined your best fighters.Sword/shield is a great general skill for everyone, including Doctors - you can passively block a lot of damage with a shield!I never deployed a Scout or Scholar in combat and it went just fine.  Usually I went 1 Doctor, 2 Ranged, and the rest Melee.  If I remember correctly there were a small number of fights with 4 team members and I either went 1 or 0 Ranged in the crew (but ALWAYS a Doctor).  I preferred Sword/Shield by a wide margin, but I had a few Pike-based fighters because they were philosophically compatible, and because one was an Amazon (and they are mobile widowmakers).Oh yeah, make sure when you pick your team at the beginning that you don't mix and match too many party members with conflicting philosophies, unless you want to manage dissent and mutiny."
76561197970883116,Recommended,237430,11984817,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,largelies,"Excellent game! Map exploration like Heroes of Might & Magic, and tactical turn by turn combat with interesting storyline. Lots of text, but story and character loyalty absolutely worth it.Can't believe i didn't find out about this game earlier!"
76561198013203874,Recommended,237430,25362590,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Lamorah,"Actually I came by this game while skimming through products on steam sale; I purchased it based on the positive reviews. To be honest I was expecting nothing fancy but this game surprised me.It is a well-blended mixture of exploration adventure, strategy, RPG, tactical combat. It has well implemented ideas and mechanics to make you enjoy this mixture while throwing in some fresh ideas as well.The story is captivating enough to make you wonder what is coming next, the travelling mechanics, class based party setup, resource management were all adequately well done.  But the combat (I believe which was not enough) is the part where this game shines; you just can’t get enough of it.A single play through takes between 20-30 hours but other reviews say that there is a lot for replayability for experiencing the alternative branching storylines. In my opinion a single play through was enough fun but pacing through the same map again just to make a few different choices seems a little bit farfetched and may spoil the fun of the game cause some aspects of the game gets repetitive after a while.At the end of the day it is a good game.		8.5 / 10"
76561197988572101,Recommended,237430,31567810,Posted: 5 May,all,WARK!,I played Expeditions Viking first so this seems a little dated by comparison but really has not taken any of the enjoyment away from this amazing game and in some ways i like the way you move around the maps it just came out a little clunky
,Recommended,237430,5502127,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Kor-Phaeron,"I was surprised at how addictingly fun this game is. The party system is awesome, and the exploration is great. But what really makes this is actually the RP'ing elements. Your choices really affect the world, and your party of conquistadors. The options of what you can pull are great too. Whether you want to be a marauding conqueror, a cunning manipulator, or a noble diplomat, or any combination of those, is up to you. 8.5/10"
76561198007509740,Recommended,237430,25562159,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Salem,"Turn based RPG with historical and fantasy elementsParty management with role playing and decision makingSet in an interesting period of historyWorth playing if you like Balders Gate, Temple of Elemental Evil, Pool of Radiance etc."
,Recommended,237430,23381021,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,alsonot,"Great game, really stands out even months after paying it.  Story, Stragegy, Sim, tripple A! :)"
76561198032154580,Recommended,237430,9568354,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,spark.milanders,"Finally a game that can successfully blend genres.Really enjoying it so far.It has that old school rpg feel where you have to actually read dialogue to get the story and characters. It's done well. It's never pages and pages of reading where I get bored and start to skim. It's just the right amount and done mostly as dialogue so it immerses you in charcter rather than a random narrator. This is an important balance that many modern ""throw-back"" rpg's don't do well.The turn-based battle is done well with the shoot/attack them when they move idea. Keep the doctor and ranged units safe. I feel like i saw this in Jagged Alliance but that was 15 years ago so I'm glad it's back. I'm a save ♥♥♥♥♥. I failed my first battle and re-did it, but I see I got 50 points of XP either way. It was just my self-esteem that took a hit so I had to reload. I like that it's not eay and you have to plan well. This game really has strategy, you can't rush in. SO many of the newer turn-based games are basically over power with the highest tech style. This game has battles that require thinking, planning, and timing. Well done. Although only a few battles in I see it as 4 soldiers, 1 hunter, 1 doctor. Is there a better strategy? Perhaps when I level a scholar or scout they might have skills to use that overcome the damage of a soldier. One thing I would like to see is larger maps, the ability to see the move limit on enemies.So it's an RPG STrategic tactical turn based game with elements of survival, plus exploration.To the DEVS: I only know this game because I just discovered steams ""suggestions for you"". I took a look at Citadels but the reviews were so horrible I couldn't bare to get it even for 5 bucks. I hit the suggestions button again today to find that it's on sale. Why not advertise a bit? Get people talking. THIS IS AN EXCELLENT INDIE GAME. This is what indie games should strive for, and at a discount at 5 bucks which is too low IMO you could pull in many more people.Well best of luck to all, I only have a few hours in and maybe it gets boring but there's many a $60 AAA purchase that I've found less fun. If it never played again I've gotten already my $5 dollars worth."
76561198023507159,Recommended,237430,15223294,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This game should not be looked at as anything resembling a historical simulation...but it's a lot of fun.  You have a nice squad development and management game here with often repeditive, but interesting, combat mechanics.  On top of this you have a survival/profit metagame which combines to make a very interesting whole.  The risk-reward gameplay meshes nicely with a satisfying RPG experience.The game has definite limitations where you can see where it reaches the edge of the developers resources and budget, but there was plenty to keep me entertained and offering a firm recommendation."
,Recommended,237430,624358,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Altwynn,"A fantastic game!  If you like turn based combat this is a must buy.  Core gameplay is not unlike HOMM but the follower system is much more rich.  Love the historical setting and story.  The Codex is awesome.  And there's iron man, too!"
76561198030846804,Recommended,237430,31409622,Posted: 27 April,all,Elhoim,"Really good game! Love the exploration and combat, really addictive. Recommended!"
,Recommended,237430,18498038,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zeemond,"A very deep, good, and immersive tactical game. The game is more of a rpg than most rpg: you PLAY A ROLE you got to progress and lead your people, and find the treasures everyone wishes for. Or perharps you are after peace with the locals? or here to conquer them? will you marry a local? one of your own? or end up with an amazon? religious.. good.. evil.. it's all a matter of perspective.. as the winners write history!Must play for tactic gaming fans! you have no level, you need to use your squad and tricks to win the day!-Lost"
,Recommended,237430,13172177,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Vinny,"This game looks like Civilization but also with many RPG features, like exploration of the world map and side quests. You have fellows who travels the world with you and opine in various game events depending on their class. You have a limited amount of steps you can take while traveling, after that, you must set a bonfire and order your crew to guard, patrol, hunt, make medicines, treat injuries and learn new techs. The decisions you make during the quests may influence the gameplay, like players comming into your party or being killed. The battle system is very cool, it reminds Battle for Wesnoth and Final Fantasy Tactics. You can promote your fellows to get new skills. It is a great game for it's price. I recommend it."
76561197969515323,Recommended,237430,14427094,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kyer,Surprisingly awesome.
,Recommended,237430,3736948,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,raixel,"This game is awesome! Its an indepth tactical turn based RPG. And you are a Capitan of a conquistador squad. You choose your squad, and everyone has a background, personality, likes/dislikes ect. So say someone who is Courageous might lose morale if you run, but the Cautious guys would like it. Or if you see natives performing a religious ritual, and ask them about it and leave them be,  the Pious and Racist people wouldn't like it. (I don't allow Racist people in my group. F'n bigots!)Then you set off for high adventure. Movement is similar to HoMM, where you have a set # of steps a turn, then you must camp. During camp, you must feed your guys and assign them tasks, and random things can happen. Battles are similar to Fallout 2/Tactics. The tutorial makes everything easy to understand, so there isnt any head scratching. Theres one really annoying common bug (infinity death), but I guess the devs are working on it, so pick this game up ASAP, you won't regret it!"
76561198021093114,Recommended,237430,14696723,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Alucard,I exploring jungle and find hut. Inside hut I find Shaman who tells me leave all my valuables to his god. All my companions even my indian wife tells me to kill him. Well can't argue with wife.
76561197991803312,Recommended,237430,19583595,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,trevor_risdal,In game diaglogue...Talking to a MaleYou: Robert!  What in gods name are you doing?!Robert: Sir?You: Let the slaves fetch the wine! Muahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!Robert: Muhahahahahahahahahahahahaha!Result: SLAVE UPRISING!Talking to a FemaleRosa: I would like to speak with you about my father.. he's sick..You: Show me your t***!Result: Your party morale has increased by 8.
76561198084595516,Recommended,237430,14419238,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bludkill,"A great turn-based strategy RPG, similar to the style of the old Fallout games. The first mission isn't as good as the second, so stick with it until you get to the mainland."
,Recommended,237430,3560556,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Hektor Hernández,"i expected it to be good, but not to be that good. Good Storyline, well written characters, good Combat (with a few flaws) , a little survival aspect and a good mix of strategy and RPG in General."
76561197985430552,Not Recommended,237430,14657465,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zombie,"The game is just not particularly interesting. The storyline is not very engaging, the tactical battle is somewhat limited. Walking around and camping is just mundane and boring."
,Recommended,237430,14568985,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bydlaq,One of thes best games i played in recent yers. No♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198012070982,Recommended,237430,15512328,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Boogaloobob,"Now I played my fair share of RPG and TBS games, but somehow this one really stands out!! It has a compelling storyline, great atmosphere and challenging TB battles. But what makes this game so special is that you are not running from  battle to battle, as a matter of fact you can avoid battle a lot if you want, but the building and sustaining of your team everynight at the campsite is the part that's different and most fun. That is when you keep morale up and hand out chores for obtaining food or healing or researching or making traps and so on. Also you give out food rations and talk to team members sometimes. Everything has a consequence: if you decide to attack a tribe than maybe your peaceful team members will lose moral or if you are too cautious then your adventurous team members will lose moral, then there's pious ones, altruistic ones, narcissistic, courageous etc. Every member has three traits that determine how he/she will react to your actions. Very well done and very hard to keep them from deserting you.  Recommended!!!!!!!"
76561197971721935,Not Recommended,237430,14674051,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Strike Team Jesus!,TL:DR - Tried to like it I really did because it feels like I should but just couldn't.I cannot put my finger on it but this game seemed like such a promising title for me but it fell flat.The concept of the game is interesting but I quickly grew bored of the repetative combat and the fact that I was almost always outnumbered and unable to use my full team.  What was the point of hiring all those people if I can never use them all?My friend recommeded this game so highly that I bought it when it was on sale but after trying to play the game everything about it felt stale - combat was very limited and extremely dependent on the RNG gods loving you.  I felt one mistake ended up causing an entire combat session to failure.
76561198010707567,Not Recommended,237430,14300484,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,camoboy44,"While I do like the setting and the characters for this game, this game has many problems that force me to give it a thumbs down.  The main problem is that your characters tend to miss more than 7 out of 10 attacks when they have a hit chance at 80% or more.  The enemy characters make 9 out of 10 attacks with a hit chance at 80% or more.  This can make you lose battles that on paper you should win.  For me this made me lose interest in the game very quickly as I lost way more battles than I won.  Overall this was a poor attempt at making a game set in the Spanish exploration in America.  This game is not worth the money."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,237430,12408823,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Drax,"Bad.Game-world feels like a barren desert. There is one repetitive build and strategy that is always best. Tactics look like it could be fun at first, then just becomes repetitive and booring. Dialogue tries to be interesting by exploring shades of morality, but then fails miserably because it's done from a black-and-white perspective."
76561197971641671,Not Recommended,237430,22194747,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Marcher Lord,"I was really looking forward to this game as I enjoy tactical RPGs and am always intersted in games with rich settings, espeically historical ones.  Unfortunately this game doesn't do justice to the historical setting it's placed in.  It takes the complexity of the Spanish exploration, colonization, and conquest of the New World and reduces it to a politically correct misrepresentation of the era.  Feminism is endemic in the game and, if my first interaction with natives is any indication of how the game treats religion, you're either stuck making live and let live decisions or you're oppressing and murdering people in the name of God, Church, and country.  There was no middle-ground.  I guess I should have expected this given this line from the game's description: ""Re-write the history of the Conquistadors: Forge diplomatic alliances with the natives... or crush the savages and bring civilization to the pagan tribes!""  It's still disapointing to see such a fascinating and rich piece of history represented so poorly.I found the gameplay to be less egregious but not terribly entertaining.  The camera in the game's traveling mode was maddening in how limited it's field of view was and the tactical battles were boring.I think the game had a very promising concept.  Certainly one that really hooked me into buying it.  It also has some interesting features and mechanics, but nothing so great that I was motivated to keep playing after experiencing the above."
,Recommended,237430,9579352,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Jinkeez,"I'd never even heard of this game, I only looked at the screenshots and stuff because it was on sale, and only bought it because it looked like something that could be played sort of casually, since it seemed to be turn-based.  What a suprisingly excellent game!  The turn-based combat takes place on a random field of hexes, and although it's much slower-paced, it is reminiscent of X-Com: Enemy Unknown, with travel and party management taking place on an overworld map in a style that reminded me, uh... Well, it reminded me of Superhero League of Hoboken, oddly enough, which is totally a compliment, SHLoH is a classic!  In the overworld, there's a bit of the usual challenges of resource management, research, production, and diplomacy.  Not a lot of any of them, just a teeny bit.  As you explore and progress, you have the ability to take a diplomatic or martial approach to just about everything.  This is super super super worth picking up at the $4.99 sale price!  Get it!!"
,Recommended,237430,13155114,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Aduh,"Game full of crashes, even with lowest rating. I've read in few topics setting your video to lowest might ""avoid"" the problem and enhance your pc to 4gb ram etc etc.I'm on windows 8 with 4gb ram, core 2 quad and 2gb gtx650 and the game still crashed randomly and also persistently.I'd still recommending to buy the game tho, but at least until the dev fix the game crashes.Avoiding game problem/crashes would not be much of help.====2nd Review=====Ever since the patch 1.6.6, thus eliminate all the crashes finally I can play this game peacefully. Thank God!1. There are tons of choices that you make in game, whether you wanna be the bad guy or the good guy. You wanna slay all the way into the game? kill them all2.  There are cheat codes. God I love games with cheat codes!3. There are another cheat codes4. Oh some cheat codes5. There are trainers out there lurking6. This game have simple equipment for your troops, all you need is assign equipments to your units and make items to be deployed in battlefield. It's a plus or minus, but I consider it as a plus.7. There are light romance, wish they add more! come'on this is expedition with lots of people out there and you tellin' me there won't be love?So dev, if you wanna make the 2nd Expedition game, make it under $15 and I will definitely buy it...................................... when Steam give the 75% discount. Yeahh!"
76561198000521868,Recommended,237430,15580160,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,God-Emperor of Mankind,"Take on the mantle of a Conquistador and set sail to explore the new world, gather a group of companions each with a unique personalities and backgrounds. Manage your party ensure your group have rations and give out indivdual chores for companions to do.Engage in a turn based hex combat where you can select amongst your companions to join you in battle each companion belonging to a specific class (Hunter, Docter, Soldier and Scholar)Recruit new companions in the new world each with their own unique class and brings a whole new set of skills to you partyDo you dare to venture into the unkown? do you trust the loyalty of your companions?"
,Recommended,237430,1113190,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Socratespanda,"Expeditions: Conquistador is a game obviously crafted with love and passion. From the moment you set foot on the shores of Mexico, the world is laid bare for you to explore. Discover ancient Aztec temples nestled deep within the jungle, or plunder your way across Central America all the while experiencing wonderfully written text adventures. Prepare to fall in love at first sight with this turn based combat-text adventure-expedition management sim."
,Recommended,237430,3823606,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,TheWalrusEffect,"I have no idea where this game came from. I heard nothing about it. I just saw it on Steam the day it came out, and thought it looked interesting. Now, during the Steam sale, I had a moment of weakness and bought it (which I really really really really shouldn't have.) I'm glad I did. I absolutely love this game. It's got a board-game-ish feel, and it's one of those games that I can see people thinking is boring due to it's slow movement and pretty much being entirely based on exploration. There are really two games in my opinion that dance the line of being boring and being absolutely amazing; Expedition: Conquistador, and Sid Meier's Civilization. Civilization has long been one of my favourite games, and now this game has rocketed it's way to being right up there as well. There are some things that could have been polished better and it could be a bit smoother sometimes, but that's all visual stuff, and I feel either some patches or possibly (hopefully) a sequel with iron out and make this game perfect. For now, it's just gonna sit pretty on my list of favourite games. I love it."
,Recommended,237430,13167201,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Napoleon IV,Every choice you make can lead to a completely different story and the game has amazing turn-based battles13/10
76561198030097615,Recommended,237430,13442959,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DonQwaf,Great game. Im a big fan of turn based strategy and this was something unique with its setting.Good game is good.
76561198074113072,Recommended,237430,31905378,Posted: 22 May,all,ThunfischGott,"Recommended without a second thought. Insanely good resource management game and turn based RPG with a fresh setting, good characters and decent writing. 20 hours long. Buy it. Now."
76561198028597820,Recommended,237430,15674513,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Santa Christ,"Good plot, solid choices, great combat and excellent characters make this game a definite buy"
76561197994668668,Recommended,237430,27900162,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gameologist,"I've played through Expeditions: Conquistador multiple times, and likely will again someday. There's just so much here. To wit:- The tactical combat is excellent. You will be punished for mistakes - especially on higher difficulties - but you can also win against the odds with careful planning and team composition.- The storytelling is fantastic, and every possible combination of characters you take with you subtly changes how your expedition unfolds.- The ""tutorial"" island before arriving on the mainland is so good that I can't imagine playing a full game without it. It does more than introduce you to mechanics. It tells its own compelling and entertaining story.- The soundtrack is awesome.- The UI is functional, though hardly groundbreaking.- Ditto the graphics.- The game throws some excellent surprises at you if you explore enough. Indeed, this is the rare game that - while ostensibly a tactical RPG - is truly about exploration. Take your time. See the map. Once you learn how to survive in the wild, you'll be rewarded for poking into every corner.- Ironman is truly rewarding. It's an accomplishment to make it back to Europe in one piece, much less to achieve higher glories and honors.On the whole, I unquestionably recommend this game to cRPG fans and tactical strategy fans of all stripes. The biggest caveat I would make to my recommendation is that there IS some randomness (more than some) build into Expeditions: Conquistador's core mechanics, and at times it feels unfair to miss that 95% chance. You can and should strategize around those possibilities, of course (in a long game, 1 in 20 will happen!), but players who get frustrated when RNG doesn't go their way will likely want to play on the non-ironman setting."
76561198031230688,Recommended,237430,10496473,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,beerman7bb,"This was a surprisingly good game.  The combat piece is nothing new, but the depth of storyline and intra-party interactions are top notch.  The development of the story does a great job of putting things in a historical content while still allowing the user to dictate the course of that history.  The personalities of each party member selected vary drastically, even past their contribution to combat and camp activities (which, ironically, can be a bit on the generic side).  The party mix and user choices drastically affect how the game unfolds.  Although the stagnant maps can seem to limit the replay value, the potential of learning more of each potential party member helps to make up for that.  Overall, I definitely recommend this to fans of plot-driven as opposed to action-driven RPGs."
76561198071428272,Recommended,237430,10471157,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Del_Grant,"For an Indie game, this is amazingly smooth and bug free, it's also incredibly flexible, there is a storyline, but the pace and the outcome all depend upon player choices - your actions have consequences!  It's a highly immersive game (my playtime was at 12 hrs before I realised there are no voiceovers) with a smooth and flexible combat system and an ongoing resource management minigame in the, ahem, camp system.  Your followers are individuals with minds of their own, your decisions will raise or lower their morale depending on their personality traits, you can pick your group with a certain type of roleplay in mind and your followers will keep you in line.A very fun game with quite a lot to it, but without a massive learning curve."
76561198089989828,Recommended,237430,14434923,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,floboug,"This game is fantastic !+ Spanish spirit in place of the stupid anglo saxon one (a fresh wind for latin souls, no fist battles capitan), good tactic management of the battle map, with barricades, traps, covers, ...+ Music entertaining, specially in battles+ The characters and stories are consequently interesting : choose your politic, your characters, your ethics and your allies. Better if they fit each others ...+ Discoveries are surprising; explore the maps, try to survive battles, improve and equip your soldiers and try not starve them, their morale would lower.+ When you think the story is finished, nein, another map and the bigger story await you !"
,Recommended,237430,18177081,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,FxckNelson,"A creative TBS/tactical exploration game with a unique setting. Explore terrain around the New World, establishing camp, fighting natives & other settlers, and trading for resources. There's great, layered combat & interesting RPG elements. Each battle is difficult, but you rarely lose people permanently. The setting/story are unique but poorly fleshed out."
,Recommended,237430,33551954,Posted: 14 July,all,JurgenJuggernaut,"Score 8.3 Fun and RemarcableThe developers have my congratulations and my thanks for such a nice game, a mix of several things that make a very good game, settled in period/place that few games have.About the game:You are a spanish noble, that has hired a crew of spanish people to explore the new world ""mesoamerica"" (what now is México). The game has several events that can be solved by diplomacy, force or commerce.Graphics 7.5/10The 3d part of the game for the year of release and many other things could have been much better, on the other hand as far as I know the studio is relatively new so it passes, 2d art is good, and few 3d games have or use it so it is a nice touch and are well made.Gameplay 8.5/10The incorporation/mix of a ""world map"" where you go around to explore, talk to people, events take place and the battle maps, where your party fights, in a turn strategy game. The negative part is that we dont take part of the fight, just lead our crew (I mean we dont have a troop of ourselfs, we fight with our companions), the early lack of certain classes with due reason, some restrictions of certain classes like wearing heavy armour or the experience system.Story 9/10The best part of the game without doupts is its story, rich, diverse and very entertaining. As mentioned with the events, activable or scripted, the quest, the several personalities of the companions and so...The negative part is one posible companion is just adquirable if you prepurchased the game, and the lack of voice in the conversations."
76561198112045974,Recommended,237430,13502319,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Noemi,"If you like turn-based rpgs with replay value and micro management, this is right up your alley! This game has me completely addicted. Multiple followers and stats to choose from during campaign creation, hex-grid, your choices have an influence on the story and rewards thorough exploration, and explore you will! Easy setting is very easy and I recommend it on the first playthrough to learn from mistakes. There are several dozen achievements to raise the stakes as well- The only downside is that the game is relatively short. A single playthrough takes between 20 and 30 hours.All in all, I sincerely recommend this gem. I can't wait to see what similar game these Scandinavian wizards release next. I'll be sure to buy it!"
76561198068208518,Recommended,237430,29352892,Posted: 19 January,all,Paul Plasmus,Surprisingly deep and entertaining. Fresh way of doing combat (at least for me)
,Recommended,237430,12077008,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,mr_neutral,"Only a few hours into this, but so far it's been an enjoyable experience. Quite a dialogue laden RPG experience, with excellent writing. The combat is satisfying, the game plays well and gives you plausible choices, so I imagine there's a degree of replayability.Yesterday my party started to starve in the jungle and turned against me. I was forced to shoot my Doctor. The rest succombed to their injuries.7/10"
76561198051425125,Recommended,237430,12241419,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Sckolar,"Expeditions: Conquistador is a difficult & story driven turn-based game!-Easy to learn mechanics. Once you have them figured out, it's easy to use them, but you need to be smart with how you train your crew members-Character personality. Although the characters don't get involved with story as much as i would like them to, you do get to know them pretty, especially when you read their backround.-Build your own expedition team! Choose the characters YOU WANT.-Decision making. Many of the decisions you make greatly effect the story as well as the situations you find yourself in.Now about the negative stuff:-Many enounters are roughly the same. THIS DOES NOT ruin the experience or make it less fun, but it would be a nice addition. Most of the battle maps that you fight in are small,. You cannot be very strategic without barricades & traps which are hard to come by BUUUUUUT, the same makes up for it with it's unique design and terrain. You can use rocks, buildings and other things to hide behind, and use for ambush points! Conclusion: The game doesn't offer the most strategy that it could, but it still offers a lot.-If you lose ONE FLIPPING BATTLE, it greatly effects you to a huge extent. To the point that you will want to reload your last save. When you lose, all your troops get injured and you CANNOT use them in battle... So, all your weak guys are left, and the enemy you lost to will attack you again.In the end, it is still a fun game so long as you play it correctly. I have played almost 20 hours, and am still not finished. That's $1 an hour... That's pretty good."
76561198014281397,Recommended,237430,12083161,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,HighClericMat,"Not a bad game at all. 6 hours in and it is keeping me interested. Very similar to Heros of Might and Magic, but with a lot more micro managment. Great to see a era of history that has not been explored in gaming getting a look at.  Expect about 5-10 hours before bordem sets in. I got it for $8 so that is about $1 an hour - cheaper than the beer I drunk while playing."
,Recommended,237430,12084776,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hawkthalas,This game is in my top 10 strategy games now. A beautiful piece. Hope they create some dlcs in the future.
76561197994049319,Recommended,237430,12132516,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,hunter1944a,"Much fun, all aspects.  The player can often choose to get along with the locals, or help some groups.  Someone in the group is going to be unhappy every choice, though, so keeping up morale is interesting.  Camping is a constant juggling act of roles -should one hunter guard and beef up security?  This reduces the risk of bad things like thieves stealing rations or equipment, but also reduces the chance of the hunting party bringing home food!  The content is great though fairly short, and there are very few random battles.  I wasn't able to build up a truly awesome group before winning, and without any randomness, replay is limited.  Still, I'm ready for part 2, or expansions, or new maps!"
,Recommended,237430,12088650,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,jackfool,"Despite the largely uncritical representation of violent European Colonialism, this is a really good turn-based tactical game. The world map survival stuff is only a challenge at the start, and you need to pay attention to it to advance, but really the overall game is pretty good. Combat is comparable to Blackguards but I actually liked this better. There's a few different story options so it rewards a couple of replays."
76561198011996862,Recommended,237430,12094617,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Black Spiral Dancer,Very fun game and I'd highly recommend it.  I am hoping already that sequels shall be on the way!  Or similar games with different settings fine too.
,Recommended,237430,12209729,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Segata Sanshiro,One of the best games I have ever played. Great writing and you can tell a great deal of research was undertaken in capturing the ambience of the period. Good Linux support too.
76561198055365359,Recommended,237430,34717305,Posted: 3 September,all,JO'Geran,"A fun exploration game, and great RPG based in a historical setting, with mild fantasy elements.My only criticism is that its too short, and it seems like it was over too soon. I kinda wish they at least had some expansion packs or something."
76561198021789508,Recommended,237430,13895654,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jeeper85,"Should you spend 15-20 dollars on this game… YESLet me start by saying most likely you will play the first 5-6 hours of this game a few times. The learning curve is steep. But once you get it down; those extra features make the game a great play.What do I mean by the learning curve…1)MOVING- knowing that you can rotate the camera 365 degrees (right mouse click) or the fact you can use space bar to move horse, or  select a point of interest on the map and it plots course for you.2)LEARNING CHARACTER UPGRADE-  When you upgrade units you can select skills in those upgrades (do you go for block… do you need a good patrol person or a guard) understanding how those work in game takes a little time…3) THE EXTRAS—let person X work on a cart, or a axe, or cannon balls. How much armor do you want on each person… ECT, ECTOnce you know that stuff.. this game is fun (though makes you want to do a face slap sometimes).THE REASON YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME—1)The devs spent lots of time in the story (true historical fiction) some of the people/places are real and historical.2)upgrades you can see… a shield when you have stronger armorand small things like that3)combat maps… you are not always on a 16x16 map like other hex games.. sometimes in a large map, sometime a long skinny one… lots of varity4)you can change you party based on if you want to be a ruthless killer, or maybe more civil (but who does that)"
76561198306479918,Recommended,237430,34440547,Posted: 23 August,all,TheTLS,"I was really looking for a turn-based combat game with an interesting setting, and I think 'Expeditions:  Conquistador' totally delivers.  This isn't a genre I've played much, so I don't have a lot to go on, but this game is super fun and very interesting. The combat is fun, and the dialogue and choices are enjoyable.My only issue is that the game is actually pretty difficult, and the camping aspect can be a little tedious.  I understand that  a lot of the strategy centers around the camping aspect, but maybe that's just not as much my cup of tea.  I would definitely recommend this game for anyone looking for a good turn-based combat RPG."
76561197964662020,Recommended,237430,35183043,Posted: 24 September,all,Whiskeyguden,"Reminds me of the traditional rpgs from the 90s. Thank you for my much needed dose of nostalgia.8/10, would be reminded again."
76561198091887503,Recommended,237430,34847962,Posted: 9 September,all,KLINT,"Beautiful adventure with many missions,good mechanics and a lot of content. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,237430,7603766,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,skyst,"I REALLY CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT EXPEDITIONS: CONQUISTADORS IT IS A SOLID GAME ABOUT CULTURAL SENSITIVITY AND BONDING WITH YOUR FELLOW WHITE MAN WHILE YOU DELIVER PLAGUE BLANKETS TO SNUFF OUT A DEVELOPING INDIGINOUS PEOPLE FROM THE PLANET.  I MEAN THEYRE IN MEXICO AND NOT EVEN EATING TACOS AND TAKING SIESTA GOOD RIDDANCE IMO.  THE WRITING IN THIS GAME IS EXCELLENT THOUGH, I'M SERIOUS, LOOK PAST THE CAPS I HONESTLY LOVED THIS GAME Y'ALL."
,Recommended,237430,10224151,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,reo_swe,"Quite nice little game, although the graphics drive me mad!Not that the graphics are bad, they are quite adequate for a turn-based strategy game. But the terrain gets in the way and obscures your view so you literally can't see your unit for all the trees! You have to zoom and pan the camera around to see, and that's a really frustrating design flaw in my opinion.Early in the game the mentioned problems made me think ""f*** this I'm quitting"" but I'm glad I didn't after all. The story is very good, and the characters you meet and recruit have their unique personalities. There's a bit of a history lesson in there too.I'd be happy to see a sequel with a bigger map and campaign, and updated graphics and interface. There's a lot of potential in this material."
,Recommended,237430,9867609,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GraphicX,"26 hours to play through & complete the majority of the side quests.  Very different setting & scenario displayed in this game which was fantastic.  Menus & controls are a little clunky, but if you enjoy turn based strategies you'll love this."
,Recommended,237430,9938092,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,narkius,"Enjoyed following the footsteps of Felipe Gutierrez and making friends with the locals. Graphics is alright, the music is good. Combat became really tough once the onslought on Tenochtitlan began, so i reduced difficulty to low. But maybe only because it had become too easy beforehand and the increase in difficulty was unexptected. I still need to uncover some bits of Mexico, arriba arriba andale!"
76561198051882641,Recommended,237430,25042725,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Nineteen Fifty-Five,"-Arrive on island ready for adventure, riches, and glory-Lose my ship right off the bat after the governor freaks out-Lead my men straight into the jungle completely unaware of what to do-Lose most of my supplies-Forced to loot and pillage locals who won't trade with me (because they don't trust us for some reason...) to survice-Delivered Bibles to try and make amends with my sins-Attempt to put down coup to appease the gov and get my ship-Watch as gov, innocent girl, kind old man, and numerous people under my command die because of my poor decisions and management-Watch as rebels occupy territory and spread lies to the king to become incredibly powerful leaders of the New World-Realize all that bloodshed and turmoil was essentially meaningless as nothing changes in the long run-Get my ship back-Sail out ready for adventure, riches, and glory10/10 Best tutorial ever"
76561198052884890,Recommended,237430,24418412,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,happy,"oh yes, expeditions: conquistator is very good.why?because it has charm, charm is the hardest thing to get right in a game, harder than fun."
,Recommended,237430,12312429,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lovethang,"Sorta historically accurate invasion of the new world!Pro tip: Don't pick a bunch of racist team mates if you plan to go diplomatic unless you're somewhat masochistic, they will all constantly hate you."
,Recommended,237430,25167938,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Aviticus Dragon,"A really emotional game that will challenge you at every turn while you try to keep your companions alive during your expedition in the new world!An innovating game, the first of its kind.Support developers like these, who dare to create something new."
76561198019907252,Recommended,237430,7347100,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Pitchblack,"Un jeu de combat tactique bien fichu, combiné à de la gestion d'équipe en mission de colonisation (on gère le moral, la survie au quotidien, etc) et une écriture digne d'un bon jeu de rôle. Contexte rafraichissant, mécanique efficace : du tout bon."
76561198067725186,Recommended,237430,21040538,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,hexagon,"My friend recommended this game to me; I now recommend it to you.This is a turn based strategy game with you leading a party of Conquistadors on a mission to explore Mexico. On your way you get delayed and presented with many choices on how to proceed.Battles are enjoyable. There are multiple ways to come out on top. You can make use of your RPG skills to scout the terrain, or deploy scouts to get an idea of the enemy party. You also select your party for each battle. The makeup of the party, their equipment, rank, and skills, all affect your success. Several difficulty levels allow the game to range from pretty easy, to quite a challenge.I didn’t have any trouble with the game. Some previous reviews mentioned crashing and the need for patches, so maybe waiting two years before playing is a good strategy! With all of the text in the game I expcted many typos, but only found one. (Someone wrote seize instead of cease, if anyone wants to fix it)The story is great and remains interesting until the end. Several reviews mention historical inaccuracies, and freak out because there are too many women in the game… Just pretend the game is based on events which took place on Earth, but in an alternate dimension.There is a lot going on in this game, and if you want to fully enjoy it, read the guides so you’ll better understand the interface, and mechanics before starting. You may also fail your first mission and call it a learning curve. Your second party will make it much further. I couldn't figure out how to equip or use the special equipment (traps, barricades, lenterns, torches...etc.) on my first mission."
76561198051983922,Recommended,237430,18831944,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,clarkyrock,Mad!!..;)
76561198073207967,Recommended,237430,14924723,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,gherreros,"While it has a few shortcomings like the the buggy interactions between missions or the replacement of the ""fog of war"" by an annoying camera movement restriction, I was surprised to heard it is an indie game,With only a few small bugs, it is certainly fun and entertaining.The theme is quite well implemented and I don't recall a better way of exploration/conquest on this period.It very easy to condemn the actions of the conquistadors took so long ago but when you are in their shoes you have some difficult choices to make and you can play however you like."
76561198005589228,Recommended,237430,13976613,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,shawnhauer,Real fun and enjoyable. Great story. I recommend it for at least one play through.
76561198003008871,Recommended,237430,28320190,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Taserface,"Great game that is so much more than a TBT game. Traveling the map, managing resources and camp jobs has a advance oregon trail feel to it. Story/atmosphere is so out of the box and well done!"
,Recommended,237430,8603615,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,RuinerCZ,"Texts are really awesome, I can see in my head every detail of character's expression and tone of voice, even without any dubbing or video. Uncommon theme/topic (not another fireballs and orcs), best of both RPG and tactic, great background music (I turn it off in most games, but not here, I could just sit and listen to it :) ).There were few minor bugs and glitches, but nothing frustrating. Developers kept updating the game anyway, so few of them disappeared before I finished the game.I had lots of fun and good impressions from this game and would pay even twice or more for it, or its successor."
76561198210916088,Recommended,237430,30753289,Posted: 26 March,all,mickey1,The game is very enjoyable.  I love the turn based strategy games like XCOM.  The graphics are decent and the game is fairly easy to learn to play.  The tutorials do a fine job of teaching you the game.  The only thing I do not like is the top down view being blocked by the trees during the combat sequences.  You spend alot of time trying to spin the view to see your soldiers.  The zoom capabilities need some work as well because viewing the area around you on the main map is sometimes challenging.  Overall this game is worth trying.
,Recommended,237430,31311295,Posted: 22 April,all,Charles Stiles,"This is a pretty good game. I like it. I usually I don't like turn based games besides the Civ series and the early Total War games but the blend of the RPG elements , turn based strategy mechanics  and a open world  are very well nicely done. I'll give this game a good solid 9/10."
76561197972533818,Not Recommended,237430,13828073,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Daffy,"It's a good game, liked the story, liked the characters, liked the game mechanics BUT:82% hit chance for your people means you will MISS 7 times out of 1082% hit chance for the AI means they will hit you 9 times out of 10and the whole thing becomes academic when you leave the first island, game crashes every single time and you cannot continue. I've restarted the game from scratch 4 times, turned all the options to lowest performance, it simply does not work. If it were not for other people writing reviews about the mainland I would not believe it existed."
76561198044768454,Recommended,237430,7923045,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,LC,"Conquistador is one of those games that depend on you making your part in the make-believe world. But if you do, you really get attached to the characters. When my scout, Vidal, got sick, I found myself clutching a fist to the skyies and cryed: ""Whyyyy?!"""
76561198029175508,Recommended,237430,7496489,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Vocarin,"It's amazing what can be done with great writing, an untapped period in history, and hex-grid combat. Expeditions wastes very little time in diving right into the feeling of being a conquistador at the head of a company during the age of colonization, from the politics to the racial divides to the different choices and approaches that you, the player, can take, and how those choices affect the setting and your team. And these aren't faceless dolls or pawns like so many other strategy games, but people with their own policital stances and beliefs and skill sets derived from a pre-made backstory. They have their opinions, and there are regular events that highlight those opinions and how they connect with the rest of the company. This game takes roleplaying to its core and makes you feel like a leader of friends and allies rather than a commander of disposable people.That said, it's not all perfect. The in-game economy of always needing to buy rations or hunt for food can get tedious and irritating when you're in a hurry to get somewhere, the camping system, while interesting, has a bit of a learning curve, and the ranged weapon hit percentages can be horribly misleading. I don't think I've ever missed so many times with an 80% or higher chance to hit. Also, the directions in the second half of the game can get a bit hard to follow. There are quests to be done, but I'm not sure what they are in the service of, while the first part of the game was very well explained and set up. But these are minor when the writing is excellent, the tactical maps and combat AI are both fun and challenging, and the sense of immersion thatt he game introduces is top-notch.All in all, I'm having a real blast with Expeditions: Conquistador, and would recommend it to RPG and strategy fans alike, because there's a lot in here for both. And if you like both of those genres, then it's well worth its price. A different story and setting from the mainstream, gripping characters with very real beliefs and politics, and the feel of responsibility, or power, that comes with making decisions that affect the company and others in the game all combine to make for an excellent gaming experience.Buy it. At full price or on sale. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,237430,1342534,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,They Call Me El Civ,"The Age of Exploration in the form of a free-roaming real time tactical game.  It sounds like an odd mixture, but it's actually quite clever and the writing is fantastic.  Think Mount and Blade mixed with Final Fantasy Tactics, but simplized so that you can focus on positioning and tactics over wonky level up mechanics and inane grinding.  I recommend this game to anyone with even the slightest interest in either the time period or the genre."
,Recommended,237430,2810173,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Nemesis 2002,"It's basically a well-written gamebook in a very interesting setting, with squad-based tactical combat, and a campaign map reminiscent of HOMM or Armoured Princess. I love it! If some more campaigns become available, then it's gonna be a must play for RPG lovers."
,Recommended,237430,1388293,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,killer_hamster,"Defeat the ""evil"", people sacrificing Aztec and leave a fractured land, ripe for Spanish invasion or help the Aztec massacere the well-meaning Toltec rebels and leave a land strong and unified against forigen aggressors. Alternate title; Expeditions: Between a rock and a hard place."
,Recommended,237430,2605186,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,s | voxx,"Cheap, intriguing and fun. Cidrik should buy it."
,Recommended,237430,7762317,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Emeritus,A challenging and surprisingly deep strategy/RPG
76561198008750889,Recommended,237430,9604315,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ccwylde70,"The game is highly addictive, and I feel the gameplay to be challenging and fun.  Can't say I'm crazy about the graphics, or the continual blockage of view overhead by foliage, etc. which requires that I spin the camera view around quite a bit to get a sense of where I'm going.  Also on my computer all the sounds are choppy and echoey.  The first island was very well done and I had no bugs at all, but ... after the first island, the game started having issues recalling saves w/o displaying a litany of error messages, and my map progress is wiped when I come back to load the game up.  This didn't happen at all on the first island, but is becoming a real problem in the 2nd area.  You may wonder with all these issues why I'm giving this game a thumbs up.  I feel the game fundamentals are very sound and enjoyable.  I guess my hope is that they are still working out the kinks and I can then enjoy the game's true challenges w/o the distraction of the unintentional challenges.  Looking forward to that! :)"
76561198031576167,Recommended,237430,9638749,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,8/10A great indie game that brings back the turn-based genres of decades past. The story and events are told entirely through text so you should expect to read A LOT. The game is tough but certainly not too challenging. The graphics are nothing special but the gameplay really makes up for it. It’s certainly worth a purchase to support these great indie developers and I only hope their next game is even better.
76561197972076777,Recommended,237430,552644,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Jellycrusher,"Nice game with beautiful music, detailed graphics and HoMM tacical combat mechanics. Resource and character management are very interesting, but female doctors, scholars and soldiers from 16th century Spain are plain ridiculous."
76561198007798045,Recommended,237430,8399099,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Marco,"An amazing game, a very immersive wonderful experience.Creatively captures the time period with excellent dialogues, music, atmosphere and overall gameplay. And offers a grand adventure that has amazing replay value due to the different outcomes of events, with so many variables also in terms of your expedition members (who you grow attached to - and who make the adventure) in terms of whether they live or die, or how certain events will affect them.I highly recommend this game, been some time I think since ive enjoyed a game like this."
,Recommended,237430,1811994,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,McDonis,"To those of us who loved to play PC games back in the early 90’s it can be hard to play modern PC games.  There is so little attention played to the actual game but rather to the flash of graphics or racy women.  Expeditions however is a game more akin to the golden era of PC gaming.  A refreshing reminder of why the PC is the best medium to tell a story inside a game.  Ok enough love, how does the game play you might be asking?Expeditions is a deep game with a decent but not top notch story.  Game play options are good enough to allow for different tactics and game play methods.  This variety provides a lot of the fun and replayability.   The music and art is what I believe put this game over the top, they work so well together with a the story and gameplay mechanic that I almost feel I am there.  So few games can take me away and capture my heart and imagination, Expeditions can.   So what doesn’t work, well for one historical accuracy has been thrown out the window with female Conquistadors.  I also think the ending is lacking in that it’s a bit of a let down.  However these two poor elements don’t take away enough for me to give it bad grade.      Grade   82/100"
76561197962135950,Recommended,237430,8801351,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Little Green Ghoul,"Expeditions: Conquistador is a tactical roleplaying game set in early fifteenth century Central America during the Spanish conquest of Mexico; this is such an interesting and alien feeling setting, that throughout I wondered why more games and movies did not take place during this unique time period. The game's historical fiction setting, morally ambigious choices, great artwork, and music make this an incredibly atmospheric game, even if the graphics can be very basic at times, and the initial learning curve a steep one.There are three primary parts of this game: the first is exploration of the game's two overworlds, where you balance party management and discovery. The second is the well written and character-centric dialogue, where you are forced to navigate numerous choices that have a number of effects on the long and short term outcomes of your adventure, and generally nudge you towards being a brutal leader, which feels very appropriate for the time period (you can certainly take the morally high road, though you will usually be the poorer for it). The final, and most significant portion of the game is the turn based combat, where, due to story events, decisions you have made, and random encounters on the overworld, your party of up to six fights an equal or greater number of enemies on a hexagonal based battlefield. There is a suprising amount of depth to be found here, despite the seemingly limited class-specific and special abilities.The most impressive thing about Conquistador is despite some clumsiness in execution, and a repetition that inevitable sets in, all the different parts come together very well, and after an initially brutal difficulty curve, makes for an all-round enjoyable and challenging experience. This entire game was essentially a one-man project, and deserves your support; the developer has created a great and unique game template here, and I would love to see another Expeditions game set in a different era with similar gameplay. Conquistador is hopefully a great first entry in a larger series of historical fiction RPGs, and this is a recommended title if any of those sound the least bit appealling to you."
76561198007392268,Recommended,237430,2441590,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Mogli,"I really really like this game - and I'm a grunty and generally hard-to-please-person when it comes to computer games.The idea is fresh and well executed. I love the idea of a RPG in a historical setting mixed with logistics/survival. The characters' plausability is is very good as there is none of the stereotyping and overdrawing that games usually suffer from. The dialogues/descriptions are really good - I hardly ever got tired reading them, I had some real interest in them, unlike in other text-driven games where text is mainly used to fill pauses in between engine/combat action. The ""quests"" were quite good. Even though one can't completely prevent ""quuests"" like ""get there to get that and come back"", these quests were pleasantly rare and often had some interesting spice in them - You don't want to give me that idol, boy? What do you want to do with that knive?! ...Bang! (Yes, I'm playing a rather hard and proud in his own ""superiority"" conquistador).The art and most of the presentation of the game is so refreshingly ""sober/serious"" and historically inspired. My eyes - grown so tired of stylized fantasy stuff - have rejoiced. The loading screens and the character portraits - awesome! The music was also nice, although in the end on Hispaniola, I would have wished for 1 or 2 more tracks (might have been related with the fact that I spend a bit more playing time in Hispaniola than other players, whoose parties did not die a slow death in the jungle). However, the maps themselves were a bit of a weakpoint for me. I would have prefered a 2D map. 3D serves no purpose other than creating camera-movement-issues in a game like this. I hope that some day all companies will notice that 3D is not inherently better than 2D but just an alternative. A good (ideally manually drawn) 2D map can beat any 3D map and adds historical flair on top of that. But not to make a wrong impression here: overall immersion was very very good, but I think that the 3D overland-map didn't quite fit to the ""serious"" approach of the game. So don't let yourself be fooled by the rather naive 3d graphics. This game is one of the least hollywood-like, most refreshingly sober and realistic ones I've ever played.The battles are simple but nice. Of course there are always ways to make battles ""deeper"", but overall I think the battle mechanics fit into the games' ""total package"" rather well. What I especially liked is that success in battle does not require you to hyper-customize your soldiers skills and gear. I'm so thankfull that I do not have to look at weapon-stats, armour-parts and complicated skill trees. I'm happy that this game is free of that fantasy-hyper-customization. The choice of skills is nice and sufficient. I also like that characters do not get ""too"" specialized. A human being carrying a weapon is a thread to any other human being. I really love that the differences between the classes are not exagerated. It adds to the feeling of plausibility and realism, just like the treatment of wounds and injuries.I have to say I also love that the game is not too easy, especially in the beginning (playing on normal mode so far). Since my party has arrived in Mexico, I feel that it probably is a bit too easy. But my first group ended somewhere in the jungles of Hispaniola. The 4 guys that were still left after some deaths and a mutiny (I didn't dare to click on the boars for too long *lol*, so I had a bit of a food-problem) were all wounded by the rebels and - wounded without medicine - died a slow death."
76561198039625145,Recommended,237430,11191616,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,jyynx,"Great combination of strategy, RPG, and roleplaying."
76561197981943421,Recommended,237430,15853228,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Valerivs,"I was looking for a RPG with an original setting, and was not disappointed.OK, not really a RPG to be honest. If you think computer-RPG à la Baldur's Gate, it isn't. Expeditions: Conquistador is more an illegitimate child from Heroes of Might and Magic series:- explore the map day by day with limited movements- tile movement combat- micro management of your partySo to be short, what's OK and what's not.YES:- setting, perfectly captured and rendered- graphics, I've a small computer and the game runs at maximum details 1920x1080- sounds (you can almost feel the steel and gunpowder in combat)- music (world, combat and story, special mention to the eerie title music, which is just perfect)- immersive story- most of the game mechanicsNO:- healing kinda sucks: no way to heal in a town (seriously?). To heal your party you must camp outside in the woods, with the right amount of medicine. If you fail to do that, you lose followers.- morale management is... strange. You'll have hard time to raise your party morale (thanks to quests and tough social decisions), but hunger alone will ruin it.- camera is fixed on your character, so you'll lose precious movement points losing yourself and taking the wrong path.Fortunately (unfortunately?) to these NO, there are cheat codes, respectively heal your characters (I authorize this to myself only in towns because DAMN), modify your party morale or add rations, and release the camera from the character.Despite these small gameplay flaws, I recommend this game, notably to HOM&M fans, and historic games fans."
76561197970952324,Recommended,237430,16240658,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Barahur,"Excellent game from an Indie developer. Very engrossing story. Well written. Combat is turn-based and the AI can be a surprising challenging opponent if you crank up the difficulty. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy, exploration and a good story."
,Recommended,237430,14867796,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Circumflex Accent,"There is a review for this game on Rock Paper Shotgun that NAILED how I feel about it.  It asks you to play a conquistador with all your modern feelings about race and gender equailty, has a very strange exploration system that leaves you blasting randomly into the bushes for scraps, and a potentially interesting camping system that ends up being a lot of busywork and number balancing.Still, the story is great, the interplay between the characters is cool and brings back memories ofJagged Alliance 2, the combat is fun, strategically nuanced, and hard.  I keep coming back to it in 3-4 day bursts, and have no regrets buying it."
,Recommended,237430,16999806,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sulla_SA,"Very good game. Just one *very* important detail:If you're trying to get the ""historical"" ending, google the victory requirements.The game gives you NO HINTS about what you need to accomplish it until you're basically finished!!!SAVE OFTEN! And use multiple save files. You're bound to run into some VERY nasty choices during the game.Getting screwed out of the ending you want was a pretty bad oversight by the developers in an otherwise stellar game."
76561198068439332,Recommended,237430,16380323,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"The way i would describe it is: Oregon Trail meets Tactical Rpg. It was a rather interesting choice of historical era and there are very few games that explore this time period, so it sticks out. Have yet to complete it but it is a solid game."
76561198039802928,Recommended,237430,4613037,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Toyota,"Its a ton of fun, and practically a steal at 9.99 during the sale, but its a great deal even at 20! The combat is great, the story is great, the dialog is great, and the party managment is great. One of the only things that needs work is some of the animations are pretty simple/choppy. Other than that this is a true gem of a game."
,Recommended,237430,14720658,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Perlavish,This is one of the best RPG's I have ever played.
76561197987316902,Not Recommended,237430,14906482,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,RAGE,"Oops!The game has crashedIf you like paying full price for a game that never left Beta, try this one.  People are way too nice on their ratings imo - quit confusing people.  I'll give it a solid 5/10, mediocre at best."
76561198052286588,Recommended,237430,26461068,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Svig,"Engrossing story, interesting characters and addictive gameplay. An excellent game this!"
76561198048501492,Recommended,237430,7580554,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Tibbs versus Japan,"Fallout with Spaniards and IndiansTHE GOODGreat settingNice graphicsGood conceptsFallout-esque combat systemTHE BADGets boringCombat gets boringWalking through the woods gets boring♥♥♥♥ it, everything just gets plain boringTHE UGLYJungle Sacrifice"
,Recommended,237430,12253722,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ellye,Pretty good tactical RPG in a setting that's barely touched by RPGs.
,Recommended,237430,13908691,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bishop,"Straight out of the Sid Meiers playbook, Expeditions: Conquistador is literally all in the name. You go on an expedition as a conquistador and do basically all the stuff a conquistador would do (in a top down strategy game.)PROS:This game really does well with the easy to use tactical commands and team building. There are some challenging battles and a lot of quests/missions to do. You are pretty much on different open islands to explore, but ultimately you are on a linear story. You choose how to play the story and it is different based on choices. Pretty cut and dry.The combat is tactical top down hex grid based which is nice. It's familiar and easy for an average gamer.4/5 StarsCONS:To someone who has never played this style of game it can be daunting to see the different options at the start. The UI isn't as good as it could be and occassionally I get confused when I'm cycling between characters (since they all look the same in their pictures and names.)A huge con for me in this game is actually one of the tactical commands. They don't describle combat at the start. You literally are just thrown in without explanation and you have to divulge on your own that movement and your ability to attack after moving are color coded. Once you learn yellow and orange and green colors and what they stand for you figure it out, but ultimately a counter or icon would be really nice. You also don't learn the abilities without trying them out, which is really annoying when you want to level characters up.The abilities are all kinda the same. Gain 5% of this or 10% reduction of that, but short of using a wiki or researching the games best builds you are stuck just going with your gut. Honestly they could have done a better job with the abilities and just scrapped them all together for pre-made builds. I think it would speed up my leveling and make me focus more on the story and less on the numbers game that E:C creates that ultimately isn't that important."
76561197979937175,Recommended,237430,30229775,Posted: 27 February,all,Sir_Thomas,"I played this game a lot when it first came out, and I made a lot of progress with my band of merry conquistadors. Giving it a second look, I find that it is not as easy as I remember. I won the turorial battle easily, but I just got creamed in my first encounter with the natives. That's OK; we learn by our mistakes. At four years old, I'm thinking development is finished for this game, but some voice actiong would be very welcome if they ever do an Expeditions 2.  At $22.00 it is a bit steep for what you get, but I'm sure I bought it on sale. At $9.95 it would be worth snapping up if you like squad based combat."
76561198070602268,Recommended,237430,18321682,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rdalin,Great game! It's not too hard to learn and lots of hours of fun. I wish it had a bit better graphics but it's not bad. Very engaging. 8/10
76561198089159129,Recommended,237430,18132013,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Shotgun,if you like turn based battles this is good it also has interesting narative and choices whether to be a bad un or a good one (person that is) battles are not easy and it takes a while to get the hang of them any game im prepared to play through twice must have got something very right its a long game and obviously battles are similar but it does create a different challenge as you go further  8/10 i will slaughter innocent tribes again
76561197979895298,Recommended,237430,19471344,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RetAF,An immensely enjoyable game that makes you really care about the people and the story.  The combat is satisfying to think through and a lot of swearing helps to ward off the inevitable frustration at the combat rolls and produces a similiar feeling to playing old AD&D combat.  Great game and price. Really looking forward to the Vikings!
76561198031149890,Recommended,237430,21070577,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,onearmed,"I love this game! Definite buy!This feels like how a PC game should feel. Good RPG and squad level tactics. It is not real-time and is turn based, which is great for gamers like me who like strategy and thought vs. twitch.The story is really interesting and really feels like a Choose Your Own Adventure book. Replayability is there with the many options. My only real criticism is sometimes navigating the world map can get a bit clunky (like for example trying to find a mountain pass). I can't wait for an expansion or the planned Expeditions: Viking."
76561197970567609,Recommended,237430,20188505,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,keninja,"This was a very fun game, although, it has many minor flaws. I definately recommend it to turn-based fans. The richness of the story, challenging camp management and engaging dialog more than make up for the so-so combat, which can be very frustrating at times, espcially when the game seems to cheat openly. ie. when every ranged attack seems to fails for you, but the AI lands all their lower probability ranged attacks, on a regular basis, I call that cheating..."
,Recommended,237430,12357876,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DZ.Mortred,i can throw an oil lantern on someone and set him and the jungle on fire10/10
,Recommended,237430,31384807,Posted: 26 April,all,dragonslayer8721,Bought it while it was on discount.  It was a great buy.
76561197980885533,Not Recommended,237430,14967565,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,mccafferyfan87,"When I saw this game for the first time, I said, ""Yep"" when I should have said, ""Nope"".I really wanted to enjoy this one, but it was too time consuming and repetitive."
76561198031801790,Recommended,237430,27622050,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rostow,"Maybe not in re-playability, but otherwise an incredibly good game! Waiting for Expeditions: Vikings like there's no tomorrow. 5/5"
76561197971308505,Not Recommended,237430,28535410,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Swiskon,"First of. I’ve played this for several hours offline but Steam doesn’t show that.This game is not great. It’s truly indie in the sense that you clearly see the budget restraints.See, you walk around as a conquistador. You fight locals and make choices. The choices however make little to no impact. They effect you straight away or there is just a dialog box explaining how it effect NPC:s you never see or talk to. The gameplay outside of fighting feels unfinished. You have to think about resources and where to sleep, but rarely is it an actual problem. It’s like hey, you have to think about this. Except it’s not much thinking.The core of the game is arguable the fights. The fights are ok but again not all the way there. The percentage for hitting with bows are way of, making bowmen louse. The enemy hits way more often than you will. The weapons and armour is just called equipment. You can have several equipment on a weapon which makes it better. Why not have actual different weapons and armour? The fortification you get later in the game is a fun add on but does not lift the game enough. You have to go back and forth there a lot. The characters are fine but leveling up and choosing perks is very generic and with no creativity.They have put effort in making soldiers and characters of both sexes. This is appreciated. One miss step on this is the beginning though. If you choose a female character as leader you will have obnoxious choices in the dialogues. The character screams “is it because I’m a woman?” or “Women can do this to.” completely unprovoked. The weird thing is that during the rest of the game it’s not a big deal that two sexes exists. Some are female and some are male, nothing special about that. It’s great.I put hours in to this because I really like this genre of games. There is however so much better games in the same category. XCOM for example. Don’t settle for this, you are worth better.PS: It works on LINUX!"
,Not Recommended,237430,13183807,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Top Nep,"The game plays like a cross between D&D and King's Bounty, with roleplaying, resource management and hex based combat mixed together. You explore an overworld, scavenging for resources such as meat, medicine, etc, and occasionally encounter enemies or character dialogue.As much as I love the well written characters and interesting setting, most battles consist of being ambushed and overwhelmed by enemies. These enemies have the same health, weapons and skills as you. I wouldn't mind this if they didn't also appear in greater numbers.Pick it up if you enjoy losing every battle."
76561197998629039,Recommended,237430,8418801,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,GeoffreyCakes,"This game is really fantastic. It really reminded me of how excellent a strategy game can be. The overworld mechanics really added alot of depth to the experience, AND the combat was awesome. This game is uncomprmising in it's excellence. It felt like each part of the game was really fleshed out. Having party members that can get hurt from the environment outside of battle was really challenging, and having to balance the resources was cool. I loved how sometimes having to get some medicine meant that maybe you couldn't upgrade your soldiers because your equipment wouldnt matter, if everyone got sick and died before any fights began. The options you could take with shaping your party leadds to alot of variety in how you can wage war. I ended up outfitting my party with lots of meele troops and cutting through the natives most of the time, but don't let that make you think this game is easy, a lot of the time I found myself trying to form shield walls and trying to form up in chokepoints with my guys b/c otherwise I'd get surrounded and slaughtered. Running around the overworld was great as well, It reminds me the old school Heroes of Might and Magic games in the best way possible.If you liked the XCOM game that came out in 2012 you should give this game a shot, they are similar in some ways, but very distinct takes on the strategy rpg genre. Is this game is better than XCOM? I think that's up for debate, but this game is harder."
76561198004580691,Recommended,237430,14585649,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dirtington,"Expeditions is a turn based combat exploration game where you set out to plunder the riches of the new world by either gaining the trust and assistance of the natives or keeping it historically accurate and putting everyone to the sword with some good old fashioned conquistador zeal.At the start of the game you get to select your band of fellow adventurers and each has their own basic personality traits. This stage is a lot more important than it appears on the first play through as your selection could end up with you having to put up with some serious bickering once you reach your destination. There are five classes Doctor, Scout, Hunter, Soldier and Scholar. Each have their own uses in combat and in resource management. Also it is important to consider the party make up as you are going to get pretty hungry if you have too many soldiers and not enough hunters. The game is split up into two sections, the first is a small tutorial island that you need to complete before you get to move onto your final destination, the mainland. Along the way you can pick up various additional companions from the native inhabitants that give some additional flavour to your band of adventurers and can help fill in any gaps you may have in your party.Essentially the game has three main elements, map exploration, combat and party management. There is a general questline for the game with different endings depending on your actions and lots of side quests activated by exploration of the game map.Map exploration follows a view similar to that of mount and blade where you direct your party using the mouse around a top down view map. The map for the mainland is large and there is plenty to explore, make sure you go everywhere you can before getting too bogged down in the main questline as there are lots of missable locations. Along the way you get treasure chests to loot, herbs to pick, animals to kill and locations to explore. During the map view you are occaisonally interupted by party dialogue or quest events to which you need to respond. Your dialogue choices do have consequences to morale and mutiny is an option if you repeatadly act against a character's personality traits.At first the party management can seem a bit complicated but once you pick up the basics you should be able to keep everyone fed and healthy. The main concern outside combat is resource management, your troops are going to get hungry looting all that gold and medicines are needed to get the injured back on their feet. When you camp for the night you need to assign everyone takes, hunting, patroling, preserving food, researching and mending equipment. After the first few times it is pretty easy to get the hang of and after picking up a few tricks you should be able to keep everyone fed and healthy. The fun starts when that great hunter you have gets injured in a fight and you have to try and compensate for the lost food he would have provided.Combat is a turn based affair, you can select 6 members of your party for each encounter and each character class provides different skills and bonuses. There are different types of combat from a straight up fight to death, defending your camp for a set number of rounds, fleeing from a situation and more. Different scenarios require tweaks to your party compositions so there is a lot of room for different tactical approaches. You can equip troops with melee weapons or rifles and in general a good mix is the best approach. After combat you gain experience to level up your troops and select various abilities. It is always worth remembering to spread out the experience. That high level fighter is great but when he gets injured you need someone to cover his slot in your party who needs to be at least a bit competent.In general I really enjoyed the game and would definitely recommend it. At first it can seem a bit overwhelming trying to keep everyone fed and giving everyone tasks when you camp but it is relatively easy to pick up (the tutorial island gives you a good grounding in the game) and once you have the basics all that loot is there for the plundering."
76561198006669987,Recommended,237430,17131934,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,[Heretic]Rivga,"Great game, not massively replayable but still worth the money."
76561198010325133,Not Recommended,237430,22183306,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Talio,Crash on startupp and im being told i need to fix it myself. What a shame. really wanted to play this game 8/10
,Recommended,237430,1464138,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Tel of Cath,RPG in every sense of word. Likely to inspire an urge to plagiarise elements for pen-and-paper campaigns. Hex-grid tactical combat with opportunity attacks (in MY vidyer?) and delicious era-appropriate moral dilemmas.
76561197970571810,Recommended,237430,9262868,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ExHippy,Entertaining turn based strategic history lesson
76561198029526566,Recommended,237430,8899477,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Peaceful_Clock_Maker.,"Commiting Genocide upon native populations has never been so rewarding! 8/10, its okay."
,Recommended,237430,2104005,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,It's Clown Time!,All the excitement of genocide and slavery with none of the real world consequences!
76561198025861590,Recommended,237430,7865030,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Klyf,A much better game then I originally thought. I take it from a 0 rating and would now rate it at about a 7 out of 10. Much more playable then I originally thought and would now highly recommend to anyone who likes strategy turn based games. It has to be played to be appreciated
76561197971532050,Recommended,237430,523584,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"""Heroes of Might&Magic"" exploration  + ""Heroes&Might&Magic"" battles (simplified) done as a classic exploration-trade-party game with a Spanish Conquistador theme. Graphics are somewhat decent & decent sound. Hand drawn potraits are nice. Dialogue/RPG system is a strong point. Get it on sale if you like these sorts of games."
76561197984218698,Recommended,237430,10403677,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Medieval Midget,"This game, while reminicent of games like heroes of might and magic and x-com, is very unique. I love how immersive it is with having to deal with camping. I also love the iron man mode where I have to think about every decision. The game gives you choices that make sense and some of which have caused me some pause. I would recommend anyone who enjoys turnbased tactic games to purchase this game."
,Recommended,237430,16040128,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Grandpa Marth,When i first started this game i found it a little overwhelming.Once i really dug into it i came to appreciate the paragraphs of descriptive text and historical information.This is a tremendous turn based strategy game with decent RPG elements.
76561198077713521,Recommended,237430,14875774,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,mobileterror666,"Do you like western-style, 90's RPGs? Did you enjoy Oregon Trail as a child? Are you sick of fighting orcs and goblins, but you want to play an RPG with an engaging and unique storyline in which your decisions will affect future outcomes? If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, then buy this indie game when you have the scratch! You'll love it, I assure you.Game Rating: A/A+"
,Recommended,237430,10478133,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,[50pc.]_Fang,Great Game. Recommended.
,Recommended,237430,20764258,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,LARS!,"A very unique game play, with compelling story lines!"
,Not Recommended,237430,21862677,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,jarcionek,"Not a bad game, but as for me there is too much talking and too little fighting. After an hour the only fight I had was the tutorial fight, otherwise all the time is spent on reading the dialogues.Also, after resting for the night, the game displays what happened during the night (e.g. resources stolen, someone got sick etc.), however all these information disappear within a few seconds. There is not enough time to read them, neither there is any log where they can be seen."
76561198010331562,Recommended,237430,29431770,Posted: 22 January,all,william12123,"While I myself was not hooked by the game, I can see it's potential.  A good strategic base, though a bit difficult (I kept getting destroyed on easy). Easily reccomend to people interested in historical (rather than fantastic) story-based games."
76561198007275340,Recommended,237430,14341957,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bror,"Fun, good game, give me more"
76561198032081611,Recommended,237430,20022753,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"This game is a little gem.  Forgot how I discovered it, but glad I did.  Underated for sure.Combination RPG/Turn Based Combat game that has some of the best elements of both genre's involved.  Not very deep on the RPG side mind you.  But you can be Cortez, and kill millions of Native Americans with smallpox, then steal their gold.  Haven't you ever wanted to do that?Don't lie.  You know you want to.  Tap into your dark side.  Or... you know.  Make friends with them and stuff (yawn)."
76561198012359634,Not Recommended,237430,21189308,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NJSFC,"Have the potencial to be a great gameMy only problem is the number of soldiers in tatical battlesonly 6 soldiers per battle is a very low limit and breaks the imersion.Nowdays the developers are just laisy and use ""balance""as and escuseto not implementing some basic options,"
76561198039798712,Not Recommended,237430,15371389,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Axe99,"The devs had some interesting ideas with this game, but it's impossible for me to recommend a game that puts me in an irretreivable death spiral about half-way through, when I'm playing on normal (and then drop down to easy once I realise the game's decided to kill me whatever I do).  Were it not for poor playtesting and difficulty curve management, this'd be an average game with some good ideas, I'd say a 6/10.  If the devs gave this type of game another go, with a bit more attention to detail, playtesting and polish, they could come up with something very special."
,Recommended,237430,7983092,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lousywater,'Better than Skyrim.'
,Recommended,237430,13336064,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CryonicSuspension,"I only played this game on Ironman, Hard difficulty. Thus far, only 0.9 % of players received the ""Masochist"" achievement ( for playing on Ironman mode ) 0.8 % received the ""Pizarro"" achievement ( for finishing the game on Hard ).I first noticed that this game had an unusual design, in that the jungles were so lush, that you could not sometimes see your own character! Your screen is often filled with green, tree top canopies. You get a visceral, authentic sense of wading through a jungle.There are two campaigns.I think that the game trailer is misleading. Similar to 1990's RPGs, in terms of the time spent, this game is 90 % exploration, 6 % questing and 4% combat. The percentages are off, but that is only because the game is so exploration-heavy, that it's hard for me to get an accurate handle on the numbers. As an example, it took me a couple of days, just to uncover the fog of war, for each campaign.You assemble your expedition of ten team members from the following classes: doctors; hunters; scholars; scouts; soldiers. Each class has three statistics of varying degree. As an example, a soldier would be better at ""guarding"" and ""patrolling"", whereas a doctor would be better at ""herbalism"" ( first aid ) and ""tinkering"" ( constructing mechanical traps ).As you explore, you find washed up crates, containing random amounts of: wood, metal, rope and oil. You use these materials to construct different traps that can be used in combat, such as a spiked pit trap.You have to manage food, morale and medicine.During the turn-based, hex-style combat, the AI is fantastic and has fuzzy logic built in. On Hard difficulty, the AI will perform optimal moves most of the time and make mistakes maybe 2% of the time ( similar to playing against a strong, human opponent ). There is a separate slider, to increase the AI to maximum ( which would turn the combat into chess, I'm assuming ). There are 6 levels of escalating injury: ""harmless""; ""moderate""; ""severe""; ""critical""; ""fatal""; ""dead"".The quests are fairly straight forward and the writing was ( surprisingly ) very professional.It took me a while, to warm up to the 18th century art style but the artist is talented.I love the music, especially the combat music ( which is featured in the game trailer ). The ambient sounds of birds and crickets chirping is perfect.The game is stable ( as a game with an ""Ironman mode"" would have to be ). In 119 hours, the game only crashed once and that was when I alt-tabbed into a different window, to chat with a Steam friend.It was a joy to play a game, with such a well programmed, clean and intuitive interface. I'm looking forward to other products, from the developers. I think that I paid less than $4 for this game, which was a steal!"
,Not Recommended,237430,24771592,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Silt,"Got this game not long after it came out and stopped playing it, couldn't remember why.  Picked it up again this past weekend, now I remember why I stopped playing it.  My advice:  Recruit as many pious followers as you can, because you're going to need divine intervention for the RNG not to screw you every chance it gets.  Camp for the night, bad RNG keep you losing medicine and supplies.  Get in a battle, your team MISS, MISS, MISS, MISS, MISS, MISS, MISS...the enemy HIT, HIT, HIT, uses skill DOUBLE HIT, HIT.  The game forces you to use barricades and traps, if you don't have any, here's your 10 on 6 battle, survive MISSing for 10 turns.  What a joke.Plus, the game is horribly optimized.  On max settings it was doing it best to fry my video card.  Not only did I have to turn down all of the settings, I also had to create a custom overdrive profile to seriously underclock my video card to keep it from having it's fans spin at 100%.  For a game that isn't graphically demanding, this is just silly(probably a Unity thing though).  Plenty of posts about this...and something else I remember from when I tried this game before.   Running it at 1920x1200 makes the text so small it's uncomfortable to read, with no option to adjust text size.Plenty of other turn-based strategy games to spend your money on, I'd avoid this, even for a $3 sale."
76561198007226198,Recommended,237430,17151410,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lato,"This is not a easy game, then again it's not a easy time they are living in. The combat is just burtal, there is no godlike heroes in this game, use your head or end up dead."
76561198012962211,Not Recommended,237430,20820917,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tallowhand,"Ambitious. Bugged. Beautiful. Cluttered. Revisionist. Old School. Historically-inaccurate. Ultimately...flawed.This is a game that I wanted to love -- that I still want to love. But unfortunately it's flaws are both asthetic and mechanical, and lamentably myriad. EG: The game crashes when you try to return to the main menu, and it does so every single time. No matter how well-trained and well-equipped, your units will ALWAYS perform poorly, while enemy units will always perform with expert precision (even if unarmed, outnumbered, and incapacitated). It wants to push very particular 21st century political reinterpretations of the era of the Conquistadores, but it does so while simultaneously pretending that 15th-16th century Spain was an egalitarian culture in which men and women alike served in the military, in academia, etc. Kind of hard to push the ""EVIL-WHITE-MEN-RUINED-PRISTINE-PERFECT-UTOPIAN-PRE-COLOMBIAN-AMERICA"" narrative when you're presenting the conquistadores as a gender-and-racial-inclusive 21st-century-style group to satisfy the tastes of modern, historically-illiterate players... Etc. etc. etc. What you wind up with is a game that looks lovely, and is full of potential, but which is all the more frustrating and disappointing because of that. Its flaws make its merits into flaws, since they highlight what might have been and emphasize how far short the programmers fell of their apparent goals. I'd give this a pass. It'll only break your heart (and drive you bonkers if you're a historian)."
76561197970616511,Recommended,237430,15150876,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,JojoTheSlayer,"Explorer heavy game with Xcom like combat and team importance in a Spanish 16th century era of South America. While the graphics wont win any awards its functional and the game is full of FTL like encounters with choices to make.Everything has pros and cons and ""evil vs good"" type choices seen in other games have been replaced with more realism than is some times comfortable. Half of your soldiers are racists? Well, maybe you will be forced to make a racist decision in order to stay in charge. Want to help out a small group of farmers, but your group is low on food? Well, maybe taking the food by force is a eat or starve choice instead of being good or bad... and so on. Its a very interesting game that is different from most in a good way.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,237430,18335468,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Repoman,"What a terrible game, its slow and dull with absolutely annoying combat mechanics. If I had not played for 2 hours, I would refund this game."
76561198058669506,Recommended,237430,12336257,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Str8trouble,So far so good
,Not Recommended,237430,20945586,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kupo,This game is eh.
,Recommended,237430,8244685,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,NimrodX,"This seems to be a combination of a hex map TBS, Oregon Trail, a game with text-based events that require some cultural understanding sort of like those in King of Dragon Pass, and an RPG where you can freely roam around a ""world map"" in a non-linear fashion. The TBS aspect comes in when you get into a fight and must fight a turn-based battle, somewhat XCOM stye, except it's on a hex map. Like Oregon Trail you have to worry a lot about hunting or trading for food and medicine, as well as processing herbs you find into medicine, preserving any meat you can't eat right away, crafting objects to use in battle (like barricades and traps), and researching ""inventions"" that do things like improve your movement rate. Unlike Oregon Trail though, nothing is linear and your followers (except for your slaves/servants) are not anonymous statistics; they speak up and interact with you as events occur and will urge you to do things or object to things based on their beliefs.One good thing about the game is that you have the choice of whether you want to act like a racist conquer, non-racist diplomat, or some combination of both, but regardless of what you pick the game won't go easy on you. If your party is full of aggressive rascists they'll be forced to work with the natives at times and forced to negotiate their way out of stuff, non-rascists will still be forced to deal with the rascist attitudes of others in society, and the peaceful will still be forced to fight. So whether you want to subjegate the heathen savages for the glory of the Spanish crown or promote their acceptance among the Spanish settlers, you won't be able to get by acting only according to one attitude or the other.The mechanics of the game seem pretty well balanced, and they're rather unforgiving when it comes to things like running out of food or being unable to treat your wounded whether due to lack of medicine or doctors. The game is not quite as unforgiving as XCOM when it comes to death; if someone's ""hit points"" (endurance) reaches 0 in battle then they aren't automaically dead, but they have a good chance of being anywhere from lightly to severely wounded after the battle. This is a major problem because wounded people require a dedicated doctor and usually something like 5-8 medicine per day to treat, with one day of treatment needed per severity level of the wound. To make things worse, they can't hunt, guard, patrol, or do anything else useful until healed. On the other hand, the reason you get such an opportunity to save your casualties is that you can't just hire new people like you can in XCOM. While you can sometimes get a new fighter, hunter, doctor, or scholar, you have to *find* them and sometimes convince them to join because they're all essentially one-off special characters, not faceless minions.Overall the game is a well made combination of several different types of game mechanic that I haven't seen all in the same game before this. When I was in high school all the kids used to play Oregon Trail and start out with 10,000 ammunition and no food or medicine because they just wanted to play the deer hunting minigame the whole time. I'm betting the same kids playing ""Expeditions: Conquistador"" would have their bloodlust satisfied by the TBS battles and they wouldn't have to pursue a really silly game strategy just to get in enough fighting. Because of that they might actually learn something while playing."
76561197995992119,Recommended,237430,23996382,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,meoqw,It is super fun!
,Recommended,237430,12957873,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ViolentOr,"Highly recommended.Very nice old-school-style RPG. Not much to learn here, but system and plot is awesome. For those, who love colonisation era -- must have."
76561198080833647,Recommended,237430,30051418,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,"A ga me I'm excited to truly start.  After a quick install and brief play I came away thinking I'd get back to it.  But then all of the options and choices gote feeling a bit overwhelmed and starting it back up feels daunting without first putting in some research time.  I'll play it through at some point, so that would be a recommend."
,Recommended,237430,8171367,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Demonbox,"Ever imagined how Jagged Alliance would have been set during the Spanish invasion of America? Or how Might & Magic with a more realistic setting could look like?Ok mix the 2 above mentioned games add some conquistadores/natives lore and here it is: Expeditions: Conquistador, a great turn based strategic ""rpg"""
,Not Recommended,237430,21115083,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,arius32,"4 hours in, and i'm still just walking around picking things off the ground, had 2 meh fights, and finished a couple of meh quests, ...it's hard not to yawn."
76561198027179912,Recommended,237430,9243457,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Rimka,"Very nice game, we are in the 1500 and you are about to sail to the new world with your companeros, the combat is nice, the graphics have an old school touch about them, the story is mature and inspired from reality, I learned a lot about aztec culture from this game."
76561198078828645,Not Recommended,237430,17243324,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tilton,Just not very good.
76561198040560627,Not Recommended,237430,17284821,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Hvapsen,Nah!
,Not Recommended,237430,24936677,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cowan5,"Good tactical turn-based RPG.  However I cannot recommend for the following reasons:-All combat goes down the same way and gets repetitive.  Not as many options as a game like X-COM.-The strategic view invloves running around doing missions and potentially getting sucked into battles.  This is most of the game and it is tedious.  You ensure the party has enough resources to camp then go to point A and speak to character X, then to point B to speak to character Y, then BACK to point A..."
,Not Recommended,237430,12085183,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,deadly_muffinator,Dull. and buggy. Repetitive quests and the pointless pov conversations with followers are annoying and a waste of time. Game bugged out and my followers wouldn't level up. Slow and clunky.
76561198007534183,Not Recommended,237430,15115523,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,planning2SUE,"Game is just too damn hard and frustrating, it needs to be just a little easier IMO"
76561198031040596,Recommended,237430,12963209,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lancrest Akiyama,Great game!!! It's worth your money.
76561198122512524,Not Recommended,237430,15331300,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,johnnw79,"This game is terrible. It basically consists of walking 30 steps, camping, then getting some random chance card event, repeat...over and over. It is so boring, i think I actually fell asleep while playing. DO NOT waste even the discounted money on this ignorant game."
76561198051833193,Recommended,237430,26065246,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,S2,a gem
76561198019808526,Not Recommended,237430,16982138,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,jcolladoh,"Bad graphics, boring stories and unballanced."
,Recommended,237430,13281908,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,SirTechnocracy,"Love this game so far, graphics and all that are pretty simple but it is a solid enjoyable history gameThink of it like an Organ Trail for Groan Ups"
,Recommended,237430,28239883,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mike Frett,"I did not like this Game at all. It felt disorganized and clunky, even some of the movement was clumsy like the Horses jittering all over their pathway. This doesn't mean I don't recommend the Game, it just wasn't for me. I like Games with a clean, simplistic UI like Shadowrun Returns.A Bug I unfortunately encountered was a scrolling bug that wouldn't allow me to scroll up; not that it matters anymore."
,Recommended,237430,29556709,Posted: 28 January,all,Bosphorian,Dank
76561197981347274,Recommended,237430,31465099,Posted: 30 April,all,Vygar,"Excellent game, very well crafted experience."
,Recommended,237430,31280736,Posted: 21 April,all,[116th] Nathandeo of GB,A neat little game that really immerses you in the world of the Conquistadors.Worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,237430,13667609,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lord-revan,"The creators obviously went to the same school of probability as the people who designed the first Fallout games - 85% to hit? Yeah, ok.. Miss 5 of those in a row and then wonder about the ACTUAL chance to hit.. meanwhile the enemy are rocking quick shots like they GAIN accuracy instead of losing it.VERY VERY DEEPLY ANNOYING. Don't bother."
,Recommended,237430,24300383,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"I downloaded this after completing XCOM: Enemy Unknown for the third time.The crew management is engaging, the setting (spanish conquistadors) is rarely explored in video games and refreshingly unique and the gameplay is a nice mix of XCOM and Final Fantasy Tactics.If you have the time to play a limited-voice-acting pc rpg then you could do a lot worse than this one.Side note - Not a fan of the camp system though, that was a bit too spread sheet-y for me."
76561198276018763,Recommended,237430,31265173,Posted: 20 April,all,tree3211,Dope Game
76561198013973027,Not Recommended,237430,10332581,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Pacific Lynx,"It crashed all the time. I coudnt be able to start it. change the resolution..etc all the things no way. I dont understand why steam is selling this game. I checked many rewievs, most of hte people are mentioning about this problem. Either it should be fixed or steam must stop selling this game."
,Not Recommended,237430,12231467,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,YunDog,This game crashes alot....top end systemand they arnt just lil CTDsturn the textures down all you like... this game is a system ♥♥♥♥erpoorly programmed great game idea
76561198006529957,Not Recommended,237430,12459298,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,CrazyC,This game cheats. If you like games where the only source of difficulty is the AI auto critting half their dice rolls and your troops having to try 4-5 times to land shots with a 70% or higher hit chance then congratulations you just hit the motherload. The ideas behind the game are really cool but when the battles (which are a considerable portion of the game) are so blatantly rigged I just can't see myself recomending this to anyone.
76561198034604867,Not Recommended,237430,28646259,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,verflixt,"The game has a good story and interesting setting, but combat and overall experience is too tedious for my taste.Pro:Well written storylineInnovative setting (Spanish conquistadores)Con:Graphics are really crappyTurn based combat is tedious and can be a painWorldmap gameplay is a strange Mix of HOMM and similar games, but without its appealFazitWould have continued playing this game if combat were a bit more dynamic and graphics had been more appealing. Like this, I would recommend it only for fans starved for turn based combat games.If they had kicked this strange map gameplay, drawn a nice 15th century map and used this for moving, while putting the free resources into the combat, this game would have probably been a new favourite."
,Not Recommended,237430,13966420,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Soviet,Wasn't that great a game. Ultimately forgettable.Turn based rpg of sorts.
76561198032247214,Recommended,237430,12755216,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Raven,"a nice game , fun to play"
76561198025892463,Recommended,237430,20080924,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cocky Little Freak,Really helps me mend my white guilt.
,Not Recommended,237430,3591360,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Cindare,"This game is legitimately hard.Expeditions: Conquistador is billed as XCOM set in an Age of Explorers historical fiction.  And as far as that goes, it is accurate.  Expeditions: Conquistador is in fact substantially more complex than XCOM, and also quite a bit more unforgiving.  The moment you leave the first island fort-town in Hispanola, you will end up fighting outnumbered, outgunned, and outclassed.  To wit, I have yet to win a non-tutorial fight.Am I merely doing it wrong?  Have I utterly failed to do some basic this-or-that which would make the game play more smoothly?  Perhaps so.  I don't know what it would be off-hand.  To the extent that there is immersive schadenfreude in getting run off by spear-waving Caribbean natives, this game is effective.  But is it too much to ask for the newbie levels to be a little more forgiving?  It's one thing to sally forth into the jungle with your caravan laden with equipment and supplies only to return a couple weeks later starving, robbed, and bleeding; and quite another to have at least some success early on.I suspect I'll give Expeditions: Conquistador another run in time.  But for now, I'll suck my thumb and play something that won't flay me for having the temerity to hit the New Game button.  Hello Kitty Island Adventure was certainly not on the island of Hispanola."
76561198032713360,Not Recommended,237430,25735196,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[5th] GNU,"All in all quite a dull tactical/adventure game.Also the RPG elements I bought it for are severely flawed.Just distributing "" a generic resource"" to boost characters stats just kills my feel of development and Individualisation of your Party (and thus diversification of tactical options) is nigh impossible. Loot is also just another stat so progression in the game loses the feel of being meaningful.Storytelling is also not strong enough to cope for lacking gaming content.The game strongly feels like a casual one.I bought it also for a lot of strong reviews, but I cannot really see why they happened other for cash/free keys."
,Not Recommended,237430,34745062,Posted: 4 September,all,UCoward,"Lots of potential to be annoying.Frustrated with the GUI, the slow pace, and the difficulty of this game. It is designed to make you lose and do so slowly. Thank God it was on sale because I would never pay full price for a game that is this annoying.The GUI alone is painful. From the overhead display of battles/world to the chat interface. It's just horrible."
,Not Recommended,237430,9314295,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Maximus,"Wanted to like this game but after playing XCOM, it shows that this game has been developed by a small team. Nothing wrong with the game as such but I personally don't recommend it because I felt it is a tad boring. The graphics as well are a little stressful for the eyes. They really need to improve their camera control. I will keep a watch on the developers forthcoming projects as they do show potential. This game just wasn't of my taste. Thanks."
,Not Recommended,237430,11280871,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Krax,"after 8 hours of play, the turn-based combat system is the only feature i liked in this game. The 'camping' scenes get boring, repetitive and annoying rather quickly. i would rather spend the $20 cost on a six pack of beer. Graphics ok, and the story is fine - (although i hate reading material on computers - it would have been better for the game to have audio character voices).13 out of 20 is my score"
,Not Recommended,237430,10804810,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,stephen.caron,"I can't really recommend this game yet. Battle screens can be incredibly frustrating, since it is not possible to zoom out far enough. For example, there is an encounter where the goal is to move your party to the exit point within 8 turns. The problem is that it takes a good 15 minutes of attempting to scroll back and forth to find just where that exit point is. Then each time you want to move one of your party, it takes another 15 minutes to try and locate where each character is and then you can only hope that you have them moving in the right direction. Repeat for each round. Would be very frustrating even without all the trees blocking your view! Better just to quit out (and the game will crash at this point) and restart in the hopes of avoiding that type of encounter."
,Not Recommended,237430,9566992,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Duncoup,Am I bound to lose an encounter? sometimes I fight with 6 people against 9-12 and they are all equally strong or stonger than my troops.It is more of a survival game with very bad survival gameplay.Just struggle to get food and medicine for my troops.The randomness is more of a burden than an exciting experience.
76561198071039828,Not Recommended,237430,12480598,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,WoollyMussel,Ever wanted to play a game that's impossible and frustrating on easy mode? You'll love this game. Ever wanted to play Oregon trail but with fighting and no chance to make it? You'll love this game. If you want to find a game to really hate then purchase Expeditions: Conquistador.
,Not Recommended,237430,9592922,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Soul Reaver,This game feels like Im doing homework but less enjoyable.
76561198168862646,Not Recommended,237430,19423414,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,twoodjr,So boring mainly consists of being very white spanish and trying to kill black people and hispanics who instead always kill you.
76561198006658129,Not Recommended,237430,10430127,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Icecream1973,"I truly truly truly love the concept of this game RPG, turnbased strategy, adventure etc........ but this game lacks heavily in execution. The gameplay pictures posted on the storepage look nice enough..... but if you are a high- or ultra-resolution addict, then its better to PASS on this game.Overall gameplay is fine.......... but due to the sluggish movement & control keys not very responding (ESPECIALLY the campaign map looks like NO development effort spend.....).PS: a note for the game developers for this particular game: NEXT TIME HIRE SOME VOICE ACTORS INSTEAD JUST BOMBARDING YOUR GAMERS WITH PAGES & PAGES OF (conversation) TEXT!!"
,Not Recommended,237430,9326934,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Iridian,"I tried this game because it's one of the firs turn based games for Linux and was extremely disappointed.As I was playing I only participated in 3 fights. The first tutorial fight, the second tutorial fight involving baricades and a fight for treasure on the beach. I lost all 3 fights and it seems to me that the RNG is broken and always favors the opponent. It works by lowering your chance to hit the farther you are and when you are closer you have a higher chance to hit. Except my guys missed 90% of the time even when right in front of the opponent. While the opponent could stand on the other side of the map, through rocks and barricades and almost always hit (and for some reason almost always got to attack twice).I am not sure what this game is gaining by rigging the opponent to have higher chances of landing ranged attacks, but it is very frustrating to miss 6 shots in a row right in front of a guy while they are landing shots from more than 10 tiles away and through a barricade then getting to attack more than once per unit. It is definitely an impossible game even though they say otherwise when you can never win a fight?Please fix the RNG, it is severly broken."
76561198032282316,Not Recommended,237430,9995488,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,regordrum,Really wanted to like this.  Some good ideas.  All in all a piece of crap.
76561197970481828,Not Recommended,237430,33191993,Posted: 3 July,all,nosculio,"My favorite genre of games is turn-based strategy. I also love resource management games for their engagement factor.Expeditions, however, has an extremely tight resource management system. To the point it makes reaching even most of the mundane aspects of content grueling and unrewarding.The combat is fun, and I truly enjoyed the first 3 fights. But the strictness of the resource management sucked all the fun out of battle from that point on. Needless to say I quickly crashed and burned. Frustrasted and joyless, I have moved on and won't look back."
,Not Recommended,237430,9808190,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,IdealDuGazeau,Full of bugs. So much crashes that you can't play.
76561198039111870,Not Recommended,237430,9568852,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,nicoblaster[Garcia],"No. Nooooooo. Under no circumstance should you buy this game. No.Si hablan espanol, este juego es peor que la seleccion de Bolivia.(XD pa joder no mas, pero en serio no compren este juego.)"
76561198080912147,Not Recommended,237430,12274101,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,jeffrey.gerring,"Maybe I didn't give it enough time, but this was just not  impressive. By the time the game even started I was bored. Graphics were blah, and the interactions with other characters reminded me of some early nineties RPG."
,Not Recommended,237430,8573472,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,"This game has a very good concept, but long enough to become bad because you will berunning out of options during the gameplay. Might as well go back to Heroes of Might and Magic."
76561198015130840,Recommended,237430,32914381,Posted: 27 June,all,Kirby Gif strength,Dank
76561198007573429,Not Recommended,237430,12701899,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Schlong Daddy,"May I was expecting to much?  This game has a terrible engine, boring battle screen, and gets a 3 on a scale to 10."
76561197992111055,Not Recommended,237430,32773459,Posted: 25 June,all,safetake,"Great idea. But when 30% chance means you miss 20 times in a row, something is broken."
76561198132890650,Not Recommended,237430,29949647,Posted: 15 February,all,fw12,"I really wanted to like this game, since it's such a facisnating period of history. But this game is beyond historically inaccurate. Any benefit of the doubt that it might have had goes out the window when it you have Spanish military units not just containing women soldiers, but with women commanders. The feminism pressure to change history also extends to the Indians, as does the knee-jerk anti-westernism. Bernal Diaz's history of the real events describes nothing like this. Then add the fact that you waste a lot of time gathering herbs and watching your characters sleep."
76561197994518560,Not Recommended,237430,26278949,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GarGaMauL,broke
76561198035594028,Not Recommended,237430,28749817,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,madmike,For a game based on being a Conquistador (hint - job is looting and enslaving) it reeks of the most political correctness.
76561198003340520,Not Recommended,237430,10244922,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,NoneSmith,Overall it was a fun enough game for $20. However it's not so fun when you realise how much of the $#!&-end-of-the-stick the native people really got from the Spaniards and Portugese.
76561198288343609,Not Recommended,237430,25087527,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,sundrop328139,game exceeded my laptops memory----------when i finally received a flash drive ( i am diaabled and in a resthome ) game did not meet expedations. please reconsider my purchase as i would continue to be able to use steam for my game center                                                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i just received word nthat my refund request was being denied---------------------------------------plese reconsider as i am not asking for full refund but a transaction to my steam wallet
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,237430,33830842,Posted: 27 July,all,ORAA,Forget it!
76561197967717977,Not Recommended,237430,31501327,Posted: 2 May,all,chanss,Way too difficult. Frustrating.
76561198087018548,Not Recommended,237430,31513516,Posted: 2 May,all,weldit,"gmae is un ♥♥♥♥ing playable, cant load in to any towns, game stops working. i need a ♥♥♥♥ing refund"
76561198018936218,Recommended,237430,10373778,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tactical Craptical,"It's basically 1 part XCOM, 1 part Heroes of Might and Magic and 1 part Oregon Trail.  It's bloody fun too!How often do you get the chance to play a game as a conquistador?  The writting is really good making the story fun to follow. Plus, it's intense! You will cry out in agony when your best hunter falls into quicksand and you don't have enough rope to save them and the rest of our party starves because your best hunter can't bring home the bacon with his lungs full of Mexican quicksand."
,Recommended,237430,10402590,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wrinklysocks,"Pretty fun game. I like how it seems like you could play it different ways, and that always helps with a strategy rpgish type game.  Just upping the replayability.I hope the devs come out with possibly a similar new game, but like a blend of nobunagas ambition and brigandine together. That would be a perfect game, with the conquistador like combat system."
76561198035791603,Recommended,237430,10293024,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,darthchewbacca,"Interesting strategy game, kinda like Empire at War meets Civilization."
76561198076743122,Recommended,237430,10286974,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jarvarti,Very good turn based RPG that unfortunately has crashing issues. Nevertheless I thoroughly recommed it to all who like these kinds of games!
76561198010530169,Recommended,237430,2652629,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Citron,Pretty good RPG/squad tactical trun-based game. Try for yourself!
,Recommended,237430,11116598,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,望月 紅葉,"Good game, it gets a bit too hard after certain point and you will need to replay the same part a few times too but who said conquering new lands for the kingdom was easy?"
76561198063204506,Recommended,237430,10696773,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soulami,Not a bad game for the price. The camera sux but all in all its a pretty alright game
76561198079860793,Recommended,237430,6935294,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,miacane2006,sick game of exploration and turn strategy
76561198018014688,Recommended,237430,19204819,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,AlkaidWolf,10/10 ♥♥♥♥ Mexico.
76561197997599164,Recommended,237430,20023411,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,cap712,"Good game, like a tactical hardcore amazon trail. Great sound track and artwork!"
76561198005508639,Recommended,237430,19925838,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,krikeel,Fun turn based combat.
,Recommended,237430,20284999,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,fandrfa,Expeditions: Conquistador is a good game.
,Recommended,237430,20465075,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,mark.nau,Worth playing.
76561198033376558,Recommended,237430,20467016,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RelicPlsBringBackTheScheldt!,"Inadvertently brought small pox to the Aztecs,  possibly killing millions.10/10 would go on Expedition again!"
76561197967352274,Recommended,237430,13204515,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bunkalup,"Surprisingly detailed turn based squad tactical combat. Manage resources and troop stats, supplies and personalities as you complete quests. Not very open world, not doing quests is pretty much certain death. Nice to see a game of this type based in this region and era. Great artwork, but music is a little bland. Different aspects such as choice driven dialogue, resource managment, random events, detailed troop customization can be a bit unweildy but it works overall."
76561197979170340,Recommended,237430,20698490,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,amirazimkhan,Nice budget game for turn based fans.  Dynamics and weapon choices limted but good general gameplay and above all enjoyable to play.  Worth buying when on special if you like turn based combat and story based choices.Pros:-Character developmentStory choicesSolid turn based combat dynamicsfree map roamingSome simple puzzlesCons:-Enemies similarWeapons and equipment limitedsome random events annoying
,Recommended,237430,21275267,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,"Awesome game! I had to restart it after the first 6 hours though due to not quite getting some of its importance.  But still, its a slow burner of a game with a very slow power build up. I liked the ending to it too.If I had to say something negative was it was a little stressful at times due to the random encounters and not getting ambushed out of nowhere."
76561198117909355,Recommended,237430,21306007,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,peter.d.wray,Interesting new idea.  Entertaining.
,Recommended,237430,3786163,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Lolssi,Great turn-based rpg!
,Recommended,237430,5040418,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Spectre,"If you like strategy games and/or history, check this out. Well worth the money."
76561198026901526,Recommended,237430,3745266,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,D-A-C,"After playing Expedition Conquistador for the last several hours I have been compelled to write a recommendation for this amazing indie game. This is an under-the-radar hidden gem that deserves a huge player base because it is simply that good,As the name suggests you take charge of a group of Spanish Conquistators venturing to the New World. Are you there for fame, glory or riches? The choice is yours!The game itself is an excellent mixture of RPG, map exploration, character/resource management and turn based combat. You can be diplomatic and seek alliances with natives to add local units to your group and peacefully aquire what you need ... or .... you can cut down the savage  and take what you want fom them without pity!Its great that a game like this doesn't shy away from topics because of politically correct considerations and just lets you play however you want.; as a bloodthirsty conqueror, a peaceful diplomat or somewhere between those too extremes.The battles are a lots of fun (and genuinely hard! even at normal difficullty) and take the form of  turn based and hex-centered combat. The games graphics aren't astounding like say, Skyrims are, but they are in my opinion definately above average for a game that focuses as much on the RPG side of things as the combat.I took a chance on this game because it was on sale and because  I love the period in history its based on . However, if I could go back in time I would honestly have donated to the kickstarter campaign for this game and/or bought it at full price. It really is that good, and is probably one of only a handful of games I would ever say are worth their full price on SteamThis is a completely underrated gem that I would highly recommend to anyone and everyone, you could honestly pay full price for this game and not be disappointed. However if your still not convinced, add it to your wishlist and get this the moment its on sale.So, what do you say ... are you man enough to seek your fortune across the seas in the New World? Are you a modern day Christopher Columbus or Hernán Cortés? Play Expeditions Conquistatdor and find out!"
,Recommended,237430,2143872,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Marty McFlash,Turn based combat with squad management and RPG elements in a real world setting? YES please. Shut up and take my money!  Very much enjoying this game so far. It's a shame it is destined to be a niche product.
,Recommended,237430,364894,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,-=Heleos=-,"If you like XCOM or King's Bounty this is the best of both of those games.  A much richer tactical combat system than XCOM and a much richer  ""map"" mode than King's Bounty."
76561198065128537,Recommended,237430,9632397,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,marioqsalmeron,"I didn´t enjoy a game like this  in a really long time. You have everythig. Strategy, adventure and a piece of history, in a incredible simple and endearing game, with the style of the firts FALLOUT. Of course the history it is telling here is so tragec, but you can made it a little bit softer. and  understand that the real conquer who was able to destroy completely, the amazing aztecas warrior were more than any, the epidemic. Without the epidemic and the help of another enemy  tribe of the aztecas. spain should have not eonugh resorce for to do such as big campaign.Sorry I think this coment is a bit long. just to say that I am waiting for the second part, may be the avedture of: ""Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca""Thank you for the game."
76561197971118263,Recommended,237430,9623847,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,twistedd,This Is a great TBS RPG. Such a diamond in the rough. The TBS battles are complex and diverse. The character interaction is great. I found myself slaughtering the natives every now and then just to raise th morale of a few of my characters.
,Recommended,237430,2624187,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Golden_Duke,Очень симпатичная тактика наподобие Кингс Баунти с необычным для тактики сеттингом.
76561197973080662,Recommended,237430,615173,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Stenk,"A brilliant, well writed adventure  in the middle of the jungle. Gameplay is good as long as you like turn based game (like xcom, baldur's gate...). I strongly recommend you to buy it for its atmosphere. A big plus, each adventure is different since your actions do have a lot of consequences. Can't wait to see what's coming next from Logic Artists, cheers guys!"
76561198006592187,Recommended,237430,9571830,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lurkmat,Mm it's pretty good..
76561198030786898,Recommended,237430,9576726,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,-CML-Pokesmot,yea
76561198046020585,Recommended,237430,9594470,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Yojymbro,"Amazingly in depth and detailed turn-based strategy/RPG. Well thought out, and devised; each character has their own background and roles. Relive the harsh journeys of the 16th century South Americas and Spanish conquests of Mexico. Hands down one of the best written games I have played. 9/10"
,Recommended,237430,7591268,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Hurrakan,"Charming RPG with focus on turn-based tactical battles on a hex grid. Great atmosphere, writing and characters, lots of interesting random events.The combat is very good and strategic. You might fight one battle and get obliterated, but then revise your tactics and try again and you can win with no casualties.It's a unique game, there's nothing else quite like it. Moving around and exploring the world map is a little clunky, but it's fine. The combat sections are just about perfect.I've always been interested in Aztec and Mayan cultures, and I believe they are both represented accurately and with respect.Definitely worth playing if you like turn-based strategy games!"
,Recommended,237430,16035724,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Me_Monk,Great game. Unique setting and good RPG story. Get it!!!!!
76561198210178768,Recommended,237430,16124673,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,sumplkrum,"Good turn-based combat. * Increase the AI difficulty, otherwise it makes dumb mistakes too often.Also, note that you only take five guys into combat. Deck those guys out with all your equipment.Rich story, party options, and events.You can do different play-throughs where you choose to be a bad guy one time, then a good guy the next, or mix it up.I do wish there were more random combat events. Once you clear out an area, the wandering does seem a little pointless."
,Recommended,237430,13164880,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,malstrades,"Extremely fun game, definately worth buying, maybe they can make a game about the discovery of the dark heart of Africa someday or even about the yourney to the east along the silk road?"
,Recommended,237430,13174914,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Vulcanza,I know it's too early to review butR.E.C.O.M.M.E.N.D.E.D.
76561198028355263,Recommended,237430,13464260,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Trumpet,"A fun, thoughtful game set in a relatively unexplored period of history.+Overall, the tactical turn based combat is quite good and the sound track is very solid.+If you like exploration in games, this will suit you very well--trying to find hidden cities and mythical locations in Mexico is a pleasure.+The story elements were surprisingly strong, with each companion having at least a small side conversation to be explored and interaction with the choices you make--more than once I had someone question my decision.+Freedom of choice blended with a certain amount of faithfulness to history.-The camera on the world map suffers a bit from not being able to zoom very far out.-When you have a large party towards the end of the game, managing your camp tasks can become a bit tedious."
,Recommended,237430,13800223,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SonicFlare,"Quite basic gameplay mechanics, but very good writing."
76561198007375452,Recommended,237430,2440572,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Roman Torchwick,"Playing this on Ironman mode really makes you weigh your choices before making a decision.  It seldom makes you think that one decision is in the best interest of all your companions and the others doom them.  Plus, a hex grid for battles is always a plus.  Overall, I've found it worth the money, though it's not the best tactical RPG I've ever played."
,Recommended,237430,13835093,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,abel1717,"it needs a lot of balance. For example there is a mission where i have to prevent the enemy from escaping and the exit is pass by your troops, they make no attempt to escape, and since is not time limited, they just stay there in a defensive stance. so  i have to attack them with fewer numbers, instead of having the advantage of defense to compensate for being outnumbered.just doesn't make sense. I still recomend the game but taking in account that is an unfinished product"
76561198059227408,Recommended,237430,15481210,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Georgeous,Ignore the % to hit or you will snap your keyboard in half. If you are a turn based fan it's worth a pickup on sale though.
,Recommended,237430,15793191,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Lord Danzig,"A truely great game :) A must purchase for stratergy RPG fans. Great gameplay, great artwork, great story, great fun!!"
76561198058769619,Recommended,237430,6087846,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Xilo,ITs like Civ meets XCOM yet has its own style. Seriously worth the buy
76561198031662513,Not Recommended,237430,15645487,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rhornsby,"I like the game but the crashes are really bothersome. I have completed Hispainiola on several different saves. Each time I go to Mexico, it either 1) crashes to desktop, or 2) waits until I am attacked by wandering natives and crashes to desktop. I have sent several emails to Steam and developers with attached errors to no avail. Not even answering them.  I have read the forums and accomplished each (as far as I know) recommendation, even the one to go as an Administrator.  I woudl really like to get my account credited and remove the game, but like it or not I'm stuck with it."
,Recommended,237430,4324554,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Strange Johnson,"If you like dialogue heavy, resource managing, tactical combat RPG's then this is for you. You grow attached to the characters, and if they die, you will feel bad. Different characters can join/leave you based off your actions. Pretty great game. Deserves more praise."
76561198007240278,Recommended,237430,15394255,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"The game is a little bit too long - but only a little! (Which is to say, the map is perhaps 15% too large, leading to too much uneventful trudging back and forth.) Meanwhile it's a refreshing setting, a very nicely balanced tactical combat system, and unexpected depth in party management."
76561198006589189,Recommended,237430,15463205,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Reklamny mag,Good game for good price. I am having lot of fun with that and enjoying it :)
76561198048796400,Recommended,237430,15340734,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,War-Tuned,"Well I beat the game, here is my review.Story 10/10 - the written dialog is the best part about this game, you will fall in love with it! unless you hate reading alot.Combat 3/10 - The combat system is very basic and brutally unfair at times, often outnummbering you and leaving you                   only with 6 max units at all times, It gets so bad at some points your standing against 18 vs 6 thats not good odds, and sometimes you have no choice but to lose... I did play on ironman mode to be fair (only auto saves), but I was between the second hardest diffuculty and normel the hole game, until the end where I had no choice but to lower it to easy, because I had no men left to fight with because they were all wounded from battles before. And don't smash me saying I just suck at commanding, no I dont I would almost win in all the stupid crazy hard battles but near the end I would be over run by the last few enemies because my men have no health left!Sound 4/10 the music is basic and often repeated.Graphics 3/10 but given its not a triple A title I wont be to harsh, it is kickstarter backed and the enviroment is nice and the graphics are not bad don't get me wrong, but they wont catch your eye.Characters 10/10 this relates to the story rating abit, the people in this game are amazing and there is a crazy amount of them to! Not to mention the realistic emotions and writting style.Length 5/10 The main story only takes about 20-30 hours if you only focus on playing that. the side quests and other content maybe add 20+ hours if you look hard and take your time.Replayablity 5/10 I am guessing here because so far I have only done 1 playthrough but I would say its most likely ok, but given the one direct path story line, only your choices would change anything.Over all Gameplay 40/70 or 6/10-Best book I ever played!"
76561198031160993,Recommended,237430,15341415,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Psychosis,"Awesome game for casual fun!  Needs DLC, new scenarios/maps or something - sequel maybe?  I would pat for any of those things."
76561198010683147,Recommended,237430,15237272,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,wangxing8781,"The game is realy good  ,it show us what is  real adventure . we can become conquistador , we fight for survival and slay the enemy . innumerous risks and benefits are coming to us  . but the game's weekness is that  the storyline is fixed and  the nation is just spanish only ."
,Recommended,237430,6075570,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,😈Spag Eddy😈,BUY. NOW.
76561198018396515,Recommended,237430,3160213,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Undead Sepoy,Buy it :)
,Recommended,237430,809856,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,tcaz,"Bought this on a whim, and am VERY pleasantly surprised by it. Very well written strategy/RPG set in a not-too-often-seen setting (16th Century Central America, in Hispaniola and Mexico). Game plays like a mix between Heroes of Might and Magic/Kings Bounty while on the world map venturing around, and in battle like a mix of D&D and Fire Emblem.The characters (you choose from 10 of about 30 at the start, and can get a few more during the game as well), while they fit into classes, are all unique personality wise and many (though apparently not all) have interesting backstory events. They'll weigh in on your decisions, offering you advice, as well as reacting to choices you make causing them to gain/lose morale based on actions. Some are pious, adventurous, altruistic, greedy, narcisistic, etc and respond based on these traits. You can lose units for good (though not as easily as say, Fire Emblem, as falling in battle doesn't guarantee the unit dies, especially if you win anyway), as well.The package is a little rough (graphics aren't the best, nor is the music or interface) but it's definitely extremely fun and I heavily recommend it."
76561198030926253,Recommended,237430,13640582,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ralphie,Great game
76561197992188764,Recommended,237430,1366191,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,razmania,Great RPG!!! Try it NOW!!
76561197970682190,Recommended,237430,447542,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Six_One,"After completing the game I say: buy and play it. The gameplay itelf is easy to describe: assemble your party, travel around the map and have tactical turn-based fights with your enemies. But this game had something special for me: with all the descision making, the different events, the PRG-elements and the different characters I quickly got the feeling that it is  m y  story which is told. And this story had something epic, when ( for example) I lost my beloved wife far to early and my heartwas full of revenge.I played the game in Ironman Mode and I really think this is one of these games that I stronglyrecommend to do so in the first playthrough. It rewards you with a lot of immersion in the fate of your party and yourself.Since I played the game shortly after the release I am looking forward to a second playthrough because of the many changes since the release. I am sure it will be a great adventure again. After playing video games for more than 20 years now, I was suprised by this game: its someting fresh and for me it is the game I enjoyed the most in 2013."
,Recommended,237430,4965858,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Z. Bilious Todd,"You might think this is a boring historical strategy game, but you'd be wrong. This is the best straight up RPG in years. Your decisions matter, the combat is tactical and fun, and you feel like you are really exploring a hostile land. Pick it up if you've ever wanted to create your own band of roving murderers and commit turn-based genocide."
,Recommended,237430,2426267,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Big Floppy,"XCOM meets Mount & Blade, now for a limited time only with an extra helping of colonialism! Filled with all the pointless conflict, racism and general sense of apathay and hopelessness you could ask for! It's like Vietnam but with Injuns!Conquer defenseless native farmers!Destroy a rich and interesting culture!Marry an Aztec waifu!Grow awesome twirly moustaches!Take african slaves and make them do all the work, then behead them when they ask to be treated like people!Listen to more open minded conquistadors comment on the human condition!Fun for the whole family! (Unless you're an injun, in which case it's not very fun at all)"
76561198006555024,Recommended,237430,2377495,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Mephistophiplease,AMAZING.
76561198013534887,Recommended,237430,2848542,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,commandokline,"This game is pretty cool.  To sum it up, this game is Oregon Trail meets Pokemon."
76561198006573232,Recommended,237430,2379674,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Warhawke,"Fun, innovative, old school RPG."
76561198024038391,Recommended,237430,7450091,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Exo,Play it. Die after 2h. Stop playing it. Wait three months of frustration. Play it. Die again but with only three frustation minutes.
76561198061883420,Recommended,237430,11110854,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,callisto,"Bribing a racist nun with extra rations to build explosives.A well balanced game with lots of things (morale, food, personality traits, skills, etc) to keep track off but nothing that will stop you from progressing if you get it slightly wrong.  Failing a mission is often just a different path in the overall story.  Some tasks can get a bit repetitive, but you can also automate those if you don't mind being less than optimal.  For what is basically a 'Choose your own path' adventure, it does it well with humour, rich story and interesting characters, plus the occassional hex based battle."
76561198035108282,Recommended,237430,11155202,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,kenchen722,"I'm really glad I picked up this game and gave it a try. This game is so refreshingly different from the other turned based strategy games around, and is great fun. I rarely write reviews, but feel like I must get the word out for this game.In the game you lead a spanish expedition to the new world. You get to pick your initial party members from a pool of recruits, each of them has a unique bio, personality/traits, and skills. Your in-game decisions would affect party members differently depending on their personality. For example, trying to avoid a fight would please the peaceful members, but aggravate the aggressive one (morale dropping), killing natives would please the racist ones but anger the open-minded ones, etc. So far I found the ""proud"" ones are the best to keep because their morale always goes up after winning a battle, so it's easy to keep them happy as there are always battles.The gameplay really consists of three parts, exploring, camping, and battles.Exploring is similar to HOMM where you travel a set number of steps each day, picking up random resources, visiting towns and villages, and interacting with characters.The camping system is quite original and the real meat of this game, where each night you assign different duties to party members. Hunters hunt, soldiers guard, scouts patrol (scanvenging resources), doctors make medicines or treat injuries if needed. There are also scholars who can research technologies or build traps that are used in battles.There are not that many battles in the game (maybe 40 or so), but all battles are unique and very well designed. The battles could be harsh at the beginning when you havent leveled up or geared up. But once you get familiar with some of the battle mechanics like flanking and class abilities, it's not that hard. In the later Mexico campaign you would have access to most of the native classes as well as spanish ones. Mismatching the classes can bring more flavor to the battles. And just before you get tired of the battles, the game is over! Yes, the game is short by today's standard, but that's what I like about it. I can rarely finish a game nowadays.Last but not least, this game's writing is top-notch and really helps immersion. Reading the event descriptions and dialogues is like reading a novel.9/10, go get it!"
76561197979843174,Recommended,237430,9684552,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sitting Duck,"Awesome game. The charakter development is a littlebit too limited, and i wish there would be a little bit more , but it has good storys in a interesting setting. And cannons!"
,Recommended,237430,9567887,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,OfNewMoon,"This tactictal-strategy gem was made with love by a Spanish studio who's proud of their heritage.  These brave conquistador's adventure is filled with spunky characters, ambient events, game-altering choices, and a verdant mezo-American world to explore.  No other game captures the feel of an expedition like this.  I would't call it a stretch to say this game should be the new Oregon Trail."
76561198014901969,Recommended,237430,7302941,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,(WmC) Irondibble,Xcom reformatted
76561198033297176,Recommended,237430,9807983,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,daviesian1968,"I bought this game when it was on offer, not expecting a great deal. I was wrong. I've only scratched the surface at the moment and am struggling to keep my followers alive due to a lack of rations. As a result I had to attack a village and slaughter the people there to obtain their food. I didn't want to but it was either that or starve. Do you want to be a killer or a pacifist? The game gives you those choices but morals don't mean a great deal when your people are starving. And you will learn to care about your people. Some you will like and some you won't. I've played role playing games before but something about this gives you a bit extra. Great game well worth the money"
,Recommended,237430,21035739,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ľubomír,"This is an old-school PC game, with lot of saving/reloading. It consists of Heroes-like overland map and Fallout-like combat and dialogues. There's lot of adrenaline battles, as when your last expedition member succumbs to the last surviving enemy, or there is one last enemy alive when time's out. Combat is never repetitive, as environment, day cycle, number/type of enemies and goals always change (kill everyone, survive for certain number of turns, get to the escape zone or kill everyone in limited number of turns). There are plenty of nasty random events on the overland map that add spice to the gameplay and can be fatal sometimes. I was outraged by this game at first (because it is so different from today's typical Steam offering), but believe me, it's a gem!"
,Recommended,237430,21965262,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,michalooo,Great game with solid turn based fights and decent writing. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,237430,22012246,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Broguts,"This game makes you feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There are dilemmas that stretch from the plot to the game's mechanics themselves. This game doesn't have ""Moral Choices"" this is the new world, there is no morality, only survival. You constantly have to be making decisions in this game that kill people, and most of the time it's up to you if those people are part of your party, or the locals. You're gonna feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by this game's conclusion, because being nice is just not pragmatic. Many of the hardest hitting moments in this game are non-scripted events, you may lose your best soldier to disease or desertion. You may have several random conversations with another soldier under your command, learn about their life, their family back in Spain, and then lose them to a native ambush. Maybe you really wanted to tend to everyone's wounds but you have three wounded men and only enough medicine for two.In most other games, the moral choices are usually nothing more than fodder for repeat playthroughs, they might effect the plot or maybe your character's appearance, but the moral choices in this game always tie directly into the game's mechanics, maybe you really do want to be the generous savior of all the people, but if you gave that starving village some food you would be left with none of your own. I always felt like each choice actually mattered, but not in some telltale games way where characters react to me differently, each choice mattered because it was the difference between being alive and guilty, or dead and innocent."
76561198068163643,Recommended,237430,25501442,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Darkpumpkin21,"This game has a very interesting story and the fun of exploring an unknown world, looking for secrets with your crew. The combat is good as well. Not the best or the selling point, but strong enough that it doesn't get stale bad. The game is a tad on the shorter side, especially if you rush through, and the replayablity is limited due to 2 different stances. Kill the natives, or befriend them. For $20 I think it is well worth the price."
,Recommended,237430,1405518,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,-TSF- AcE,"Expeditions Conquistador is a great game that make you realy feal like your are setling the new world .well made , well made"
76561198000730550,Recommended,237430,1996212,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,cz,It's an underrecognized gem. Play it!!
76561198066883715,Recommended,237430,28148978,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,malkavlad360,"Suprisingly difficult, but I loved how creative it was, otherwise it probably wouldn't have stood out to me from the other strategy-RPGs on the market. There's a racism stat??? Wacky"
76561198068996121,Recommended,237430,28575165,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,matthew.homa,Not bad overall. It feel a bit clunky when moving your group around on the overall map though.
76561198135278272,Recommended,237430,28175409,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hahalaweb,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ man this game really is good, makes you think about how you attack and play, always a reward and curse to everything you do, and gives a nice brief history of the spanish conquistadors.I personally highly recommend this game i didnt even knew it existed till i saw it in the sale..."
,Recommended,237430,27715421,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,anjoviskoi,"Without spoiling too much, the gloomy realism of this game got the better of me: I could not finish this game, for the game is not glorify the expeditions. There are no rewards for being goody two shoes, often helping others comes at the cost of your own survival. It's like XCOM, but instead of saving the humanity you inadvertedly keep doing the opposite.What this translates to: it's great, go play it."
76561198038131452,Recommended,237430,27406397,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sunlord2010,"I liked the challenge of multiple followers having their own goals that was secondary to the main quest. Combat was a distinct challenge from environments, various opponents and in-fighting between supporting characters. The Developers made a distinct choice of a time period of 16th century, with a focus of fame, fortune, and use of diplomacy. It is an addictive game worth playing."
76561198118310475,Recommended,237430,27863249,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hiphoploco,"Fantastic game!Great story. Heroes & their relations are vastly affected by their personalities. Story driven but there are many different way to complete. Very addictive & competitive, party management is essential. Lots of side quests. I completed the game 3 times in a row to invent new strategies & tried different parties. Even your protagonist can change story :-) Highly replayable. Heroes of Might & Magic & King's Bounty fans will enjoy this. Buy it and you won't regret."
76561198210959163,Recommended,237430,33055452,Posted: 30 June,all,shadowvirg1,Very fun game. I love the setting and writting. Hoping to see more games like this.
76561198045171622,Recommended,237430,33309918,Posted: 6 July,all,stevenboekel,"This game has a great premise, haven't seen other games in this timeperiod and i love the way you can make your own, sometimes truly humorously written decisions in this RPG.The downsides for me are that, when i compare it to XCOM enemy unknown the turn based combat isn't quite as good, the way hit chances work for ranged attacks isn't explained point by point so although you can use your common sense to figure it out (like moving closer) it's just mildly more frustrating then XCOM. Also you dont really know what counts as half cover, full cover etc. Again common sense does usually make it possible to figure out but not always, sometimes i think a rock is big enough to provide full cover but no. Make no mistake though i found all the fights in Hispaniola to be quite fun (haven't been to Mexico yet). Things like traps and such can also spice things up.The good thing about this game though is that unlike in XCOM where i spent like 80% of my time in fights it was only 30-40% of my time in expeditions. The rest of the time im moving around on the map (which i find pretty) gathering food, exploring, making medicine etc. and making decisions when i for instance find some pirates whom can be dealt with in a variety of ways. I've seen some comments of people who find this a chore but most things in camp can be auto resolved like handing out food, setting people to do guard or hunting duty, processing herbs into medicine so it really isn't like you have to spend a lot of time doing that if you don't want to. You can also grab extra food, materials and herbs on the map but if you just grab some stuff if it's close to the road when you're travelling you should be fine.You can also trade between settlements, it's not too complex with only 4 things you can trade (valuables, rations, medicine and equipment) but it works decently and the system makes sense so you can also make money that way. The main problems i have with this is that you really want to have a good guarding group (75% at the least) or you will lose A LOT of stuff to thieves sometimes. I seriously lost 1300 valuables to thieves a few times.Like i said earlier the story and your companions and the way their personalities clash is quite interesting and unique but it's sad that i don't really see a lot of character progression so far. I've heard that there originally wasn't  a lot of money for this project so you can see the potential for this but it sadly wasnt completelyt implemented which stops it from becoming an awesome game. You may want to be careful not to take too many contrasting personalities with you because they can apparently desert you if their morale gets too low but i generally take good care of my team which isn't too hard you win fights often and don't act like a total♥♥♥♥♥♥(sometimes it's funny to do just that but it usually comes to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥later.)All things considered i find this to be a very decent game, definitely worth the 5 euro's it cost me during summer sale but looking back i would also  buy it for 10-15 euro's and quite possibly the 20 euro's it is usually. If you are a fan of turn based combat or like reading RPG's but hate all of the stuff surrounding it i would suggest buying it at a discount but this title is definitely one worth your consideration to try and see if it strikes your fancy when it's on discount."
76561198077622398,Recommended,237430,33344552,Posted: 7 July,all,Sohamkar,The expeditions Conquistador is an awesome game. Even after release of the Expedition Vikings the charm of the old game has not been broken. I have played it after taking some time with the Vikings and yet I loved it. Even now there is some bugs here and there but none of them are game breaking. I hope the devs will relook into this old wine and hopefully give it a expansion or DLC because there is much to conquer in the new world!!
,Recommended,237430,33411447,Posted: 9 July,all,Hmmm! Bánh cuốn!,"Good writing and nice mechanics so far. It's a bit like a story-driven small-scale Heroes of M&M, or a turn by turn Mount & Blade with nifty adventure books elements thrown into the mix.Plus, there's a guy who styles himself El Maestro del Chorizo, so there's that."
76561198019375244,Recommended,237430,3240644,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,bowfling44,"Very enjoyable turn-based Party-managed exploration and combat game, with good mix of historical flavor."
76561197972754700,Recommended,237430,17746326,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Disney Toy Unboxing,A really fun turn based game where you create your own group of conquistadors and set sail to explore and conquer the new world.
76561198020921666,Recommended,237430,28734338,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Diddly Squat,"I'm on my 3rd restart with this, why? because I learned a few things and decided to restart to impliment them, I think thats one of the keys here. The game can be time consuming as there is a lot of area to explore but, that's what I was hoping for when I bought it. There is some micro-management with your AI troops and that pretty good also. The graphics are not fantastic but good, the gameplay makes up for the average graphics. This is not something that can be done in a few days, at least not if you plan on playing for enjoyment. A big thing I learned is, this is a game where you save often, even if no natives are around, events can happen when you camp for the night, saving may save a lot of future problems, especially if you lose people in a battle.The more I play this the more I like it. I use a triple monitor system but run this on a single monitor, I think the aspect ratio may be off with 3 screens but I'm going to try it again as having 3 screens in this game is a big help for the player. This is more then worth the sale price of $5 but even at full price most will be happy, IMO."
76561198029684842,Recommended,237430,29107182,Posted: 7 January,all,Eliodoloro,"It is a pretty good game. Interesting turn-based combat, interesting camping mechanics and party-management, but some aspects (exploration) are rather repetative. Unit experience is also party-wide set amounts per battle, rather than individual. Overall, it is an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,237430,28886865,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,A White Guy,"A very good Exploration and Adventure game that makes me reminisce of Adventure games like Sid Meier's Pirates, or Escape Velocity."
76561198294110656,Recommended,237430,29664727,Posted: 3 February,all,karoocowboy,"this wonderfully challenging, well written game also shows how easily enlightenment values can be discarded for material gain.  my first party was peaceful, openminded and altruistic. after 2 hours of prancing through the jungle i somewhat scornfully deleted them from existence. now the jungle trembles before my posse of racist, narcissistic aggressive, pious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.   yes, i do feel a little guilty..."
,Recommended,237430,29542807,Posted: 28 January,all,go_oh,"Enjoyable turn based strategy game set in Conquistador Mexico. The game has solid mechanics and graphics. Only the skill system could be better to allow for more interesting character builds. Combat is fun and requires some strategic thinking. The story is okay and various decision points allow you to make it your own. However, I would have enjoyed if the smaller decisions had more impact. There is two factions which you can side with that alter how the game unfolds. There is side stories based on which characters you picked, but they are not worth mentioning. After having finished the game once, I am not sure I willing to replay the other faction though, as there will likely be a lot of repetition.But recommended anyways."
