user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,237630,3625448,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,DoctorQuinn,"DuckTales! Woo-oo!The immortal classics have returned - with exactly the same gaming experience covered in perfectly remade visuals. Nothing less, nothing more. And if you feel like missing those good ol' times, this one would definitely do the trick."
76561197993891197,Not Recommended,237630,18849856,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"I’m downvoting this game with extreme prejudice because it has a crash bug which has been left unaddressed for over a year: players who have Nvidia cards with up-to-date drivers will find that the game will always freeze on the final boss. It seems that some recent version of Nvidia drivers broke some graphic effects in late-game cutscenes. Unfortunately, the rights to this game are a royal cluster of bureaucracy between Disney, CAPCOM, and WayForward, and nobody seems interested in addressing the issue, or even acknowledging that this game exists anymore. Basically, if you don’t have access to a PC without an Nvidia card, do not buy this game, as you will not be able to finish it without skipping specific cutscenes and using weird workarounds.Aside from that unforgivable issue, the game is okay. It is a decent remix of the original DuckTales NES game, and is sure to bring waves of nostalgia to anyone who has fond memories of it. For the unfamiliar, DuckTales is a barebones, unremarkable platformer where the main gimmick is that you can bounce around on a pogo stick which can break bricks, defeat enemies, and cross dangerous terrain – think of Shovel Knight’s down-stab attack, but one that works nearly anywhere and not just on top of enemies.But the game is certainly is a “remix” and very much not the same game as it used to be. Imagine the differences between Super Mario Bros. 3 and New Super Mario Bros, and you'll get a decent idea of how this game has been updated. Differences include:- Save points! Unlike the NES game, you can save your game between levels and come back later (unless you’re an achievement hunter playing Extreme difficulty, in which case you’ll have to beat the whole game in one sitting anyway… sorry!).- Greatly improved controls which make it much easier to master the pogo stick.- Large changes in level design which make them easier, but the addition of more fetch quests make them longer.- Bosses are harder and longer with the addition of long unskippable invulnerability periods.- Some plot events have been removed, such as the Transylvania detour in the mines level, and the paywall in the Amazon level.- Money collected in-game is more than just score, and can be spent on gallery unlocks.The new sprite animations are absolutely adorable, and the soundtrack by Jake Kaufman (composer for Shovel Knight and the Shantae series) is just epic – the soundtrack alone is, in my opinion, worth more than the price of the game.  But it seems that this game’s main draw is its storytelling and voice acting – several of the voice actors from the DuckTales TV show have returned to voice the characters, and the levels play out like an episode of the show with numerous cutscenes. This is where the game somewhat fell flat to me. Although the scripted cutscenes obviously had a lot of heart put into them, I found them mostly annoying, pointless, and not nearly as funny or clever as the show they try so hard to pay tribute to. After seeing each cutscene once, I saw no reason not to just slam on the “skip cinematic” button on all subsequent playthroughs, and that makes me a bit sad, because I feel like that’s where most of the charm of this remake is supposed to be coming from.Final verdict: don’t buy, because we PC gamers need to put pressure and accountability on the corporate red tape which prevents developers from supporting the games they make. Talk with your wallet, as they say, because that’s the only way they’ll listen. Leaving a reproducible crash bug that prevents the game from being completed, especially near the end of the game when refunds aren’t available anymore, is simply unacceptable for everyone involved.But if you want to ignore me and buy the game anyway, keep in mind that this is a game meant to be played with nostalgia goggles firmly glued to your face. If you’re a huge fan of the original NES game, then you’ll probably love this from beginning to end. But if you’ve never played DuckTales before, you might find the level design to be a bit empty, tedious, and pointless – you’d probably get more overall joy out of Shovel Knight. It’s not a terrible game by any means, but if you're a newcomer to the game then it probably won't blow you away."
,Recommended,237630,10507350,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"DuckTales: Remastered is a remastering of the original DuckTales game with the original cast and voice actors.I played this game for 7 hours, and found it to be incredibly, incredibly difficult.First, I'll briefly talk about the game itself. I played on a controller and the controls were tight and responsive, easy to use and very fun. The game was bright, colourful and looks beautiful, they've done a great job remastering the scenes and levels. The gameplay is very classic and enjoyable, and the story whimsical and fun.Next, and just for a moment, I'll talk about the voice actors. One of the big draws of the game is that the original audio has been remastered by re-recording using the original cast of the original DuckTales game. This, at times, is pretty cool! But, after a while, I felt that the voice of Scrooge McDuck to just be a little ""too old"". Like, I know that sounds mean, but some of the lines seemed very strained and some incomprehensible without subtitles. While awesome to have the original voice actor back, I feel this drained a little of the vibrant colour from the game, for me.And now, I'll discuss the difficulty of the game. My god this game is hard. Of the 7 hours I played, at least 3-4 were spent on the last level. The game uses a Lives system which, if you run out of, it's game over. Start again. Not the game, but the level.The final level of the game takes about 20+ minutes to complete. If you run out of lives, on the final bossfight, you have to re-do the entire level again. I have never been so frustrated by something that I felt, while playing, should be so easy. Many controller slams were had. But, in a good way. In an I WILL COMPLETE THIS I SWEAR TO GOD way, which so many games wish they could achieve in this day and age. If you're up to a challenge, this is the game for you. Trust me.Oh, did I mention I completed it on Normal mode? Yeah. There's a Hard Mode too. I couldn't even imagine completing Hard Mode.Oh, and after Hard Mode, there's Extreme Mode.Highly recommended for gamers who like a challenge.Nilesy"
,Not Recommended,237630,19542757,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Jinx,"I hate to downvote this game, but itfreezes on the end boss for a lot of people, including me. It sounds like it's related to Nvidia's newer drivers but I'm not sure.The game itself is a solid if not particularly impressive affair. The graphics are obviously an improvement over the original, but compared to the recentremakeofCastle of Illusionthisremasteris kind of disappointing. If you are looking for a great Disney platformer I'd recommend trying that one first.This is worth picking up for $5 sometime, though, if you are a Disney fan or like 2D platformers. However, I'd hold off until it's patched - otherwise you might not be able to finish it."
,Recommended,237630,1214803,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Canti,"Essentially, this is an HD remake of the Capcom NES/Gameboy game from the early 90's.Level design is almost identical and gameplay is the same too, which is a good thing because both were considered great at the time. The pixel sprites are replaced with hand-drawn, fully animated images and the music, which is also notoriously good in the original, has been updated as well and sounds fantastic! As a bonus, the original music can be used as well from the options screen. Also in the audio department, most of the original voice acting cast returns to lend their vocals.The game is let down by frequent and dull cutscenes, they can be skipped but you need to pause the game and select ""skip cutscene"" which gets old fast. Another let-down is the that it seems to give a lot more health and continues than I remember, making it a little too easy unless you use the hardest possible difficulty which can only be unlocked after an initial full playthrough. Regardless, highly recommended if you are into platformers and especially so if you owned the original, WayForward does a great job and you can see a lot of love went into making it happen."
76561198072017958,Recommended,237630,13176149,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Crippled Cox,Dont even play it. Just turn it on for the theme song.
76561198071162637,Recommended,237630,32258908,Posted: 7 June,all,BM33K,"A fantastic platformer based on the NES title. Tight controls and beautiful quasi 3D backgrounds with 2D sprites gives this game a unique style that gives depth to the (admittedly few) levels. This game also boasts a high skill ceiling with a harder setting for the controls that allows for greater manipulation of the platforming, important if you want to beat the game on extreme difficulty which requires the harder controls to be enabled. Each level is usually started with a sort of mini collect-a-thon that forces the user to explore a large amount of the level sometimes retracing areas to see other pathways or hidden items. While this can get redundant at times it is never really overused and is fairly straight forward. The levels end with a boss fight that is in my opinion the most fun part of the game. The boss fights are all unique and focus on pattern recognition which means it could take a few attempts before you know a bosses attacks well enough to take them down. All in all it is a great game for fans of the 2D platformer and fans of Ducktales, but outside of that might not appeal to everyone.8/10"
,Not Recommended,237630,20481712,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Miraglyth,"I'd love to recommend the game. It's a beautiful game and WayForward and Disney have given it a lot of love. I could write many more paragraphs about how well-crafted the and game is than this review takes.However I can't recommend it. The game has a catastrophic bug that causes the game to freeze on a significant number of users' machines, including my best PC. It appears to be a problem that is occurring with an increasing portion of new players and one suggested option to reduce (unfortunately not eliminate) the problem is to lower the graphics settings, resolution etc. so it seems likely the issue happens most when the game is played at its best. It is more frustrating still that this freeze happens mostly at the very end of the game.But the most annoying thing about this is that Capcom are being wilfully neglectful of all of these complaints. Players have repeatedly contacted them about the problem over the last 2 1/2 years. WayForward, the licensed developers, have also tried to communicate with them to offer work on fixing the issue. But all of this is being rejected, so nothing can be done. It turns one of the best games and certainly one of the best platformers of recent years into one of the most aggrivating.Instead I would recommend looking into other WayForward-developed platformers where they are not restricted in such a way, and where such issues cannot be found. In particular the upcoming Shantae: Half Genie Hero is shaping up to be a wonderful game with similar aesthetics and handling."
,Not Recommended,237630,20158849,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fnord,"I'm not giving this game a negative review because it's a terrible game. I'm giving it a negative review due to a commonly occurring bug that makes the game impossible to beat.DuckTales: Remastered is a remake (rather than a remaster) of an old NES game that garnered quite a bit of praise back in the days, for its well crafted levels, great soundtrack and fun gameplay. Remastered does not quite hit all the same notes, but the core gameplay is still very fun.Graphics and soundIf anything, the game actually looks better than the show it's based on. The colours are vibrant, movement is smooth and everything is nicely detailed without feeling cluttered. It ""feels"" like a cartoon, in a good way. The only area where criticism can really be had is in the animations that sometimes leave a bit to desire. Still, the game is beautiful.And it's no slouch in the sound department either. All the songs but one are based on the soundtrack of the NES game, but updated to make use of modern hardware. Only a single song is less than stellar, and that's the one that is new to this game. And it's not even a bad song, it just does not fit in with the rest.And what good is an action game without good sound effects? It ""feels"" satisfying to jump on enemies. The sound effects have just the right amount of ""impact"", creating a very satisfying experience. It manages to both stay faithful to its source material (the NES game), and expand on it.And let's not forget the voice acting. It's great. I did not grow up with the English version of the cartoon, and I still think the voice acting sound just right. This is extra impressive, considering the age of many of the voice actors (remember, this show originally aired back in 1987).StoryNo-one will play this game for its story. It's a forgettable story that adds very little to the overall experience. You're out looking for some special treasures, and need to visit places all over the world, and also the moon, in order to find them. That's really the extent of it.Sadly, the story delivery often gets in the way of the gameplay. Cutscenes are frequent, and they completely stop the action. It would most likely have been better to just have one bigger cutscene at the start of the level, and then a bigger one at the end, with some chatter between the characters during the levels that don't require you to stop moving.GameplayThe game borrows its gameplay from the original NES game, and it's a testament to good design when in 2015 a game that plays like a game from 1989 still is a joy to play. Bouncing on enemies is just as fun now as it was back then.The levels are heavily inspired by the levels from the NES game, keeping a similar layout. New objectives are added to the levels that basically amount to scavenger hunts, and here is where the game starts showing its faults. The original levels were never designed to be navigated this way, you were supposed to get to certain points in them, and you had a few options in regards to how you got to these points. In the remaster you need to go through almost every part of the level, which results in some strange looping back. It's particularly bad in the first non-tutorial level that you're likely to play, Amazonas, where you were originally meant to either pick the upper or lower rout in the earlier parts of the level, but here need to pick one, then go back through the other and then through one of them again. It breaks the sense of forward momentum, and it's really just a bit dull. All other levels, except for the new one at the end, suffer from this issue to some extent. This adds up to a game with worse level design than the game it's based on.The final level also feels out of place. Suddenly the style of the level (in terms of how you play it) changes completely. If you've ever played a Mega Man game, then this level will feel familiar, because that's what it feels like. A Mega Man level (and not a well designed one). The soundtrack on this level also feels like something out of Mega Man.Options?The options menu is severely lacking. You can't even change the sound levels. It's more or less limited to resolution, AA, language, brightness and two pre-set key combinations for your jump attack. No, you can not even re-bind controls. While graphics options for a game like this is not super important, sound levels and re-binding controlls is just something that I've come to expect from any game with more than a minimal budget.The big freeze-bug at the endThis is the reason why my review ends up negative. There is a bug near the end that freezes the game. It won't happen for everyone, but the amount of people I've seen reporting this seem to indicate that it's at least a relatively common bug. One that neither WayForward nor Capcom has bothered fixing. Exactly what causes the bug is unknown, but it does not seem to be due to a specific graphics card vendor, OS version or anything like that.Closing wordsEven without the bug, the frequent cutscenes and the frankly not great level design pulls this game down. The core gameplay is really good, but sadly the things surrounding it are not. Had they either stuck with the original level design, or designed brand new levels around the scavenger hunts you're supposed to partake in, then this game could easily have been a winner, but as it stands, it's just an alright game, with great graphics and sound, and a very serious bug near the end that might make it impossible for you to see the last boss."
,Recommended,237630,8365752,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DMXENOMORPH,"This Game is just fun now as it was in my childhood. With the beautiful updated graphics great music, This is a game to have in your library! Now Back to Duckberg!"
,Recommended,237630,811640,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Ah, I remember playing Ducktales way back on the NES. It was great and I still have fond memories of it. But I wasn't sure a remake would give me the same memories... On the one hand it's pretty much an exact remake of the original, but with improved graphics. On the other hand it' might not translate well enough, and, because of that, might scare gamers off. I'm sorry to say it's the latter.First, let me talk about the things Ducktales does right.The graphics haven been upgraded with 2D HD sprites in a 2.5D world. It looks excellent, even if the backgrounds don't fit with the rest of the graphics. I personally think it would've been better if it was entirely in 2D. But that's a different story. The levels are exact replicas of the originals. Epic !The gameplay is also kept the same. It's tough. But not too tough. Back when I was a kid it literally took me hours to complete a level. Maybe it was because I was too young and didn't fully understand games just yet, maybe because games were really more difficult back then. Ducktales Remastered tested my patience when I had only just started it. I was rushing through levels carelessly and I died several times in a matter of minutes. This is a good thing, mind you. It makes the game feel old school, in a certain way.But despite the game being somewhat difficult it's also very short. Levels can be finished within 30-60 minutes and since there are only 6 levels in total you should complete it in about 5 or 6 hours max.Then the controls. The controls are pretty good, but jumping on your pogo stick doesn't seem to work all the time. Plenty of times have I tried jumping down, followed by a pogo stick jump and the game just didn't register the button being pressed. It cost me more health than intended.Oh, and the voice acting... Man, the voice acting. The voice acting was cringeworthy. I understand it's based on the cartoon, but the dialogues in general were just terrible and childish. Same goes for the rest of the cutscenes. I skipped through them at one point because I couldn't take it anymore. Next time, no more voice acting please. Just a textbox would suffice.And maybe it's my memory, but I remember secrets being secrets in the original. Secrets in the remake are pointed out in obvious ways. All that's missing is a big arrow pointing to it. Like I said, it might just be my memory but I remember this differently.If I had to rate this game right now I'd give it a 6,5, or 7 at best.Ducktales is a decent game and still kinda fun to play, even now and especially if you have never played the original. But wait for a sale instead, because the current price is once again too high. Also, I think the Castle Of Illusion remake might be better in comparison. Let's just wait for that.[Rating: 67/100]"
,Not Recommended,237630,24997246,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Raptor Jesus,"TL;DR: No option to lower audio volume in game, is incredibly loud. Game is broken for many NVIDIA card owners and if you are affected it will freeze in the final cutscene before the final battle. They apparently aren't working on a fix, so I can't recommend it at this point.Score without bug    9/10Score with bug         6/10 (I enjoyed the game very much up until the final battle, but it's too frustrating not being able to complete it at all)I loved this game and was incredibly happy when they announced this HD Remake. The only thing that really really annoyed me was the fact that the game has no option to turn the sound down (RIP Headset users), which meant I had to put my Windows sound regulator bar so far into the bottom that it was almost impossible to play while chatting with friends on teamspeak. If you don't turn the sound down, your ears will start bleeding from the epic Ducktales theme as soon as you hit the Welcome Screen.I eventually managed to somehow get it to a bearable level and was able to play the game (on hard difficulty) without any issues whatsoever. The controller support is great and I highly recommend using one.The fundamental problem, and the reason why I cannot recommend this game at this point, is the fact that there is a game breaking bug which prevents you from finishing the game because it freezes to death during the cutscene prior to the final boss battle. As far as I am informed, this problem only exists with NVIDIA cards, and it doesn't matter which one you have (I have a GTX 970).Thus far, the developers have not done anything to address this issue. I haven't seen one post on the Forums about it and it is unclear if they are even working on a fix. My gut tells me they are not, yet they do not hesitate to put this game out on sale.There are supposed fixes around, but they require a lot of work and I simply can not be bothered to fix something that is not my fault as a customer.If they ever fix the bug I will happily change this review."
,Recommended,237630,12720618,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Y|yukichigai,"There's been a trend in recent years to cash in on nostalgia in a big way.  Take an old game, give it a little bit of polish, release it again and rake in the dough.  Sometimes it's welcomed because its handled respectfully, while other times it's a shallow cash grab.  I am very happy to say that this is NOT a cash grab.  If anything, DuckTales: Remastered is an example of how a updated re-release should be done... mostly.So, as per the usual formula, let's talk about the good to start.  First and foremost, the core of the original NES game, what made that game a beloved masterpiece, is still there and fully intact.  Scrooge still has his bizarre pogo stick ability that is as inexplicable as it is fun, and the levels still stick to the same general layout, even having the same locations for pickups.  The game's tunes are also the same, save for being performed by real instruments rather than an 8-bit chiptune processor.  If you thought the Moon theme was catchy in chiptune, wait till you hear it now.Of course, that's not to say the game is just a graphical update without any other changes.  DuckTales: Remastered adds some new content to the game, most of it welcome.  While the levels are mostly the same, there have been some minor alterations and changes, most for the better in terms of level flow.  Bosses in particular have been changed up so that they have more than the same single attack pattern to work with, making them far more challenging (though not unfairly so) than their pushover NES incarnations. There are even two additional levels: an intro training level and a final boss level, both with new soundtracks that fit in quite nicely with the rest of the tunes.  The final level in particular was a surprising addition, and is far more satisfying than the original game's ""go through this level you already beat"" concept of a final level, albeit with a caveat I'll talk about later.Probably the best thing DuckTales: Remastered brings to the game are the fully voiced characters.  Rather than just relying on canned sound effects and clips from the show, the game actually uses newly recorded lines from the original voice cast (minus the ones who, tragically, are no longer with us).  Yes, this includes Alan Young as Scrooge, sounding surprisingly good for being 92 years old.  Scrooge obviously has plenty of time to say a variety of things, what with all the pogoing and gathering treasure and whatnot, but the other characters get plenty of time to speak, too.  Mostly this happens during cutscenes that occur between and sometimes in the middle of the levels.  These cutscenes are true to the original series, and do a great job of explaining some of the more inexplicable parts of the original NES game; why was Bubba Duck frozen in ice, for example.Cutscenes aren't without downsides though, which brings me to the next part of the review: the bad. As I said, cutscenes can happen in the middle of levels, which can get very tiring on repeated playthroughs of the game.  You can skip them, but it does take a few seconds to do so, and quite a few are placed such that even that can be a noticeable interruption.  The game also has some serious issues with recognizing all but the most common monitor resolutions, and really didn't like my 16:10 monitor at all.  I was able to get around it by manually altering the game's ini file to use my specific resolution, but it's still something that could have been handled better.  The most maddening thing for me though is that in keeping true to the core of the original game, much of its buggy movement behavior was kept in as well, especially the random things that could cause Scrooge to stop pogoing for no easily apparent reason.  Any fan of the original NES title won't be surprised, but the movement quirks could have been ironed out without angering most people, or at the very least with an optional toggle as was done for the requirement to hold the pogo button while bouncing, a.k.a. ""Hard Pogo Mode"".The only other thing I can add about this game is only arguably a downside, but I found it somewhat negative all the same, that being the significantly increased difficulty of the final boss fight (and beyond) compared to the original game.  It's not impossible by any means, but it's still quite the jump in challenge.  I'll freely admit it had me frustrated for a little bit.Despite the few bad things in this remake, there's clearly far more good things to say about it. Ultimately though, DuckTales: Remastered is a bit of a victim of time, with its gameplay style not nearly as popular by today's standards, not to mention the waning popularity of the DuckTales franchise.  That said, it's still a solid platformer with a lot going for it, and very little going against it.  Fans of the original game will love this update, and people who have never played either can get quite a bit out of it, too, but you might want to watch a few episodes of the original show first."
,Not Recommended,237630,15880340,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,slidin into ur dm,Game has crashed 4 times on the final boss rendering me unable to complete it. The game has been out about 20 months now and people still have this problem and it isn't acceptable really. I don't recommend this to anyone due to that.
,Recommended,237630,20656474,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"BEWARE: if you have NVIDIA, with recent drivers, expect to wander in the community hub to find the solution of a freezing game during the last boss.DuckTales.... so many memories... on the NES system.Because I belong to that generation that got the chance to play it on it. Besides, I can still remember the song (in French) for Duck Tales, the cartoon. And I still remember the pogo stick, the Amazon and the Moon.DuckTales Remastered is an improved version of the original game. Oncle Scrooge (or Picsou in French) is searching for a mythical artefact with the help of all the gang (the nephews and niece, the chopper pilot, the crazy inventor) and pitched against some enemies (the witch, the scottish billionnaire, the thiefs). I'm sorry if I'm not giving the English names, as I'm used to Geo Trouvetou, Mystique or Riri, Fifi and Loulou (who are Huey, Dewey and Louie) and as names.Anyway, dear Scrooge will visit the Amazon, some African mines, a haunted castle in Transylvania, the Everest and the Moon, without forgetting a volcano where the big fight will arrive. If he can jump, he can also use his cane as pogo stick to reach heights or to throw stuff. As part of a classic platformer, you can improve your health or find secret areas with bonuses. The score is determined by the value of the diamonds you've found (whether they're hidden in chests or not). Unless they're in chests, you have to pass on the zone they're to make them appear. But they're only there temporary: you have to take them quickly.Also, the enemies are typical of the level visited: gorillas, spiders and snakes in the Amazon (without forgetting the tribemen), mummies, bats and ghosts in Transylvania, etc... Each level is ending with a boss to defeat, though some are just mad at you for another story, like the Yeti for example.Anyway, the good part of the game is that you can unlock art gallery thanks to the money you're accumulating during the levels. If you start a new game, it's not erased, which is great. But during a same playthrough, you can't replay a level. Once it's done, it's done. You can't go back for secrets you've missed or for achievements. Anyway, if you're starting a new game, generally, it's because you want to try it at a higher level.The graphics are very colorful, anyway, you can't expect a dark setting for a remastering of a game that was already oriented towards children at the time. Everything is well polished..... APART FOR A FREEKING FREEZING BUG FOR PEOPLE WITH NVIDIA CARDS ON THE FINAL BOSS! IMPOSSIBLE TO FINISH THE GAME!And that's where all the good found in the game is crushed because the developers aren't trying to patch the game for that game-breaking bug. It's just sad that I can't finish the game.So yeah, while DuckTales isn't perfect as there is only audio in English, that the game is for people having played it and finding some good memories, while DuckTales, despite that, is a very good game until the end, should I thumb it down or up?I'm tempted to thumb it down but I've enjoyed it the game for 90% of it, apart the bug. So, well, I'll thumb it up but stay aware of the problem."
76561198165778106,Not Recommended,237630,34326146,Posted: 18 August,all,Kangtaw,"The game itself is very good. I like it so much. Unfortunately, It has a bug that will cause the game to freeze before the final boss. This bug doesn't always happen on all VGA cards. You will never know if the game fits your VGA or not up until near the final boss stage.I played this game up to that point, then I couldn't finish the game because of the bug. I tried to contact the developer/publisher, but they just never replied my email. I expected better support from Capcom big name tho.That's too bad. I cannot recommend this game until they fix the bug that has been there for years ...."
76561197985072747,Recommended,237630,8259818,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Genre: Cartoon Action PlatformerThis is an old game from the 80s that has been re-mastered. So it has nostalgic value and it is also fun to play. You can choose levels and it doesn't penalise you too badly that you wont want to retry sections. It is based on a cartoon of the same name and stays quite true to it. One for the kids and the big kids too...
,Recommended,237630,8455033,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,hsmoke,"DuckTales! Whoo-oo!I don't even remember DuckTales, but this game has some sort of mystical charm around it that unlocked my inner child. Who am I kidding, he's never locked up. But this game, it's fantastic, magical and I can safely say it's the most innocent, harmless fun I have had in a game for years.Despite it's name, it's much less of a remastered game than a completely redux of one. A lovley mixture of 2.5D visuals, well done and cartoonish sprites, it's really got Disney written all over it. The music, is wonderful, I could listen to the theme tune all day!For gameplay, DuckTales: Remastered doesn't have much going for it. Mainly because it's a game targeted at children, so it's understandable why it's easy to use. Simple button controls, jump, hit, brutally murder, the usual.My one issue with the game, is that it doesn't do much to make me come back, other than improve my rankings on the World Leader Boards. And that final boss battle. It's hard. The story is short and can be completed in 3 hours or so, and of course there are achivements and trading cards that could keep you busy.All in all, DuckTales is just harmless fun, even if it is a little guilty pleasure game.+ 2.5D!+ A complete over-haul of the original, everything is new.+ Great character design and voice acting.- Not much to do after the campaign is finished.- The game get's repetative after the first act.8.5/10."
,Recommended,237630,13292464,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,KINGESTHATER,"Fun, quick, and great sound track.I loved the art styles of the character but found the levels a little bland.Fun game overall.i would recomend and replay every now and again"
,Recommended,237630,7789006,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mister Metokur,It's nice to be able to play a game that doesn't coddle you like you're an infant.  While DuckTales: Remastered is just what its name implies it is - remastered - it wasn't updated to placate gamers who need their hand held.  The game looks great and the soundtrack with its new take on the originals score is ♥♥♥♥ing superb.  I had a blast playing this title.
76561198027702064,Not Recommended,237630,33631339,Posted: 18 July,all,DonVaginus,"Final Boss Freeze!!!""#¤""%&""&""§! Spent a small fistful of dollas for this game, and enjoyed it... for a while. Can anyone imagine the hair-pulling frustration of trying to 100% this game, only to be freeze-framed again and again at the final boss, no less!? I've even assigned less cpu cores to even be able to play the final boss stage, only to experience en even worse freeze at the moment I kill the boss, before the achievements are able to be registered, mind you. I can only compare my current level of frustration the one I had playing the unsaveable ""Kung Fu"" on the NES, more than 25 years ago. At least you could actually finish that game, though.Peopl deserve a patch to this game if you're gonna keep selling it, Capcom."
,Not Recommended,237630,15870108,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MASF Reload,"While the game is very fun, I will have to give this game a negative score for it not having the freezing problem fixed yet. The last boss fight freezes unless I choose to skip cutscene which ruins one cutscene I could have seen and the game has also frozen at a random moment as well. Until this is fixed I am leaving a negative review. This does not freeze at all or even once on Xbox 360, there is no excuse why this can't run better on the PC without any freezing issues."
76561198064771046,Recommended,237630,34340550,Posted: 18 August,all,RYG,"People complaining you can't skip the dialogue. Pause the fuc%ing game, select ""skip cinematic""."
,Recommended,237630,23904517,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Saibot,"It's perfect.I’m not going to lie, I flipped out a little when I first saw that teaser for DuckTales Remastered back in 2013. The NES version of DuckTales has been close to the top of my nostalgia list for many, many years... and now... Now is the Time... Summer Sale 2016 gave me the opportunity to buy this game... 4,61€ HELLA WORTH IT!.Pretty much everything about DuckTales Remastered is great, both from a nostalgic point of view and from the music which has been remixed but is still faithful to the original (and extremely good), the visuals are fantastic, the voice acting makes me crack a smile every time, and the harder difficulties are actually hard.DuckTales Remastered is a game worth playing regardless of whether or not you’ve played the original. But if you’re a total newcomer this is the best choice you can make to start your Ducktales experience :)"
76561198004032428,Recommended,237630,13785846,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Psycho Dad,"A great game in it's own right, it's one of the few remake games that does more that do more than just update the graphics of the original.  They make the sprites like the cartoon, get all the VAs from the show they can, polish up the music, and add to the levels to give more of a challenge, as well as a story.A definite must-play if you were an 80's kid, or just like the original game.  I want to d/l the series after playing this."
76561198047759861,Not Recommended,237630,16231343,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,josephdw106,game is well done i enjoyed it very much until the very end the game crashes every time i try to finish.... to look up and find out that several people have had these same incidents with the fact that the last update was november 2013!!! this was a problem before the last update and it didn't resolve the issue and they don't care as its just money in their pockets!!! it looks like if you have newer computer equipment it may be the issue as what it seems from the forums.... unfortunately i will never rate this a thumbs up as they dont care any more and i can't finish.
76561198010231343,Not Recommended,237630,24459816,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TheGodfatherDictator™,"This game is really fun, major problem though: Game keep freezing on the last boss. I got to him about 5 different times now, only for the screen to freeze for no reason at different places during the fight. All the others games I played recently never had this problem. So until they fix this bug which for me ruins the whole game, I can't recommand peoples to pay 15$ for a game like this."
76561197970859560,Not Recommended,237630,34216505,Posted: 13 August,all,Bee,"Widely-reported, game-breaking bugs, still there after years. Unforgiveable. Beyond that, this game didn't need 18 tons of unskippable dialogue added."
,Not Recommended,237630,16994897,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,nederbrockscott,"Do Not buy this game, it freezes at the end boss everythime i play!"
76561198089052394,Recommended,237630,34346681,Posted: 19 August,all,JD Herrera,"DuckTales Remastered		* 6/10How couldn't be a joy to play a remastered version of a game based on one of my favorite cartoon series? Even with flaws it is a mix of joy and nostalgia to play DuckTales remastered.INTRO. What is DuckTales Remastered about?DuckTales Remastered Is a classic platform game, Uncle Scrooge McDuck is our protagonist on a hunt for new adventures and treasures. His money depot has been attacked by the Beagle Boys, and after you get rid of them you'll discover the picture they wanted to steal leads to various treasures. But honestly this is a simple excuse to live new adventures with Scrooge and meet old friends and enemies, Like Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Gyro, Launchpad McQuack, Mrs Beakley, the Beagle Boys, Magica, Glomgold and one of my favorite of all timesGizmoduck.GRAPHIC. Engine And Artistic aspects.Actually there's not much to be said, this is a beautiful remaster of an old pixel game, characters have been beautifully redrawn, style is faithful to the cartoon style (and thank God the classic cartoon style, not the new one which I consider a heresy from the artistic point of view), ambiences are coloured and pleasant to see. A good and adequate job from the asthetic point of view.SOUNDTRACK. Themes and Accompaniments.Well, the fact that the menu starts with the cartoon famous, groovy, fun song in midi style can be considered a great soundtrack by itself, however through levels there are nice accompaniment tracks and sometimes you can hear some small gems (see the moon level!). A special note for the english players and aficionados, almost all voice actors from the original series gave their voice for the game as well. Amazing!GAMEPLAY. How does it work?Well... It's a classic platform, there's not much to explain ecept for the fact that Uncle Scrooge can jump higher and hit his enemies with his stick by doing his famous pogo jump. And going in certain corners or positions can reveal hidden gems. There are boss fights to be dealt with in non conventional ways, as usual. End of the gameplay section. Simple, but fun.LAST NOTES. What doesn't work?WayForward. The developers. The visual and Sound aspect is almost perfect, but what is it for if your pc can't run the game because it's compiled or coded badly? The game is known for having serious compatibility or crash issues on some machines, such as final boss fight freeze, or black screen/no screen at all while you hear all intro and menu sounds. I've been experiencing the second problem on another WayForward title and none of them has been solved by the developers, however I've been able to go through it because on my Laptop I can choose to switch from my geforce to my Integrated grahics. Which is something that can be harder to accomplish on desktop systems. I think I've read somewhere that the freeze issue comes from troubles with Geforces, so keep these things in mind if you're interested in this title.This trouble is what prevented me from giving a higher rate to the game, despite the art, the fun and nostalgia.TL;DR. Pros And Cons+++PROs+++REMASTER.This is the remaster I like. A very old pixel game brought back to new life in a new incarnation with faithful artistic revision that delivers the player a clean and polished revived version of an old game. NOT A REMASTER OF A GAME WHICH ISN'T EVEN 5 YEARS OLD AND BARELY FEATURES A BUNCH OF TEXTURES WITH HIGHER RESOLUTION.---CONs---SERIOUS ISSUES.There are serious compatibility issues probably with Geforce Video Cards, that prevents the game to load, show up or even end (Boss Fight Freeze). I've been able to get past this trouble by using my Intel HD instead of my Geforce, but not everyone have a laptop to use for this purpose.I played this game on this machine:Laptop Lenovo Z50Intel Core i5-4210U8Gb RAM DDR3GeForce 840M/Intel HD Graphics 4400Windows 10 Home x64"
,Recommended,237630,10935309,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Redlius,"If you were a child of the 80s, and recall Ducktales cartoons and the original NES game, then this is a blast of nostalgic goodness. the game looks fantastic, and the controls are crisp and responsive. Being a remake of an NES title, it can be a little short. The game can beaten in one sitting (but does not have to be, unless on the Extreme difficulty level), and can be 100% completed in under 9 hours. Gotten on sale though, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,237630,7960028,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,DarkHelmet,"DuckTales Remastered is a testament to what a developer can do with an old title and WayForward does an absolutely stellar job in every department.Graphics and animation are lovingly updated and re-created to make you feel that you are playing an interactive episode of the old TV show.  I could go on about this, but if you haven't watched the 'Duckumentaries' above (and on YouTube) they do a great job of showing the process they went through to update it.Sound design is fantastic, but the game's music was the audio portion done with the most love of the original NES source material.  It is nothing short of beautiful and nostalgic.  The composer went above and beyond keeping close to original compositions, but updated them perfectly to full orchestrations.  I can not fathom how this could have been handled any better.  The calm, smoothness of the stage select music coupled with the act of performing a swan dive into Scrooge's money bin hit my nostalgia nerve very hard.  Nothing has pulled me back to the happiness of my childhood like that did in a long time.  The other impressive bit in the area of audio was the use of what I believe is the entire original voiceover cast from the cartoon which adds another layer of authenticity and enjoyment to this game.  And when I say everyone I mean all the way from Scrooge (Alan Young was 93 I believe when he recorded this) all the way down to Webigail and even Duckworth the butler has a couple of lines.The gameplay remains wholly unchanged from the original.  The pogo can be a little frustrating every now and again, but it always was and isn't in any way crippling here.  Also, the addition of added difficulties is welcome since the original was very unforgiving in this area.  The main change is the addition of a whole new final level - Mount Vesuvius which takes the place of returning to Transylvania in the original.  A difficult final stage that is well conceived and fits in with the rest of the game well.  The final bit of the game after your battle with Dracula Duck is a homage to what the old 8-bit twitch reaction platformers could be.  The game is a tiny bit short, but that's hardly a criticism since the orignal was the same and only took more time due to the unforgiving difficulty.Overall, this is a wonderful game for all ages, especially those old-school gamers of us in our 30s that loved these old 8-bit platformers.  I am definitely keeping my eye on anything WayForward does from here on because they clearly know how to make, not just a good game, but how to make it fun and its refreshing to see a developer who seems to really care about what they're doing versus raking in the cash as the primary motivator.  If they ever got their hands on Capcom's 8-bit MegaMan library (especially this same music composer) I would be all over that."
76561198116662542,Not Recommended,237630,16036222,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,tonyjianqing,"Nope!No fix for a broken game? Why Steam is still selling this game?(And to Wayforward guys who develop the game...at least you can spare your time a little to check the bug that stop people finish the game? Pretty please? Or you guys know that the game is broken, and don't care about it at all?)"
76561198049094331,Recommended,237630,24430869,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[FuG] Mr. Nobody,"A nice remake of one of my very favorite NES games. DuckTales: Remastered is a game that plays exactly like the old DuckTales on the Nintendo Entertainment System, and what makes it work is that we have a story and dialog to go along with the old game. The gameplay is the same from the NES like I said, but with a few twists that makes it even more exciting. The remastered music is another thing I love about this game and bless my bagpipes the music to The Moon, Transylvania, The Amazon, and many many others. I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Not Recommended,237630,20437631,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LeeExMachina,"The game is a pretty decent platformer, nothing amazing but good enough at what it does. This in itself would not be enough for me to give a negative review. However gamebreaking bugs are a very valid reason for a negative review.The bug occurs at the final boss. The game freezes sometimes in the cutscene before the final battle sometimes into the final battle or if you can make it through it without freezing in the cutscene afterwards. This bug has existed for approx 2 years and will not be patched as there is some license issue with Capcom(the publishers) Wayforward( the devs) and Disney (the license holder). On a side note I had very similiar problems with another Wayforward game Double Dragon Neon so I will be taking extra care when looking into any of their games in the future.I did manage to find a workaround to enable me to finish the game but it was a little awkward and less computer savvy people may be hesitant to try it. And frankly it ruined what would have otherwise been a fairly pleasant experience and I or other paying customers should not have to go to these lenghts to play their game.For anyone that is unlucky enough to have bought this and is outside the refund window heres what I did to get it working but YMMV.1. Launch the game2. Alt Tab out of the game and open task manager3. Find Ducktales.exe, right click and go to Set Affinity...4. Change the affinity from 4(For me, it may be 2 or more depending on your system) to just 1 of the CPUs (I doubt it matters but I used CPU 05. Play the game until you get to the boss and the cutscene starts, pause the game and skip cutscene. ( You can watch it on Youtube )6. Fight and win final boss battle and when the cutscene starts pause again and skip the cutscene.7. Thereis a short escape scenatio to play through then. The game froze on me during this the first time but I managed to get through it on the first attempt the second go. I have no idea if the lenght of time I had been on the scene caused the crash but I would suggest trying to get through it as quickly as possible.So to sum up do not buy this game, it is broken and will never be fixed. I am just glad I picked it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,237630,24989881,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,StopCaution,Game froze on final boss. Game impossible to finish. blueballs/10
76561198185220977,Not Recommended,237630,16194134,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,"I played this game back in the day when it was on NES so I knew I had to pick this game up once it was on sale. The game is amazing except for one fatal flaw, IT FREEZES ON THE FINAL BOSS EVERY TIME! For this reason alone I can not recommend this game."
,Recommended,237630,9224092,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rioichi,"While I must admit that I barely played the original NES game, DuckTales Remastered is an instant nostalgia bomb from the moment you press start. From the colorful sprites of all our favorite characters, to the original voices from the cartoon show, and the theme song, everything feels so perfect at the beginning. It really isn't just a ""remake"" of the original game, it's also a reunion for people who were fans of the show as well.With colorful graphics, tight controls, fun gameplay, and great music, Remastered also attempts to make fans of the original game feel at home. However, with the inclusion of many pesky and intruding cutscenes, the wonderful flow of the game grinds to a complete halt. Some can be welcome -- introducing a new level or terrifying boss. But other cutscenes will activate whenever you complete trivial ""objectives"", which can be anything from finding a token or aiding Launchpad fix his plane. They interupt a bit too often, and while there is an option to skip these (by pausing the game during the cutscene, selecting ""skip cutscene"", then confirming), sometimes there's two or three back to back, making you have to awkwardly repeat the process. It doesn't help that if you Game Over and have to repeat a stage... well, get ready to skip all those cutscenes again! I understand they were just trying to add story to a game where there was none (except perhaps in the instruction manual of the original), however, it is still frustrating to repeatedly have to keep skipping cutscenes.Despite that one flaw, DuckTales Remastered is an easy game to get into and a very rewarding one to complete. Scrooge and all his companions are back for a DuckTales encore that seemed long overdue. And I'm very happy to have been apart of it! DuckTales fans, pick this one up! Fans of the original game or just fans of old school side-scrollers in general, maybe wait til it's on sale.Happy adventuring!!!"
,Recommended,237630,32316169,Posted: 10 June,all,JS,"+Fun and faithful to the original NES game.Offers some challenge.Great soundtrack.Fun achievements.-There are some frustrating issues that a lot seem to have, like the game freezing towards later levels. This is really bad if you're playing on extreme since it doesn't save your progress at that difficulty and you'll have to play the entire game all over again. I experienced it only once.The extreme difficulty could have been more challenging in my opinion. Once you learn each boss' movement and skillset there's not much that can kill you. You still get extra heart containers on extreme as well as extra lives which allows you to be more careless. I think removing the extra heart containers (They're not needed on the last level anyway) would be an improvement, maybe even dial down on the number of extra lives."
,Recommended,237630,8995076,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Varaosa,ENG:Excellent remake of a classic platformer latest edition! Referral!FIN:Erinomainen tasoloikka klassikkopelin uusintapainos! Suositteluni!
76561197966134367,Not Recommended,237630,29630715,Posted: 1 February,all,Luihutin,"Yup, the reviews are correct; The final boss crashes the game now.Why the hell would I recommend this game anymore?"
,Not Recommended,237630,18577820,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,A Defective Kitty,"Putting aside the nostalgia, this is a wonderful platformer with good challenge, beautiful graphics, solid soundtrack, and voice acting from the original (surviving) cast. I want to keep on playing it and I want to recommend it to everyone. Unfortunatey, this review is negative for a reason.The game, at the moment of writing, suffers from a widespread bug that causes regular freezing at the final boss. It seems to primarily affect people using modern Nvidia drivers. Fans will suggest ways to work around it (not using Nvidia aside), but the fact stands that Capcom and WayForward have yet to fix it. This game is broken and should not be sold in its current state."
,Recommended,237630,10524539,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,KaShrax,"A very well done remake of the classic NES title. The original game was one of my favouraite games of all time and i have to say that though capcom did a very good job at remastering the game they did miss out on some of the fine disney/capcom details that made the game unique. The remastered music is mostly good but maybe it is just nostalgia telling me that old is better.Either way - it makes for a great game, great on the big screen, especially with family or friends."
76561198061730930,Recommended,237630,24740458,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,alo_obert,No problems completing the game. Have been using 2 GeForce 760 in SLI configuration and I haven't experienced any crash.This game has reminded me how difficult were some platformers when I was a teenager (~1995) and the great quantity of  hours spent completing them.
76561197997910115,Not Recommended,237630,21647816,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,michaelcmccarty,"Fun and nostalgic, but I would not reccomend this game.  The final boss has a game breaking glitch, and there appear to be no plans to fix."
,Recommended,237630,23992273,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I shiver your spines,I want to watch the show now.
,Recommended,237630,13124595,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Azathoth,"It is easy to recommend this remastered version of DuckTales.  The devs have taken the levels and layout from the original 1989 version and expanded them to enchance the gameplay even further.  The graphics, music and story have been recreated and even surviving members of the animated series lend their voices.  New areas are included in the original game's levels and bosses are given new patterns.  The game even comes with two new levels exclusive to this version of the game.It certainly is a nostalgia trip and I would highly recommend it to fans of the original, but I would also recommend it to any fan of 2D side scrollers.  It is quite difficult, which makes it enjoyable.  Various difficulties are included and despite the game being quite short, it does offer some replay value if you attempt the Extreme difficulty.I recommend picking this up in a sale and experiencing a remastered version of a great NES game.  It will at least occupy you for a couple of hours!"
,Not Recommended,237630,16065444,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,gully foyle,this game was fun until it #&&@ing froze immediately after i beat the last boss. what a great @($*ing ending that was. thanks a lot folks. do not buy.
76561198066996409,Recommended,237630,8498435,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,UnkieDougie,Great game takes me back to being a kid again. They even kept the cheap parts that make this game fun to play.
,Recommended,237630,25084764,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,juananto.hc,"This game is amazing, I played the original NES version and I loved it, this one mantains the essence of the original but with an amazing and beautiful remastered art, I can't believe that the game features the Original voices of the cast specially the now late Alan Young as Scrooge McDuck.I was fan of the series and this is a very nostalgic game that is totally worth it."
76561198118660440,Recommended,237630,28699613,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Meruivel,This was such a delight to play. It's an amazing game! The mechanics of great. And the quality is through the roof. This is a real treat and worth the money.
76561198056182435,Not Recommended,237630,24731901,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nisekoishi,Good game.Crashes every time you get to the final boss though.
,Recommended,237630,31236609,Posted: 19 April,all,KoenBo,Pros:Good gameplayGood musicMany checkpointsCons:The climbing controlls are kinda wierdThe first 3 bosses were funny to fight but the 4th was just so bad designed there was no way to avoid his jumpsController only works some times7/10
,Recommended,237630,17303711,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Whoota,"I am so done with this game. I have to hand it to Capcom. They lifted the whole classic NES experience to the pretty HD era. Including the punishing difficulty. I'm all cool with that. I grew up with this stuff. Learning the level is part of the game. I'm all game. But, even now, you don't put a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lava escape climb after the final boss to kill you dead despite having won. No, I managed after a zillion tries, but my opinion on this game now skewed. So before I go full hate, buy it if you want some old school platform action and catchy music."
,Recommended,237630,28857557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Poet,"Fun little game - beat the whole thing in about 4 hours, including doing some levels a second time because I had to quit midway to do other things.Don't listen to the reviews that tell you there's a huge difficulty increase in the end - they're just bad. The final boss fight also went flawlessly and was a nice easy challenge.Definitely nostalgic! Loved seeing my childhood again!"
,Recommended,237630,32824464,Posted: 26 June,all,Xan [C&NB],"LIFE IS LIKE A HURRICANE, HERE IN DUCK BURGIn all seriousness, wayforward did a great job with this. Tough as nails like the NES version, but a lot of fun nonetheless. Pick it up while it's still on sale."
76561197969658755,Not Recommended,237630,29209558,Posted: 12 January,all,skabbus,"Loved the original NES game, and I had alot of fun playing this version as well. I especially enjoyed the upgraded music score. But I was VERY DISAPPOINTED in not being able to finish the game because it alway freezes on the last boss. I simply can't recommend it, because not fixing that since the release is just silly to me."
,Recommended,237630,2740828,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,ColdaT,Must have!
,Recommended,237630,13673643,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Romero,Ducks seem to be in outer space. This game is out of this world.
,Not Recommended,237630,17987099,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Squirrel,"The game grashed after the last bossfight while Duckula become to ash. I played the last level three times again and always occured the same freezing picture. It is a well knowing problem, says the Steamforum but Capcom doesn´t patch that bug. I´m disappointed."
,Recommended,237630,8829284,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PolygonX,"One of the most fun platform games I've played. After seeing the original and the big change this game did with HD character and enemy models and actual voices, it's definitely worth the buy. Also it's challenging so for anyone wanting a game that's hard to beat and not just some boring easy game, this will do the trick. Plus bonus pogo sticks on a cane who wouldn't love to do that."
,Recommended,237630,9127752,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,vibe,"The original Duck Tales game on NES was good, and the remastered version from WayForward is good as well. It isn't very hard since the game progress is automatically saved, and it makes a significant challenge in the last level. The graphics is good, the music is redone with modern quality, the controls are simple and accurate. The game is fun, it has the original animation series feel and it's well worth the money.And don't forget the main theme and the piano cover of the Moon level music. They're fantastic."
,Recommended,237630,11210145,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ven,"Absolutely gorgeous nostalgiabomb, in gameplay, graphics, and music. The only problem is how the handrawn sprites result in spotty hit detection. 9/10."
,Recommended,237630,10820837,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MODE CON CODEPAGE,"A must have for any NES era player.Nostalgia will get you. As you play, you will discover new things and compare it to the old game.One of the best NES remakes so far."
76561198078949786,Recommended,237630,34327055,Posted: 18 August,all,Accordinance,"Nicely done!Please, do more classics remasters like Ducktales Remastered in future.Hope to see RR, DarkwingDuck and YoNoid!"
,Recommended,237630,9991136,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Kalnaur,"Life is like a hurricane here in Ducktales Remastered!  This is an enhanced remake of the (at least for some) classic Ducktales game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.  An old fashioned platformer, that game has been transformed into something more, while still remaining true to it's roots.The game has a new introduction/tutorial stage, a new final stage, new sprites and stage models, an animated, hand-drawn look, and a new overarching story of why Scrooge and the boys are off to gather random treasures (a story which was not contained in any real measure in the original game).  It also has voice work from almost all the old cast from the show (Flintheart Glomgold's voice actor had died, and was replaced with the current voice actor for the character).Each stage is a typical platformer game stage, where items are collected, enemies are jumped on (pogo'd on is more appropriate of a term) and areas of spikes, jumps and secrets are traversed in order to get to the end of the stage where a boss battle always lurks.  The changes are interesting: the player now has a map a la Super Metroid and the like, items that must be collected in many of the stages to progress further, and hidden life-ups to add a heart of life in each stage.  Each stage also plays like a mini episode of Ducktales, with a story beginning and end cinema scene.  Then, that stage becomes locked until you beat the game, after which you can revisit basically any stage.The game is solid, the nostalgia factor is high, the run time is short ( I have 70% of the achievements and I've only played it for about 5 hours) and it's a beautiful and fun game.  For some people, $15 might be a bit much for the game (I remember getting it on sale for at least 50% off), but if your nostalgia factor is high enough, this is a great game at any price."
,Recommended,237630,13668488,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,f19irs,"4,5/5This game made me feel so nostalgic: these characters from childhood, music, interesting storyline where you play Scrooge McDuck. And in this game you can swim like him!It was really fun to explore the map, find treasures and have a fight with bosses!So why it's only 4,5/5?Cause for me last mission (ending) with Magicka was really hard. After 20 minutes of playing I feel myself so angry and nervous that all happy moments are gone.Generally, I like this game and recommend to have it:)And also I very like CG: models and animation are pretty good!"
76561198122946265,Not Recommended,237630,29463169,Posted: 24 January,all,HP,"Quite entertaining, but crashes before final boss.So not recommended."
,Recommended,237630,15251282,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Yagyū,just magic ost and gameplay
,Recommended,237630,8607753,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Russian Bear,Great remake of a great game. Would be cool to see a remake of Duck Tales 2.
76561197961763886,Recommended,237630,12976098,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mertz de Nekodamus,Ducks are nature's rapists. 10/10
76561198028311032,Not Recommended,237630,34668718,Posted: 1 September,all,klawedflaw,"The game is fantastic, until the final boss freeze bug occurs. If it wasn't for that bug, I'd give this game a thumb up."
,Recommended,237630,34422551,Posted: 22 August,all,DeadArthas,"DuckTales: Remastered - it's colorful, hand-drawn remake of one of the most cherished"
,Not Recommended,237630,25929079,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NBlast,"Game hard crashes when fighting a final boss. You need to play on lower resolution, windowed, with process priorities set to low and still you need to pray for the success. If not for the amazing music from the last level (with the whole soundtrack on consistent, high quality throughout the game, by the way), I wouldn't attempt to try the last level +15 times to ultimately beat it.Plethora of needless, pace ruining cutscenes and the oddities with difficulty balance would leave a serious mark on this otherwise simple but decently made game, but the consistent crashes on the last stretch tips the scales. I'm not the only one with those problems. If you have rather new NVidia graphics card, you are risking buying the game that you could not beat.It's a shame, because it's really a honestly done remaster with lot's of heart put into it (sometimes even too much - those cutscenes are EVERYWHERE), but I ultimately cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,237630,28924489,Posted: 1 January,all,Booker,"Life is like a hurricane, here in Duck BurgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck blurMight solve a mystery, or rewrite history!Duck Tales (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Tales (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodLuck Tales (woo oo)When it's seems they're headed for the final curtainBold deduction never fails, that's for certainThe worst of messes become successes!Duck Tales (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Tales (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodLuck Tales (woo oo)D-D-Danger lurks behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab on to someDuck Tales (woo oo)Everyday they're out there making,Duck Tales (woo oo)Tales of daring-do bad and goodDuck Tales (woo oo)Not pony tails or cotton tailsNo, Duck Tales (woo oo)"
76561198060332091,Recommended,237630,23991120,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SilverWolf15,Like an epsode of ducktails come to life! amazing they got the old voice actors to come back and do there roles gain it feels very nastalgic if you played the NES version and slightly new. This is worth a buy!
76561198091234043,Recommended,237630,29668027,Posted: 3 February,all,Fredrik Konradsson,"ENGLISHThis game looks like it's going to be a fun and an easy game. BUT if you going to play it on expert, then it's going to be so hard that you go to the local grocery store and buy whatever makes you happy again (in my case: salted licorice and chocolate).One thing that is positive is that it doesn't matter how many times you get kissed by that giant vampire duck (because I didn't realise that you need to duck to avoid it), Scrooge McDuck is still going to have his happy face put on! :DSVENSKADet här spelet ser ut som om det kommer vara ett roligt och ett kul spel. MEN om du kommer att spela på expert, då kommer det vara så svårt att du far till mat affären och köper vad det än är som gör dig glad igen (i mitt fall: saltad lakrits och choklad).En sak som är positiv är att det spelar ingen roll hur många gånger du blir kysst av den där jätte vampyr ankan (därför jag förstod inte att man måste ducka för att undvika den), Farbror Joakim har fortfarande sitt glada ansikte på! :D"
,Recommended,237630,28598165,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LaLaWa,It's simply amazing!
,Recommended,237630,29289239,Posted: 15 January,all,thatfedoraguy,"DuckTales, woohoo!Every now and then, we lucky kids who grew up with 8 bit games, get to see a personal favorite reborn with the kind of graphics we always thought they had.  Capcom has delivered with just such an experience in this game.  Filling the screen with beautiful artwork, the storyline of this game remains true to the original, once more giving the fans of Duckburg a front row seat to the show.  The voice overs are perfect, the character cameos just right.Perhaps my favorite part of the game is not in the gameplay itself but in the extras like the ability to take Scrooge Mcduck to his vault to dive and swim in with his money. That same money can be used in game to purchase some behind the scenes looks at the concept art, including comparisons between the 8bit Scrooge and his Steam counterpart.Gameplay is exactly as you would expect, but if you want a gorgeous walk down memory lane, it worth nabbing while on sale."
,Recommended,237630,12680361,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sensei Jusu-Sama,"A well polished platformer from my childhood in HD, sign me up!The difficulties are working fine and the pogo-jumping is still fun.The voice acting and cut scenes are fun to watch... for the first time, but when you start to grind money for the achievements, you just want to skip them. Before you couldn't do that, but now you can.The music is memorable and I find myself sometimes just listening to the music in the background.This is a must buy for anyone who likes platformers and nostalgia."
,Recommended,237630,16851342,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Nedragaard,"4/5It's 1987 again!Duck Tails: Remastered, delivers exactly what it promised; a beautiful looking game that hasn’t lost it’s integrity.That’s right…   all the characters, levels and bosses you loved in the first game are here. In fact the game is pretty much exactly the same as the original.  Don’t let that fool you though. While your ear-drums are reliving the 80’, your eyeballs will be entranced by the beautiful artwork. And the voice acting is absolutely amazing!Great for kids and young gamers, as well as seasoned veterans; and if you used to run home from the bus stop to catch the show, like I used to…  It’s like a time machine with a controller.(controller recommended, but not needed)"
,Recommended,237630,2171316,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Hatty :],"I was never a big Platformer Fan but than I bought Ducktales Remastered, I love the 2D graphic, the soundtrack ""Ducktales wohoooo ♥"" and I really enjoyed it to see all the great characters again. It's a bit short, but you can play the levels again on a another difficult for achievments or extras like an ingame galery and I have to say it's just much fun and with the 3 difficults you can select it's really fair."
,Recommended,237630,8784297,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Rob,Good platformer which will bring you a good kick of nostalgia but could also disappoint you.Read my whole review here:http://www.themutegamer.com/review/ducktales-remastered/
,Recommended,237630,8626183,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Smuggs,Really good there is five mini levels which take around 25-45 mins each well the first 2 have.Nice graphics really clean and bright colours. Nice cut scenes ect and worth a buy nice to have in the collection and if you have kids a game they will enjoy joining in.10/10
,Recommended,237630,12179933,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"As fun as it was, DuckTales comes back on PC. I was very glad to experience it and I am still barely done with it. It feels exactly like playing the original and guess what, it is as frustrating. I remember staying up all night on my Gameboy trying to finish the amazon level or the Moon level only to end up losing all my lives from one mishap. Those who want a casual experience for a platformer, don't get it. Otherwise, get it if you are hardcore."
76561198072182182,Recommended,237630,16393827,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"A stunning remake of the NES classic!  It expands the original levels greatly while retaining all the trademark mechanics (pogo cane!!!) and hazards.  It also injects a lot more of the lore from the original cartoon than did the NES version, and they even got the original guy to do Scrooge's voice!  I don't need to tell you how great the high res sprites look.I played the NES version to death when I was a kid and watched the Ducktales cartoon about every weekday throughout grade school, so I think I am qualified to say this:Ducktales:  Remasteredis a terrific platformer and a ton better than the original.  WayForward really cared about the source material (both game and cartoon) and it shows in the polish!(NES Ducktales veterans must play this on hard.)"
76561197971021986,Recommended,237630,16526072,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,uni1313,"This is a remake of the NES version which I played a long time ago. I you have never played this game before I would recommend starting on Easy as Normal is quiet hard and can be frustrating.The graphics are very nice and suit the game. It's best played with a controller. It will take around 2 hours to finish, after that you can try other difficulty modes.It's a platformer, so it's best played with a gamepad. I used the Xbox 360 controller and it works flawlessly. As it's a remake of a NES game you only use 2 buttons. You can jump and jump with your pogo-stick to kill enemies.In the forums I read that some people can't finish the game because it crashed sometimes. With my setup (Win7 64bit + AMD R280X) I encountered no crashes and the game played flawlessly."
,Recommended,237630,17991215,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Lex Lagger,"Great throw back game,very well done right up to the end....Then it all falls apart. I've beaten the same boss 3 times now and the game always locks up when you do so you can't complete the game...Sad...Up until then it was fantastic. I'd give more details but I don't want to spoil it incase you've never played.I still recomend but since the game has a very breaking bug I have to give it 3/10 It doesn't matter how good the game is if it keeps crashing when every you beat or get close to beating it."
76561198072634115,Recommended,237630,15946404,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Oligarckh,"Just a friendly WARNING to people thinking about buying the game. People are having trouble when you get to the final boss fight and defeat him, the game freezes and cannot be fixed. So you cannot finish the game and get the achievements after putting in the hard work required to get to the end. There is a thread in the forums if you want more information. It may not happen to you, but I just feel you should have the information before purchasing because STEAM and CAPCOM won't be mentioning it but they WILL take your money.The game is very enjoyable (much like the NES version) and I was very happy with it up until that point. I hope someone will create a fix so the unlucky people who encountered the problem will be able to finish what they started."
,Recommended,237630,11226043,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Stolko,"WayForward once again delivers one of the best platformers of the decade and nobody ♥♥♥♥ing buys it.Why do you, the consumer, do this to WayForward? All they want to do is make good games."
,Recommended,237630,7504952,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Animus Furandi,"Just remake enough to appeal to fans of the original NES game, with just enough new content to stay current and appeal to a new audience. A great platformer in its own right, DuckTales: Remastered simply oozes charm and is worth every penny of the purchase price."
,Recommended,237630,28769014,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,UltimateWifu,"my favorite 2d platformer of all time, really good, kind of short but it's worth it's price"
76561198352543680,Recommended,237630,28636848,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SpaceBoy3645,"DuckTales: Remastered is a solid and often fun old school platformer. When the game focuses on the actual gameplay it is a blast. Simple controls that you should have down by the end of the tutorial. However, the game slips up by adding annoying cutscenes (I skipped almost all of them) and sometimes sticky controls and collision detection. My biggest complaint is from the games ending though. After a fairly challenging boss battle the game throws something else at you that just didn't fit with the rest of the game and became annoying. I know these kinds of levels are common in platforming games but here it felt out of the place. The game up to this point requires very little precision and the tight spaces and short time the ending forces on you comes out of nowhere. Even as someone who has played many similiar games this felt cheap and just didn't fit the flow of this particular game. If you're a fan or veteran of these kinds of games then you'll enjoy this for what it is but don't go looking for depth or even a huge challenge. If you're new to this genre then I suggest going with a more Shovel oriented platformer that used this game as it's inspiration."
76561197995202357,Recommended,237630,20976601,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CrashDefeat,"This is a cute game and I love it.  I'm using the keyboard controls and it's easy for me to play.  Just remember to turn down your computer's sound before you start playing, because if you don't this game is very loud if you don't.  Thanks for letting me relive my younger days.  Having a lot of fun.!!!!!"
,Recommended,237630,25124562,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,monsterrideop,"I remember playing the original on the NES, and at about 10 yrs old I never finished it.Than I found it here and breezed thru the Easy setting in a single sitting.The game overall is good. It plays almost exactly like the original, the only difference I remember being the cane jump. There was not option to make it a simple push of the button on the NES.The new levels are very good as well and while the end, ie the race to the top, is similar, it is much harder.The voice acting is very good as well and brings back memories of the animated series.The extras are nice and add some replayability as do the different difficulty levels. If you like to go for 100% than this will take up a good chunk of a time to do so.Of course my favorite part is the Moon level and the music upgrade is very good. On top of that the extra piano mix during the credits is nice as well.My suggestion, if you've played this on the NES, get it here but do it like Scrooge would and wait for a sale. It's a remake of the original and the extras are not quite worth $15 in my opinion."
76561197989752060,Recommended,237630,11122134,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lord Soth,"A funny little game, especially if you knew the original. Took me 4 hours to finish it, which is a bit longer than Castle of Illusion. But to be honest - Castle of Illusion was much better. Just like the original. Liked it anyways."
,Recommended,237630,35341863,Posted: 30 September,all,Bucket.| NEAR 100% MANIA,"Just play it. What's not to love? It's a classic NES game, remastered for today's consoles. It runs tremendously, the voices are fantastic, and it's all-around great! Just don't try watching the end cutscenes if you use Nvidia. Kinda can't beat the game if you do that.RIP Alan Young- one of the best voice actors of our time. May he find treasure in a better place.Sorry for the promotion after a saddening topic, but do you want more reviews much better than mine? Well, Cipher's Take On is the place for you!Join here!"
76561198041553041,Recommended,237630,10705239,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PredestinedChunk,"Warning Paragraph ahead:So before i continue this ""review"" i would like to say that i never played this game in its Nes form.Im sure the game is practically the same just (obviously) new graphics.Even though i was born in the era of amazing stories and endless beat em ups and shooters i still love myself a 2D side scroller and this game was the perfect little game to pick up for relativley cheap during the steam summer sale.So the story for this game is that scrooge Mcduck's vault was attacked by the beagle brothers to take a peice of art that Scrooge had.When Scrooge comes to stop them he finds out that the beagle brothers were after a treasure map.Once you Decipher the map you find 5 locations where the treasure is hidden these places are Translyvania,TheHimilayas,The amazon Jungle,African Mines,and The Mother ♥♥♥♥ing MOON! So in this story you play as Scrooge Mcduck(pretty ovbious if you saw any trailers/gameplay)And his 2 attacks are mario style jumping on enemies heads and whacking rocks at the enemies(In my opinion definitley alot more fun to jump on their heads)Throughout the game you find gems to increase your cash and ice cream and cake(and cake) to refill your health and Characters from the show like Huey,Dewie,and Louie(scrooges grandkids)You also see Duckworth the butler and Mrs. Bentina Beakley. Back to the health topicSpeaking of health one of my favorite things is that you have infinite life so you can mess up as many times as you want(like i did)(ALOT) and you wont get penilaized for it which i think was a great addition to the game. In my time in playing i had no negative comments to the game besides the fact that you cannot change the controls from UP,DOWN,LEFT,RIGHT,to WASD it lets you change it but doesnt keep it when you get into the game.Beside that small thing i really enjoyed this game and thought it was a blast to play and definitley a fun time for people who like classic 2D sidescrollers"
76561198096967374,Recommended,237630,25186876,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kevinschmidtke,"Let me start by saying that I have experienced no technical difficulties at any point while playing this game, but according to other reviews there seem to be issues for some people.In short I would probably give this game an 8/10 point rating.The graphics are simply beautiful, the soundtrack is awesome and the gameplay is exactly what you'd expect if you've played the NES game. I do feel like the game sometimes eats my inputs, but the only time that was actually a problem  was the escape after the final boss. You also stop shortly when you land after a normal jump, which is kind of annoying at times.I would not call this a remaster. I know where they are coming from, but this is technically a remake. A lot of things feel familiar, but others just seem completely different. I personally don't have an issue with that, but it's fair to say that this is not 100% the same levels you played on your NES. The biggest changes are the two added stages and the boss battles. You have now a short intro stage that introduces the plot, and instead of going to transylvania again for the final boss you get an actual final stage here. The Boss battles, while still resembling the originals are a lot longer and the bosses are usually bigger. Again, the final boss has probably the biggest changes, adding a lot more variety and making him actually somewhat difficult on your first few tries.However the game has one big problem, and that's the cutscenes. They are really well done, with, I think, all of the TV series cast and while I do enjoy them there are simply too many. Or more specifically there are too many minor ones inside the stages. When you collect important items there's always a cutscene, even if it's just a small monologue by Scrooge. I can understand mthem at some points, especially when there are other characters to interact with like scrooges nephews or Webby. But some are simply unnecessary or go on for too long.But despite this I think the game was really well done and, despite it taking me only a bit over 4 hours, is absolutely worth it's money."
,Recommended,237630,28979893,Posted: 3 January,all,[SCI] LeRedstonewiz.TFB,"Life is like a hurricanehere in duckburgracecars,lasers,airplanesIt's a duckblurmight solve a mysteryor rewrite historyDuck Tales ooh-woo-oohEveryday they're out there makingDuck Tales ooh-woo-oohTales of derring-do Bad and good luck talesD-d-d dangerWatch behinf youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab onto someDuck Tales ooh-woo-oohEveryday they're out there makingDuck Tales ooh-woo-oohTales of derring-do Bad and good luck talesooh-woo-ooh Not pony tails or cotten tails,noDuck Tales ooh-woo-ooh"
76561198139533370,Recommended,237630,27906324,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marcus Bahena,"Man! This game is a piece of mind!The music is really like a thunder stroke that blows up my mind erevytime i open the game and play, this really deserve to received The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award!This is amazing! I really love this game and I m not that Disney fan, but Ducktales are awesome!Is really the same Super Famicon adventure! But just more bright and beautiful!Totaly recommended! Buy Now!"
76561197993105271,Not Recommended,237630,17086002,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Obeydub,Ok so i beat the DUck and the game freezes what the f fix the game and send me my money backk.........
76561197994672512,Not Recommended,237630,15924404,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[G1rlG4m3rZ]Julia,"First off actually this is a yes review, because i ducking love DuckTales, it's all about jumping on a cane and ducking those ducky enemies right out of duckhell. The Game contains an easymode, for the stoned players who can't jump straight, you pretty much can't lose in this mode. Then the Medium difficulty in which lets you have some continues, and then it's game over.I played the game through and arrived at the last level, duck, that was a ride. And then boom last screen, tension intensifies and DUCK DUCK DUCK!!! WHAT THE DUCK!...It crashed, i tried it 5more times and DUUUUUCK DUCK DUCK DUCK this godducked ducking game...Well i guess it's just me, the games awesome but i'll never kill that ducking boss nor finish the game :("
76561198076176773,Not Recommended,237630,8268203,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Alistair L,"Good, stylish, nostalgic game sidelined by crappy, delayed control. If you want to play Duck Tales, get the original on NES or use an NES emulator. I can't in good conscience recommend you spend money on this version."
,Not Recommended,237630,8849548,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kreegath,"This is a hard game to review; because while it's by no means a trainwreck, it's lacking in every aspect of what I felt made the original game for the NES so good. I played the original when it first came out as my older brother got it for christmas, so my heavy bias of childhood nostalgia will probably make the motivations for not recommeding ""Ducktales: Remastered"" quite different from someone getting into Ducktales now, through online buzz, hype and word-of-mouth.The aspects that made the original so great for me were the tight controls, the fast-paced gameplay and the memorable music.  In this game, all three of those aspects fall short of living up to the NES version.I tried playing the game with the keyboard at first, but that turned out to be nothing short of a horrid experience. The wonky hitboxes were made much worse by the *extremely* sluggish controls. You could hit enemies with your pogo stick and still take damage, while killing them at the same time. Also, some areas require you to abort your pogo jump mid-air to not hit the ceiling or an enemy waiting at the top of the screen, which with the keyboard controller was just blind luck as the game hardly ever responded fast enough, making you overjump or underjump woth little to no fault of your own. Getting a gamepad helped out a bunch, making the game playable again, with a barely passing grade. However, barely passing isn't good enough for something which purports to have remastered the NES version. Rose-coloured glasses aside, going back to the original, you *clearly* feel a difference in the controls. The response time here just is not up to the standards of a 22(?) year older game, and that partly ruins the experience.In regards to the fast-paced gameplay, I'm again sad to report that the remake falls short by leaps and bounds. Every other minute you are rudely interrupted from playing the game by it just pausing to play a cutscene. I found an option to turn off cutscenes, but even with that option active you will still find yourself annoyed by constant roadblocks on every part of every level. They add nothing to the experience, it's just a completely unnecessary (shoe-horned in) storyline that goes against the very concept of the game, to send you on a action-packed, exploration and treasure seeking adventure. In this regard the remake gets a failing grade, it does not live up to the original.The music is a matter of preference. Either you like it or you activate the original soundtrack. I found the remade music entirely pointless. It felt way over-produced and intrusive, like they felt they had to change it for the sake of changing it. The original soundtrack is, in old-school gaming circles, almost legendary. There's no need to ever change from it to the new, inferior stuff in my opinion. Additionally, it's worth mentioning the extremely wooden and lifeless voice acting job. The voices aren't bad, you can clearly hear who's who and whom they are supposed to sound like, but it's just so incredibly uninspired and unengaged. Makes the jokes fall flat and it completely drains all energy out of the gaming sections between cutscenes.I can't recommend this game for these reasons. It's got sluggish and irritating controls, bad sound and choppy and uneven gameplay. It got everything wrong about what the original got right, and it doesn't add anything of value to the NES game. You can watch a playthrough on youtube instead of wasting money on this game. Or, better yet, play the (again in my opinion) far superior original to this pale imitation."
,Recommended,237630,26049032,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,shadowboof90,"I loved this game on the NES back in the day, when i heard they were remastering it i was so excited to see what they would bring to the table and i was not disappointed i noticed people were saying the game was crashing on the last boss but it seemed fine to me i never once experienced any problems with the game.Pros.Great art styleReplay value for getting all the gallery itemsMusic is fantasticGreat voice acting.Cons.Only one it wasn't long enough haha'If you love platformers then this game is for you especially if you played the original game on the nes.So i give this game a 9.5 out of 10 the .5 being because it felt too short to me apart from that i cannot fault it whatsoever."
,Recommended,237630,32969795,Posted: 28 June,all,PotterAndMatrixFan,"DuckTales Remastered is a very fun platformer, but it's also very hard and rage inducing. Never the less it's a good game, it got awesome voice acting and animations, so much so the game feels like it's straight out of the old school DuckTales show.The soundtrack is very good as well, having the classic theme in it.If you can handle a few tough parts, I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,237630,33142490,Posted: 2 July,all,Gunslinger,I had played DuckTales(NES) game in 1996 when I was 6 years old boy and completed this game when I was 13 years old. DuckTales: Remastered made this game recover my childhood instantly.
76561197972085917,Recommended,237630,25222731,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kyleg001,"Fun game, brings back many memories. The game has great visuals the songs were revamped and sound very good. Overall a good buy, however I played through the game using a xbox 360 controller and often found that the game would not respond to pressing the jump button in many spots and jumping between ropes/chains/etc was very difficult using the analog stick on the controller, It seems not to recognize the right/left and up simultaneous movements. The combination of these two made the last climb in the game very frustrating. This may have just been my setup/controller. On the Dracula boss, I found that the ""bat crush"" was nearly impossible to center the character as not to get hit while using the analog stick. It feels like testing was rushed on the last portion of the game. Having said that, if you played and enjoyed the original then you should pick this up."
76561198042288672,Recommended,237630,29581854,Posted: 30 January,all,DoubleG,"The minute this game starts and the familiar sounds of the Ducktales theme begins to play, I knew I was in for a delight. If you're a fan of the old tv show, and platforming type of games, then Ducktales is definitely for you. All of the right nostalgia notes are hit perfectly. The sounds. The looks. The original voice actors doing the work. It's fantastic. I felt like I was watching a lost episode as I played through it.I've heard complaints that there is too much dialogue and too many cut scenes, and maybe there is, if you hate a game to have a story. But me? I absolutely loved it, and was always curious to see what would happen next. No, this isn't a note for note remake of the old Nintendo classic, but then what would the point of that be? If you want the old game, play the old game. The remaster aims high, trying to be true to the source material, while also doing its own thing. I think it succeeds. This is a really fun game to play.The platforming controls well, and the puzzle aspects of the game aren't too difficult. I will say that the challenge does ramp up a bit towards the end, but it's nowhere near as tough as the old 8 bit games of yesteryear. Ducktales isn't a super long game, and can be played through in a few hours your first time, but there are achievements, leaderboards, and plenty of things to collect that provide replay value.I recommend this game to anyone who likes platformers, or the old Ducktales cartoon, and give it not pony tails or cotton tails, just a big thumps up. Woo Hoo!Rating: 45454025691010 Lucky Dimes out of 45654045684060.Verdict: Go play it."
,Recommended,237630,8583579,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TostiTostelli,Very funny and enjoyable.
,Recommended,237630,34469769,Posted: 24 August,all,spy_hunter103,The game is good but with a few issues. The difficulty spikes extremely on the last level and especially on the last two stages of the last level. It's like Ninja Gaiden hard. Till then everything is quite manageable and all of a sudden you are required to make pixel perfect jumps.
76561198031201473,Recommended,237630,34364828,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,"Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes - it's a duck blurYou might solve a mystery or rewrite historyDuck Tales, Oo-ooTales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooD-d-d-danger, watch behind you - there's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab onto some Duck Tales, oo-oo!Not pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!When it seems they're headed for the final curtainBold deduction never fails, that's for certainThe worst of messes become successes!Duck Tales, Oo-ooTales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooNot pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!"
76561198076712683,Recommended,237630,29091215,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,Alphaomegasin brought me to this game when he was talking about remastered games. So I decided to try this game out and so far I'm enjoying it.
,Recommended,237630,30512819,Posted: 14 March,all,BlueAura,"Beautiful HD graphics for the backgrounds, characters, and enemies with great silly writing.  I've never seen the Ducktales cartoons but really enjoyed my time with this game nonetheless.  Strongly recommended for Ducktales fans and recommended for fans of 2.5D platformers.  It's a fun time!"
,Recommended,237630,452871,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Auburok,"This is how ""remakes"" or in this case: ""remastered"" titles should be done. The original game was solid aside from it's obvious NES limitations, like color palette and awkward text-based storytelling in the corner.WayForward took the original game's foundation and didn't fix what wasn't broken; Scrooge's arsenal is still just his cane. What they did do, however, is expand the original levels in a method that is fitting of the source material, take the original music and orchestrate it, nab the surviving voice actors to act out their rolls (the only changes are Flintlock, Gyro, Fenton and Mrs. Beakly, all whom have passed away) and redo all the art assets with Disney talent assisting with staying true to the style of the show. The attention to detail is pretty amazing, and without a doubt this is the best Disney game out there.WayForward even, against all odds, managed to get a DuckTales appropriate story to go along with the original game's pieced together story, and it works pretty well considering. Not only that, but they managed to keep the difficulty of the game, and ramping it up in some parts. It's refreshing that the game isn't tuned down for the 21st century, as it really is a classic.If you're a fan of DuckTales (in my case: it's my favorite Disney franchise) and enjoyed the original game, $15 is going to be a steal for this sort of opportunity. The game is short, so it's value drops considerably if you're not a fan of the show, the old NES game, or platformers in general, but it's definitely a mechanically solid and fun game, and worth your time if you've missed Duckberg these last 20 years."
,Recommended,237630,2526590,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,froakiethroat,"Just finished my 7th playthrough of this, and I can safely say that Ducktales: Remastered dethrones Bionic Commando: Rearmed as the best NES remake out there.25 years on, it's still one of the greatest platformers of all time. If you missed this back during the NES days, now is the time to see what all the fuss is about.Props to WayForward for a great redo. Here's hoping the deal with Disney holds long enough to see Rescue Rangers and Goof Troop make a return."
,Recommended,237630,34554169,Posted: 28 August,all,A.,"If you played the NES version of DuckTales, then you should try the remastered version.It's great, it have all the same level as the NES game with more variety such as the boss with updated look and new patterns while keeping the old pattern, exploration needed on each level to progress, and remastered soundtrack.One thing that I notice when I'm doing my Extreme run is that the boss that I have beaten suddenly become black screen. I see many people getting this bug as well but in my experience, I got the bug once and I had to force close the game and restart the run. Kinda sucks but other than that, it's all good.If you see this game on sale and have some spare cash, go ahead and try this game. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,237630,11953029,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,DUKEzors,It's quacktacular!
,Recommended,237630,33073973,Posted: 1 July,all,brox,"Haven't expirencied such great emotions since were the kid, Amazing remaster with beatiuful graphic.I would even say it's very difficult without save option. Lost battle with boss please start over entire level."
,Recommended,237630,29081397,Posted: 7 January,all,El K0ircho,"Ya like ducks? Ya like Tales? Ya like remastered? Well guess what, it got those and MORE!!! Like dogs ya like dogs? Well theres dogs and birds and Planes and a lot of ducks. Do I like this goime? YEEEEEE BoI PreTTTTy guD goim I give it a 2/3. Dosnt have my favorateeeess of birsd like crow or dingo but gAd game."
,Recommended,237630,28680486,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FR35H_BL00D,What to do? Just grab onto some Ducktales oo-oo! Not pony tails or cotton tails but Ducktales oo-oo!
,Recommended,237630,28855182,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pendejosuta,It's a game about ducks getting rich. Why shouldn't you play it?
,Recommended,237630,29106798,Posted: 7 January,all,Mark Fairfox,"This game is a lot of fun, the hole time I was playing I felt like I was a little kid again. Alan Young was the best with his voice acting and it was awesome and him being over 90 years old, it was fantastic. Not that many people get to reprise there rolls at that age.I will say the worst part about this game is starting a new game undos all of what you unlocked. I wish I could change the difficulty without undoing all of your work. Still this game looks good and sounds grand, plays really good better then the Nintendo Entertainment System version.Even knowing Alan Young is not with us any more I would love Ducktales 2 to be remasterd as well, maybe they could use the new cast for the 2017 show."
76561198040642365,Recommended,237630,25004045,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Snootch,"I just noticed Duck Tales: Remastered was on sale for $5.  That is the most I would recommend that you pay for this game.  In terms of what you are getting, there are two aspects to this game: (1) a very simple 2-button side-scroller kids game and (2) nostalgia.  Some gamers will value one more than the other; some will want both.  I value DuckTales: Remastered at about $2.50 for the genre and $2.50 for the nostalgia, in comparison to other games out there on Steam.The emulated version of the original Duck Tales game for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) back in the late 1980s is available for free on the internet and is legal to download, own, copy, etc.  You can play the 8-bit version and compare it to this one.The obvious differences you'll notice in this version offered here on Steam are the upgrades to the graphics and sound.  Hence, for a very simple 2-button side-scroller kids game, you will be able to expend a few hours of your life hopping around and trying not to get hit by things or to fall into pits.  However, this genre of 2-D, 2-button, side-scrolling kids action means that you won't be developing your character (such as ""leveling up""), or carrying around an inventory of various items, or solving challenging puzzles.  Instead, you will simply be jumping and bouncing on top of bad guys, occasionally golf-shotting less than 20 rocks all game.  Very straightforward; very simple; not a bad way to spend your time, especially for $2.50.In terms of nostalgia, this particular game (the ""Remastered"" version) is unique for a few different reasons when compared to other games on the market, especially of the same genre.  For starters, it's based on a wildly popular Disney cartoon series from about 30 years ago, and they even brought back the voice actors of the popular series to do some voice-overs for this game (during the cut scenes between stages).  Also, Duck Tales: Remastered is a faithful rendition of the original NES game, which itself was a smash hit.  The familiarity of the simple gameplay and kids action genre will remind you of what it was like to play games as a younger person.  Essentially, playing Duck Tales (the original or the Remastered versions) will make you feel like you are participating in a Duck Tales cartoon episode.  For $2.50, that's pretty cool for a few hours of your life.  I analogize this to buying six episodes of the show on DVD, for example.So if you only prefer simple kids games but don't care about the popular Disney cartoon series or the original NES version, then I'd recommend that you get this game when it finally goes on sale for $2.99 or less.  If you are nothing but a lover of popular Disney stuff (especially Duck Tales) and/or love remakes of great old-school video games, then I'd recommend that you get this game when it finally goes on sale for $2.99 or less.  If you are a diehard fan of both the genre and the associated nostalgia, then I'd recommend you pay no more than $4.99 for Duck Tales: Remastered.  (And I'd also recommend that you legally obtain an emulated version of the NES version in either case.)"
,Recommended,237630,10645088,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Akka,"It's a little like Megaman X in that you do not want to start with the Jungle level at the top of the list.Punishing difficulty relents as you collect heart containers. 10/10 soundtrack and they even have the classic voice actors. Some levels will destroy you while others present essentially no challenge to anyone remotely familiar with platforming. Gameplay doesn't get any more complex than pogo-sticking around unfortunately, but the wide variety of terrain and bosses make up for it.DO BAD AND GOOD LUCK TALES"
76561198008899722,Recommended,237630,13888355,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"It's short, simple and cheap and has some of the good ole Duck Tales nostalgia.  One minor annoyance that I found is that I couldn't skip the cut scenes, which kind of drags on."
76561197976028805,Not Recommended,237630,21467049,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Frast,Game breaking freeze bug for Nvidia Cards. Devs won't fix.
,Not Recommended,237630,16255008,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ziggyrnr,"To be honest, this game is pretty great.  The blend of 2D and 3D art is perfect and the animations are nothing but superb. The game plays well like an old school action platformer and though the story is simple and silly it has the Disney charm making it fun to play through.So why I am not going to recommend this game to buyers?Well the game played great for me throughout the first 5 levels, but on the last level, right before the last boss, the game crashes.   I mean, honestly, what frustrates me the most is that the crash happens right before the last boss, RIGHT BEFORE!  No matter what I do, reinstall game, skip cinematics, sacrifice a horned toad to the gods of computer crashing, nothing.  I cannot finish this game!   So therefore, I cannot recommend anyone to buy it.I have read this issue happens to some people, can't really say a lot of people, but surely some.   Maybe you'll buy this game and nothing will happen and then you can come back to this review and mock me for not being able to enjoy the sweet relief of a plot twist being unraveled.   Then again, maybe you'll run into the exact same issue I have, or worst.In any case, buy this flawed gem at your own risk.  If anything, wait to  get it on sale discount and keep it in your library for when technology will be advanced enough to fix whatever issue is going on with the last boss.  That's if by then, our robot overlords will even show any interest in fixing this instead of destroying humanity.Toss a coin before hitting buy."
,Not Recommended,237630,17689578,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,jtb2525,"The game is a lot of fun, sadly I can't complete it due to the dracula bug at the end of the game."
,Recommended,237630,10628886,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,OtakuBrony,"Ducks, that is all."
,Not Recommended,237630,33591489,Posted: 16 July,all,prtycruz,"Fun game while it lasts but I cannot unfortunately recommend this game to anyone.The reason for this is that the game likes to freeze, preventing me from beating the final boss of the game. I read a discussion on the forums where an individual had the same problem and tried to contact the publisher/developer but only received messages which didn't help at all. This freezing issue has something to do with NVIDIA cards and directx. It was brought up in 2015 and 2 years later nothing has been done to fix it. This clearly shows how much the publisher cares about their product's functionality.Fine. But don't expect me to go recommending this game to anyone."
,Recommended,237630,8585053,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dorimi 王朗,Just like back into the futere :D A+
,Not Recommended,237630,8272243,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Submarine_SantaFe,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone.  I loved and played the original NES version many, many times.  Sadly, that version is still superior.  The only thing the new version does is add TONS of annoying and unskippable dilagoue that is corny, cliché, and predictable. The controls are pretty awful on a keyboard and they change the plot, tweak the music, and the cutscenes (which there are far too many of) are agonizing to watch.   Their idea of replay value is having you buy pictures of the original art and awful concept art sketches with the money you earn in game.  These sketches could be done on a napkin or wet toilet paper.  It's horrible.  The last level is frustratingly difficult and you thankfully have infinite lives but it's still annoying.  Also, it is NOT a direct remake. They changed the graphics, various levels, how you warp back to translyvania etc. and also changed every end boss.  This game is unspectacular enough to fail to wow new converts with the simple gameplay and the massive amount of corny cutscenes is sure to annoy the target audience gamer that is now 30ish and played this back in the day.  Remember the Amazon level?  Well, it's almost the same except now have have to Pause 8 different times for an annoying cutscene that you cannot skip where scrooge rips on the helicopter pilot in obvious and cheesy ways.   I loved the original ducktales and cannot possibly recommend this piece of sucktales, no matter how cheap you get it on sale for. AVOID!!!"
76561197966366291,Recommended,237630,10638487,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Echoes,"This game will take you back to the platforming genre in all its glory. Not only is this remake a masterpiece, but it also has the original voice actors for the dialogue which is an impressive achievement. The music is addictive, the gameplay is great, and the visuals are excellent. I won't give a numerical rating because those numbers won't give this game the justice it deserves."
76561198100369187,Recommended,237630,10476493,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Dildo Baggins,Webby's prety hot 10/10
76561197982920540,Recommended,237630,9589456,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Erik Birger Karlsson,Platforming Nostalgia at it's finest. The animations are smooth and well done and the music is -- REALLY EPIC -- especially if you've heard the 8-bit music from the original game before. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,237630,9592901,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Aya,"Have you ever played the original Ducktales for NES? Did you enjoy it? Do you wanna play a upgraded and improved version of it? Simply buy this one, you won't regret it. Even if you aren't familiar with the original and if you at least enjoy 2D platformers."
76561197997898381,Recommended,237630,9935817,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Pacifish,"Pros:Ducktales: Remastered has gorgeous art, a fantastic soundtrack, and is just a super-fun casual game. I've played through several times, and I still occasionally come back to play again. Additions and alterations to the original content are by far positive.Cons:Occasionally, the controls are not as responsive as it seems they should be (pogo and grabbing). The final level is also notoriously frustrating due to this issue. Despite this, I still highly recommend it."
,Recommended,237630,9955810,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Suomynona,"Dispite what a lot of people would probably believe, this game is not purely a nostalgia title. I, who never played the original title OR watched the show, still thoroughly enjoy it. It's a simpler gameplay style that I personally find more enjoyable than a lot of what's on Steam right now. However it is best to play with a controller because the keyboard layout is slightly confusing. Another issue I have with this game is that it isn't perfectly omptimized, and it lags through cutscenes and blinks the characters sprites nonstop on my computer. Lastly, the collectibles in the mansion feel a bit shoved in at last moment. Probably because they were.Four stars out of five."
,Recommended,237630,10680952,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tera Lane,"This game, will take you back into time. A time where games were simplier and cartoons were actually entertaining with their stories that teaches the viewers about mortals. With the graphics, sounds, and the original voice actors from Duck Tales.  Buy it if you miss your late 80's - early 90's childhood. Be great to introduce your child of what you enjoyed when you were that age."
,Recommended,237630,10994923,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Spookey,"Very fun platformer, brings me back to the good old days. This isn't the same as all the crappy platformers today, this game is fun and entertaining. Has a little humor, and jokes put into it, and is a good story I guess :P I am very glad I bought this game. If you like platformers, or games back in the day; I highly suggest this game..Very short though, beat the game within 3 hours"
76561197997402655,Recommended,237630,12089961,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Gergle,Perfect!
76561198067774312,Recommended,237630,12086370,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,JonBax,"MASTERPIECE! ""If you miss the good old days..."""
,Recommended,237630,3774620,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,♥ RyoL ♥,"This game, I must say, is a definitive of a remake. Not only that it brings the game to life, but the gameplay is slightly improved somewhat. It brings so much manly tears of my eyes due to nostalgia. As a huge fan of Disney and an old school gamer, I would reccommend this.*listens to Ducktales theme song while she writes this review*Ducktales A-whoo-hoo! *bang* ^^"
76561198009242021,Recommended,237630,8212998,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,FinalGamer,"As someone whose first videogame was DuckTales when I was 4 years old, I was excited about this remake ever since it first made its announcement.  I am very happy to say that I was not disappointed.  DuckTales Remastered is a perfect example of how to do a remake of an old-school game.Controls are exactly the same to the point of my muscle memory working perfectly, the option to turn Hard Pogo on or off is a godsend, the music may be rather busy for some but I personally find to be a fantastically expansive soundtrack, the characters have all of their personality back with most of the original cast coming back in full flawless form, and lastly the difficulty still remains as an honestly tricky game on some parts.If you think this is just the same old game from the NES, you're wrong.  It's even BETTER than that, with more expansive levels, mission objectives, a helpful little map system and a much more involving story that's just as kooky and carried away as the old episodes themselves, DuckTales Remastered made me relive my entire childhood in the span of just hours.  Buy it.  Love it.  Like a hurricane."
76561198040940701,Recommended,237630,11358966,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,thylacine221,"I got this game expecting a simple remake of the NES DuckTales game (which, to date, remains one of my favorite NES games), only with better graphics and music. I didn't expect that they would put in a coherent plot, voice acting, and the overall feeling of an episode of the television series. It felt like I was watching one of my childhood shows again!For those who haven't had the pleasure of playing this game's predecessor, I will say that this is geared towards a younger audience. If you have kids just learning to play games, this would be a fantastic choice. It may be a bit juvenile for some other players. That said, if one can't get past that to enjoy a well-engineered playing experience like this one, there's not much else I can say to persuade you. This is a great game."
76561198032067409,Recommended,237630,8626260,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,USM-Valor,"The Good: The game looks good, plays well, and sounds even better than you remembered.The Bad: The length. This game is short. I beat it in 3 hours. Granted, I played on Easy, but on normal you'll likely beat it in 4-5 unless the last board trips you up as that is a PITA.The Bottom Line: Great game for fans of the show. Great game for fans of the original. Great game for kids. Get it if you are any or all of those things."
,Recommended,237630,11194690,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,76561193742692947,"Remember that awesome Saturday afternoon TV show about Scrooge McDuck and the adventures he had with his three nephews? Remember that awesome NES game they made about the TV show which you probably picked up at somebody's garage sale, and it ended being one of the best games the NES had to show? Remember that remake you always dreamt of?......So now that the DuckTales remake you always wanted is here, the question is, ""Did they deliver?""NEStalgiaIt's all there. The music, gameplay, bosses, enemies, characters, treasure, loot, gems, the Moon, and everything that made the NES game great is in Ducktales: Remastered. However, they did change a few of the level layouts and parts of the story to make the game interesting to those who are re-visitng from the NES game. The biggest changes are in the beginning and in the end of the game where they added some stuff (sorry, no spoilers).Gameplay*Gameplay is fluid and controls almost exactly like the original. You control Scrooge McDuck who attacks by jumping on enemies with his cane. When he lands on the ground or on an enemy with his cane, he bounces off, causing him to continually bounce in a pogo-like fashion for as long as you hold the button down.*Most beginning parts of levels are very similar to the originals, but the later parts are extended and have added sections for longer play.*You start off with the option of beginner or medium difficulty and unlock harder difficulties as you progress.*The 2D hand-drawn sprites are beautiful as well as the 3D modeling for the stages. Original Disney artists Mike Peraza and Rick Evans drew the backgrounds.*Even the steam achievements are well placed and add a depth of challenge to the game.MusicOnce you beat the game for your first time, you have the option to switch between the awesome remixed versions (default) or the original NES soundtrack! What more could you ask for!?Story*The plot is somewhat basic but features most of the Ducktales cast you know and love.*Voice actors - Alan Young is still the voice of Scrooge! He's ninety-four years old! The characters Duckworth, Launchpad, and Magica De Spell are all voiced by the original cast.*If you didn't come for story, cutscenes are skippable.So... ""Did they deliver?"" My answer would have to be, ""Oh yes they did!"" So much so that I would recommend this to everyone who loves a good platformer and not just people who played the original."
,Recommended,237630,7450851,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Mr. Dormidont,"DuckTales: Remastered - восхитительный, созданный на пределе великолепия, безупречный ремейк этой беспорно культовой для меня игры! Настоятельно  и категорически рекомендую всем и каждому!"
76561197971716114,Recommended,237630,534122,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Disciple1968,A classic bit of NES gaming remastered for todays hardware. Fun and refreshing in every single way. Well worth a buy if you are feeling a bit nostalgic. Need a 360 controller for it though.
,Recommended,237630,10672930,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mika Pauli Häkkinen,TOSI KIVA PELI XD I R8 8/8
,Recommended,237630,6700144,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Mallzhen,O mais belo presente da capcom para nos. GENIAL.
,Recommended,237630,11312499,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Burnout,"GOTY, all years"
,Recommended,237630,8609924,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Aro,If you ever played this as a kid on the NES its the same game...only better!!  Mechanics and level design hold true to the original while having a much needed visual facelift done.  I played with my niece/nephew sitting beside me and they got a total kick out of it.  Well worth re-living those memories and maybe passing some new ones down.
,Recommended,237630,8730018,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dark,"Not only does this game bring back a great platformer, it also brings back a great TV show through the animation and voice acting."
76561197998525268,Recommended,237630,8231023,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Earthmover,Very nostalgic.  I would highly recommend to anyone who played the original.
,Recommended,237630,11190704,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,jbtheskater,"The music and aesthetics will keep you coming back but it seems that even nostalgia isn’t enough to take the edge off the frustration inducing mechanics and imprecise hit detection. In a sentence: gaming has moved on since the original release and this re-mastered version is stubbornly refusing to.First up, I loved the music of the original and really enjoyed the game as a kid. I remember it being a bit frustrating back then like so many games from that era(Ghostbusters on Nintendo to this day defeats me). Nevertheless I assumed (as it turns out, wrongly) that I must have found it difficult because of my age and lack of experience and I would be able to tackle this remastered version without too much difficulty. I couldn’t have been more wrong. Although the game looks and sounds great (and it really sounds great), the hit detection on enemies and the environmental objects is a little off which can make a big difference. The levels are gorgeous to look at, with Transylvania Castle being a standout however, the actual design is not polished in the way modern platformers like Super Meat Boy, or even Rayman, are.All too often enemies are positioned such that you can only kill them by taking a hit yourself, a concession the game itself seems to recognise. Almost immediately after you encounter such poorly placed enemies there is a health pick-up. It’s as though the game is saying “yeah, we know that is a moronic place to put that enemy, so here, have some cake by way of an apology.” Except that doesn’t work when you only have room to take one more hit. You never get the cake, you only get frustrated. You can vary the height of your jump but when you use the pogo jump the method of controlling that height is just too inconsistent.To add to this frustration, the game sticks rigidly to its old school roots. This means you can only take so many hits before you die and only so many deaths before it is game over. When it’s game over you are sent back to the level select screen to start over. No checkpoint continues here, oh no. Back you go to the menu to select that level again. This is a truly baffling design choice. Sending you back to the level select instead of letting you simply restart the level only adds to the pent up frustration.Each level can take 20-30 minutes and when you are replaying the same level over and over, only to get to the boss, die and have to play through another 20 minutes to get back to the boss only to die again, it becomes very grating very quickly.Then end level deserves a special mention. When you think you have completed the game there is an after-boss section which will push you to the brink. Its inclusion seems totally needless and when you sit through the end of game credits to read of how many game testers and QA people were involved in this product it simply boggles the mind that they decided to leave this in. 6 hours of my life I will not get back.I started it so I finished it, and if nothing else, the look and sound of the game kept bringing me back which counts for something. The original voice cast is a nice touch as is the added in-game concept art etc.Why do I recommend it? Well if you played the original you will mostly like this re-master. If you didn't play the original I would say try this out with my comments in mind. It is not a terrible game by any stretch and it will bring a smile to your face, but it is not a top tier platform game and as you play through it you will come to appreciate just how far platform games have come."
76561198035145551,Recommended,237630,4290692,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Kinebudz,It's ♥♥♥♥ing ducktales ... just buy it
,Recommended,237630,7818992,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[GBus] Superbus,"I recommend this with some caution; you need to have a bit of patience to deal with this game's BS. If you lose your lives - and this is harder than the NES version was - it's back to the beginning of that stage. That gets old, FAST.If you can deal with that? This is a great game, especially if you're of an age where you can remember the original show."
76561198039355496,Recommended,237630,8264434,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,bcalrogers,"Extremely short but well worth the small price tag especially for those familiar with the original Ducktales games. Extremely enjoyable with some extra polish.Replayed for the third time, thins game holds up."
,Recommended,237630,3198484,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,WineCannon,"Much much more than just catering to nostalgia junkies, despite how it may look. It gives you a feeling similar to playing Rayman Origins, so if you liked that, then definitely get this."
76561197970698781,Recommended,237630,17482232,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,zigzagdance,"Loved the NES game. This verson is embarrassing to play. My mom walks into my room and always says I'm too old to be playing kids games, and that I'm 33 and haven't done♥♥♥♥♥♥with my life. Still having trouble with the moon level."
76561198175651133,Recommended,237630,20332685,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Maus,"This is a really good game with the same 8-bit thrill I used to have with NES-clone many years ago.100% met my expectations.I can tell this firmly after having completed the game.Good:+Just like it used to be and has to be: fun and joyfull gameplay; neither long, nor short; nice background story properly integrated within the game progress.+Runs alright on low-end systems if you slightly lower the resolution and screen filtering (I have laptop with integrated 128 Mb video memory, 3GB RAM and Intel Core2 Duo @ 2 GHZ CPU and I have experienced very seldom framerate drops)+Can be played on keyboard, gamepad is not a must at all+Great escalation curve - the game is gradually becoming challenging but never becomes stressfull+100% family friendly+Good secrets and achievements system - you don't have to spend hours for fruitless attempts to keep discovering secret ares and unlocking achievements. Maps layouts in general are very smart in this respect.Good community guides are already avaliable to fascilitate the progress.Can't call it 'bad', probably 'minor flaws' will answer it better:- can't skip dialogues or speed them up (at least I've failed to do so). But is it a serious isse?Would recommend for causual players, platformer and cartoon enthusiasts, and for sure to take a new look at nostalgia themes."
,Recommended,237630,8832436,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Exsul Aeger,"A fantastic remake of a 1989 NES classic, a childhood wrapped in HD and a genuinely good game in its own rights."
,Recommended,237630,21087580,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,vetmode,"It's a cute game. Recommended if you played the original for the gameboy. Otherwise, I would only recommend this on sale. The graphics are nice, the difficulty level is actually still quite high (for modern games) but at least they added a respawn instead of the old instant death gameover. Still not really a game for kids. Graphics are fine, music is great, voice acting on point. Unfortunately it won't take you more than 2-3 hours to finish and the replay value is zero. In fact the only thing you can do is unlock a few gallery pics, sounds and to fill the treasury by collecting more money. But the levels are all the same and it will take you more than 5 playthroughs to see a visible difference in the collected money and gold. Play it once, spare yourself the perfection."
,Recommended,237630,21118156,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AndySharman,"I liked this one. It's a remake of the classic NES Ducktales game, which was a really good title back in the day.The game is pretty loyal to the original. It reuses a lot of the old enemies featured in the original, giving them a 21st century makeover with some really nice looking 2D drawn graphics. Also featured heavily is the famous pogo stick mechanic which stood out in the original version. It adds a lot to the game and it's fun to do.Ducktales is very rich in Ducktales lore. It features many of the characters from the show and there's a storyline behind the whole game that's told in a series of voice acted cutscenes. Amongst the voice actors is Alan Young who voiced Scrooge McDuck in the original cartoon, too.The game isn't very long and doesn't take much effort to beat. I imagine it'd be a great title for kids to play. However I did play it through on Easy mode as I was looking to enjoy it rather than punish myself with a tough play through. It may take longer and be more frustrating on the higher difficulty settings.In terms of replayability, if you're not interested in trying or you started out at the harder difficulties, then there's a fun little side quest to do where you use the money you earn whilst playing each level to buy art work and music. It's a nice little extra but it isn't essential to getting the most out of the game either. The art work is mainly concept work. There's an entire gallery dedicated to the characters of the game, which features how they used to look in 8-bit form in the old game. I thought this was a nice touch.If you liked the original, or Ducktales in general, I'd recommend you check it out for sure. If you haven't played the original and don't care for Ducktales, I'd still recommend checking it out if you can get it at a cheap price as it's a fun standalone game."
,Recommended,237630,21753468,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,DMStewart,"I was a kid when the original came out. And it was one of those NES games that you could beat with one life. But it was still somewhat of a classic. Could a remake be made better? It turns out the answer is ""yes"". The games fidelity to the original is apparent throughout. The only real change is level redesign and adequate levels of difficulty added. If you wer a fan of the original pick this up. First the nostalgia will be pleasing and then youll realize that there is actually a good game behind all of it. Overall its a 5.1/10. Just enough to recommend itSo, I should add whats good and what isnt...Cons:1)Since Ducktales was easy, if you plan on remaking it and mkaing it harder than dont give us only two lives and make us redo the entire level when we die. In between areas in a certain level you get the ""saving game"" screen. It doesnt really ""save"" anything. It jsut means it acknowledges you hit a checkpoint.2) Inconsistency in enemy hit boxes and world objects that reduce your health: For some reason there are constant scenarios (countless in every level) where your pogo (your main strike) fails. Not sure why or how they missed this. But since you only get two lives and have to restart every level from the beginning if you lose your lives, its annoying when certain strikes (that youve done many many times jsut minutes earlier, isntead cause you to lose health or die. Its like every pogo strike has a random chance to jsut not work. It almost feels like they did that to make it omre challenging. If so, that was a terrible idea. If it wasnt intentional than it looks imcompetent.3) Cutscenes every 20-30 seconds: Normally this wouldnt be so annoying if you could sjut press a button to get past it. Theyre excessive and you have to hit ""pause"" and then select ""Skip Cinematic"" every 20-30 secondsPros1) its a remake of the original Ducktales2) The artwork is good3) and the basic mechanics are pretty true to the originalIf you liked the original as a kid pick this up. But dont pay more than $5 for it."
,Recommended,237630,1465101,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Renegade:B.A.N.N.E.R.,"Holy Sticthzx, This game takes the old one and makes it freaking awesome. The original VA, expanded story, and updated controlls and visuals just makes me want to be excited about Capcom's next release. But I'm even more excited for ""Wayforward"" to start releasing more games for steam. They are definitely rising super stars!"
,Recommended,237630,9106586,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ambassador Blanka,An incredibly fun platformer with amazing music. It a short game remastrering  the classic NES Ducktales game. The only downer to this game is that it can be frustrating sometimes since you only have a max of three lives per level and once you run out you will have to start over again.Either way If it's on sale check this game out you won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,237630,8631281,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Patorishio,"Every ""Remastered"" version of old games should follow this formula: Instead of just upscalling the graphics, actually redoing everything with current technology, and Duck Tales Remastered takes this to perfection, it is as enticing as the original game was, and much more beautiful; definitely worth every single penny, it's like having it for the first time over.Cada versão ""Remastered"" de jogos antigos deveria seguir essa fórmula: Em vez de apenas fazer Upscalling dos gráficos, realmente refazer tudo com a tecnologia atual, e Duck Tales Remastered leva isso à perfeição, e é tão atraente como o jogo original, e muito mais bonito, definitivamente vale cada centavo, é como tê-lo pela primeira vez de novo."
,Recommended,237630,8710749,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wamtu the Little Dragon,"I never played the game this is a remake of, but I bought this because the original was considered one of the greatest platformers of all time. So is it still anything special by today's standards? Not really. It's a very basic platformer. But still, what it does, it does very well. And being based off the DuckTales TV show, it turns out to be a pretty cute little game (and I do mean little; it's a very short game). The original had little to no plot, but they came up with a completely new story to tie all the levels together and features several of the characters from the show (my only real issue with the story is that at times Scrooge seems to be a bit more of a jerk than he was on the show). Some reviewers who played the original thought the emphasis on story was a downpoint, but for me that may have been my favorite part. Without it, it's just a generic, if pretty fun platformer. Plus, these days it's getting harder and harder than ever to find someone who wants to make something that's just nice, like a video game that doesn't have bloodletting or edginess to it (ironically, if more people were to make games like this they would be the ones being ""edgy""). So, ultimately, I'd say DuckTales is a game worth playing, and a kind of game I'd like to see more often."
76561198107322454,Recommended,237630,30414766,Posted: 9 March,all,bones3081,The game is a great modern remake of a great classic with just enough added to it to make it a bit more interesting.
,Recommended,237630,10745543,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,iq,"Well, I used to play to this game on NES when I was a kid, and I always got the old game.Anyway, I will just say for all the owners of the oldy, dont hesitate, they did an amazing work,this game is awesome and you will be happy to find ""same""old musics, old stages, specialy the one on the moon with Gizmoduck!!You wont be dissapointed, just buy it"
,Recommended,237630,12113722,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Chibumi,"The game has great graphics, nice gameplay, and is generally a great game. If you ever wanted to hop around on a cane, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,237630,16690120,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,無乳,"I promised myself I wouldn't write a review until after I completed this game.I picked it up during the Summer Sale on a whim - it was late at night and my decision making process is kind of cloudy when I'm tired. I didn't really think much about the decision other than I had heard a few good things about the game - I have no experience with the series this game is based off of. My best friend likes it, and before he told me who Scrooge McDuck was a few months back during a game of Terraria I had legitimately thought that DuckTales was centered around Donald Duck.I had picked up what seemed to be a niche game through something that was clearly not my niche, is the point I'm trying to make here. Instead of just refunding it the next morning, like I did with most of my late night Summer Sale purchases, I decided to give it a go. I mean, why not? It was in my library and it could've been a right fun game for all I knew.What I got, however, was something I cannot consciously give anything other than a perfect 10/10 score. The gameplay is exciting and unique due to the pogocane, and the difficulty is always something that requires the player to have skill but is never unfair - even at the end of the final level, where I had spent the last 3 nights trying to complete, I found a way at the end that was right in front of me the whole time. It made the player earn victory but it did so without putting them in near-impossible to escape situations. The balance in the gameplay does this game so many favors, and when you top that off with the fun and exciting platforming then there's no way around it, you've got yourself a good game.It doesn't stop there, though, as the game features an endearing cast of characters to go with a fun and lighthearted adventure that made me feel like a little kid again - and I was born in '96. It isn't in the background to the point where it doesn't affect anything and can be ignored without any reprecussions, but it doesn't do anything to take away from what was clearly the focal point, which is the gameplay. While I won't say the story is a masterpiece, it doesn't trip over itself and it gets everything its trying to do very right. It's there enough to reel the player in, but it doesn't overstay its welcome.Another great thing about this game is the soundtrack - as it stands, I'd say this is my third favorite soundtrack in a videogame, behind Freedom Planet and Sonic 3 & Knuckles, respectively. The music gives off a grand sense of adventure on top of being catchy. There's songs that are jubilant and you can't help but smile when you hear them, and there's songs that are epic and makes you feel a burning desire to press onward and achieve the end goal. They couldn't have made the soundtrack more fitting - and no matter how many times I had to re-do Mount Vesuvius, I never got tired of that song. The soundtrack is excellent.This game has made me a DuckTales fan - I've found myself reading the comics and pondering whether or not I should watch the show at some point. Upon beating this game, I know I'm definitely going to look more into this series.I do have to recommend this game with caution, though - and it abso-♥♥♥♥in'-lutely breaks my heart to have to say that. Some people have apparently run into a nasty bug that can outright break the game, and while I was fortunate enough to have it not happen to me, the fact of the matter is that more than a few people have had it happen to them. Just keep that in mind if you're thinking about purchasing the game.Overall, though, my experience was easily a 10/10 and I would recommend buying this game at full price if it wasn't for the risk of hitting that bug. Definitely buy it while it's on sale, though. There's no doubt that this game was worth a shot and the only people who wouldn't enjoy it are those who are hit by that bug and people who just don't like videogames."
,Recommended,237630,8656215,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Topology,"This review is mostly aimed at those who enjoyed the DuckTales NES game and cartoon, as I did, because I won't be able to objectively divorce my review from my nostalgic love of this game.Score: 9/10This game was made for us.  And, by us, I mean we people who grew up with DuckTales, both the original game(s) and cartoon, both.  I really don't think there are words for how gratifying it is to see the adventures of Scrooge in all the remastered glory that this reimagining of a timeless classic has managed to provide, but I'm going to give it a shot.First, the graphics.  Not every game should strive for photorealism, and DuckTales is a perfect example of one such game.  As a licensed game depicting a cartoon, I have almost zero complaints about WayForward's presentation here.  It truly feels like you're both watching the cartoon adaptation of the game, while still being very involved in its progression, as the player.  Backgrounds are beautiful, and while mostly static, they do an excellent job of immersing the player in the cartoon world in which the characters reside.  Animations are fluid, sprites are beautiful, and everything looks familiar, and yet brand new.Second, the music.  DuckTales had exceptional music even when you had to play it on the NES to get your fix, so the team that was tasked with remixing and rescoring this game really had big shoes to fill, but they didn't disappoint.  Every song is reminiscent of its 8-bit counterpart, which is to be expected of a remake.  Not all remixes are made equal, mind you, and some are clearly better than others, but that's not to say that there are any bad songs in this game (in my opinion).  Some music is so good that I had to stop to enjoy it at the start of its respective level (looking at you, Moon Theme, and Mt. Vesuvius theme).Third, the gameplay.  The gameplay is largely unchanged from the original NES game, but that's not necessarily a complaint.  Some levels are just as unforgiving as their original counterparts, but the game itself is easier in general, due to some quality-of-life changes made by WayForward.  These changes include being able to save progress in between levels, or simply being kicked back to level select upon losing all of your lives, as opposed to having to completely start over from square one.  Having something to spend your hard-earned money on is a new gameplay element as well, which may lead you to make stupid decisions in certain levels while trying to find every hidden diamond (I sure did).Fourth, and possibly the most importantly, the cutscenes.  The biggest thing that WayForward added to this game is this considerable source of exposition.  When you played the original NES game, there was no backstory given or reason delineated for why Scrooge was doing what he was doing, other than greed (which is not entirely out of character).  The cutscenes provide that important missing element, which really, was the only thing that I found wanting about the original DuckTales.  The voicework is wonderful.  The incomparable Alan Young, who is well into his nineties now, does a masterful job of reprising his role as Scrooge McDuck, and much of the original cast also returns to bring life to this amazing game.  Perhaps the most important detail about the cutscenes, though, is that they're entirely optional.  This stops them from getting stale for those of us that plan on playing this game several times over.Scrooge, Huey, Dewey, Louie, Webby, Mrs. Beakley, Launchpad, Bubba, Gyro, Fenton, the Beagle Boys, Flintheart Glomgold, and Magica De Spell are waiting to greet you once again.  What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,237630,8583801,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,GodfatherUr,"A very fun platformer and an amazing remake of an NES classic.  Duck Tales Remastered is precisely the way a classic game should be remade.  This game follows true to the original games design, difficulty, and gameplay.  The artwork and art direction of the game are amazing and mimic a living cartoon rather than a standard video game, something I found very welcoming.  It was an amazing surprise to once again hear the original Duck Tales cartoon cast reprieve their roles as all of the key characters.  The music has been remade and updated, yet remains true to the originals style and tones.  All in all, this is a solid game that I would highly recommend to fans of the old and newcomers alike."
76561198028437725,Recommended,237630,12336407,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ultraslisk,Aaaah the memories! A true classic and a must have!
,Recommended,237630,12301384,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Harder-eX ✰(★)✰,It was the money worth but i think more maps plus story could be not wrong.Anyway short and good :)
76561198067048437,Recommended,237630,12219096,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,sirlocke,"A fun nostalgic trip down memory lane.As a kid in the 80's the disney after school cartoons were something to look forward to and ducktales was perhaps the crowning gem in the line-up.  So there was very high expectations from Capcom when a game was announced for the NES and they delivered beyond expectations.  This remastered version captures the same outstanding gameplay as the original but with added bonuses for the nostalgic.  Story and cuts scenes have been added and feature a lot of the original cast and everything, from the way the characters act to the scenarios, feel like it's from the 80's cartoon.I do have a few cons to the game though.  Everytime you play a stage you have to go through the cut scenes and while they can be skipped they are tedious.  Furthermore, once you are familiar with the stages the game is incredibly easy aside from the very last part that takes a dramatic jump in difficulty and ups the frustration level.So my recommendation, if you love the original game then get this and enjoy the magic of ducktales once again."
,Recommended,237630,2349815,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Philnemba ZA WARUDO!!,An epic remake of one of my favorite childhood NES games.
,Recommended,237630,2241768,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Lance Charleson,"If you are by chance new to platformers and you are trying to find something easy to start with or if you are very nostalgic fan of the NES original, this is the game for you! Oh yeah and it has the catchiest goddamn soundtrack in the universe. :D"
,Recommended,237630,8702983,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Prosewalters (Outage 9/11),"This was my favorite game when I was a kid.  Now, for some crazy reason, Capcom re-released it.  I love it.  The cutscenes explain what is going on better than the NES ever could, the animation is perfect, It's just fantastic.  I'm reliving a part of my childhood when playing this."
,Recommended,237630,33329924,Posted: 6 July,all,AltairKnight,"I grew up playing the original DuckTales so this is pure nostalgia for me. RIght down to the structured difficulty that makes it seem harder than it really is to complete. Pure hijinks in short levels, but lots of fun regardless.Recommended."
76561197963515119,Recommended,237630,8705836,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,bubkusjones,"This game was so much fun. A nice change of pace from more ""modern"" and ""complex"" games, just go in and enjoy yourself for a little bit.My only real complaint is that it's short. Only took about 3 hours to beat, but I'd expect it to be geared to a younger and less gaming-experienced crowd. Still, hilariously fun and a good trip down memory lane. I'm hoping the developers decide to make sequels. They'd be a must-buy for me."
76561198031994154,Recommended,237630,33170909,Posted: 2 July,all,vegard,"I cannot say I remember anything from this game, not even when I see it, but I had surprisingly much fun with it. In fact I dont think Ive had so much fun with a platformer since I was 12. The story is as wooden as the voiceacting, but it doesnt take itself too seriously anyway so it does not matter (And are likely to delight fans of the show). The delightful graphics and colorful levels are a pleasure to blaze through."
,Recommended,237630,9242344,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"great game, very lovable platformer that just does everything right, and i love what they've done with the visuals, 9/10"
,Recommended,237630,8415798,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,1rk3n,"Ducktales -remastered- is a nice remake of the nintendo entertainment system classic, the animations are beautiful,and unlike the Nes version this one comes with a story,it has it's original actors,and so far it's realy good so if you like disney (not the sitcoms,those are terrible) and capcom i reccomend this game to those who want to bring back nostalgia to their livesoverall i give this game a good 'ol 8/10"
,Recommended,237630,14475797,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,Life IS like a hurricane after you play this ducktastic 2.5D platformer game. It's kinda short but faithful to the NES game. Wayforward's always good.
76561198060221546,Not Recommended,237630,20653413,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,seymour47,The game is so buggy it needs fumigation.
,Recommended,237630,34365646,Posted: 19 August,all,edelcorrallira,"Quick and dirty: It rocks!It's not easy, NES hard in Normal, but if you love a good challenging platformer this is a dream.A little more elaborate:I still remember popping this into my NES... and am glad to say beating itCapcom and Konami were the two big 3rd party devs and remain as giants. But from the many excellent titles Capcom had (such as Bionic Commando, Little Nemo and Megaman) the Disney series had a reputation of being extremely well made. And while everyone has an opinion, I can say this is one of the finer games on the NES console and certainly one of the top Disney games of its era (... or in general).The game had a cartoony feel and relied on the NES limitations to propel it futher becoming a driving fast paced game that was as fun as it was charming. Music, level design, gameplay, story, sound effects, animation, scenery... It was a delight for the senses that had the substance and pacing to bring to life the Acclaimed series and stand shoulder to shoulder with the greatest of platformers.Well ...This remake is what you always wish a remake to be. It has been more than 20 years since I was beating the other game, so my memory is somewhat flaky, but I can say that I find the additions so natural that I have a hard time telling where my old expectations end and the innovations begin. This looks to me now as that looked back then.The attention to detail is backed by balance, pacing, great visual and sonic art, top notch programming, story telling and of course, sense of humor. The wit is accompanied by talent, drive, imagination and feeling. These wizards have managed to accomplish a remaster that manages to bring the sense of delight one may have experienced when it first came out, and then propel it further into an even grander work of art.In a nutshell, I'm extremely greatful to all involved. You guys are awesome !!!"
,Not Recommended,237630,20446142,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,HelkamaKulkuri,If there wasn't this game freezing issue at the final level boss i couldn't find anything so bad about this game that i coudln't recommend it to other people. I even tried the workaround to set the processor affinity  to 1 processor only from task manager and the game still froze just after defeating the boss while normally it freezes even before the fight.  And what i read from the forum this issue has been in the game for couple of years now and the developers don't seem to care to fix it. Some people say they have no problems but there are a lot of us who have the freezing issue.
,Not Recommended,237630,20371714,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Undead Yogurt,"Have no support of normal gamepads, only xinput -_-. They should warn about it."
76561198011946128,Recommended,237630,27526232,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,timlux,"It´s finally a good remaster, original voices, it´s fun and it´s Duck Tales. I hope their new show next year will be as good as the game."
,Recommended,237630,7134814,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Icecapman10,"DuckTales Remastered is a remake of the original DuckTales NES/Famicom game. The game completely redesigns the game by redoing the graphics to make them look similar to the original show, a remade OST by the wonderful Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman, and adding a new final level. As said on my profile, I'm a giant Disney fan, and this game made me explode into different pavilion icons from Epcot. This game is amazing.Also, apparently there's a bug that causes the game to crash before the final boss, but I haven't experienced it."
76561198059457614,Recommended,237630,8432337,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dereliKct,"A great re-incarnation of an undying 8-bit classic. Style/music/gameplay/atmosphere - everything is done quite nicely and with heart. My only regret is that there's no ""Pirate Ship"" level. Loved the music in it."
76561198000453031,Recommended,237630,8208959,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DarthAdios [RG#6],"Great game, if you are old fart like me and want to re-live your youth, this is the game for you, especially if you played the NES version back in the day."
,Recommended,237630,8418339,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Struck Cold,"It's pretty much DuckTales from the NES with better graphics, a story attached, voice acting, and remixed boss battles.  Definitely check it out if you enjoyed the original or you like classic sidescroller gameplay."
,Recommended,237630,8525448,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MamaJam,Best game remastered ever! :D Really nice in HD.
76561198040789227,Recommended,237630,12607373,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CynicalW0lf,Ducktales is a great game 10/10
,Recommended,237630,12514579,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DreamFighter,"Still a Great Game. One of the Best Reamake's, and as the Origuinal Voices :)"
76561198018382593,Recommended,237630,12372178,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ハデス,Just like good old times.
,Recommended,237630,1280034,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Marlamin,"Non-♥♥♥♥♥♥ remake of this extremely fun platformer. Worth this money for the freaking soundtrack alone. Get it. Now.(Also, grab FSB Extractor to extract the data/music.fsb file to grab the soundtrack MP3's.)"
,Recommended,237630,8412079,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,AwwOOOO
76561198094330915,Recommended,237630,16471033,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sandrez,Brings back so many memories...Great game! Great fun !
,Recommended,237630,14679375,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Peekles,"""Good, but ultimately disappointing."" 7/10This game was an overall satisfying experience for me and I would most likely recommend it to fans of platformers in general, but in the long run, 'DuckTales: Remastered' just doesn't compare to the original. I'm not sure what it is, but something was lost in the translation; it just doesn't have the same charm that the original game had for the NES. But without comparing this game to the original, it's still an enjoyable experience. But how could I not compare this to the original? It's arguably one of the greatest games for the original Nintendo console, and tons of people, myself included, hold it near and dear to their hearts. So it's nearly impossible not to compare this 'updated' version to the original game that came out almost three decades ago.One of the biggest reasons this game doesn't have the same charm as the original, at  least for me, is the soundtrack. I know some people think they did a great job with it, and maybe they did, but most of the new versions of these beloved songs are just awful, and at times barely even recognizable. I would have been much happier with this game if they had just re-released the same game with the same music and just updated the textures, but whatever, it's not the worst thing ever. And I'm not sure if they went ahead and made some of these levels longer, but the levels feel longer, and sometimes for no reason at all other than to extend the time of play. And lastly, the cut-scenes; these initially made me dislike the game greatly as there are far too many of them, but once you realize you can skip them, they're not so bad.Overall, this game is good, but it could have been much better. If you've never played the original than you will probably like it more than I did. It's got everything you want in a solid title; the controls are tight, the graphics are crisp and look great in high resolution, it works perfectly with a controller, and the voice acting is very well done."
76561197997935906,Recommended,237630,23529457,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mysticum,"Insanely good remake of a classic game. Graphics are amazing, and gameplay better than the original, with the addition of real boss fights. I wish all remakes were this good."
76561198338637669,Not Recommended,237630,28947755,Posted: 2 January,all,ndercx,"I used to play the original Game Boy version of this game, and really enjoyed this remake as well - up to a certain point in game, that is. Every time I come to the final boss, Dracula, the ducking game crashes. This is a very common bug, but never has been fixed. Playing a game 99% through is not very satisfying! :(So I only recommend it if you do not mind about that.(my setting includes a Nvidia GeForce, which seems to be the case with most of the players experiencing this issue)"
,Recommended,237630,9168053,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,☽ LUNATEE ☽,Can't help but sing the song while I play. Love it!!
,Recommended,237630,8584381,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Warrior,"Ducktales Remastered is a nostalgia trip from start to end. I love the graphics and the music, this really it A LOT of fun. Totally worth 15 bucks. 8/10"
,Recommended,237630,10630901,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jack0mo,"A lot of memories came back to lifewith this game, this was one of the first games I played in my life, I loved it then but more now with the hand-drawn style, I even got it on full price and thought it was a good challenging game, you do need a powerful computer to run it smoothly though, so I totally recommend it if you have a good computer and you played the original version."
76561197979296788,Recommended,237630,25478538,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MythPlayer,"BOSS Fight is little diffcult(compare NES version), Other is OK-----------------Probrem of Final BOSS Fight?Disscusion [Fighting Dracula crashes the game - every time] and see commet #145"
,Recommended,237630,15484657,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),Love it
76561198169636590,Recommended,237630,15835510,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Gabriel,Good game!
,Recommended,237630,21158202,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HRPrime,So I'll make this shorter due to the huge problem of the game.The game is outstanding. It looks so great and is a blast. Almost every track is catchy. The right ammount of difficulty and fun!Now the problem I said was that it freezes at the final boss. I read that it is the newer NVIDIA drivers that cause this. It might not be fixed anytime soon. Take that into consideration when buying. ONLY BUY ON SALE. Not worth $15 with the game breaking bug.
,Recommended,237630,8228194,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DeftNerd,"I never played the original DuckTales, but this remastering of the original codebase was a treat. Even my 4-year-old had some fun for a while"
76561197972429646,Recommended,237630,18980297,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,CyTek81,Remake of the classic game and a blast to play!
,Recommended,237630,19743561,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Love4Boobies,"I'm halfway through the game as I write this. Although I've played DuckTales 2 on the NES as a kid, I've never played the original version of its sequel. So even though nostalgia wasn't a big part of it, I'm glad to report I still find this game entertaining (and even challenging at times). However, I do have a couple of complaints:1. The 2D character sprites look great but they do not fit in well with the rest of the art (backgrounds, chests, gems, etc.), which is unfortunately 3D. IMO, they should've kept everything in the iconic cartoon style of the Donald Duck universe. This is by far my biggest gripe with the game.2. At the time of writing, I'm aware of two major bugs:(a) The level is not reset when you respawn. Hence, the baddies will continue doing whatever they were up to when you lost your previous life. This is unfortunate, as it means that losing your first hit point may be unavoidable. And while bosses do indeed respawn, their effects do not (e.g., if you die at the wrong time during the fight with the boss in the Amazon, the ground might still be shaking from when it slammed into it before).(b) Lots of people report that the game crashes for them when they reach the final boss. I don't know whether it will be the case for me as well but I thought I'd give you a heads up.3. Even though they were probably never a part of the original version, they should've added special-case animations for talking characters. It's a little silly to see them talk with their mouths closed.That said, I'm hoping for a remastered version of DuckTales 2.Cheers,Bogdan"
76561197973966147,Recommended,237630,17436473,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,G squigz,"Had this game when I was a kid, well I still have it....I have two cartridges of it. Whatever, point is this game kicked♥♥♥♥♥on the NES so I figured I'd try the remastered version out.The game is polished up with nice artwork and beautiful animations. The music, of course, has been redone and for the most part I think they did it well. The Himalayas have screeching guitars now, because if anything says the Himalayas, it's distorted guitar leads.The Moon I was slightly let down by since it's such an iconic tune in video game music, I figured they'd go all out on it. It's a great version of it, but I just wanted more. NOTE: The end credits has a piano version so hell yeah!They added a bunch of story to this game, being the old fart that I am though, I had no interest in why Scrooge McDuck is on the moon looking for whatever the hell it is he's looking for. I just want to bounce on my cane and collect gems.I did not encounter the gamebreaking bug so many people seem to have gotten, so I can't say anything based on that.All in all I think it's a good remake. If you're nostalgic for the NES version, I'd say this does a decent job since it's mostly the same with the boss fights being a bit more complex now.I give it 8 quacks out duck"
76561198161856650,Recommended,237630,19879906,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Trølz,"Ducktales is a masterpiece in many ways. The game itself is really fun and exciting to play, and you will feel the nostalgia flow through your body. Everything in the game is beautiful. The music, and the sounds are amazing.Otherwise can the controls be a little bit difficult to be used to, but you will learn them slowly but surely!So all in all, is this 2D game worth it! Especially if you've seen ducktales before, so this is a really fun game.9/10 ;)"
,Recommended,237630,28731949,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dissy614,"If you loved the original NES duck tales, you will probably love the remaster even more so."
76561198141328487,Recommended,237630,28740651,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MaceKane,Thanks to this game my little brother knows what ducktails is 10/10 needs more ducks.
76561198064813156,Recommended,237630,28697838,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Best Breakfast Husband,"Amazing! A lot of nostalgia, but a lot of new memories as well. Absolutley loved playing this game."
76561198207939768,Recommended,237630,28637947,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JPMoney,two words. simply amazing
,Recommended,237630,29076830,Posted: 6 January,all,Brandongl,"""Life is like a hurricane, here in Duckburg""BECAUSE THIS GAME WILL BLOW YOU AWAYThat's the best joke review I can think of.Ok here's anotherI expected this game to be like Duck Game mixed with the ""Tales of "" video games and was greatly disappointed when it wasn't.What the duck am I talking about? I've gone quackers."
,Recommended,237630,34379023,Posted: 20 August,all,Kange,"Great game, pretty cheap fun, totally suggest buying it if its on discount! 14 bucks is still not a bad deal for this game though.Pros:A polished, updated version of the 1989 NES classic Ducktales game.Smooth gameplayAppealing visualsSimple, yet funCONS:since its a remaster of a nes game, its a short game since its basically a NES game dressed up. you can complete this in about 2-4 hours."
,Recommended,237630,8633010,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Deltau,"A cute, cartoony platformer. But don't be fooled by it's innocence; this game retains it's oldschool difficulty from the original.Easily replayable, I'm on my third playthrough now. Gallery unlocks are a small incentive to gather as much money as possible, but I figure that whether it included unlocks or not it's just great fun to find all the secrets in a level and explore to collect money from every nook and cranny. A fun storyline and fully casted voice acting do the original game so much justice. But most important is that the developers behind the game really know how to make an amazing platformer."
,Recommended,237630,25220982,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Discreet Noob,Great platformer that can get extremely frustrating near the end but overall very fun. And awesome tune.
,Not Recommended,237630,16970862,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,gusdp,"The game freezes on the final battle. I have tried 5 times already with the same result. The music just keeps playing, everything else is frozen. I just realized a great deal of users in the forums have the same issue and there is no fix coming. Please don't waste your money on this game."
76561198191189434,Recommended,237630,23388362,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Simon Belmont,So it´s 12 0´clock and i just finished this game i was just steaming (:D) with my friendand suddenly there was this marvelous final level it was just perfect these emotionsi actually almost quit at that last stageanyway it was a rewarding and just rly nice game my heart sprang out of my chest as theycredits appeared and that  piano remix .... so goodi can only recommend that you play this game for yourself it´s prettyexpensive at least for so few levels.Thanks and have fun !
,Recommended,237630,8598091,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lord EDOX,Really well done remake of a classic platform game. I loved the original and have to say being able to use an Xbox Controller sure is easier on the thumbs then the NES controller was. :) Great voice acting and really well done graphics give this classic game new life. If you loved the original you will want to get this Remasterd Edition.
76561198136635528,Not Recommended,237630,19757814,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,JustAnotherErik,Freezes at last boss :c
,Not Recommended,237630,19660785,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,canceronion,"Fun game, but if you want to complete it you gonna have a bad time :D"
76561198147387043,Recommended,237630,28930708,Posted: 1 January,all,OH YEAH,"10/10, one of the best games I've had the distinct honor to endugle in. Nothing as spectactular has ever grazed my eyes. I will never, ever find a game beter than this. If anyone is struggling to make the tough decision of buying this, to you I say, it is worth every bit of your hard earned money. A purchase I shall not regret. This game is a gift from the gracious lord himself."
,Recommended,237630,30536576,Posted: 15 March,all,dm_punks,Awesome!
,Recommended,237630,1046237,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Captain Will,A good game will always be a good game.
76561198077081869,Recommended,237630,6844742,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Bathory,Only Tears.
76561198025608252,Recommended,237630,8308160,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AnimaVulpes,This was one of the most enjoyable remakes I've ever played. You can feel the love and passion the developers put into this. I spent a solid 5 minutes just swimming in the money bin laughing giddily. Highly recommend this for everyone that loved the original. This title only adds to it in good gaming elements.
,Recommended,237630,11067229,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ephique,This game is of the highest quackity. 999/10
,Recommended,237630,10818269,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Adzee,"The control scheme is terrible, but the graphics are lovely and gameplay is also pretty geniune. Good experience."
,Recommended,237630,9911253,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,✄ Video Games,DUCK TALES WOO OOH
76561198034300099,Recommended,237630,25177867,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,just_j69,Good throwback to the original
,Recommended,237630,25205748,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jawack,Soundtrack is 10/10Gameplay is 10/10Buy it if you are a fan of platformers. If you can't affort it just emulate the NES version.
76561198051526665,Not Recommended,237630,19283855,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Yuregenu,"Last boss bugged as hell. Can't finish game, WayForward AND Capcom's support do not respond to my e-mails. Took just 3 hours to get to the end of the game, but because it's over two hours Steam won't refund me for this broken piece of sh*t."
76561198169441668,Not Recommended,237630,19368084,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Adalyn,"I want to warn everyone that this game may or may not work completely for you. Its been 2 years and the developers have no interest to fix a bug.If you check the support forums there is a ton of comments of all the freezing that goes on in the game. The developers have no interest or are being prevented from fixing the game. Personally steam should be pulling this game from the market place. As its a game bug that prevents from finishing it.The game freezes everytime I reach the part with the red curtains (boss' lair?) It freezes after I enter this area with a random timing (sometimes I can see scrooge freezed as he enters, sometimes he can't even appear). I'm on Windows 7, x64, Nvidia Geforce GT 555M.I have heard that if you upgrade to windows 10 that the issue doesn't occur. But most people keep trying it on random systems so they can see if the bug isn't encountered for their system and video card etc.If your reading this and considering the game. Just warning you that you will not be able to finish it. No matter what trouble shooting steps your try."
,Recommended,237630,23774763,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Great Dragon,If you love the original you will love this one as well. Brilliant remake.
,Recommended,237630,30650707,Posted: 21 March,all,Родина ツ,wooohooo
76561198035643084,Recommended,237630,18066556,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Jr786,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxSJr2xErUESurely we all know the DuckTales Saturday Morning Cartoon Series on Disney along with the Treausre of the Lost Lamp Movie too. We'll Scrooge McDuck & his nephews are back in HD with DuckTales Remastered! Back in the 1980s, CAPCOM & Disney were a great Children's VG Combination.Anyway, this game is really fun-loving to play. It plays just like the Classic NES Version that we remember from Childhood. Visit Exotic Places across the Globe such as the Amazon Jungle, Castle Dracula, from the African Mines to the Earth's Core, the Himalayas & Even the Earth's Moon as you search for the 5 Legendary Treasures (Plus 3 Extra Hidden Treasures if you're Playing on Hard or Extreme Mode) and help Scrooge McDuck become the Richest Duck who would be King in all of Duckburg and the World!"
76561197984776622,Recommended,237630,9322139,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,eternalsnows,"DuckTales: Remastered is an absolutely wonderful game. I was a huge fan of Disney comic books when I was a kid and I have many great memories of the adventures of Scrooge McDuck and company. WayForward did an amazing job capturing the spirit of the comic books and of course the 80s TV show. The visuals and animations are excellent and the writing and voice acting are perfect. It's such a joy to hear Alan Young in peak form reprising his role as Scrooge.DT: R isn't a long game, nor is it particularly challenging (except for the final level), but it's exceedingly well designed throughout. The gameplay is varied and the controls are refined and precise. The boss enemies in particular are very well crafted, with fun, pattern-based attacks and just the right amount of RNG to keep things interesting without being unfair.I can definitely recommend that anyone who enjoys platformers pick this game up, even if they're not familiar with the source material. DT: R is a rare gem that's perfect for young kids but also will easily keep adults entertained and delighted."
76561198025210894,Recommended,237630,8583633,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DrewbieDoobie,Hits ya right in the feels
,Recommended,237630,8610723,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ö,dolan 5/5
76561198068263229,Recommended,237630,8653897,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Froppy,Its like duck goof troop
,Recommended,237630,15988339,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Muffinking2000,"Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck-blur!Might solve a mysteryOr rewrite history!DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodLuck Tales!D-d-d-danger! Watch behind you!There's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to some...DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodDuckTales! Woo-oo!Not pony tales or cotton tales, no,DuckTales! Woo-oo!"
,Recommended,237630,13269369,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RevOcelot,"Absolutely genius. Own & played the original, and this version is a brilliant remake."
76561198009021182,Recommended,237630,10658890,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lagga,10/10
76561198093077397,Recommended,237630,8626986,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Marc Labrèche,Fun fun fun
76561198072123046,Recommended,237630,6676055,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Agent Cooper,You just can't miss the chance to go back in time when you were a child and face the legend AGAIN!!!
,Recommended,237630,18401127,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bayo,Ducks were involved in a Tale. I give it a 10/10
76561198079991168,Recommended,237630,18408731,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sinister,decent game i would advice buying it when it's on sale because it's overpriced
76561198019134697,Recommended,237630,3223768,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Ness,"I was very doubtful about this game when seeing footage and hearing the musics, I thought the art style and the musics weren't so good.But I have to say that once playing it I wasn't disappointed it at all.Everything is great: the art looks wonderful (everything from sprite, their animations and the backgrounds) and most of the musics are really good too. The only music which wasn't so good was the Himalaya theme because they added too much stuff to it with different new rythm and meldoies which completely hide the original melody and make it sound like it's 2 musics in one.The game has the 5 original stages but re-vamped with new areas to make them longer as well as a new intro and final stage. The new intro stage hardly matters though because it's very short and straightforward.Gameplay is perfect Duck Tales fun and I liked how they kept the pogo mechanic from DT2 (you don't have to press Down to perform a pogo jump).The cutscenes are no problem. On the contrary they share the Duck Tales sprite, they're even funny at times and it's a pleasure to hear the original voice actors.You can skip them all anyway if they really bother you.The only cutscenes which bothered me a little was in the Amazon stage because you have to pick 8 different items throughout the stage and there is a small cutscene for each of them which is a bit too much (but again, you can skip that).In-game play time said 2h45 after I beat it but it actually took me around 4hours. The relative shortness is justified by the low price.Also there is tons of cool artwork to unlock if you want to 100% the game which is very rewarding (if you look at Wario Land Shake Dimension, a very comparable game, beating the game 100% wasn't rewarding at all).This game is everything we'd hope for a remake.But that's the only problem for me: I wouldn't have wanted a remake of DT1. I would have prefered a remake of DT2, or even better, a whole new DT game. I guess I'll have to content myself with the couple of DT2 references thrown in..."
,Recommended,237630,24132348,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SLO7H,"It was really difficult for me to recommend this game, but I ended up doing it cuz of nostalgia and it was fun enough.The problem however is (the only way I can describe it) the hitboxes. What I mean about that is when you use pogo jump (big jump with cane), well, even if you are standing on the edge of a block, it doesn't mean that you actually can pogo jump, and that really becomes an issue when you jump from one place to another, and you actually land on the edge of the block, you just land there with your feet, and you have to move backwards in order to pogo jump again.The most annoying part of the game is level design and where the enemy is located. Many times you will encounter enemies which is placed in stupid places, by that I mean it seems like there is no way to avoid taking damage. I started playing on medium, but I couldn't get past the first world because of some enemies was close to impossible to get past without taking damage. So I just decided to complete it on EASY, if I hadn't done that, then i'm pretty sure that I wouldn't have recommended this game.There is also an issue with hitboxes for enemies, especially the last boss, god damnit this boss was annoying, not because it was hard, but because the way the game was designed. It's kinda difficult to kno where you have to hit the boss in order to damage it, sometimes it's ok to not hit it's head, sometimes not ok to not hit it's head, so if the enemy extends a hand you actually take damage if you pogo jump on the arm..And the way scrooge is drawn makes his hitbox kinda weird, because the way he is standing, you just need to get used to getting damaged a lot.There are some other examples but I don't want to spoil the game.Anyway, it was difficult for me to decide whether to recommend this or not, but the nostalgia, the artstyle, the voice acting, the music and a bit of fun gameplay got to me. If you are like me, just play it on easy, and go for medium when you have completed it."
,Recommended,237630,479490,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Macabre,"Ducktales was one of my favorite games on the Nintendo back in the day, and finally after such a long time waiting... Disney and Capcom have partnered up once again to rerelease and remaster one of the games that has been on my top 10 for a long time. Anybody who has either played the original on the NES, or wants to play it... Get this version. With updated graphics, gameplay and sound this version is sure to give you that fast pace and difficulty fix that only older games can give you."
,Recommended,237630,13264097,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Flat Eric,"Absolutely love this game, not at all disappointing from the original and it has the same music more or less."
,Recommended,237630,8278551,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Neal Gamby,"This was probably my favorite game as a child on NES, and i still enjoy playing it today with the updated visuals. If your a fan of Ducktales pick this up and relive the magic!"
,Recommended,237630,8392095,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fox,"Pros: If you love the original Capcom NES DuckTales game, you will LOVE DusckTales: Remastered! Just the remakes of the music alone will send chills of nostalgia up your spine. The addition of in-game cinematics starring the original cast of the TV show make each level like a mini episode, including Scrooge (Alan Young - age 94) and Magica (June Foray - age 96). The game is quite an ugrade form it's original.Each level has been expanded based on the original game and all the characters and enemies are beautifully recreated in 2D Cell style animation agianst cool 3D level backdrops. The game also has extra levels, bosses that have been expanded to include new attacks based on their originals, and bonus extras to unlock like Art and Music from this and the original game. Though a sale price is always nice, this game is totally worth the retail price tag for fans of the original NES DuckTales.Cons: This game crashes more than Launchpad McQuack, usually at the start of a level or during a final cutscene. The crashes usually just cause the application to fail and quit but I beat the game on Easy and Hard mode and both times, during the final cutscene right after Magica and Glomgold fly off into the clouds, the screen goes black and continues to play music until it sounds like a broken record and locks up the PC entirely (Shift+Tab, Windows+D, and ctrl+alt+del fail to respond and a hard shutdown/restart are required). This may be my PC alone, even though my gaming PC is on par with a PS3, but it's hard to tell.Since the crashes don't happen during gameplay and may only be an issue with some computers, I would still recomend it with a solid 7/10, totally worth retail."
,Recommended,237630,8208390,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,He Who Wears Pants,"And just like that, it's 1991 and I'm 8 years old again, back at my cousin's house, knuckles white from the death-grip I have on the NES controller as I pogo across the moon as a one-percenter in his quest to get one-percentier.  This is a note-for-note faithful recreation of the NES classic, laid over with high-definition whizbangs and whatnots, that promises a high-speed trip down Nostalgia Lane for anybody who played the thumb-numbing original.  I could do without the unnecessary voicework, but I understand that's what happens when you take a Disney NES videogame and vault it into the 21st century.  Oh, and go Hard Pogo or go home, scrubs."
,Recommended,237630,8213745,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Marcus Aurelius,"This is a great game, trully remastered visually gorgeous. The game stays true to the original, I've died a bunch of times an had to start certain levels over again. I like a challegen in my games, if you like good old fun then this game is for you."
,Recommended,237630,8284048,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mister Bloody Mojo,"Classic game gets a facelift! Fans of the original nes version of this game, fans of the series, and anyone just wanting to try something fun will not be disappointed. This is the same game you once loved, with some new bells and whistles. Aesthetically perfect, with new cut scenes to add depth to unanswered questions from the original. The original soundtrack has been redone, and sounds fantastic...and they got most of the original voice actors from the cartoon to reprise their roles for this version. All in all... it looks great, sounds great, and most importantly plays great."
,Recommended,237630,14491676,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ужас,"Good game, recommended"
76561197960277861,Recommended,237630,8290821,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[STA] Cheeto,"This game has slightly looser play control than the original, and a lot of those cutscenes (skippable, thank Science) that the kids seem to dig these days.Otherwise this is an excellent clone of the Nintendo version. I enjoyed every moment I had pogoing around looking for hidden treasure. With multiple difficulty levels this game provides appropriate challenge based on skill/age."
,Recommended,237630,32752558,Posted: 24 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,Good remaster but the NES version is better
76561198078132151,Not Recommended,237630,25828565,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Downer,I really enjoyed this game. The graphics and voice acting are spot-on for a title like this. I've owned the NES games on a couple of occasions so this isn't something I could turn down upon seeing it in the store.I didn't have one problem with it until the last boss! It constantly freezes everytime I get to the 2nd Magica DeSpell fight.Game cannot be completed!♥♥♥♥ Capcom... you used to be a credible company. Way to throw your reputation in the toilet. I'm sure you made enough money off of this game to fix a bug so someone can actually beat the game.I checked for fixes but it's impossible for me.I cannot reccomend a game that I cannot beat. Thanks for the tease ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!
,Recommended,237630,4694216,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Kagoshima_Luke,A delightful love letter to old-school platforming fans. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,237630,29216994,Posted: 12 January,all,Evil Hayato,"Its been a while since I played this game and it is a SHOCKER that they still havent patched the end boss from crashing. AVOID this game if you plan to finish this game. Im going to guess that most people that gave this game positives did not finish the game, because its not possible in its current state."
,Recommended,237630,23016267,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Energonchi,"DuckTales Remastered on the pc and other systems is a videogame featuring background stories,creativity scratches and familiarize eventswith egg boing effort!Nice footrest collectibles,and money gems to collect about!Great groovy tunes with halfway puncturing soul!Great careering funny dialog,and messed up scenes that make u laugh like ur inside a whole cartoonSplintering fun gameplay!Nice performers,and enemies that regularly are white haired and awesome!it maneuvers simplicity and great challenge that isnt hard to pot down in instance minutes!Epic hurtling paths,and reopened ones too to explore additionallyMake tons of money,and watch ur safe rise to the top!Nice concrete bridges of boss battles,and neverare dull and boring!Its shatterproof with creativity and it sums up the preference real well!Nice steel guiding mazes,and other throwbacks to the original nes classic!nice construction unlockables!Great pursuit chasesGreat control pumps wild and internally viscious!Great joint routines,what else can i say about this spendid great job game duckclassicI give this game a 9.7/10  A HELM OF FUN and satisfying pleasure love the burrito master"
76561198023749627,Recommended,237630,12323092,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Neocatzeo,An excellent HD remake of a classic NES game.  Wicked.
,Recommended,237630,12412519,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kraxie,"I really enjoyed this remake, never played the original game though.I really enjoy the sound track as well. Kinda stupid is that in order no unlock the original 8-bit tracks, you have to complete the game first and unlock it. I guess it's kinda like a reward for completing the game, but they should have added something else to unlock after you completed the game, like more characters or something.Overall, I give this game 7/10."
,Recommended,237630,12262412,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Erectimus Prime,"I honestly cannot remember the last time i came so close to:1: throwing my controller with enough force to disintegrate it2: Punch a hole in my desk3: scream like a lunaticthese are some of the things this game brings out. This is not a modern game, this is the old game tarted it up. It is not here to help you, it will not make things easy. It will punish every mistake, it will feed off your tears and screams. It was glorious!"
76561197977154561,Recommended,237630,10626247,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Møssi,Biggest EU
,Recommended,237630,10101249,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,B A N K $,I can swim in coins....10/10I love this game.Great for young and old.Also I really love the music in this game. ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪
,Recommended,237630,11049224,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,RogueSeige,"if you played the game as a kid or watched to tv show, it is worth the few bucks to let the memories tidel wave back. great new grapics along with an old classic game style story."
,Recommended,237630,9915046,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,araleith,"This game is a lot of fun, and diving into the vault of money is a nice touch :D"
76561198009409085,Recommended,237630,20736937,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BassHacker,Just play the game already. Stop reading these reviews.
76561198009549233,Recommended,237630,20203190,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Allend,"A real joy to play!(Except for the final level, which made me rage quit about 20 times)Felt really great when I won though! =D"
76561198061766967,Recommended,237630,19197664,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mephesto,Good music lots of familiar characters from duckburg i recommend this game for all ducktales fans.
,Recommended,237630,13081194,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ColdCoffeeTea,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,237630,32804895,Posted: 26 June,all,Xantain,Claims to have full controller support but actually doesn't. The game only supports Xbox 360 controllers and a small portion of Logitech and Microsoft controllers.This means that I'd have to buy a new controller or use third party programs to get my controller working. Of course I could just use a keyboard but anyone who has ever played platformers with a keyboard knows how horrible it is.
,Not Recommended,237630,31039772,Posted: 9 April,all,Duke Maxwell,"Actually a great game, but crashes on the last boss and it's impossible to finish :C"
,Recommended,237630,29026169,Posted: 4 January,all,HGZ,"What a wonderful video game remaster of a great animated television series.I liked it so much i went and downloaded both ducktales 1 and 2 (original NES titles).Glad i bought this game, my heart jumps for joy everytime i hear that theme song play.10/10 would pogo Bounce on the enemy's head again!!"
76561198037419737,Recommended,237630,4453802,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Daniwcod,<3
76561198062736804,Recommended,237630,8659336,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SamVivi,DUCK TALES WOOHOO!!! That is all.
76561198026078342,Recommended,237630,8466732,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Animusmors,This game brings back fond memories from when I used to live in Duckberg.
,Recommended,237630,31127949,Posted: 13 April,all,Duece Piece,Simply a CLASSIC! What else needs to be said? Buy it!
,Not Recommended,237630,21027117,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Harmon,"I purchased this game alongside Mickey Mouse: Castle of Illusions during the Lunar Sale and played both the same morning so my review is for both games simultaneously.I didn't care for Duck tales. I wasn't a big fan of the show when I was a kid. (I was more of a Darkwing Duck kid) Right away I was disappointed that the backgrounds and items were not hand drawn like the sprites were. The sprites look great but they are placed overtop of very generic uninspired 3D backgrounds. Castle of Illusions, however, uses all 3D animation and it blends together wonderfully. The backgrounds feel as alive as the foregrounds.Moving Scrooge McDuck around is basic enough. Bounce on his cane to attack and occasionally swing at objects to bat them across the room. Things like climbing ropes felt strange as I could not jump from rope to rope but rather just fall and hope to catch ahold of another rope. Controlling Mickey Mouse was much more fun in Castle of Illusions. The mouse has ups and when you jump it's fun. Gameplay mechanics felt much more polished whereas Scrogge McDuck's controls were straight out of 8 bit NES era and not necessarily in a good nostalgic way.The cutscenes in Duck Tales come often and they are corny and repeat themselves unnecessarily. I found myself skipping cutscenes I hadn't even watched for the first time rather quickly into my experience.And this is the big one for me. Once you exhaust all of your lives in Duck Tales you have to go back to the very beginning of the level and find all of the items over again. Classic old school gameplay. Although when you add that mechanic you better be sure you have a strong game. When I died and went back to the beginning of the Amazon level, I didn't want to do all of that over again mainly because it wasn't that fun to do to begin with. In Castle of Illusions when Mickey was booted out of a room and made to start again I looked forward to having another go at it. That initial reaction to ""starting a level over"" in a game will always tell me whether or not I am enjoying the game.So in conclusion if you are into the Disney characters or just want a cartoon platformer and find a few Disney toons (Scrooge McDuck is basically a spin on Donald Duck) on your wishlist -- go with Castle of Illusions over Duck Tales: Remastered."
,Recommended,237630,34378303,Posted: 20 August,all,Kittykatman,"well turns out, life was like a hurricane.."
,Recommended,237630,26571359,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,martellthacool,i love this game.I love the Ducktales Remastered.wish there was more updates to this game to make it fluid and runs smooth
,Not Recommended,237630,20968067,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SirBruceX,"What better place and time to have unavoidable game breaking crashes then during the end of the final stage, and only then? What a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198095514293,Not Recommended,237630,28720028,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GrosserManitou,"I absolutely loved the game, especially the music.But unfortunatly a bug prevented me from killing the final boss and finishing the game.So I sadly can't recommend it."
,Recommended,237630,34697506,Posted: 2 September,all,RandomSeagull,Good but short game. 8/10
,Not Recommended,237630,18913250,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Imperiosus,"It looks great and the remixed theme song is phenomenal.  However, the gameplay does not succesfully make the transition to a modern platformer."
,Not Recommended,237630,19587099,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mortang,Game crashes on final boss.Impossible to complete.Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,237630,17528006,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kampfferkerl,"Great game, but I am one of the unlucky ones, for whom the game freezes in the last bss battle. Since this is and unfixed problem which is VERY frustrating indeed, as it stands, I cannot recommend the game."
,Recommended,237630,10726629,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Girltummy,Ducktales WOHO! :D
,Recommended,237630,11451227,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Lord Freiza,This game is fun WOO-OO!
,Not Recommended,237630,28842438,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mykwon,Crashes miserably at the final boss. Tons of people reporting this problem and no updates. You guys suck. Don't buy unless you don't want to get any ending and any achievements for finishing the game.
,Recommended,237630,8452582,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Quin,"Excellent and faithful adaption of the original game, feeling both new and nostalgic at the same time. Definitely worth playing even if you never lived through this era of gaming."
76561198083857846,Not Recommended,237630,28808428,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wendy's,"Games like this are the reason why Steam should implement a neutral option to their review system.PROS:+ Story+ very accessible+ Controls (for the most part)+ GraphicsCONS:- repetitive level design- very short (anywhere from 2-3 hours)- massive difficulty spike towards the end of the game- too many cutscenes in-between gameplayIn conclusion, if you're looking to get into the platforming genre for the first time Ducktales: Remastered for the most part is a template for the basics of the genre. But if you're looking for something longer or more difficult, I strongly recommend other platformers on Steam and even some from the same developer such as the Shantae series. Only get this game on sale or if you really love DuckTales."
76561198040830753,Not Recommended,237630,23768872,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheGreenBastrd,"Would be a great game if it wasn't broken. If you play on an Nvidia GPU do not expect to be able to finish this game. The game crashes every single time I reach the final boss fight. Sometimes it makes it a couple lines into the cutscene but usually just freezes the instant that the curtains appear on screen. I cannot reccomend this title unless this gamebreaking bug is fixed, which unfortunately isn't likely to happen."
,Recommended,237630,22312400,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SH3IKANTETOKOUNMPO,"A gorgeous remake, one of my favorites NES games.  10/10obs: The music that plays when you just finish the game is pure gold."
,Not Recommended,237630,13312574,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Netherfiend,"To be honest, this gameplay just does not hold up well. It's very similar to the original from what I remember, but playing it again and bouncing in every nook and cranny to find extra gems... I just didn't find it very fun. The voice acting is awesome, and the game looks great. But, overall, meh."
76561198025133152,Not Recommended,237630,23786885,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Don Kale,"Hang at last boss.There's a topic on Steam about it, happened to me even before that (so can't use the obvious skip cinematic trick as well).It's unfortunate that a decent remake can have this kind of bug, so really can't express favorably."
,Recommended,237630,27029343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cube,Wow.  redo of the NES game done right and you can run this version at 4k and beyond and wow does it look good.
,Not Recommended,237630,24189924,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rizlmilk,I can't complete the game because it freezes after I beat a boss. I would never recommend a game that has a game-breaking bug preventing a player from finishing.
,Recommended,237630,11526692,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Count Talcula,"A pretty swell five hours of my life playing this. I didn't play the original NES version, but you can tell this adaption was made with a lot of love and care. Just what I'd expect from WayForward. I heard some people didn't like all the cutscenes, it's mostly just jokes that you can skip if you wanted, but some of it was pretty funny despite being aimed at kids.Five out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)"
,Recommended,237630,16198633,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Zoomburgers,"Too hard, went back to Dark Souls.Is good tho 8.5/10"
,Recommended,237630,7602494,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,System 32,"This game is actually a pretty damn good remake. It's still as fun as the original and the gameplay is still the same. This game is still pretty difficult if you haven't played it before but its easy once you know the game inside and out.Now if you're wondering about whats differentThe changes they made are:2 new levelsCutscenes with the original voice actorsUnlockable art and musicSome changes to levels to get rid of the multiple visits to the Transylvania levelRemastered musicBetter grayfics with hand drawn sprites in a 3d worldOverall, its a good remake of a game you should play if you like a good 2d platformer8/10"
,Recommended,237630,8725189,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Great soundtrack from Jake Kaufman, genius chip tune artist, amazing redone graphics, fun game play and best of all, the original voice actors found work again. :)Support this game, play it, love it. :)"
76561198013026902,Recommended,237630,8388395,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Jaguar,"I had the original game on the old-school original Nintendo system when I was a kid and played it over and over.  It was a great game.  I was a bit apprehensive when I saw that they re-made it.  However, they did a great job with the re-make.  It's not exacly like the original but it has most of the same elements and it successfuly captures the feel (and the fun) of the original game.  I saw some people on the discussion boards griping about some glitches in the game when it first came out.  However I just now got the game (it's been out for several months now) and I'm having no problems whatsoever.  So I'm assuming the game has been updated/patched and the problems have been solved.Anyhow, my only complaint is that game seems a little short.  I've been playing for only a few hours and I'm already more than half-way through it.  But it's super-fun, so I feel it was still totally worth buying...especially since I got it on sale.  I'm having a blast playing it.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,237630,8585325,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Huewbert, Luewbert, and Deuwbert have been goosenapped by the Bagle Boys, and it's up to you to save them! Are you a bad enough dude to save Scrooge McDucks fortune? Find out on the next amazing episode of Tailspin!They should do this with more old Nintendo games. I would pay good money to see an HD version of Blaster Master..."
,Recommended,237630,34331464,Posted: 18 August,all,Savi0r flashyflashy.com,"Overall GameplayThe overall gameplay was amazing, I played this game for about an hour and it was fun. It is hard to get bored when playing this game there is so much to do. I played the moon stage and I did my best to find all the hidden gems, I even tried looking for some secret rooms and I only found 1, which was a health room that gave you an extra heart and replenished your health. I did die a lot mostly because I was getting used to this game, but after 15 minutes I got the hang of things and stopped dying.ControlsYou can play this game on a keyboard but it's uncomfortable. I played with both keyboard and controller. With keyboard I felt uncomfortable because the only keys you need to use are Z, Space Bar, and the Arrow keys. My hand was getting tired as I had my fingers on Z, and the Space Bar. Controller is better to play, considering that this game was made to play with a controller.Good Buy?Yes, it's an amazing buy. I purchased it for $4.99 instead of the usual $14.99. For me personaly I don't think I would buy it for 14.99 but I would buy it on sale, it's one of those games that you can wait on."
76561197967949288,Recommended,237630,8210618,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Synchrite,GET IT WTF
,Recommended,237630,8214875,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cloudisms,Great platformer with a beautiful setting!
76561197973094934,Recommended,237630,8216757,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Psychatog Sith,it's all about the cakes
,Recommended,237630,31250549,Posted: 19 April,all,Xolta11,The  game play from the nes  clasic is more or less there. The  blend of  3d and  2d  animated sprites make me think of paper mario. The tutorial isnt  realy needed but its nice.
,Recommended,237630,6937228,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,FM,Игра где нет сохраненок ))) Приятные воспоминания в новой обложке
,Not Recommended,237630,20648006,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Methysandoz,if you don't like the scottish accent like me then don't play this game .. i watched the cartoon's in netherlands and english . but i can't stand that scottish accent in this game  they ruined it in my opinion.BUT its a awesome game if you only look at the gameplay you will have a great time.
76561198032873398,Recommended,237630,8319677,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,WoZziE,"If You Want a challenge put this gem of a game on ""Hard"" and you will see how great of a gamer you really are !Great Visuals and a great remake of the original classic back in 89 , the levels are challenging as ever and therewill be plenty of Nerd Raging going on for sure as i have been :DIm only 2 levels completed so far but the reward of beating a level is a great feeling .. so far overall 9/10( Just Make Sure You Play This On Hard if you want your moneys worth ) :-)"
,Recommended,237630,10736305,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cameraman,A wonderful remake of the NES action platformer. Everyone from the cast of the show is here.
,Recommended,237630,8582499,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kivivarvas,BUY A CONTROLLER FOR THIS! Can`t be caps locked enough about this.
76561197972448359,Recommended,237630,8872907,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,rsteiner,You better get the game nowI said nowanyone that has ever seen the cartoon has to get it nowI said now
,Recommended,237630,8934822,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,euan.williams,Ducks LOL
,Recommended,237630,8423398,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,Fantastic recreation. The main theme blasts up and you can't help but get teary.
76561198000777049,Recommended,237630,10846301,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slan44,Good game. A bit short but really really fun to play!!
76561198078582252,Recommended,237630,25012629,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Baggy,"Well bless ma bagpipes, and curse ma kilt! McDuck has every Scottish stereotype under the sun woo-hoo"
,Recommended,237630,1424703,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Power,Mother♥♥♥♥ing DuckTales
,Recommended,237630,13061233,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aethelia,"IF YOU LIKE NES YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME.I didn't even own the NES version of this particular game, and it still brought back good memories of those times. The reviews mentioning difficulty are way off though, it's pretty easy to 100% this game on the highest difficulty, BUT YOU MUST STILL BUY THIS REMAKE IF YOU LIKE NES GAMES."
,Recommended,237630,7862227,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Neppu Ankokuboshi,"DuckTales on the NES was an amazing game, this remake is AWESOME, i was really happy when i heard they were making a remastered version of the game, everything is perfect: the gameplay, the music (ohhh god the moon theme), the graphics, everything is perfect.10/10"
,Recommended,237630,1414371,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,[Redacted],"Let it be stated that an Ancient Gem of Gaming has been properly put to rest. This game holds a dear and personal place in my heart, as it starts the Story of Lester Roquefort. Yes, this is the very very very very first game i've ever played and it makes me weep with joy on how they've chosen to remember this one, both it's game and cartoon counterpart.Excuse me, i have to buy more cleanex..."
,Not Recommended,237630,20702083,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,gaming in my boxers,"game is broken at the end for many people...it either fully freezes at or just before the last battle, so the game can NOT be finisheduntil this is fixed, i will  warn people to NOT buy this game"
,Recommended,237630,11092776,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,The Best Submarine,Play on easy mode.
,Recommended,237630,20657091,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Esquilo,Great nostalgic game!
,Not Recommended,237630,20692500,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CoasterCraft Gold,Game can randomly freeze up on the final boss. This is apparently a common bug. Go play the original.
,Recommended,237630,8500296,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Bialar,Woohoo
,Not Recommended,237630,17466122,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,mopeus,"I got this title for nostalgia's sake, but it really does not have any redeeming qualities."
76561198015237777,Recommended,237630,2967482,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Otacon,"Great game, it's fun and nostalgic!"
,Recommended,237630,8587778,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zed,"Excellent for reliving a remastered classic, perfect for picking up a controller."
76561198003760901,Recommended,237630,11341588,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Doctor Quack,jesus christ i am such a casual how do you beat mount vesuvius
,Recommended,237630,11930822,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Santa Paws,I found this game to be a classic. I spent all night and day jamming the theme song and rocking this game. Would play again 5 stars.
,Recommended,237630,16589311,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Miles,Have you ever wanted to be a duck? Me neither.10/10 Would duck again.
76561198171684910,Recommended,237630,28020141,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Armon JaGray,hue
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,237630,26483026,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Himax,A wonderful remake of a classic and loved title.Or at least it WOULD be if not for the game-breaking bugs. :(
,Recommended,237630,11114809,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Azmo Johnson,"Ankat, Wohoo"
,Recommended,237630,20878053,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Big Hat,Best money swimming simulator.11/10.
,Recommended,237630,24374787,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NuclearDrifter,"Very fun game! I love the gameplay, music, and storyline! The DuckTales theme song is stuck in my head! All in all, this game is great, and I would recommend getting this title. The only flaw I have about this game is the price. I personally think $15 is a bit too much for this, even though it was a good game. I got it on sale during the 2016 Summer Sale, and I thought that if I got it when it wasn't on sale, it would have been a bit too much. All in all (again), this game is great, but the price is a bit too high. If you're willing to get it even though it's $15, go ahead."
76561198023457849,Recommended,237630,10928766,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,nWo4Life,Faithful to the original and still fun.
76561197991103051,Recommended,237630,8998710,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Puddle,Well there is a bit of nostalgia for you huh? They remastered the orignal game and got the orignal voice actors. Granted they are all much older now so it sounds a little bit off in the cases of Hewy Dewy and Luie. This is a fun game and is quite challenging on normal or hard.
,Recommended,237630,11355884,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,JOBBIN TIL' I DIE,1. Do you like video games?2. Do you like Ducktales?If you answered yes to either 1 or 2 you will enjoy this game. It's an HD remake that doesn't feel like a soul-less cashgrab!
,Recommended,237630,2175827,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,lehrbua,A must have who knows the Nes-Game!!!! <3
76561197997265247,Recommended,237630,11185454,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,★由紀子★,"Childhood nostalgia at it's finest, very fun game that can be enjoyed even too this day. With the HD-remake, DuckTales returns us to the Amazons, the Himalayas and so on, even the moon. All together with know characters of the series including GizmoDuck, there is a lot of fun content packed into the game.If you loved the game or even if u had bad luck and missed out on this gem, then here's your chance to enjoy it !4/5 - There are a few flaws with the game and concept but most games around it's release-date had some."
76561198196924930,Not Recommended,237630,25052727,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,big poo poo boi,duck tales has a black screen for me when i start the game if you have a solution please contact me
,Recommended,237630,10633324,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Wizzard Jagji,"Never played the original, so I picked this up, and could not be happyer. A geart game. Challanging, and fun all in one. Deffently get this if you like platformers."
76561198133319053,Recommended,237630,24107948,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dillywink0,its a great game to buy
,Not Recommended,237630,19434459,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,HRLAA⚜,"I love the gameplayBut the storie it's horribleI can't skip the cut cines.  And when I found a treasure , I need to see what year it's who areit's really annoyingI give 7/10"
,Recommended,237630,8379727,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Much like with A Boy and His Blob, WayForward has taken another flawed classic and turned it into a modern masterpiece while somehow managing to retain everything lovable about the original. Would gladly recommend to both fans of DuckTales and retro-style platformers in general."
,Recommended,237630,32968166,Posted: 28 June,all,rckets,10/10 game to relax with too
76561198066556321,Recommended,237630,10762796,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LeadPaintChip,Nice re-make of the classic.  Has some incentives to keep playing.
76561198069778620,Recommended,237630,20005667,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,canisferus,Brings memories back!
,Recommended,237630,20027670,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cross my heart n i hope to die,9/11 bast gaem
,Recommended,237630,20024332,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sean the Potato,"Life is like a huricane.Here in,Duckburg."
,Recommended,237630,20079577,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,unclepeyj,You can swim in gold coins!!!
,Recommended,237630,25027309,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,NIKJG3,It's good
,Recommended,237630,34363634,Posted: 19 August,all,LegoGreenNinja12,"This game is awesome, the graphics are solid and even the voice acting. Pretty much it's a 9/10. Now i will give the bad things in this game. First, the the last lvl where you fight dracula is pretty buggy, this is probably my computer  but the rest of the gameplay was solid till i got to the last lvl. Second, the chase sequence at the end is hard as ♥♥♥♥, plus with my buggy screen doesnt help but managable. Thirdly, the grabbing mechanics, specificallly at the end was not god damn responsive, i died most of the time because of that. In conclusion, must need a better computer to play this game so that it wont bug out on you"
76561198030161289,Recommended,237630,25033582,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,chaosstare,Brings me back to my childhood ^^
,Recommended,237630,25033799,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hekw0n,Great game to play ... I would recommend this game ... my only issue is and I don't know if it's just me but the sound sucks ... it kept skipping like a broken record ... sometimes when the sound was skipping it would lose sync with the story dialog ... it was OK for the first minute but it was sorta non-stop after that ... I wonder if the developers know about this and working on a fix because it is a great fun game except for this SOUND part of the game ...
,Recommended,237630,8977205,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Revvster,2D ♥♥♥♥ing darksouls
,Not Recommended,237630,12154956,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,CEAON,"I want to love this game. I really, REALLY want to love this game. But, since I'm an NVidia user and keep my drivers up to date, I have to deal with crashing on the final boss that Disney, CAPCOM and Wayforward don't want to fix or even address for that matter."
,Recommended,237630,28603375,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Private Pepperoni,Great Game! An updated version of the original. Very good. Must buy on a sale if you like platformers!
,Recommended,237630,33546821,Posted: 14 July,all,Cheevy,Guys from WayForward put a lot of soul in this game.I feel so good when playing this in nostalgia times.
76561198284692845,Recommended,237630,34004678,Posted: 3 August,all,miloresk8,Great platformer but the cut scenes are unskippable which is fine but annoying.  The art make it look like you're controlling an episode of Ducktales... Woohoo
76561198289118131,Recommended,237630,34513178,Posted: 26 August,all,LightWolf96,a great  remastered of a old game.
,Recommended,237630,32356998,Posted: 11 June,all,Adultery,"The voice acting is stellar, and it plays like I remember! Worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,237630,32098203,Posted: 31 May,all,TheBleak13,Really brings back memories and the quality is really good... well good enough for a nintendo game.
,Recommended,237630,26925312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr_Bonghitz,Only game i've 100%'d
,Not Recommended,237630,13276692,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Not for the price. I actually thought it would look and play better than it actually does. Get this for like three bucks or under, IMO. I loved the original NES version, but this one was a bit painful to revisit. The dialogue is really slow, and the graphics and music are meh at best.I have buyers remorse on this one."
,Recommended,237630,8217758,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DDN142,"Cute game. there are some things lacking from the original, but it's a nice game to play with little kids"
,Recommended,237630,27733829,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PiT,LIFE IS LIKE A HURRICANEHERE INDUCKBURG10/10
76561198020788355,Recommended,237630,27307498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,the_unstranger,"Just as good as the original, but way better graphics and sound."
,Recommended,237630,27286274,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Niquibong,A Great piece of nostalgia....Soak it up :)
,Recommended,237630,33457159,Posted: 11 July,all,Very FAT really,I can finaly be my spirt animal
76561197984397730,Recommended,237630,1013713,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Astimartini,"Во-первых, стоит иметь ввиду, что у многих настольгия осталась именно по второй части. А тут мы имеем ремейк первой, которая примитивнее второй, с её магазинчиком, апгрейдами и поисками карт. Поэтому почуствовать себя эдаким перепончатолапым Индианой Джонсом не выйдет.Что понраивлось:- старый добрый геймлей: прыгаем на клюке, пинаем ящики - всё как в старые недобрые 90'ые. Даже глюки перенесли с любовью =)))- уровни немного изменили и расширили, добавили немного новых... сюжет тоже немного переработали.- музыкальные темы перезаписали, но сохранили- графика довольно приятная- изменили механику боссов - некоторые стали гораздо интереснее и сложнееЧто не понравилось:- убрали дополнительные сокровища... приходишь на место старого секрета, а там ничего кроме алмазов и пополнения здоровья- смысла в поисках секретов и зарабатывании бабла особо нет - если только открывать унылые и вряд ли кому-то нужные концепт-арты на ачивку- тупые детские диалоги, которые возникают по кажому поводу и без повода... Мало того, что просаживают темп игры, так ещё и сбрасываются только через меню- играть на клавиатуре не то чтобы прям уж очень тяжело... но, если учесть, что 75% игры проходится с зажатыми двумя кнопками, проблемы с подкючением геймпада весьма не порадовали.Ещё немного мыслей.Непонятно, на какую аудиторию расчитывали разработчики. Детям игра будет вряд ли интересна, потому что и ""Утиные истории"" для них уже не актуальны, и проектов по-лучше хватает. Если на взрослую аудиторию, на зачем было делать её НАСТОЛЬКО детской? Диалоги примитивны (о том, что они вообще не нужны уже писалось) и шутки тупы даже для детей... Сгодятся разве что совсем для трёхлетних. На настольгии игра тоже играет весьма частично. С одной стороны знакомые уровни, знакомая механика... но всё какое-то чужое (нет, не вырос, запущенная под эмулятором игра по-прежнему доставляет).Итого, брать или нет. Я рекомендую купить. Как минимум в надежде на то, что игра окупится и разработчики примутся за ремейк второй части."
,Recommended,237630,35194391,Posted: 24 September,all,Hesh,greatest game to ever grace any platform ever.
,Recommended,237630,10726487,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,放火魔,Just like old times...
,Recommended,237630,10726498,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Destrucity,Fantastic! Highly Reccomended! :)
,Recommended,237630,26820052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"The Elders, Scrolls, Online?","Having never played the original DuckTales, I didn't have many expectations going into a remaster of a revered game such as DuckTales.It's great and deceptively difficult if you aren't familiar with platformer titles."
,Recommended,237630,28131677,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TUNRAX•〰TBC〰•,i wanted to play ducktales not darksouls (finish the game to find out)btw good game9/10 would ragequit again
76561197975858699,Recommended,237630,28319929,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Invertedspank,This is a very beautifully done remaster
,Recommended,237630,8357182,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Psybev,"Whether or not you've played the original game on NES, whether or not you even watched the show as a kid, this is a must-have platformer. It's more than just a fresh coat of paint, Wayforward has lived up to the subtitle ""Remastered,"" removing or improving many parts, and adding cutscenes and two brand-new stages to give plot and context to events, voiced by none other but all the original voice actors from the show!What to do? Just grab onto some Ducktales!"
,Not Recommended,237630,28871670,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tonichan,It's a great game until it crashes when you beat the final boss.
,Recommended,237630,27856490,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TardisOperator,"Having played this game when I was a wee individual, it really held up in my mind of how fun this game was back then and is now. Obviously not as challenging now that I know how to play a platformer, but still an amazing game."
,Recommended,237630,27923259,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uziel,I have really enjoyed playing the game but it crashes on the last boss every time.
76561198011502457,Not Recommended,237630,10690284,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),ok qaperntly those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s form disney were to lazy to beta test the game full cause im stuck on a invisible blcok in the last level so i would advise this game if you never plan on finishing it
,Recommended,237630,1280694,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Geen,Fantastic reimagining of the NES game. A great homage to the Capcom original and the cartoon.
,Recommended,237630,33477252,Posted: 12 July,all,Damien Ramirez,"Great game, runs & plays well, Same old ducktales."
,Recommended,237630,2703505,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Kernyx,Classic!Loved it on my old Game Boy.
76561198196645005,Not Recommended,237630,20393061,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,charalambousdimitris,boring and sound is very noisy remix of 16 bits version of the original game.
,Recommended,237630,1245788,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Cyborg Noodle,Every day they're out there making DuckTales!
76561198150042720,Recommended,237630,28251596,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kfa,game too short
76561198016342941,Recommended,237630,26974100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheCarlinist,I loved this game back when I was a little kid and the remaster is FANTASTIC
,Recommended,237630,27191974,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morre Umenlake,"The good ol' classic, back with achievements and other goodies!"
,Not Recommended,237630,29395788,Posted: 21 January,all,iWaNN,"Developers did not test their game. Very simple and easy at main part and megahardcore at the end. ~5 lives lost at 6 levels and more than 20 lives lost at the end of last level.I hope, they will hire testers and will DO check balance at difficulty level in their games at the future."
76561198071760031,Recommended,237630,29227944,Posted: 13 January,all,AmericanJohnny,"do i recommend it? HECK YES I DO....this was one of my favorite NES games when i was a kid....and NOW its re-mastered, its GREAT... but i highly recommend a controller not a keyboard"
,Recommended,237630,8611452,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,one of my favorite games ever made
,Recommended,237630,10203003,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,gaspipe,"Life is like a hurricaneHere in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanesIt's a duck-blurMight solve a mysteryOr rewrite historyDuckTales (oooh ooooh)Every day they're out there makingDuckTales (oooh ooooh)Tales of daring do bad and goodLuckTales (oooh ooooh)When it seems they're heading for theFinal curtainCool deduction never failsThat's for certainThe worst of messesBecome successes"
,Recommended,237630,11211242,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Axelhander,"Great update to a great NES classic. Better than the original, for my money (I made avideo series comparing the two)."
,Recommended,237630,33815768,Posted: 26 July,all,Ally Samoyed,👍
,Recommended,237630,12153444,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,FCR,"Oh boy oh boy, it's the time of the year where I re-make bad reviews I did in the past.This game is incredibly good. Good soundtrack, greatly made.It has nice cutscenes and the overall 2.5D thing is awesome.However, it has it's bad sides.Let's begin:Somewhat kinda boring I guess map parts. I played this, it was great but sometimes it just gets boring. It's my personal opinion so you can check out the game if you disagree with me.Crappy keyboard support. Again, it's my personal opinion, however I do not know if it was my keyboard being a pile of trash or the game isn't good for keyboards at all. I would definitely recommend playing this with a controller.This review was quite short. Please give constructive criticism, if you don't think it's a good game, please give reasonable reasons why you don't like it on the comments, same applies if you think my review isn't good."
76561198018806197,Not Recommended,237630,29015338,Posted: 4 January,all,Kesämökki Warrior ✂╰⋃╯,Otherwise nice game but freezes in the last boss cutscene every time.
76561198071851861,Not Recommended,237630,27081289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Melonballer,"Playing Ducktales: Remastered is a lot of fun.  It will remind you of the classic days of playing it on the NES.  Unfortunately the game has a bug that crashes the game during the final level.  After the final boss fight the game will freeze.  YOu can avoid this with skipping the animatic.  However, it can also freeze during the escape from the last level.  It is very annoying.  I would advise skipping this game until this problem is fixed."
76561198059655115,Recommended,237630,23857126,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ray,I don't really know what to say.It's perfect.
,Not Recommended,237630,27779595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cerby,"Fun and a throwback to my childhood for sure!  But sadly, it just randomly crashes.  And as the game only sets checkpoints in the Moneybin, if you spend 30 minutes figuring out an area to have it just crash at the boss is stupid and upsetting.  I can't blow on the cartridge either.  I'm a red vote because of this."
,Recommended,237630,8294053,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ganger,"Old school fun, the game doesn't hold your hand like modern games do these days."
76561198056594725,Recommended,237630,8426389,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[StSv] The Sober Penguin,worlds best ever retro platformer
76561198032352680,Recommended,237630,8204993,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,v = f λ,Awesome game.
,Recommended,237630,10853217,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SilentKnight111,It's your childhood all over again. Only better.
,Recommended,237630,10703699,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FireWire,"This game take you back to the old days, where you cannot buy your way out of a level. You just have to play and play to get better and beat the levels :)"
76561198049250161,Recommended,237630,10689067,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,UCONN_WOMENS_BASKETBALL,has a BASDE theme song 10/10
,Recommended,237630,32510713,Posted: 17 June,all,EMPEROR KARL FRANZ,DANK
76561198029974195,Recommended,237630,24998771,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Brigt,♥♥♥♥♥s tight yo
,Recommended,237630,25047150,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,AvianLoverGlyde85,"wow... this is just adoring.... i loved it from the start in fact! and like many people here, ducktales was a part of my lovely childhood. ducktales remastered trows all the stuff from the tv cartoons, the nes games and lovely HD into one big mixture of nostalgia overload... so i recommend this too those who alike me, wants too jump on a ride with the retro train and meet up at the nostalgia station...and i forgot the soundtrack is like the cherry on the icecream here...."
,Not Recommended,237630,23973118,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Crazy Cow,"I have played the original A LOT on the NES when I was a kid, this definatley brings back the memories of the original with less of the frustrations, better graphics, sounds and music. Most of level designs are very similar to the origianls with slight alterations for less back tracking it seems and some extra areas such as the mansion, bank and pre-boss level.Overall its a great fun remake and I would recommend it if I could actually finish the game, the game always crashes on the final boss fight making it uncompletable, therefore I can not recommend it.I could still replay previous levels, but this is a very serious bug for me."
,Recommended,237630,8204880,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,blckspider08,What are you waiting for buy this game enogh said
76561198039679458,Not Recommended,237630,32091038,Posted: 31 May,all,Kharnivore2099,"Pros: Looks great. Fantastic musicCons: It is awful to control and has a lot of dreadful dialogue that gets old real quick.Do yourself a favour and just play the original NES title. I love a classic platformers, but this is just not what I hoped it would be, and it just doesn't feel good at all."
76561198126803513,Recommended,237630,25577405,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Starnana the BOO! B.,It's a game about stupid Donald Ducks getting downvoted by people that have grudges against me.
76561198131879572,Recommended,237630,28358821,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Trionnl,Nostalgia
,Recommended,237630,27786697,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sane-sensei,I loved it! I remember when I played it when I was a kid. Lots of childhood memories <3 I recommend this game to anyone. 10/10 anytime!
76561198003996728,Recommended,237630,20728617,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,wanted31,AWESOME !!!
76561198103557314,Recommended,237630,25317520,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,william_savard398,"un excellant jeux, le seul point faible est le temps de l'attence pendant les nombreuses animations et èa leur nombre. sinion c'Est un "" must """
,Recommended,237630,12066622,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Triumph,"I like the remake. I played the first one as a kid on the NES, and beat it plenty of times as a rental. there were some parts of the level design in a couple of areas that could have been better, but overall the game is pretty good and as fun as the original. the main issue was the frequent dialogue, lol. I liked it, it just happened a little frequently. There are challenges and leaderboards for the difficulty, loot gathered, and speed runs.  so there is quite a bit of replayability for people in those areas. as a 30-something that played the original as a child, I feel that this is one of the better remakes of classic games.  it's on sale for 50% off, and may have an 80% off day during the sale, so I figured I'd post this in case anyone was on the fence about it. It's a good grab."
,Recommended,237630,23801921,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Avarieltyris,Nice remake but the original has a better place in my memory
76561198053087976,Recommended,237630,23856429,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Iflon,No option for sounds?No window mode?wtf...Gameplay is decent tho
,Not Recommended,237630,11125827,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,GTANJ,"This game stinks. It's short as hell, the cutscenes are way too long and the voice acting is so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying that you'll find yourself skipping them a few minutes in. The gameplay is alright, but suffers from being too easy. Did I mention that the game is short? I beat it in two hours without even really trying to go through it fast. I did skip cutscenes, but honestly they add nothing to the game other than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ exposition. Seriously this game is like 5 levels and then a boss level that is basically just a reskin of one of the other levels.Why did Crapcom remake this game? This♥♥♥♥♥♥blows.One♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/ 10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,237630,8218810,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Boja,"Nice graphics and creative remake of original levels. The music and voice acting are also very nicely done.The story is boring, and interrupts gameplay way too frequently to keep me immersed in the game experience. Perhaps the designers should've kept the game action going while voice acting happens on top. Since the characters are basically just GIFs with voice acting on top, I'm shocked you can't skip the current line of dialogue without skipping the entire cinematic.The writing is written for ages 6 - 10, so it's very hard to stay interested in what the characters are talking about.The game bosses' AI is very simple. Each boss follows a strict pattern and doesn't even take into account Scrooge's position onscreen. This makes every boss battle an exercise in simple pattern recognition. This is expected from the original NES title, but I would've liked to see a ""remastering"" of the challenge from the original game.The game feels repetitive after the second level is completed. I'd only recommend this for fans of the original show, and even then, wait for a Steam sale."
76561197964358565,Not Recommended,237630,11099786,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Icarox,"There's nothing mastered about this game. It is nostalgia packaged with original voice acting from the cartoon, cheap 3D art for the environment and nice looking 2D art and animation for the characters.And that's exactly the problem with this game; it can't decide wether or not it should poke at your nostalgia from the TV cartoon, or from the NES video game so it decides to go for both.Seeing that this is an actual video game, I would've prefered if they spent more thought into the actual game elements and less so with the dozens of character conversations which is forced on the player.It is fortunate that you have the ability to skip 'cinematics', you do however feel less so when you have to replay a level, and then skip the three consecutive cinematics the game just has to deliver to you in order to get back to playing the actual game.Wayforward has gone through great lengths to make sure the character controls and level design feels like the NES game, but seems to have forgotten to ask if the old game actually had good level design and avatar game feel.Controlling Scrooge McDuck does feel good and precise, but it doesn't matter much when the levels themselves are simply annoying.The character is playing the game to collect treasures, you are motivated to find more and the game has diamonds scattered everywhere.If you enter a room and theres a corner where there's nothing: there's something there, go there, jump a little and diamonds will appear. The game habitualizes the player to nervously search through every nook and cranny for diamonds all the time. At this point you might as well make them visible to begin with, and not have the player go there, then leave the spot to then have the diamond spawn and then finally go back to the spot to pick it up. It's tedious, it breaks flow.And that's essentially what the game's biggest flaw is; it doesn't understand flow. All the running around, jumping, bouncing and searching for things which the original game did well, gets obscured by useless fluff that's only there to make us remember an old TV cartoon."
,Not Recommended,237630,25445086,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DenHond,"What could have been a nice modern remake, turned out to be a fairly bad game, due to some poor decisions.The worst decision they made is the difficulty: easy is just a walk in the park, normal is a small nightmare (with double damage and 2 lives instead of infinite). I would have been way happier if they added some extra lives and kept the damage from easy for smaller enemies.Next up is the constant interruptions for some slow and tedious dialogue, you can skip it, but then you'll miss out on the... ehrm... story...But is the gameplay any good? While the 6 different levels are completely different and have a nice design to them (which is supposed to be similar to the NES version), the game game suffers a bit from bad hit boxes and some details like being knocked back when you get hit (which can be annoying with 1 block platforms). But overall, besides all the mentioned problems in the review, I was OK with the levels. It's just a shame that on easy you're just blasting through them, and on hard keep restarting them.As for the visuals, the only thing I would have liked was animated mouths (or beaks) when characters were talking. Other than that, it was like watching a very crisp cartoon (which is exactly the look it needs).The game also features some decent background music, although nothing special (except maybe the original Duck Tales theme).In conclusion (tl;dr): This game could have been pretty good, if it weren't for the difficulty settings."
,Not Recommended,237630,34335498,Posted: 18 August,all,MaJu V.,"The gameplay by itself is good. But it's clearly a port and you have the chance of runing into weird bugs.And do I need to mention there is no option to skip dialogues nor an option to control your audio? Seriously, no audio control?I bought this for the nostalgia and I'll probably will keep playing it. But I can't recommend it due to bugs and obvious features that are missing."
,Recommended,237630,23962217,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Grisu,Played this one on a Gameboy Classic. The remake is worth a buy.
,Recommended,237630,9125041,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Avalanche Software's #1 Fan,"Tougher Than the Toughies, Smarter Than the Smarties. This game is fantastic! So much fun!"
76561197967808460,Not Recommended,237630,29735064,Posted: 5 February,all,Woose Wayne,"The nostalgia for this game didn't last long after dying for the 5th time at the boss of the first level. Now I remember how hard this game was back when it was released on the NES. When all the fluff  and flareis peeled away, the Remastered version is identical to its NES counterpart. The game is hard and frustrating because It lacks all of the modern video game features, such as checkpoints. I beleive this was intentional to retain as much of the original version as possible. Compared to today's video game standards, this is not always a good thing."
,Recommended,237630,19624289,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Randy Marsh,"Do you like adventures and exploration? Are you a fan of retro-style platformers with newer graphics?This game is very nearly an exact remake of the original on the NES. It's a lot more forgiving this time around, but i would heartily recommend picking it up if you see it on sale!"
76561197970364291,Recommended,237630,8174189,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Rog,Just like the Classic!! Amazing!!
,Not Recommended,237630,19232914,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,spoonyknife,"Didnt like this game at all, was too simple. The controls were too goofy"
,Not Recommended,237630,12402116,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Gastel,"Good graphics, great re-mixed music, more or less the same gameplay of the original NES game. The problem here is that there's not enough content to justify its price. Judging by the ending credits more people worked on this game than on a triple A best seller. Their fault. Buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,237630,30897864,Posted: 2 April,all,Mrop,Freeze on final boss makes it impossible to finish the game on some computers.
,Not Recommended,237630,8450624,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Locke,"Right now i feel like i have no choice but to NOT recommend this game. Almost immediately after starting, the game continually freezes for me and even refuses to end process. This is not an isolated incident- i wish i had done some research beforehand on the game because it appears that MANY people are reporting issues with the game freezing.April 6, 2014 edit: After a complete reformat, i decided to give the game another go: Crashing is still an issue, but the game is at least playable now. I would say the game crashes around once an hour for me."
76561197986193001,Recommended,237630,27999234,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Utnil,"Curse me kilts! Me money bin alarm! Quick, Duckworth, get the limo!"
76561198001590332,Not Recommended,237630,8625361,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Silver,"Despite being a remastered title, this game hasn't improved much from its NES roots.  Sections of the game are just as irritating as ever.  It also lacks modern features such as the ability to stop play in the middle of a level.  I can't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,237630,12563696,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Big J McNasty,"I hate it to say it, I really do. But this game is NOT woth picking up for full price. Honestly I wouldn't go much higher than 5$. Why? For all the prettyness and great voice talent in the game, the game sufferes from 2 majors flaws. 1. The hitboxes for both you and anything that can damage you is horrible. You can be just slightly off from hitting a foe directly on their head and take damage. This is made worse by the amount of 1-hit deaths in the game. 2. The games controls are terrible. This ruins the game for me. Its tragic just how bad they are when you see the depth the game has to it. How are they bad? They are unresponsive. One secound you are holding the pogo button bouncing along, and for no apparent reason you stop and will most likely die or take damage. You won't always jump or move when you want to as well. This made even the fun parts of the game a nightmare. Instead of enjoying myself I found myself watching my every step. The game has so much going for it but I can't reccomend it for 15$ when it just isn't polished."
,Not Recommended,237630,9500282,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"Well... This is tough choice. The game is a remake of Duck Tales from my childhood. I have a fond memories of that. But Duck Tales 2013 is not polished enough. It's short, it's very easy, textures could be much better. And cutscenes are slow and boring. It would be nice game for tablet or phone. 4.99$ or smth.It can be fun, but there are so much better platformers out there. Not reccomended."
,Not Recommended,237630,8636210,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Jaswando Senpai,Game is Hard.
76561198057711891,Not Recommended,237630,8598308,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Bill Cosby,"The game is a bit short for the price, and the controls are unresponsive at times, which is a problem when killing enemies as you have to pogo jump on them. But the game is visually great and the audio is good, but a game you can beat in an afternoon with some unresponsive jumping controls make it not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,237630,1362486,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Ben [PortsCenter.TV],"Y'know when you eat an entire box of Milk Duds, but then you feel oddly hollow afterwards? DuckTales Remastered is a bit like that."
76561197993402955,Not Recommended,237630,9099228,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,"covers all the basics of retro bad game design, with the bonus of excessive, boring cutscenes. great music though"
,Recommended,237630,27987823,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hana Westie,This game is great and I love it :)
76561198046675266,Recommended,237630,23997893,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dustin,"Amazing remake from the classic NES game.Better music, better visuals, better gameplay overall.Hard as f*ck too!9/10"
,Not Recommended,237630,1841301,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Stokes,Gets an A+ all the way up until the last level where it becomes a mindnumbingly frustrating slog.  The last level expects way too much from the player.  Incredibly disappointing. Skip this. Play the nes .rom instead.Addendum: It's been months and Wayforward still has not patched volume controls into the game.  My game currently runs in 8 bit music mode with no way to change it. The developer that used to hang out at the Steam forums has vanished.  There are still bugs and missing features.  This is abandonware. Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,237630,8599790,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TBayMetal,"This game wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for two major flaws.  The first being the years of dialog which gets very old very fast and the other being the controls feel a little stiff and un responsive at times.  The dialog wouldnt bother me so much if I could only skip it, but I cant. I wouldnt recomend this game as I found it very frustrating with the large amount of cut scenes with long un needed dialog.  If you can get passed the amount of time you will be sitting at idle infront of your screen it really is a fun game, but I find myself reading a book while waiting for the cut scenes to end as the story isnt exactly grand in any way."
11221122112211221,Not Recommended,237630,8374538,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BlackSorrow,"Very nice memory and not bad remake.. just not really worth the money for just a few hours of gameplay. To those who liked ducktales in the past, go on, support this by all means as I did, but if you are looking for challanging game or game you could come back to, this one is not it"
76561198037021694,Not Recommended,237630,8581239,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,cizoo,bad remake...I miss the original inside games...
,Not Recommended,237630,8642238,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,sinnick,"Everything in this game that's from the original is wonderful, especially the remastered music and the controls.Everything in this game that they added which wasn't in the original game is horrible. This includes:- A pointless tutorial level- Horrible writing- Annoying voice acting- A final level that takes place *after* the final boss and is so difficult and finnicky that I couldn't get past it and wound up ragequitting because I was literally seconds away from finishing but couldn't make it there. I probably died about 50x more in that final sequence than I did during the entire rest of the game, and never got the satisfacting of beating the game. Thanks WayForward."
,Not Recommended,237630,8822753,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Hamburgler,A great game until the last level that was tacked on and made overbearingly difficult. Download the rom of the original instead.
,Not Recommended,237630,8853033,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,AdiroDeth,"If you want a game in which you have to play again and again and again without saving in middle levels, this is for you... This game sucks and I regret buying it."
,Recommended,237630,10640647,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Emennius,3.0/10 Awful
,Not Recommended,237630,10480000,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,sCREAMING LEVI BENTON,"I feel tricked. 13.59€ or not, this game is BAD. (note, I didn't like the first NES game either)The story is pointless. There is no threat against you finding these treasures, so it's pointless.The gameplay is meh. It's bland and repetetive.The levels are fairly boring.The music is the only good part.Overall, 3/10. It could be worse, but it's BAD."
76561198006555541,Not Recommended,237630,29920110,Posted: 14 February,all,Threepwood,nothing like the old game i remember and loved as a child
,Not Recommended,237630,12110875,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,duckduckGoose,I can't use any of my game pads without a dumb hack. Worthless game.
76561198120650301,Not Recommended,237630,13588083,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,YoshiRider,"Great license and nice remake. However the game was never an innovative platformer and that did not change. The level design is very linear with little variation in the gameplay. It is also a little unfair in certain spots to artificially increase the difficulty. At the end of the remake you can buy art, music and more from the money you collected during the game. This is a nice feature but for me not enough to replay the game. Also I miss the possiblility to switch to the original 8bit graphics as possible in the remastered Monkey Island games. In total, it was nice to play it again but more for sentimental reasons. People looking for good platformer and want to do so with  Disney figures  better buy ""Castle of Illusion"" which is a much better jump-and-run."
76561197968502797,Not Recommended,237630,13547810,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chehgarg,No worth it  unless its .99. Game keeps crashing on the last boss
76561197970704149,Not Recommended,237630,8859880,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Zippert,"For the nostalgic players, it might be worth getting at discount. But the game is too short, too easy and filled with annoying cutscenes/dialogues that brakes the pace."
76561198283337346,Recommended,237630,25038069,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MagicalTrucker2098,bossgame
76561198157896512,Recommended,237630,32260789,Posted: 7 June,all,Dr.controverse,Still on top babeeeeeeeeeee
76561197970676552,Not Recommended,237630,9100754,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Aliverde,"I was looking for some casual game for my 5y old son. Both him and me were completely disappointed. There was nothing in this game, that could keep our interest. May be, the game would be OK for someone completely new to computer games. For me and my son, it was completely boring. It feels like no real talent was involved in making this game."
76561197992159199,Not Recommended,237630,9025915,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,CoolFox,"I had fond memories of this game back on the NES, but this game just feels so monotonous. It's bug free, has tight controls, and the voice acting is spot on from the old cartoon, but it's just not... fun!"
76561198165386499,Recommended,237630,28240311,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,bee larry king,Awful voice acting.Inaccurate hit boxes.Inconsistent controls.Crap difficulty differences.Annoying character commentary.The final level's awful game design.10/10 its a masterpiece
,Not Recommended,237630,35012000,Posted: 16 September,all,HOLYONE,loved the show not a fan of the game
,Not Recommended,237630,8231798,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,chr,WARNING! This game does not work properly on 120hz monitors without a 3rd party software.
,Not Recommended,237630,8234934,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Stappi,"Start, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AStart, Skip Cinematic, AAchievement"
76561198042859938,Not Recommended,237630,8580254,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,"Old school classic, ruined with unprecise controls and ridiculously hard extra final level.Thanks for ruining my childhood!"
,Not Recommended,237630,32769277,Posted: 25 June,all,pipestrip,Out of all of the games I own the one I'd least expect to crash was ♥♥♥♥ing Ducktales
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,237630,8317299,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tsunami0ne,"Next time, pick a game worth remastering."
76561198085391841,Not Recommended,237630,25162362,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Grossout,"This game is the worst, what is up with putting cutscenes every 30 seconds? No kidding. Also I would rather take old pixelated graphics instead of these cartoon graphics"
,Recommended,237630,14761664,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,MISTER PIG,.::$::.
,Recommended,237630,1579693,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Armis,"Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes - it's a duck blurYou might solve a mystery or rewrite historyDuck Tales, Oo-ooTales of daring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooD-d-d-danger, watch behind you - there's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab onto some Duck Tales, oo-oo!Not pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!When it seems they're headed for the final curtainBold deduction never fails, that's for certainThe worst of messes become successes!Duck Tales, Oo-ooTales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooNot pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!"
76561197973517247,Not Recommended,237630,13169111,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CasualGypsy,"The ending sucks.  It's the ending to Treasure of the Golden Suns - Scrooge loses the treasure, but gains the real treasure, family.  The ending was good for a movie, but not a game.The music was good, but the ending absolutely blew."
76561198071957649,Not Recommended,237630,24064536,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nick nasty 666,"game crashes immediately upon launching in windows 10 , unplayable"
76561197998142664,Not Recommended,237630,12785557,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mike Furry,"While this game is visually stunning and has great voice acting, it has♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controls and crappy controller support.  To get some controllers to work, you have to download a bunch of extra files and waste a ton of time trying to set everything up!Why couldn't they just do this in the first place?!What is the most important thing about any game?  BEING ABLE TO PLAY IT!=^.,.^="
,Not Recommended,237630,33353380,Posted: 7 July,all,imorol,"Such a disappointment. Unfunny, unskippable dialogue, bad controls. Whilst not expecting a AAA game, the animation is bad. Wouldn't recommend and regret buying."
76561197977031335,Not Recommended,237630,25488067,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Wezilla,Worst ragequit I had this...deleted good riddance.
,Recommended,237630,8562733,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kuehnau,"I had my eye on DuckTales Remastered for awhile now, since I loved the NES game so much. Well it was on sale this week so I decided to pick it up and I don't regret it.It's a great nostalgic throw back to a franchise many of us 80's and 90's children grew up with. The music has been remastered wonderfully and I haven't had any problems with the controls. It's great that they managed to get (most?) of the voice actors back, that only make's it that much more special.The stages are mostly left the same, with minior changes to make it more action packed or intresting, I haven't had a problem with the stages, in my opinion it simply makes the whole experience more ""refreshing"".A complaint that seemed common with people was that the cut scenes cut away from the game and while agree that sometimes there's a little bit TOO much banter interuppting gameplay, it really hasn't been a deal breaker for me and some of the major cutscenes explaining the story and situation has been nice since the original NES game didn't really do too well of a job explaning anything, not that as kids we needed it, ha ha.To be perfectly honest, the only major grip I have is the art. The character sprites are wonderfully done, except the artists seem to neglect minor touches to the game, such as having the character's mouths move when they talk. The biggest issue I have though is that the sprites look wonderful, as if they were hand drawn and then everything else is a stagnant, ugly, pastel colored 3D rendered. The two styles class horribly and the artists who were doing the background and foreground work didn't even bother to have proper perspective when considering the sprites. In the introduction stage, doors, chairs and other background objects look to be 10 times bigger then character sprites and it's just lame and offputting.Does that ruin the game for me? No, not really, but it is a little offputting and really made me wish they would have just went that extra mile for attention to details. All in all, I'd pick it up, especally if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,237630,30303350,Posted: 3 March,all,MrPuzzlez,"It's decently made, but the thing that gets annoying are repeating enemies.  I didn't know I was playing Ninja Gaiden for NES!  Plus, when you die in the middle of a fight or an enemy is still moving, when you start your next life, YOU GET HIT BY IT!  SERIOUSLY?!!  C'mon, WayForward!  You're better than this!!"
,Not Recommended,237630,8182221,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kittybone ♡,"This game is painful. As someone with fond memories of the original product from my childhood, all I can say of this newer experience is that the developers did too good a job copying the original game... right down to the mechanics from 1990.That just happens to be something you really, really should not do. Nobody wants to have games today like we used to in the 90's. There are no saves; The hit boxes are unforgiving as all hell; The game pulls super annyoing and unfair tricks on youall the god damn time.The only way you get through this game is by trying, and dying, a LOT. And starting from the very beginning, every single time. In a word, this game is hard. But it is not hard in the good challenging sense. It is hard in the frustratingly unfair, hair-pulling, rage-inducing sense.Also annoying: Too plentiful and slow-paced cutscenes that you have to rewatch every single time, although you can also skip them every single time.That said, it is beautiful to watch and listen to. But I know it's not something I'll be coming back to.WayForward focused on the wrong things to upgrade for 2013, and it's a shame."
76561197966301807,Recommended,237630,30402099,Posted: 8 March,all,WASH D.C. -EATING BRB,This game is ranked way too low (currently at 66).  I played the original and this one.  The game is great.  Kids that like platformers will like it (as well as all you 30 year olds!).
,Recommended,237630,10470023,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Mistral Niblick,"A great remake of a classic game.  The updated visuals and the top notch voice acting bring this game up to date.  However the game does fall flat in a few areas (level design being the biggest one).  While the devs did an original level, I wish they would've added more original content and updated the level design.  The unlockables are quite nice and I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a good platformer, especially if you loved the cartoon back in the day.  Would recommend buying at full price but waiting for a sale isn't a bad idea either.  8/10 overall."
,Recommended,237630,10586721,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Heef,"Easily one of 2013's biggest shocks; DTR delivers difficulty and charm that the NES original only ever dreamt of giving players.  Even if pogo-jumping through a retro platformer isn't your bag, there's no denying that this is a brilliant-looking, fluid game which benefits from a remastered soundtrack and the full cast of the original DuckTales cartoon providing voice work.  Repetitive gameplay and difficulty curve let the package down a bit, but there's no denying it's fun for a decent whack of time."
,Recommended,237630,10571986,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zno0py,Great remake. Brings back lots of good memories!
,Recommended,237630,10768665,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jcomer87,childhood nostalgia never looked or sounded so good. controls well with a controler
,Recommended,237630,10631175,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wysiwyg,Saw this was a Flash sale today for the Summer Sale and if you hadn't bought it already you definitely should. I paid full price and don't regret it as it is a great recreation of one of the best NES games of all time. Even some of the annoying aspects of the 'pogo bounce' are faithfully recreated. The music of course is intact (Moon theme anyone?) and the challenge is can be just as 'Nintendo Hard' as it used to be.
,Recommended,237630,10631806,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,snowflake,Blast from the past! Awesome
,Recommended,237630,10632734,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MationMac,"I really enjoy how simple it is to play. The soundtrack is awesome and it looks good. A good game if you want a classic 2D sidescroller, wether you didn't play the original or are experienced."
,Recommended,237630,10633041,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,iScout the Space Hamster,I love it.
76561197996382478,Recommended,237630,10634447,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Angry Bears,Ducktales! Woo-ooh!
,Recommended,237630,10635386,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,f(x)=,"From NES to 2014, I can not recommend this game enough. Fans of the original will not find much to complain about so soak in that sweet Nostalgia ..."
,Recommended,237630,10636108,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cielo,"Hardcore nostalgia for this game. I had the NES version growing up. While nostalgia's great, there's a little to be said for the control handling in this PC adaptation.It loses some context sensitivity in Scrooge's office if you change the attack button to something besides the default; it will still say A on the floor spots, but you have to press your attack button (in my case, B) to first engage the art room, money bin, or supercomputer. Once you're past that initial part, the controls are normal again. A minor detail, but if you're going to ""remaster"" a game you'd better include the control and graphic adaptation not just the art, ya know?The reaction time on button pressing seems sluggish too. I use this same wireless Xbox controller for all my games and it does just fine. I seem to remember playing A Boy And His Blob (another WayForward game) and having the same issue.Otherwise, this is a great game! Same memorable voice actors from the cartoon and lots of good, solid game play."
76561198141190078,Recommended,237630,10637604,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zylo1111,"Brings back fopnd momories of my childhood... remember this on the Gameboy.Either I'm not as good as I used to be or it's gotten harder... I suggest you use a controller while playing, the keyboard makes it tough.Great music, the voice acting is on par with the show and it's a lot of fun to play."
76561198049122553,Recommended,237630,10640404,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,max_fisher,"Did you play Duck Tales for the original Nintendo?  Are you worried this game won't be in keeping with the original?  Don't be.  The music and graphics are remastered, and some small levels - as well as extensive cut scenes - have been added, but the core levels are still the same.  The new versions of the music are great, and have added a depth and complexity to the tunes, while still leaving you singing along like a kid again."
,Not Recommended,237630,10641486,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fuzzy-logic,Best part of this game is the menu.
76561198029137121,Recommended,237630,10642359,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Edwin Boyd,"Fun, much harder than I expected (or perhaps my reflexes aren't what they used to be). One sour note is that the game does not detect gamepads which use DirectInput (so really any non microsoft) which is a pain."
76561198035341730,Recommended,237630,10643697,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,professor_bronze,"Nostalgia overload, in a good way."
,Recommended,237630,10630456,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,8bitgamer,Entertaining platform game.
,Recommended,237630,10774414,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[BNWG] Derpy Niels,"it's fun, it's easy, it's nostalgic... what is there not to love?"
76561198141526903,Recommended,237630,10777957,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MissyMack,I loved playing this game as a kid!!
,Recommended,237630,10778597,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Galactic Squid,"Great revamp. My kid loves this game so much that people probably think I'm spending half of my life on Duck Tales. Definitely worth the price, especially during the sale."
,Recommended,237630,10779021,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZoopBadoop,"I wanted a high-resolution remake of the original NES DuckTales, and that's exactly what I got! The remixed music is extremely well done, and the gameplay is as fun as it was 25 years ago. Definitely recommended for fans of the show, and of the original game!"
76561198071807853,Recommended,237630,10700094,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MatsBG,"A nice platformer originally for the NES. For someone that never owned a NES, this game does not play on my nostalgic senses, but despite my unfamiliarity with the game, it is quite enjoyable. The game is though, but not because of unfair gameplay og jagged controls. One flaw however is the lack of graphics option. I played this on a rather low-end (in terms of gaming) PC and both lag and random crashes were present, souring my experiencing with the game. But if there is one highlight with this game, then it's the music. The songs will be stuck in your head for a fair share of time, and I urge you to atleast look them up."
,Recommended,237630,10701916,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alas,"Its been about 20 years since I last played the original Ducktales. It was one of my favourite NES games. This remake does it justice. So to keep it short. If you like old platformers, as tough and frustrating as they could be, then this game is for you. If you like the Ducktales universe and Scrooge in general, then this game is for you. If not, well give it a shot anyway. :)"
76561198013570799,Recommended,237630,10702871,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NäkliS,"Awesome remake of the NES classic. Great controls, good gameplay and awesome dialogue. If you liked the original or like the Ducktales series in general, I highly suggest picking up this also. 5/5 you won't regret it."
76561198025615808,Recommended,237630,10541330,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,double-b,"I love the original Ducktales game on NES. And this remake is a perfect reimagineing. The new art fits the show and does not hinder the gameplay. It also runs on very weak machines (with some flickering), so even for casuals or parents with kids, it's highly recommended."
76561198127150286,Recommended,237630,10411229,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,timetraveler5,"This game is pure gold. Tight level design, awesome music, great bosses, and enough fun to make you wwant to keep playing. Does it live up to the original? Probably. Either way Wayforward knew what they were doing with this gem. 10/10"
76561198035995399,Recommended,237630,8616045,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MattExMachina,"Did you like the original NES DuckTales video game? Did you like the DuckTales TV show? If yes, then this game will not dissapoint. In addition to staying true to the original game, they were able to get all of the voice cast to come in and do all new dialogue for this game. Even Alan Young! The 93 year old voice actor came out of retirement for this project! If you were ever a fan of DuckTales, you owe it to yourself and Alan to play this game."
,Recommended,237630,879709,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Queef Ledger,I'm going to stroke it. YOUR ARMS ARE BROKEN.
76561197980411330,Recommended,237630,10387715,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,AppleDoge,"probably one of the most enjoyable reboots ever made, so enjoyable that i went above and beyond to beat this on the hardest mode.10/10 would taco nazi again."
76561197972634220,Recommended,237630,10553991,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Desdomen,"A strong piece of nostalgia. The classic themesong is catchy and will stay with you for days on end.The gameplay itself basic. A simple platformer from the NES days with a modern touch. Visuals are bright and crisp. The audio is as impressive this time around as it was way back when.The game is a little short and seems to focus it's replayability around grinding gold to unlock unneeded collectibles such as artwork and soundbytes. While this is saddening, there is only so much one can do with a remake.Overall, an excellent game that I would recommend for anyone who wants a simple platformer or wants to be brought back to their childhood."
,Recommended,237630,10555699,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ig,!_!
76561198039977888,Recommended,237630,4625345,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,morneau21,"Duck Tales: Remastered est selon moi un bon jeux . Capcom a bien fait de revenir au source . Pour ceux qui se demande si la difficulté du jeux est battable et bien je n'ai qu'une chose à dire quand vous êtes rendu à extrême , c'est extrêmement dure, mais sa en vaut la peine !"
,Recommended,237630,10739588,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KieranTC,"Life is like a hurricane, here in......DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes.......it's a, duck blurMight solve a mysteryOr rewrite historyDUCKTALES"
,Recommended,237630,10740542,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Toast Genie,"Wayforward, One of the best video game developers in the market, has done it again.This game is hands down, amazing. I'll spare you the details but this game is just filled with...everything around every corner!Not only does the game have a strong and beautiful atmosphere between the visuals and the incredible soundtrack to match, it also has a story! A dang. good. story! The story felt like I was experienceing the show beyond the show! The story never ended!What I think was smart about this game is that they didn't name ""Ducktales DX"" or ""Ducktales Remake"". This is a remastered version! It is NOT a remake of the old game and it doesn't try to be! It's a completely unique and new experience! You may see some locations or hear some music you remeber from the old days but the game isn't ALL that! The game brings so much exclusive and new content that you actually want! And it's not thrown in your face either! You can choose to do whatever you want! You can take it slow and explore everything and try to get the most loot or you can just speed through the game! Sure you rewards and such will vary but you WANT to get the best rewards!This game isn't some crappy second-rate Disney game that feautres IP's performing tasks any else could. NO. This is a new adventure and story based around the characters! You don't play it for the IP, you play it for the game! But I must say, the best part about all of this is that it is a completley new game...a...revision into the modern world so that leaves the possibility of potential sequels! (Which I hope happens!)You guys NAILED it!!! Way-2-Go Wayforward!"
76561198029759117,Recommended,237630,10754655,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MeatWeed,"This game is hard, its great its like being back on old nes gamesNot like newer games where there is hints an help around every corner"
,Recommended,237630,3837248,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,ZA WARUDO,"Wayforwad did their homework with this one. It's just as fun as you played it years ago. This time it's more colorful, upbeat, and and still retains charm"
,Recommended,237630,10563662,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FlusteredFox,cool
,Recommended,237630,10566212,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wearestarrdust,"Duck Tails WOO-OOThe trailer for this game alone just makes me happy. The game is also pretty good. Arcade-style fun, only con I've found so far is that even when playing on PC it gives you x-box controls at times."
,Recommended,237630,10704833,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zjplayer,"Remember Duck Tales for the NES? Well this is that. But with improved graphics and sounds.The graphics are great, btw. And the music .. Well let's just say I heard a bit of *wub*wub* in the Transylvania BGM. That was pretty cool.Felt great to play and remember the fun I had in my youth with the original DuckTales."
,Recommended,237630,10715463,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HalfDeadLegend,"What a fun game, right!?"
,Not Recommended,237630,10706065,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Modish,"Ok, first. This game could have been great, but it have its flaws that makes me not want to play it.1: Gamepad controlls do not work even that this game have been out for a while now (i'm using a Logitech controller that works fine in other games (RogueLegacy for example)).2: Tons of cutsceens that irritates the gameplay since you tend to die alot (they are skippable, but even if you skip one, another might follow directly after).3: Difficoulty.Pros:1: Retro feel, brings back memories.2: Music.3: Difficoulty.To summ this up, this could have been so much more... Might be worth buying if you have another controller (Xbox might work) but wait untill it's on sale."
76561198039733394,Recommended,237630,10761490,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bevern,Party game for party people!
,Recommended,237630,10762456,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ilia731,"I love this game. DuckTales was one of the first titles I owned for the NES, and the remastered version is just as fun as the original. Updated graphics and expanded levels make the game feel new. Controller support is giant plus."
76561198027291010,Recommended,237630,10765565,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thraxmo,"Love this game, just need a little tighter control."
76561198013837378,Recommended,237630,10765630,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,thief-of-time,Tons of fun and brings you back to your childhood.. def worth a try
,Recommended,237630,11206052,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Flash // Ivellios,"Nice remaster of the game. Although it is a bit borring, since all the levels are similar. You need to play a lot to unlock everything. Good for a short play with a friends in a spare time. Graphics and music are nice. But there are some controll problems - sometimes the characters stuck or the keys are blocked."
,Recommended,237630,11192496,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,rocksstar,"Simple with amusing parts.  Really short.  Probably 6/10.  I found it worth my time, but I really liked Ducktales as a kid."
,Recommended,237630,10955490,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,09 F9 11 02,"A classic, remade.Graphics - about what you'd expect for a remake of a 2D Disney game. I'd have liked an 8-bit mode, but what're ya gonna do.Music - I dare someone to listen to the Moon theme and tell me it isn't gold. Both the original 8-bit theme and a modern remix of the tracks are in the game and you can choose between them at the menu - no DLC required.Gameplay - Standard platformer meets pogo stick - bounce around on guys like it's 1989. Cutscenes are skippable and you can turn them off via a menu option but it doesn't stick.Difficulty - Youse guys are pansies. There's an easy mode for you if you don't want to be penalized for jumping down a pit like a buffoon. If you're just clearing out your backlog then go ahead. But if you want to actually get better at platforming play on Hard or Extreme. They're frustrating but it actually feels rewarding to beat a level as opposed to a pointless waste of time."
76561197986279830,Recommended,237630,10955884,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TehShellstation,Great game! solid voices and looks amazing. only realy con is there is no in game volume control >_<
76561198025611182,Recommended,237630,10955963,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,greatbigman,"Fantastic remastering of an old classic.  The money bin was a great idea, though it would have been nice to have some special moves in there.  The soundtrack is a great rehash of the original game --- and the original songs are unlockable.  The music played in the end sequence was phenomenal.  Definitely grab this gem, especially if it's on sale!"
76561198046024811,Not Recommended,237630,10958376,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jsugomi,"The original was great, this one takes all the joy out of it. Every two minutes ( or less, literally sometimes just tens of seconds) your stopped so you have to listen to unskippable dilaogue, with no value (I.e. what each coin thats only used in a coin puzzle signifies, complete with then 30 seconds more, useless, dialogue with launchpad, repeat x8. Literally.) Screw up and die, and need to repeat the level, welp, now you got to listen to it al over again. Want to replay the game... same.Ontop of it the gameplays speeds been dialed back. Characters just seem to float forever.Buy shovel knight if you want some pogo action. I know you got the original voice actors, doesn't mean we need to listen to them over and over again in slow-mo. If your still unsure, watch TotalBiscuits review (with gameplay footage.) He was spot on."
,Recommended,237630,10959558,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RazielMx,"Great game! The only thing I can complain of is that there are too many cinematics. However, it is a hard and fun game."
,Recommended,237630,10986863,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LegitGamer255,Amazing game that brings ducktales back from the grave and back on the screen remastered in 1080p!
,Not Recommended,237630,10987836,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Veryunclever,"I appreciate that someone cared enough about Ducktales to attempt to remake it.  It was one of my favorite games as a child, and in fact I still own and cherish an NES copy.  However, this version just can't seem to get out of its own way.  The dialog is intrusive and interrupts the constant action that was present in the first game.  Games like this just don't need a deep narrative.  While I appreciate the effort in bringing in the voice actors from the TV show to do the script, it ends up wasted at best and downright annoying at worst.I played for about 45 minutes and just couldn't continue.  Seemed as if there was a cutscene every  minute or so.  Skippable by pausing and pressing a button, but I just couldn't look past it.  If anything it just made me long for (and pull out) the NES version."
,Recommended,237630,10956027,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CharlieLima79,"Maybe it's the nostalgia goggles that I was wearing, but 'DuckTales' was as fun and whimsical as I remembered it to be when it first came out on the NES. 'DuckTales: Remastered', with its colourful palette, is a fine example of as long as the basic game mechanics are done right, some games never go out of style. The PC game controls were slightly sticky when played on the keyboard, and it only became an issue in the last level, which was unforgiving and gave you practically no room for error."
,Recommended,237630,11023660,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"I beat the game, but didn't get all the achievements.This game is quite easy to play and really resembles the NES classic from years ago. That said, it also has harder modes for people who like challenges.The game is very well animated, with gorgeous visuals, and all the dialog is dubbed in english. I'm not american but I presume the voices are pretty accurate with the cartoon, since they resemble quite a lot the voices of the version I've watched here where I live. Lots of the characters make an appearance, so it's pretty nostalgic for people who watched the cartoon.It's not a very long game and doesn't require much skill to play. I presume everybody could enjoy this one."
,Recommended,237630,11084228,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,polsky,"Has (some of) the charm of the original. A bit too ""I'm-gonna-hold-your-hand-all-the-way-through-these-one-way-linear-levels"". Modern games, right ..."
,Recommended,237630,8500270,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,amileeee,Pretty much the best game in the world.
,Recommended,237630,8585919,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MedaForce,"An excellent update to a classic, I wish more companies would take their remakes to this level.Not only did they updated the graphics to give it the same look and feel as the original cartoon they also added new content (e.g. cut scene and voiceovers) that helps make the game feel a bit more like you are playing an adventure taken right out of the old DuckTales series.My only issue with the game falls on the voice acting, while I do give WayForward ‘MAJOR’ props for getting the original cast back, I feel like some of them were not able to bring the same amount of energy as they had in the show into the game, I don’t blame them for not trying and giving it their all it just that time was not on their side.None the less this game is a must own for anyone who grew up with the Game or/and the TV series.Let’s hope this isn’t the last adventure WayForward decides to remake, we still have DuckTales 2 and DarkWing Duck that could use a new coat of paint."
76561197998813335,Recommended,237630,8586436,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ImpactHound,"A really good remake of the original NES game, with a ton of extra spoken dialogue(which is skippable when you're sick of it) which sounds identical to the original voice actors. To me it felt like the jumping controls were nicer with more control with an all new game engine, so it felt easier than the original. Tons of fan service and a great product with an eye for detail."
76561198045385099,Recommended,237630,8586460,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bobby Browns Fist,"If you ever played this game growing up on the NES then you will absolutely love this game.  Ignore all the ""pro"" reviewers and critics out there, this is the game the way you remember it, just with updated graphics and a checkpoint system to make it more accessible to the general public.  But make no mistake, you can ramp up the difficulty to make it as brutal as you want it to be.  The nostalgia you will get from listening to the original soundtrack again, fighting the same enemies from 20 years ago and diving into a pool full of gold anytime you want you will find yourself with a smile on your face every 5 minutes or so.  Especially now that it is on sale, I just bought it and beat it today and must say I do not regret this purchase one bit.  If you played this game or like old school retro NES syle platformers do yourself a favor and pick up this gem."
,Recommended,237630,8586595,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,........,Why re-start again when I die in the last mission :(
,Recommended,237630,8587493,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Riot,"Totally worth the sale price. Argurments could be made for the 15 dollar price tag. If you are looking for a fun way to spend a couple hours, get this."
,Recommended,237630,751642,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Xiavus,"Alright for those who grew up with this game for the Gameboy and NES. I have just two words to say.Buy it!!!It's worth every coin.The game is just like the old one, but in a entire new design. It's still simple as the NES and Gameboy version and still challenging at the same time.The game has now it's own story. Hell Scrooge, Launchpad and the rest have their own text and hell they even have the voices of the cartoon serie. Just epic.Music is top notch. Hell it's epic, and it's perfectly remastered into this modern digital age, but still keeping it's own classic design that it had in the old games.Grafix. Don't think I need to explain that it looks simply good? Like your watching the cartoon serie, it's good, not perfect but simply good on the eye.Gameplay. Okay. This is getting use to it. I recommend the Xbox controller. It's way more simple to get use to than let's say a keyboard, but this is entirly up to you. It's a personal reference how you like to play this game. Personally. The game is best played with a controller.All in all. You want some nostalgic with this game? Buy it.The game takes about 4 to 5 hours to finish ( If played normal and not rush the game )But on the upside you can replay it if you want to collect money to buy all the unlocks it has to offer.All in all a good game and good remastered."
76561198000767443,Recommended,237630,8590980,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[Mr_Hands],lol this game rips 10/10 would bang repeatedly
,Recommended,237630,8592920,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mechanical Bunny,I remember owning this for the NES. Later running the ROM on a NES Emu. I have to say this game is very very awesome. They did an awesome job capturing the heart of the game. Being on sale for 6$ (1/6/2014) is worth it. Even if it wasnt on sale. Still worth every Dollar. Must have for anyone Young or Old.
,Recommended,237630,8631557,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ｔｏ ｇｏ ｔｏ ｂｅｄ,"If you don't buy this game, you're dead to me."
76561198079907802,Recommended,237630,8649719,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ravenking,"Never had the original but it's still an awesome nostalgia trip back to that age of gaming. And hard. Really damn hard. Proper Nintendo deaths, start back from the beginning. A really good game and a really good challenge."
76561198044079257,Recommended,237630,5000730,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,JONTHEHERO,it has ducks in space
76561198047288483,Recommended,237630,8626732,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Valiant,"Probably one of the best games I've bought in steam in a long long time, not only was it able to make such an amazing game fun all over again, but it made it feel brand new, without forgetting its roots and the people it made smile, while at the same time, containing a perfect level of diffuculty and fun with every adventure."
76561198041578884,Recommended,237630,8628731,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Puff the Magic Adder,"Not only does Ducktales: Remastered offer a brand new take on the classic NES game, it's filled with more challenge, more level design, and much more surprises and fun. Even if you haven't played the original, this is the definitive way to play it."
,Recommended,237630,8628899,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,athene cunicularia,if you have nostalgia problems you will have an okay time with this game where you are a man duck bouncing on a cane in a top-hat
,Recommended,237630,8629639,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,kira v,"Had a decent amount of aeroplanes, but almost no lasers or racecars. 4 billion/5 billion dollars.Woo hoo."
,Recommended,237630,8602467,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Crayphish,Cool platforming and cool spritesSkip the cutscenes though; well I'm not really into telling people what to do but godDAMN the cutscenes are SLOW and BORING
,Recommended,237630,8442699,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Kurgan,Man this brings back memories from late 80s nintendo. Great remake!! Fun game in 89 and fun game in 2013!!
,Recommended,237630,8444746,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,K.spaz,"A fun, throwback game, that comes a little too early for the 25th anniversary, but I'll allow it.The only bad thing I have to say about this game is I need the option to turn off cinematics after I've played the level. Just because I keep dying on the last stage doesn't mean I want to re-watch the cinematics and I shouldn't have to select ""Skip cinematics"" 7 times to get to the part of the stage I'm having trouble with.On a side note even if you were awesome at the original, you may not want to play on hard your first time through.Don't know if I'd pay full price for this game. On one (nearly complete) run through on hard I've unlocked almost everything and will probably only need to play on expert and then mop up a few achievements to 100% the game."
,Recommended,237630,8445077,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DuckWingR [UK],I AM SCROOGE MCDUCK. BUY THIS GAME.
76561197994599665,Recommended,237630,11132491,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ENVYSUDO,needs sound options! other than that its a great game
76561198030859867,Recommended,237630,10851850,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ater,"If you liked the original NES game you will get some nice nostalgia out of this one. It stays true to the original while hotting up the graphics and adds a few extra levels. Only bad thing is the way you cancel cinematics. The cinematics are ok the first time you play through the game, but this is a game that you most likely will play again and again, doing the different difficulty levels, the achievements, farming gold to buy all the items in the gallery and so on. And when running through a level the fifth time you probably will want to skip them.Instead of beaning able to instant cancel them with a single button click or even have the possibility with an option to skip all cinematics you manually have to bring up the menu and choose to the “cancel cinematic” alternative every time a cinematic pops up."
,Recommended,237630,10853550,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Remo,"One of the most inspiring and excellent remakes out there to date. Everything is perfect, from the original cartoon cast to the remixed soundtracks right down to the hand drawn animation. Every person who wants that perfect amount of nostalgia of thier childhood and a solid platformer should own this game. With all in mind, DuckTales: Remastered get a 10/10."
,Recommended,237630,10896545,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,silasisland,"This was a huge dose of nostalgia, loved getting to play through this and loved the remastered music."
76561198118693498,Recommended,237630,10898152,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gianos,Easy Game in general. So many nostalgic feelings for me while i was playing. Pleasant Game. Thumbs up !!!
76561197996416858,Recommended,237630,10885253,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,81ols,"Great game! This brings back memories of playing NES, but now with the renewed look of clarified resolution. Bought during Summer Sale, and well worth the $5.  Now they need to make Rescue Rangers!!"
,Recommended,237630,10887710,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,zuleamen,"This is a really good game! For us older players it brings back fond memories of days of yonder, in a fresh new light with new content without compromising what we loved about this wonderful blast from the past."
76561198007858484,Recommended,237630,10887720,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,toolguy1420,The nostalgia is leaking from all orfices.
,Recommended,237630,10904132,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Re1gn,Hit me right in the nostalgias.
,Recommended,237630,10918951,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FosterGloster,There are ducks in Frozen so that makes this game good
,Recommended,237630,10911980,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dakazo,"You can actually dive into the money bin and swim around in it, as many times as you like. It's funny too"
76561198032874310,Recommended,237630,7375711,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,krotnebug,игра детства
,Recommended,237630,10915972,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ghostlight,"As someone who grew up with DuckTales and played the original NES game when it was released, this was a fun blast from the past. It retains a great deal of the nostalgia of the original, while adding an updated look without going overboard. The music is lovingly redone from its 8-bit origins, and the gameplay feels much like it did on the NES (with the exception that the controller is larger, but that's only because I played with an XBox controller). The addition of the voice cast from the cartoon, makes for a nice touch too, as it was nice to hear them again. Made me pull out my DVD collection to watch the series again, and it the process, introduce my 2 year old daughter to the cartoon (which she now asks for all the time).I know many had issue with the amount of cut scenes added, but I didn't find it too bad. After your first play through, simply turn off cutscenes through the options and you're good. It did find the game easier than I did the original, but I don't know if that was me remembering the NES original being harder from the mindset of my younger, early gamer years or that I've just grown better at gaming.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone; fan of the original cartoon or not. It's a nice bit of nostalgia for those who are and a fun, classic-styled side-scroller for all."
,Recommended,237630,2513530,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,DIm0N-Enf0rceR-,Nice remake of great NES game!
,Recommended,237630,8248333,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Macro,"Here's my review of Duck Tales Remastered:PROS:-Fun and well controlled gameplay.-Controlls well with both gamepad and keyboard & mouse.-Maps/levels are greatly designed and just like the original as far as I've seen.-Feels a lot like the TV show.-The game is challenging, giving you a feeling of accomplishment when you finish a level.CONS:-The cutscenes can sometimes feel like they're interrupting gameplay.-Sometimes can be frustratingly difficult.-I've experienced some graphical glitches like sprites disappearing and reappearing (flashing back and forth)SUMMARY:Some people say that this game is inferior to the original on the NES and only worth it for fans of the original, I dissagree. This game is just like the original with added story as far as I've seen. I hadn't seen the show and never heard of the original until this one, and I still love playing this, so I'd say it's worth it."
,Recommended,237630,11324846,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DancefloorDale,"I've never played the original Ducktales, so I don't know how this version would compair to the previous one. This game has it's issues: way too many cutscenes during gameplay, clunky controls, and large hit-boxes. However, these problems don't break gameplay. Besides being a great 2.5D adventure game, it's a great trip down memory lane. I grew up watching Ducktales, and I loved encountering some of the characters that I had long forgotten about, like Bubba Duck. When I finished the game, I felt sad; not that the game ended, but by the realization of just how important good family programing is. Not many games has a dude traveling the world collecting millions of dollars worth of treasure, only to give it all up for the saftey of his nephews."
,Recommended,237630,11274903,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,N-Dimensional Hyperkitten,"I must say I had a great deal of fun playing this game.  It may seem like a simple platformer, but for someone who's very rusty in the genre it proved to be a decent challenge getting the hang of some of the levels and boss fights.  The game is a little short but there are some incentives for replays.   I found myself chuckling at quite a few of the lines, as well."
,Recommended,237630,11285299,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,King,"I've spend countless hours on the NES in my childhood.This remake sparks every bit of the frustration, determination and fun I could recall from my experience with the original game.The new remastered version truly lives up to the original."
,Recommended,237630,11305923,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,fsLeg,"This is a very nice remaster. Too bad it's made from the first game, I really enjoyed the second one, but I liked it nontheless. Some good old-school action, pretty challenging at times. And thank gods it's not in 3D! Although I think dialogs are somewhat intrusive to gameplay, but they definitely added to the story and fun.If you played the original game(s) on NES, buy this without thinking! If you didn't but a fan of old-school games, you should still get it."
76561198040574909,Recommended,237630,11339162,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Helix,Great game for a bit of down time! Really brings back some of that old school platformer Nostalgia!
76561198001462923,Recommended,237630,8701740,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tenga,"I had the original growning up.I just started playing, but the nostalgia from playing this is increadible."
,Recommended,237630,8430104,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198038931078,Recommended,237630,8471268,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Twotonic Knight,Omg nostalgia'd hard. I had this on the NES way back when xD
,Recommended,237630,8472113,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Calzone,"The controls are really solid, the music is fantastic, the artwork in the game is stunning, and the dialogue is both well-acted and can be pretty charming. You'll be very familiar with the button combo for skipping cutscenes on subsequent playthroughs, though. Still, I recommend it."
,Recommended,237630,8473420,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Dread Pyro Roberts,"Very true to the spirit of the original 8-bit classic. The play control is fantastic, especially if you have a controller. It'd be completely awesome if it didn't INTERRUPT THE GAMEPLAY EVERY TWO MINUTES TO TELL STUPID JOKES."
76561198065644695,Recommended,237630,8447116,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Balog,"I played this game in my youth, the remake is amazingly done.  It makes me long for a remaster of Megaman 2 that is up to this level of redone graphics and smooth interface.  If you're nostalgic for old NES titles and/or enjoyed Ducktales, I suggest you get it.  It's not terribly long, but it was designed by Capcom and deserves to carry that."
,Recommended,237630,8445773,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rob,"This game bleeds nostalgia, if you loved the orginal like I did then you need to own this game!"
,Recommended,237630,8446151,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Spacks,"I logged something in the neighborhood of 100 hours on this game when I was about 4 or 5. After hearing about the Remastered version I excitedly waited for the release.Having recently acquired the game, I can say that this is a perfect remake of the game. It updates the visuals in a great way while retaining the character of the game itself. This was truly from a golden era in Capcom's history.The addition of varied difficulties is of immense value, I can now play this game with the other children in my family and they have the chance to actually beat a level that I never did (did I mention that 100 hours I spent playing was always without finishing a level?).I'm so happy to have this game in my Steam library, and I think if you were a fan of the NES version you would be too."
,Recommended,237630,5055957,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,malcrash01,"ducktales: remastered is a love letter for fans of the show(it has the original voice cast from the show in the game) and the reimagining of the game.the game is solid to play but despite the kidish looks,its a hard game(no continues or checkpoints)but the music and hand-drawn animation and pure fun in this game make those flaws go to the side.newbies will go though a lil romp(and complain about no continues or checkpoints),but for people that visited duckberg in there childhood(like meh) will really go though a fantastic game.seal of approval for scrooge and the crew.so good being a capcom and disney fan(NOW WE NEED DARKWING DUCK)."
,Recommended,237630,8663149,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mugman,scrooge mcduck returns again as a brand new duck. it's ducking great 10/10 would make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ puns again
,Recommended,237630,8538618,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,xTerminatus,"Great game, just like the original!"
,Recommended,237630,7632946,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,JWes83,"For all those who grew up on the Capcom classic for the NES, Remastered is a nostalgic trip down memory lane."
,Recommended,237630,8574464,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bureaucrat Grade 36,"Pretty neat remastering of the original game.  The voice acting is a nice touch.  It's been too many years since I played the original, but I don't recall the game being as easy as it was.  But it's a bunch of fun.  I recommend it."
76561198044978830,Recommended,237630,8679166,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Blazedallup,Classic!
,Recommended,237630,8852189,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,gr8temptazn,"Great fun, I feel like I regained my childhood"
,Recommended,237630,6818826,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,LegendRS,So many childhood memories and another epic birthday present on day release haha! ;) I recommend this brilliant game!
76561197975683740,Recommended,237630,8867901,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jason1982,This game was awesome! Fun for the whole family!  Nostalgia for the adults and the art was perfect!
,Recommended,237630,8896382,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,muster128,"A very fun game, albeit a bit short.BUT THE SOUNDTRACK IS THE MOST AMAZING THING YOU WILL EVER EXPERIENCE.GO LISTEN TO IT NOW."
76561198118668397,Recommended,237630,8868852,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,fullmoon,"I Know this is A Children game, However me and my Husband both really enjoyed the game. If you play on easy you have unlimted lifes, if you play normal you get 3 lifes. There for if you use all your lifes, you will have to start again. If your playing this game with children i recommend, that you play on easy. It will get harder and your have more lifes :) Its a fun game I personally give it 10/10"
,Recommended,237630,9119713,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,???,"A homage to the people who remember the original, or the series - to many people, just the moon theme alone brings up memories. I don't mind paying $14.99 for a game that would have never hit the market unless someone was willing to develop it without visions of making insane profit.I can't argue that the game is ""short"", for it's price, but I don't view how I spent my money as a corporate investment, I had far - far more fun completing this than I had with any other game in a long, long time.As for the price, this game's concept isn't about ""completion"", it's a 2d sidescroller, and one that's meant to be replayed, I played it on every single difficulty, completing everything, as it's meant to be played - that's why it has leaderboards, that's why there's 4 difficulties, they could have easily made 5 more levels, but it would make no sense. The game was a homage to simpler times, a nostalgic reminder that despite country of residence, we share common childhood memories.To make a conclusary remark, if you don't have a sentimental value in playing this game, just don't - and I don't mean that in a rude way, but the game simply isn't meant for you, it's meant for those who hold a sentimental value in seeing a bit of their childhood remade. The music is great, and the gameplay owes a lot to it.Overall I enjoyed the game, a lot. And that's all there is to say. I got far more than I paid for, in terms of nostalgia."
76561198085687450,Recommended,237630,8962732,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,jsmohrfeld,"LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! I loved this game on the NES and I love the sequel they made as well.  So glad that they adjusted the pogo jump to allow you to hold it unlike in the original NES version, this was fixed in the sequel released on the NES as well though.  Would definitely recommend this game and will enjoy many more hours of replaying this game!"
76561198032401973,Recommended,237630,8947944,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Violinemia,"This game is a rollercoster of my childhood memory. As a kid, I grew up playing videogames a lot and Duck Tales is one of my favourite games. So I was really looking forward to the remake.The remake, however, does not live up to my expectation.Pros: Enhanced graphic and stuff to buy in game.Nostalgic memory. It is really nice to hear that catchy intro tune again!The non-linear stages from NES version is still good as in once was. You could choose whichever stage you like first.Cons. Quite buggy. I lost my safe THREE times. Not sure how could this happen so I decided to do a marathon to finish it on a single play.Scrooge is quite unresponsive to control sometimes. Especially the last boss battle where you would need precision.Conclusion. Buy it if you want a reminiscing moment. Don't buy it if you are new to this"
,Recommended,237630,6820146,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Uberjanky,"DUCKTALES WOO-OOO! If you want to rekindle your love for such a classic series or just play an awesome platformer,Ducktales is for you. VERDICT:9/10"
76561197992728166,Recommended,237630,8439443,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,katchu,"Nice game, takes player back in 8-bit Nintendo time! With HD graphics of course!"
,Recommended,237630,8838479,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Philbert,"If you like classic NES games, DuckTales, and/or a good challenge. This is the game for you.Good graphics, tight controls, etc.Just buy the damned thing already."
,Recommended,237630,8464994,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,luxurydab,really cool remake of old school 2d platformer!  I enjoyed very much while I was playing this game
,Recommended,237630,8468556,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BlueBlastoise,DuckTales: Remastered. For me this version of DuckTales was the first one I played. I thoroughly enjoy this game. The platforming aspects are great and the visuals are just excellent. The game just oozes charm. I myself couldnt remember a single word from the theme song but after loading up the game I found myself singing along. Overall a fun game and well worth the sale price.Fun and super charming. 7 out of 10.
76561197987388940,Recommended,237630,8528302,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Omraz,DuckTales! WOO-OOH!
76561197981884669,Recommended,237630,8530145,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Power,"All your fondest Ducktales memories gone HD!!!This game is everything it promises and more, It's the NES classic remade in every glorious detail into a artistic high definition masterpiece. I cant recommend this game enough to anyone who was a fan of the original, it's simply a must have for any child of the 80's and will keep you coming back for more simply for it's solid nostalgic style of game play, the gameplay just works and is simply fun and enjoyable and that's become far to much of a rarity these days. Now if we could only get capcom to remake mega man..."
,Recommended,237630,8543096,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,That Dragon,If you want a good platformer with some nostelgia of your childhood times then this game might be for you. I enjoyed it until my finger began to hurt from all the pogo jumping.
,Recommended,237630,8342023,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shadeaux,"This game is fun and nostalgic, but there is way too much dialogue and stoppage in action. Still, worth grabbing if you remember the game from your childhood."
,Recommended,237630,8343098,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Crox Rava,"Don't let the cutesy hand-drawn visuals fool you. This is an old-school, challenging platformer. The nostalgia is gravy."
76561198025389454,Recommended,237630,8349662,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Goombachi,"I think the hate for the cutscenes in this game is dramatically overstated.  At first, I thought re-watching cutscenes was a chore too...until I realized you can just skip them by pausing and clicking ""Skip cinematic,"" and after you beat the game you can play without them entirely.   The hate for this game's cutscenes grew so large that I almost didn't buy it, and thought they were completely unskippable until I figured out otherwise.  The game feels a lot more complete than it ever did on NES, and the voice acting and graphics are all really well done.  I did experience a bit of slowdown on the Amazon stage, but otherwise it ran perfectly and that's probably more due to my computer than any fault with the game.Highly recommended for those who have never played DuckTales on NES, and even for those that have, I'd say it's a great game worth your time."
,Recommended,237630,3087698,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Nill,"This game blows.  There is a cutscene every 4 seconds, sometimes 4 in a row.  Nothing like the original."
,Recommended,237630,8578155,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Thiefy,Great game. True to the original but enough improvements to call it a new game. A lot of fun!
76561197996112969,Recommended,237630,8581342,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,opusiv,Pure awesome.  We need more games like this now a days that are actually fun to play.
76561198068865628,Recommended,237630,8581472,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Zichz,AWSOME
,Recommended,237630,8582194,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ralph,"Lovely remake of a jump'n'run classic from the old days. Very nice graphics update and I liked the scottish accent of Scrooge in the audio very much. Finished the game in about 6 hours and I'm not a particulary good gamer, so I can say it is short, but this was the same for the original version.If you like to get some of the charm of 90s computer gaming (gameplay, sound, level-design, ...) but with better graphics, I can really recommend this one - ""Ducktales, Woo-Hoo"" :D"
,Recommended,237630,8582365,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Watching Shadow,Definitely captures the feeling and fun of the original NES DuckTales game.  Some rather interesting additions (seen in a LOT of screenshots) and love the Remastered music...especially the classic Moon stage.  Ducktales...whoohoo!
,Recommended,237630,8582476,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,KelticDave,This game is brutal at the end if you want old school this is it.
,Recommended,237630,8582824,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,piratekingdan,"Frustratingly difficult sometimes, but still so much fun. The satisfaction you get from clearing each stage is fantastic. My only gripe is that the cutscenes get to be a little annoying at points, but can be skipped."
,Recommended,237630,8582836,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sixshot,"Having never played the original on the NES, this is a first run of the game for me. I have heard people talk about this game as one of the all-time greatest.  And after running through the first few levels, I can see why it is.  True die-hard Duck Tales fans will tell you for sure if the gameplay is replicated in this game.  And as a player who has never played the original, getting used to the control and the feel of the game and its mechanic doesn't take long.  The characters also come alive with audio dialog that reminds me of the days I watched the Duck Tales TV series.  This game may, at first glance, be just a game for those who were old enough or were given that chance to play the original on the NES.  However, despite that, its simple gameplay mechanics and fun level designs are great for the new and young generations of gamers to experience.  Here's to hoping that other Capcom classics would get similar remake/remaster treatment that this game received."
76561198128014531,Recommended,237630,17468022,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,fastplant64,"Look, it isn't difficult. Just press that button up there that says buy this game. Boom, get ready to have your freaking mind explode. WOO-OOeleventeen out of ten-IGNorant approves."
76561197978651312,Not Recommended,237630,17647058,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,gwoodrob,"so difficult, def nostalgic. Unforgiving. Recommend for someone hardcore, otherwise newp"
,Recommended,237630,17619586,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Sjorspion,Great Remake of the already great classic title! (although much much easier :))
76561197987108432,Recommended,237630,12999979,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,swiss.,Awesome oldschool Feeling!
76561198147140160,Recommended,237630,16966583,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Player_1,"Good, but not as good at the original NES game or Game Boy port.Visually they have nice sprites going (though they can look kinda derpy sometimes), but the 3D background is a polygonal mess."
76561197998761199,Not Recommended,237630,16901266,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TheBigN,"I haven't written any reviews on steam before this.  I would like to recommend this game because it is mostly solid (7.5/10 territory), but the showstopping bug of freezing after the final boss is inexcusable.  As other's have mentioned, this game should be pulled from steam in its current state.  Apparently the only workaround is to skip the final cut scene, which is just silly.  And to add insult to injury the devs have no intention of further supporting this game."
76561198025224016,Recommended,237630,16874005,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Chionokun,Beautifully remastered version of the 8-bit classic. So awesome that they got most of the original voice cast from the cartoon. Absolutely love this game. <3
76561198105066832,Recommended,237630,13629608,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,kraang97,"Woo-Hoo!Having been a Disney fan for years, I was instantly attracted to this game when it was announced, as well as the fact I had started watching the Ducktales series. And now, having finally purchased the game, I'm so glad my expectations were met. Hearing the voice cast from the show is a real treat, as well as the catchy music. And the hand drawn sprites are marvelous. If fells like I'm watching a new episode of the show. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237630,6999944,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Those Duck Pajamas!,"Based on the classic NES game of the same name, Ducktales Remastered is a game for the whole family to play, especially those who played the NES version in the past."
76561198012221863,Recommended,237630,13616559,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sparkbomber,"DuckTales is one of the most iconic 8-bit games with massive replayability, fantastic music and a wild variety of levels to explore (with hidden areas and treasure). Anybody who's heard of the NES has heard of DuckTales (along with Mega Man and other classics) and to this day it is the best licensed Disney game ever made. Based on the animated series of the same name it wowed fans and gamers (and fans who were gamers) like few others had.But time moved on and in this new century younger gamers might not be willing to try the original since 8-bit is so old-fashioned, no? Wayforward Studios though (all fans of the original and the animated series) tried their hand at this remake you can obtain here on Steam. In a nutshell, it is perhaps *the* best remake of a game that I have ever played. Like with the original, the controls are tight, the music (though remixed) is still ear-candy and the new additions (levels, voice actors from the animated series, graphical updates etc.) blend incredibly well into the original game's feel.Sure, some small issues are there (the new final level is kind of a big leap in difficulty among other things),  but there is no possible way to deny that DuckTales Remastered is a fantastic addition to your games library. If you like Mega Man, Shovel Knight and other platforming titles with a bit more to offer than rinse & repeat then this the a game for you. If you grew up with DuckTales (re-runs across the world to this day) then you'll love it. With multiple unlockable objects, tracks and what not there's a good challenge in it as well.Enough of my yakking, get the game. If its on sale, buy another copy for a friend."
76561198063366325,Recommended,237630,13612140,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Maxels_LV,Epic good game ;) love it
,Recommended,237630,13585303,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,hazzaricks,"DuckTales: Remastered is a game I went into with no experience of the previous NES classic, I was aware of the original but aside from brief mentions to it in episodes of AVGN and other unorthodox gamers, I never got to appreciate the NES original. Therefore, my view on this game is entirely based on my experience with this version alone.'DT:R' is a very hard game to review in my opinion, as it certainly felt like a classic NES side-scroller with some strong gameplay, bosses and challenges very reminiscent of the NES days - however, I found the controls (for the Xbox controller at least), to be somewhat frustrating. The controls aren't particularly responsive and can lead to very unfair deaths and lost lives (an example being on thorny ground, when you pogo over it but accidentally slip up and lose a life, then cannot jump properly until you lose immunity, hence meaning you lose another life). It's moments like these which really ruined 'DT:R' for me personally.The cutscenes are quite a drag. Fans of the TV show may really enjoy them as I'm certain they are very true representations of the actual characters, however for me, the humour is for the most-part very cringey and I feel like the cutscenes really do interrupt the gameplay. This is a nitpick, but another thing which bothers me is the fact that the cutscenes 1. do not have a clear 'skip' button, you have to select 'start' then 'skip cinematic', 2. are strangely animated, despite looking great, the lack of mouth movement and over-usage of only a number of animations really bothered me as sometimes Scrooge would look grumpy for no apparent reason.The design for the levels really lets down the game in my opinion. The constantly respawning enemies and the ropes really bothered me whilst playing. The ropes are your means of climbing, however can sometimes be unresponsive and work very differently to ropes/vines in other games such as Rayman Advance. However, the levels do look great for the most part, even if the first level has some very repetitive backgrounds that you wish they could do more with. The characters look magnificent and all are immediately recognisable to their TV counterparts. Likewise, the design of the hub where you choose levels also works really well, with endearing cutscenes every single time that are enjoyable to watch, until you've had to watch hem more than once.'DT:R' is a challenge by no doubts, as were many games in the NES library. However, I found that the difficulty came from trying to handle the controls, rather than the actual challenges that were presented to me (aside from the ghosts that you cant kill, screw them). The bosses are challenging and will take you several attempts, however, once again I blame the number of attempts I took when killing the Amazon boss entirely on the odd controls.Overall, 'DuckTales: Remastered' is a game I would only recommend 100% if it is nostalgic for you. Whilst I would recommend 'DT:R' to anyone who enjoys side-scrollers and challenges, this game seems to cater more towards those who were either fans of the original NES game or the TV show itself. DuckTales: Remastered is by no means a bad game, but I don't know whether I would call it a good game either - enjoyable, yes, but the controls and level design let it down big time for me personally.Overall: 2/4"
76561198011375829,Recommended,237630,13864893,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Juscro,Epic remake of an epic game...LOVED IT....but that last level!!!!! IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!! XDHow about Tiny Toon Adventures next? :D
,Recommended,237630,13910108,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,surge7,"For all, who played NES version - highly recommended. But the game become slightly more chalenging. For younger folks - it is 2d classic arcade platformer. You like it. Maybe :)"
76561198021827061,Recommended,237630,13542207,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,"This game right here, this is a masterpiece reincarnated in beautiful HD. I am one of those guys who played Ducktales for the NES back in the day, at least as early as 2002,  When I first found it in my brothers box of old games and shizz. It was fun and all that, though I could never manage to beat any level.Then I heard that Capcpom was going to remake this game, I almost shát my pants because I wanted to play this game so bad because the cartridge was broken. Boo-hoo.The story is pretty straight-forward, Scrooge finds this map which shows locations of some treasures. At least you get a backstory to why Scrooge is travelling around the world, unlike the NES version.The gameplay is superb, you'd better play this game with a gamepad. You hold (X360 controller) X to use the cane as a pogo stick and just, yeah bounce, of course.The music is pretty good, when you boot up the game it starts with the NES version of the theme song then converts into a remade version, it's catchy as all hell.Then you have the music from the stages, the best one is the moon theme.The voice acting is also pretty good. Not much more to say there.The graphics is charming, it's cartoony, what did you expect from a Ducktales game?I enjoy this game extremely much, it's not too easy and can actually be rather hard at times, even for experienced platformers.10/10"
76561198049986288,Recommended,237630,14199202,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,seven43861,"Great Remastered Version, but without a standard option to adjust the sound and music volume makes me question the developer outright."
,Recommended,237630,14042812,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,IdahoJudd,"A classic I'd never played before, and it absolutely holds up today! Only the second game my 10 year-old son has ever beaten from start to finish. A gorgeous and great-playing remake!"
,Not Recommended,237630,14172843,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AttackOfTheThumbs,"As much as I enjoyed the original, I think I bought this for the wrong reasons. The nostalgia just wasn't enough. Sure I am a bit of addict, so I did the bad thing and wasted time on getting all the achievements, but the game itself has lost it's charm for me."
,Recommended,237630,14007127,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,P2Prophecy,Not pony tails or cotton tails.
76561197990627062,Recommended,237630,14021761,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kroppa,"awsome! , if u liked it to old 8-bit , is worth buying it now as well ;)"
76561198095681995,Recommended,237630,8456024,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Poisonfroaxx,"The game is really good remaster from the original. It will bring a lot of people, who new how it was to play these type of games back in the days, a lot of joy. The only point that maybe needs to be changed is a neasier way of skipping the cinematics. They stayed with the orignal concept and haven't created a totally different game.If you get further in the game you can even open extra's where you can see the change they made to the original game.Overall a lot of joy if you know the games we used to play!"
,Recommended,237630,10213722,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Murf-Dawg,"True to the original and a lot of fun, but expect to be punished.  This game is old-school-NES hard."
,Recommended,237630,10688753,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Elane»,DUCKTALES!WOO-HOO!
,Recommended,237630,10690052,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,amd133mhz,Buy It!10/10If you liked the NES version you are gonna LOVE THIS!Fantastic!
76561197976914670,Recommended,237630,10691530,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mr. Tibbs,"I was waiting for this game to go on sale for sometime now. Soo glad it did. I can't say i forgot how fun 2D side scrollers are ( I have an Arcade with nothing but side scrollers....LONG LIVE THE ARCADE ERA!! ), but this remix is really good. The Double Dragon HD remake sucked hardcore, but this one is perfect thus far. The voice acting, look and feel are all there from the cartoon, and that just takes this one over the top. Good times, well worth the play time."
,Recommended,237630,4243712,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Ferni1412 [Juvia is Life],"even if you haven't played the original this is a great game, with great soundtrack and with the voice actors i can't stop playing ... challenging myself to get to Hard mode... worth every penny"
,Recommended,237630,35357,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Gebus Khris,"For those old enough to remember this game and the TV show should definately buy it. Its old school Nintendo hard. A lot of the programming is still there (reappearing sprites when you go back to the area they were in), but with a new shine.Definately fun to play"
76561198068173577,Recommended,237630,6525960,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,=AJSA= megadrivesonic,A great blend of nostagia with the Wayforward touch. Everyone who loves disney and classic games will love this failthfuul remake and i hope to see wayforward continue putting the love in their future titles like they did with this game.
,Recommended,237630,3641330,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Chrismas95,"Ducktales Remastered is a remade version of the classic Ducktales video game from 1989. I didn't remember much of anything about the game or the show when playing, so anyone who's afraid that this game is purely nostalgia-driven can worry no longer. As for anyone who has played the original, I'm not sure how much stuff is new/old.Ducktales Remastered is a classic platformer where your main goals are to make it to the end of a stage as well as collect as much money that appears as you can (you use this to buy art and music). Your moveset consists of pogoing on your cane (which jumps higher, nulls ground hazards, and can be used to attack) and hitting things from the side with your cane. Despite these basic controls, the game does a good job to employ them in the levels.The game is fairly short, consisting of seven levels. But on my first time, the game took me several hours. The game as a whole looks beautiful. There are plenty of nooks and crannies to scramble around to collect gems, and I think the levels are well-designed overall. Each level even has different items in chests and the like depending of difficulty. The remastered music for each level is beautiful, but you can still listen to the original, 8-bit versions if you want.Throughout the entire game, there are a bunch of cutscenes. And while the animations are fairly limited in these, they compliment the original voice-actors' voices. It feels like you're playing through an interactive DuckTales episode with each new level you visit. They're definitely charming and I've caught myself rewatching a few in future playthroughs. If you DIDN'T want to watch them again, you can chose to have most of the cutscenes skipped in future playthroughs. Scrooge also says a few lines throughout the game that are also charming albeit a bit annoying after multiple times.As far as difficulty goes, the entire game seems balanced up until The End. You're given four difficulties: Easy, Medium, Hard and Extreme. Easy gives infinite lives and you take half-hearts in damage while the others have lives and you take full hearts of damage. Extreme has no saves throughout the entire game, so if you Game Over, you have to restart. I recommend starting on Hard if not Easy, since Medium was harder due to little/no life drops.Now we get to my one huge problem with the game. The game stays at a nice level of difficulty throughout most of the game (some levels have tough bits, some bosses can cause trouble, etc). However, there are two segments after the final boss that I spent nearly two hours on trying to beat alone. First, there's this really tight upwards chase scene where you're likely to screw up a lot. Every time you lose the race, you lose a life. THEN, there's a segment where you need to quickly climb up ropes to avoid rising lava. However, a lot of the rope grabs are nearly-pixel perfect, and one screw-up means fiery death. Every time you Game Over (with 3-4 lives each chance) from those two points, you need to do the whole last level and final boss AGAIN. And with how unfairly difficult they are, you'll be doing it a lot if you're not on Easy. I refuse to play Extreme for this reason alone! If you don't like the idea of Game Over-ing, I highly recommend Easy first (if you want all achievements, you need to play it anyways for those 2 health upgrades), then moving onto Hard when you're used to everything.Overall, DuckTales Remastered is a solid game that I would recommend at full price. As awful as it is, I won't let The End's unfairness spoil the rest of the game. I'm sure that, Ducktales fan or not, the game's level designs and mechanics will make any platformer fan happy while the music, art, and cutscenes will make it memorable. Achievement hunters can also rejoice, as the gameplay is severely lengthened if you go for those. It's a great game that I hope people don't skip out on because of the press's overall negative reviews."
,Recommended,237630,7752285,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rhomega,"A remake of an old classic with plenty of unlockables and two extra levels.  On the downside, the game is constantly interrupted by dialogue (Scrooge is still voiced by Alan Young), and while they are skippable, a ""no cutscenes"" option would be nice to keep up the pacing and for old-school purists.  Also, the climbing controls are a pain, so expect to die a lot on the last level.  If the Nintendo Hard difficulty is too much for you, you can play it on an easier setting that takes half a heart of damage and gives you more lives.  Also, you can play with the original 8-bit music, but not graphics."
,Recommended,237630,7750990,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ashen-UC-,"If you remember this game from the old Nintendo Entertainment System times, then you just found a good looking, faithful adaptation. It still can be frustratingly difficult (though never unfair), but you'll enjoy it.If you are a 'new' gamer looking for a jump and run / platformer, you're likely better served by looking for a more modern game."
76561198043569456,Recommended,237630,7775614,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,CornishGamer666,"Way Forward managed to modernise a NES classic and did it well, but however there are minor issues such as the control(mainly the pogo attack not always working when it was needed) but it was nice to been given either the NES method to pogo or a more simple method to do the pogo, nice touch bringing back as much of the voicecast as possible, everyone sounded great(concidering that both Alan Young and June Foray are in their 90's) through i have to agree that the with cutscenes once ya seen em, ya seen em' and wish for a more simple way to skip em'(plus they kinda slowdown the levels)The soundtrack for the most part is well done and respectful to the NES original well cept for Transilvania, dub step, really? yes i'm gonna say that the star of the soundtrack is The Moon, but i do love the redo of The Amazon theme also, plus it's nice to also have the option to play the game with the NES chiptunes ^^All in all Ducktales Remastered is only a fraction of being a great retro remake, with only minor issues getting in the way, do i buy this? i hear folk ask me my response is simply yes cause dispite some nitpicks this is one of the better retro remakes to have popped out in the last couple of years and frankly i'm all for retro remakes done right/right(ish)My final score for this game is a 7/10"
,Recommended,237630,17194546,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Burzdea,"I love this game. I love Ducktales. The voice actors are as superb as always, the puns and jokes are at the same standard as in the TV-series and the levels are at a enjoyable challange rating.One thing though, play it with a handcontrol of some sort. It is hardly functional with a keyboard, I'd say. With a controller it works great though.So get it, and make Scroge even more rich!"
,Recommended,237630,17198340,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,deicer,This game was and is still awesome. It's one of those games that was on the Sega Genesis that was not easy to play but kept you coming back if you love side scrollers.Oldie but goodie!
,Not Recommended,237630,16774721,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nilabraz,So I played the game and loved it. Then I got to the end just before Magica De Spell summons Dracula and it froze on me. Apparently I'm not the only person with this problem and it sounds like Wayforward is being held back from fixing this bug. I'm not gonna say don't buy the game because it either works for you (no crashes) or it doesn't (you will run into the forementioned bug i ran into). Yeah it sucks that I cant finish the game but whadda ya gonna do. Buy at your own risk.
,Not Recommended,237630,9586034,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,A7oranges,"I wish I liked this game. It has beautifully remastered graphics and soundtrack but the gameplay just ruins it for me. Difficulty settings are way off. Easy is WAY too easy and normal is just rediculously hard. With lousy hitboxes, bad platforming mechanics (ropes in the last stage) the game just becomes frustrating not difficult and challenging. The cutsenes are nice and all but if you need to skip five of them before even getting to the actual stage it becomes a problem specially when you have game overed and need to play the stage again. I heard there is an option to turn these cutsenes off but I haven't found them since the options screen is almost empty with only about three things to adjust. 6/10 Save your money."
76561198015584331,Recommended,237630,17370904,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,NL Saint  NL,"A great blast to the past for people who experienced the days of the old NES (who can probably play through these levels with a blindfold, since it's a perfect remake of the original Ducktales), an amazing catch-up with fans of the Ducktales cartoons (including the original voice cast!) or a great way to get introduced to the series.The only thing that would have made this game better would be a bonus unlockable for the original 8-bit game, even if just for nostalgia's sake.And bonus points for the amazing soundtrack. The Ducktales intro tune, the Transylvania and Moon levels are my personal favorites.I would recommend this to anyone with a heart for the old NES days and/or Ducktales in general."
,Recommended,237630,11721060,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Animated_Imagination,"Do you like old school platformers?Do you like 80's and 90's Disney cartoons?Do you like fun?If you answered ""yes"" to any of these questions, this game is for you. I would reccomend it heartily at the $5 price range for anyone and at regular price for anyone who loved the original game or is a big DuckTales fan."
,Recommended,237630,11483453,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,OneCheapMan,This game is awesome ! If it was also available for GNU/Linux it would be perfect!
,Recommended,237630,11553438,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,PinkyKitty,"A very well done remastering of a NES classic. Difficulty seems easier than it was in the original, even on hardest level. I have to give this one a thumbs up just because of the nostalgia.The only cons I found is the overabundance of cutscenes, but they can be skipped at will, and the really short playtime. Lack of replayability is going to keep me from playing through again sadly, but was a fun trip!"
,Recommended,237630,11588827,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,NOELonPC,"Remember renting this from our local Video Store. One of a handful of game not designed to be super challenging, but fun and  completable! Still to this day, it's a fun game with memorable characters, now voiced with highdef voiceacting...."
,Not Recommended,237630,11528945,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Yung Walt Disney,"The design is stuck in the NES era far beyond the point where ""it's a remake"" is even halfway acceptable. Hitboxes on half the things in the game are absurdly large. Sometimes you just stop pogoing for no reason. More often than not you find yourself thinking correctly that ""There was absolutely nothing I could have done to avoid [bad thing that just happened]."" The checkpoint system is completely ridiculous.The most difficult enemy in this game IS THE GAME.0/10."
,Not Recommended,237630,11533674,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,I actually never played the original when I was a kid but I was expecting a lot based on the nostalgia of others. It was ok at best. Too much talking and not enough platforming.
,Recommended,237630,11665910,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ehartman87,Miserly mallard needs all the gold. 7/10
,Recommended,237630,11569117,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Midian_Minos,"Very enjoyable if you remember the old NES game.  If you don't, it is still a worthwhile game that will surely get you into the Ducktales mood."
,Recommended,237630,10669600,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rusinamunkki,"I bought this game because there was an cheap offer in steam. I thought that it might be a good game but actually this game was excellent, better than I excepted.This somehow reminded me games from my childhood like Commander Keen, Megaman, Rescue rangers etc. This game had the most important thing from those games - the actual nice to play -feeling. It was hard enough on easy level but not too hard to make you too annoyed (unlike Megamans on Nintendo).Easily recommened if you like this kind of games."
,Not Recommended,237630,11808770,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,HaQiM,"The most bugged game that I've played in Steam. 5 crashes in 5.5 hours of gameplay, the last one making my PC unstable for a few minutes, when I ended the game. I dont know if my progress was saved, but anyway I dont care, not a good platformer at all. Easy difficulty too easy, medium almost unfair in some parts. 4/10."
76561198065388131,Recommended,237630,11811719,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Edakus,This game was awesome. It brought back alot of memories. The only thing is i wish it was a bit harder.
,Recommended,237630,11839672,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Timbah,"Love it! Sure it's a nostalgia trip all the way and there's no new genre defining things that's been added to it, but as the saying goes ""Don't fix what ain't broken!"" The collectables add replay value as do the achievements... and the theme song! ""Ducktails, woo ooooh!"""
76561198057877450,Recommended,237630,12113480,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Frostythehitman21,Perfect would be the one word to describe this game. made me feel like a kid again playing on a game boy
76561197995183498,Recommended,237630,12129625,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,"Mother,please","I got so many old memories tied the original, and the remaster does not let down at all!The controls are crisp, old scrooge is still a grump with a heart of gold and the levels are still interesting and challenging.The voiceover is great, even if it sometimes gets a bit repetitive during playAnd as a bonus now it looks sort of how nostalgia wants me to remember it!Its a good game and not very hard to power through,even tho the difficulty curve jumps at the end.the unlockables in the gallery is a neat idea to get people who are interested in the concept art to replay the game.if you want to unlock all the pictures in the gallery you gotta play the game more than once.I would recommend it, its a great platformer, easy to get into, challenging enough, short and fun.Great remake :D"
76561198151447092,Recommended,237630,12030482,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,volmantn,Great game just like I remember it as a child only with better graphics
,Recommended,237630,12094365,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BuffetBarbarian,"Might solve a mystery, or rewrite history. DuckTales, woo-oo!I think I may have found a new addition to my top five favorite games."
,Recommended,237630,12103937,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,jperez42,"An awesome remaster of a classic. Everything from gameplay, to graphics, to music has been improved tenfold."
,Recommended,237630,12105049,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mr. Meaner,"If it wasn't pointed out to me that some of the voice over work felt out of place I wouldn't have been so picky. That being said; if you like duck tales, you think you might like ducktales, or you just like games from 1990 remaid with a 3D-esk world. Then yes it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,237630,12105810,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ThePenciler,"It's a pretty good remake! Though, I could have done without the slowdown. I don't know if that was intentional to mirror the slowdown of the NES game or what or if there was any slowdown back then even.Played it under WINE with Steam overlay off to prevent the game from crashing."
,Recommended,237630,12102003,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,boof,"TL;DR Fun, Good, Worth it.Fun and Gripping.I really enjoyed DuckTales even though I have never seen the TV show or the Comics or played the NES game.I loved the music, the character, the voices and everything about it. The platforming is tight and easy to use and fun and all around not to shabby. I had some trouble with the platforming sometimes (Minecarts I'm looking at you.) but that was easy to get over. If you're thinking of a fun, friendly platformer which is fun I say it's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,237630,17795207,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MrVariant,"This game has good production values such as the graphics and excellent voice acting, but unfortunately bosses take way too long to kill.  I played on normal and easy; basically you dodge attacks until the boss is vulnerable and then you gotta hit him 20 times to win on normal.  It becomes a boring war of attrition, and if you lose you gotta redo this.  The levels have good music but honestly all this game rides on is nostalgia (such as the money bin to dive in).There aren't really any special abilities/weapons (old Scrooge McDuck pogos/whacks stuff with his cane), and the prolonged boss fights (about 11-12 hits even on easy) can make this game drag.  I would only recommend playing on easy (weaker bosses and infinite lives) as I wouldn't wish to run out of lives on my worst enemy to redo everything on the harder levels."
76561198000013545,Recommended,237630,7375903,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,innus_terzimo,nostalgic best game of the year
,Recommended,237630,12118074,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Snippets,It's a well done game which makes a lot of fun the first time u play it. The memories you get from your childhood after hearing the soundtrack gave me a chill. I do recommend it but its price compared to the gametime should let u think about it. 7.5/10
,Recommended,237630,16286192,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Leviathon,So much yes
76561197994693932,Not Recommended,237630,13212007,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Bengt-Göran,"My impression of this game is that the developers though they made an episode of the cartoon rather than a game.The gameplay is rather similar to the NES-version with rather simple and accurate controls, that is, when the game doesn't stop you from playing in the middle of a level by inserting some forced cutscene where they talk much slower than you read the dubbing and there is no way of skipping or speeding up the cutscenes (until you finish the game and get a new option in the options panel, but chances are you won't stick around for so long).I understand the studio paid great money to get the voice actors and want to make sure we listen to every expensive second they recorded. When the cutscenes start you can just leve the room, make a cup of coffe, drink it, come back and maybe they are finished talking so you can continue to play. It really breaks the flow of the othervice good gameplay.I consider the game broken compared to the NES-version due to the excessive use of cutscenes and therefore give it a thumbs down. Apparently the developers realized that the cutscenes were not improving the experience since they added an option to turn them off, but then removed that option for first time players. That does not sit fine with me."
,Recommended,237630,16889041,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Reker,Awesome remastered work of a classic.
76561198067988091,Recommended,237630,19422606,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bbhallhall,"Played for an hour. Had theme song stuck in my head for a week. I want to go back and finish the game, but I'm afraid of the earworm and the long term consequences it could have on my life. Sang song to my boss...nearly got fired. Sang song to my doctor...nearly got committed to a mental hospital. Sang song in line at Starbucks...four people behind me joined in.  People assumed it was a flash mob and started filming us.Good remake, but beware the theme song. I'm not sure I can take the risk again. Maybe you're braver than me."
,Not Recommended,237630,19468440,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pocky,"Overall, the game is an awesome remake of the NES original. At full price, I think the $15.00 is a little much, but sale price around $7.00 is fine for about a 5 hour game, which you can spend more time on if you want to 100%.I'm still going to go with others and give this a thumbs down. There is a game breaking bug at the end for many users. You will make it all the way to the final boss and have the game freeze and need to restart. I did this twice before I went to the forums to find others with the same issue. The fact that the developer has not addressed this is pretty ridiculous.I was able to work around the bug using suggestions from users on the forums, but I shouldn't have to download a third party program to get a game to run correctly. Good game, but can't recommend a purchase at full price, or with the game breaking bug that so many users have."
,Recommended,237630,19696790,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Tuoppi,FSfSD
,Recommended,237630,20333078,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,doggerino,11/9 would duck adventure simulator 2016 again
,Recommended,237630,3900099,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Ludacris,"Привет из детства, однозначно надо покупать тем, кто еще не купил, ведь цена смешная, те кто помнят эту игру с детства, однозначно ее оценят)От игры только приятные впечатления."
76561198041119609,Not Recommended,237630,20304056,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sweetie ViaPony,"Far too much unskippable dialogue.  We get it, he's a rich duck.  Let us play.  If you die, it's the same dialogue over and over.  Level design vastly inferior to the original game.  Other users report technical issues, but I'm refunding mine before I even hit that issue."
76561198132302480,Not Recommended,237630,20211653,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shusaku,"You probably tell yourself: ""Oh, it's on sale... I should buy it, let's see the reviews"". so let me tell you - DON'T BUY THIS GAME.Really bad Platformer, to short story, freezes on the last boss, and not even enjoyable. if you wanna spend your money just send me a message, I will give you to much games that are funnier and cheaper than this one.I really regret I paid 5$ for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,237630,20347339,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrEleven1181,Great game and most fun ive had in a while playing a game. Loved the original and this game just reminds me of playing ducktales as a child :)
76561198036024248,Not Recommended,237630,19470423,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bonk,Do not buy this game. There is a game breaking bug on the last fight. Your game will freeze regardless of what you do. Look at the forums before you buy this game to see the issues. Sad because this game was one of my favorites growing up.
76561197966573723,Recommended,237630,15868688,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,sausages,Love the animation when Scrooge dive into his pool of $
,Recommended,237630,15871431,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Tasaraus,"DuckTales: Remastered is one of the best, or perhaps the best platformer I have ever played. It used regular platforming skills, like in Super Mario Bros. but adds twists, by having Scrooge's (the main protagonist) cane as a weapon. You can use the cane to jump on enemies heads, smack items towards enemies, or even use it to jump across dangerous areas. With five different levels to choose from (six once you complete the first five), there is so much to do, plus it is extremely open, so you can choose which way you want to complete the levels (most levels involve in collecting different items). It really is an amazing platformer, and I feel sorry for those who haven't played it. So, I highly recommend you buy this game."
,Recommended,237630,15855194,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Diem,More fun than I expected. I'd spent a lot of time on this game in NES and this is a well done tribute.
,Not Recommended,237630,15835115,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Simon_says,"Cool game and a nice nostalgic trip, but the controls aren't overly responsive. Medium difficulty is really ♥♥♥♥ing hard and easy treats you like a baby, so there's no middle ground if you just want a fun experience that won't make you tear your hair out."
76561198188111251,Recommended,237630,15838010,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,アイマン,i love these game . its very classic (:
,Recommended,237630,15882352,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SilverB33,"Wonderful game, I enjoyed it completely. I was rather happy that the voice acting was done by the VA cast of the animated TV series, the music was a great take on the original  NES soundtrack, though I wish they would have given the option to switch between the modern soundtrack & the classic soundtrack.The only gripe I have with this game is that it's a tad bit easier than the original game. But yes, by all means get this game (and if you ever get the chance get a hold of the NES game as well if you've never played it before.)"
76561198069638742,Recommended,237630,15877099,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Poltergasm,"I bought Duck Tales: Remastered yesterday, and just completed it today. I have to say, it was a lot of fun. Having not played the original on the NES much I can't comment much on the differences, but I found the old one extremely difficult compared to Remastered. It was made easier by the fluid controls - I didn't have to battle once with it, and if I remember correctly, to perform the pogo on the NES you had to push down and B, whereas on Remastered, as long as you're in the air and press B, the pogo will work. I found this very pleasant. My Xbox 360 controller worked without even having to configure it. I knew I was going to love the game as soon as I was navigating the menus using it.I've noticed a lot of negative reviews regarding the cut scenes, but I enjoyed them on my first play through. The animation and voice overs were amazing, and it followed the story from beginning to finish. It was literally like playing an interactive story of Duck Tales, not just a platformer. I heard after a recent update you can actually turn them off, but on your first run through I would recommend keeping them on just so you can see how beautiful this game really is.Great sound, great graphics, dynamic bosses with more than a single move.. this title is a must have for platform lovers and Duck Tale fans alike. While the Capcom special is on it's currently half price - you really have no excuse."
,Recommended,237630,15659950,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Want|Some,"One of my favorite games of all time, all remastered and enjoyable :D"
76561198168790670,Recommended,237630,14112848,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Charles Stiles,"""Nearly lost mah hat on that one.""~Scrooge McFuk"
76561197970916142,Recommended,237630,14263325,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ferwysun,"Ok, so normally one should of course always try to be as objective as possible when reviewing a game, naming all its strenghths and flaws and comparing them to what else it out there... but to hell with it here. If you are and old gaming geezer (30+) like me and have played games since the 8bit age, then it is impossible to review this game without a thick layer of nostalgia clouding your vision. So to make it short, this game is absolutely amazing! Every bit oozes the dedication and love the developers have put in.From the moment the game starts up, I just could not help myself and just had to keep grinning. The superb uplifting soundtrack, the re-balanced difficulty (which makes it possible to enjoy the game without the frustration of the original), the lovely hand-drawn figures of Scrooge, Gyro, etc. and the great voice acting makes for a perfrect retro-experience which will spellbind you from the beginning to the end. I think I had more fun with the 5 hours of this game than with any 5 hours of a AAA title.Just. Can't. Stop. Grinning. :-D"
76561198047700176,Recommended,237630,14269767,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,I Inspire,"Fantastic Game!  I remember playing this when I was very young, and loving it then.  Now, with it's new polish, it's better than ever.  Don't get m wrong...  Nothing was really ADDED to the gameplay, but that's okay!  This is one of those games that ANYONE can have playing."
,Recommended,237630,14389331,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheAcidBoot,Great game. It's like Ducktales but remastered. 11/10
76561198048001650,Recommended,237630,14426009,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,jdcarter91,"Just as good as I remember, if not a little better. Its still really short and couldve done without the cutscenes, which seemed to serve the purpose of padding the length, but its still a really solid platformer."
,Recommended,237630,15527867,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Parmesan Chicken,60 fps rage
76561197963275016,Recommended,237630,144163,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,BANANANANANANNANANANANANANANANAA,YOU BUY NOOOOOOOW! rah. ohhh Ducktales.
,Recommended,237630,637811,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Triscut,GREATEST GAME EVER THiS WEEK
76561198073548018,Recommended,237630,6729272,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,kuulkids,this is the best game ever!!!!
,Recommended,237630,16013860,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Enoch Dagor,"Very good remake. Tons of nostalgia and geek out moments await you. The new (remake of the old) soundtrack is great. If you even slightly enjoyed the original 8bit version, you'll love it."
,Recommended,237630,15974366,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,polar,"So Amazing. Almost the whole time I had the DuckTales theme stuck in my head, I got it done quick but I would so play again. ""Every day there out there making DUCKTALES, WOO-OO."""
76561198128472773,Recommended,237630,16047610,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,valahbr,"Alright, I absolutely love hard games. Really, big fan. But there are two types of difficulty: the one that when you lose you feel like you are getting better, on your way to win next time, and the one that is just random, stupid, annoying and sometimes due to unresponsive controls.Ducktales is more of the second type. There are lots of annoyances for losing, you are sent back to the stage selection screen and you need  to press start and select skip at least 3 times in order to skip the cutscenes you already saw. Plus, you lose all your diamonds, and as a game that encourages the player to explore to find them, it's pretty annoying having to go through the same exploration to get them again. Imagine playing Metroid and losing your upgrades after dying. Sort of closer to that than Mega Man, where you don't actually lose that much, you just go through the linear stage again.Some stuff are pretty random and require straight-up memorising patterns, and sometimes the controls are not very responsive. I'm not saying it's completely bad, it's just a dated type of difficulty that aged poorly.Now to the good part, I'm absolutely in love with the boss fights, those are usually the highlights of any game for me, and in this one, they don't disappoint. The level design is pretty good, not amazingly perfect, but good enough. There are a decent amount of secrets throughout each stage, which makes exploring interesting, you'll find yourself searching every inch of the stage for treasures. The environments are PERFECT, I found myself smiling stupidly with every new stage and enemy, everything looks absolutely gorgeous. The soundtrack is also incredible, and that's something I don't usually even notice in games.Overall I'd say Ducktales Remastered is a decent 2D platformer with top-notch graphics and soundtracks, but prepare to get pretty annoyed after some free-deaths it throws at you."
,Not Recommended,237630,20840859,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Regulith,"I didn't have the privilege of playing Duck Tales back in the day, and was having a pretty good time with this remake up until the last stage. Having to redo a level if I lost my last life on the boss was disappointing, but tolerable. After defeating the final boss (whom had an attack that was borderline unavoidable, mind you), however, I lost the remainder of my lives on a timed jumping puzzle that came immediately afterwards and was forced to play the entire final level over again. I never went back."
76561198015244778,Recommended,237630,20756771,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,QuantumLasagne,DUCKTALES WOOHOO!
,Not Recommended,237630,20753706,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,caesar_ensalada,"This is one of those times I wish I could give a positive review,but over the course of playing, too many things nag at me.I have such a nostalgia factor with this series (loved it as a kid),and I probably will pick it up now and again to try and complete it, just for old times sakes...but it's already feeling like a chore.-The game has been out for years,and yet there isn't even a built in menu for sound/music or windowed mode.The player has to know the ""shortcuts"" offhand.-Controls are clunky, but given the game being emulated, it can be forgiven.What is annoying though are the sometimes too unclear hitboxes(did I hit that? I'm clearly not standing on it).-Hilariously bad design with quick fixes.Eg. On the Amazon level, once I beat the boss,the camera panned out to show that the boss stage ceiling was gone,and in mid pogo-jump, Scrooge went sailing out of the arena,and had to be teleported back for the cutscene to continue;clearly someone came across this bug before me.-Game breaks when I try to navigate from some parts of the office.-Main Menu has some noticeable input delays. I would hazard a guess that it's most likely from amateur timers on when to read inputs. (the game will read inputs long before the options show themselves).-Apparently there has been a game breaking bug near the end of the game,that has still not been fixed after all this time (not for my graphics card fortunately, but it's worth noting).Really just ugh... I got this on sale, because I knew I didn't want to shell out $15 for this,and I still feel bad. It could be a good game with just a little bit of polish.They were literally handed gold: Take a solid game and just update it,but somewhere along the way they just goofed it all up.There aren't 'Meh' Recommendations though on Steam, so this gets a painful 'No' from me.Blow me bagpipes!"
,Recommended,237630,16672989,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,VAGINA BOY,this game si very fun but too easy on easy.. i think it is supposed to b buggy too but i ahven't gontten that far yet
,Recommended,237630,16606212,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PainterX,bring back all the classics!
76561198066971781,Recommended,237630,16636499,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,"An amazing remake of a great NES game.I loved Duck Tales for the NES. Its actually the first NES game i ever beat as a kid.  So i was really excited when i heard about this remake. and it did not dissapoint.This is how a remake should be done.  They didn't just go back and redo the sprites and remaster the music.  They added all new levels, and revamped the original levels and bosses.  And they fleshed out the story with lines voiced by the original cast of the show!The game is classic NES challenge but now has difficulty settings which effect lives and starting health so even if your not up old school challenge you'll likely be able to get through this game with a little pratice.  There are tons of extra unlockables like concept art and music from both the remake and the classic game.My only minor complaint is since you can unlock art and music of the original NES game, i think it would have been an especially nice touch to be able unlock the original game itself but alas no such luck.  Still can't hold that against them when what we've been given is so great.   If you loved the show or enjoy oldschool platformers then this is well worth $15"
76561198011602200,Recommended,237630,7299475,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Sheldor,"Nostalgia trip, beautifully remastered"
76561198147077702,Recommended,237630,15959913,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,trolling94,"Having owned the original NES game, I definitely got my money's worth when I bought the remaster; HOWEVER, admittedly, the cutscenes, while entertaining the first couple times, seem to lose their flavor after that. This could also be due to the fact that I didn't grow up heavily with the show, which is likely the main reason why these cutscenes were in there to begin with. My personal recommendation is definitely get it if you want to, but I would do so while it's on sale (I've usually seen it at around $7.50); since this is a remaster of an NES game, it's fairly short, and there are not a lot of achievements (for at least the PC version). Honestly, I don't play it that much anymore, since I have all the achievements, but I definitely felt like I got my money's worth out of a trip down memory lane.TL;DR: Wait until it's on sale if you want to buy it."
,Recommended,237630,10079156,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,webturtle0,This game brings back a lot of memories of the original on the NES. It was one of my favorite games. This new rendition is beautiful and fun. The one qwerk I have with it is the extremely repetative dialog and long cutscenes.
,Recommended,237630,10041090,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Donny JaBronie,Duck Tales!WooHoo!
,Recommended,237630,9230303,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Caulkhead,"Possibly one of the most misleading games of history. This is a remake of the NES classic which was made by Capcom in the Mega Man era (the original actually uses the Mega Man engine). If you've ever played any of the NES Mega Man games, this game takes a lot of cues from that series and is punishingly hard in places. Not recommended for children unless you are raising a retro fiend monster.Excellent game though and worth it if you like old school platformers."
,Recommended,237630,9232412,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Evil Weasel,it's duck tales and it's catchy and it's classic and BUY IT! nuff said
,Recommended,237630,9463749,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jedi Dunamis,"I can vaguely remember the original but this is a fun game.  The graphics are great, music is great and great gameplay.  A nice tribute to the original NES game.  Go get it!"
,Recommended,237630,16270198,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,That Moogle,Quack
76561198071872375,Recommended,237630,16254211,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Extremegamer29,This game is so much fun to play. I loved the first one on the NES and  this one is equally as good. I def would recommend this game to anyone who is a Duck Tales Fan
,Recommended,237630,13861516,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,NUG3M,The game is really good IF you have a Xbox 360 Controller.ATTENTION:- No regular game controller support. Xbox 360 controller only.- No windowed mode option.
76561198078617939,Recommended,237630,15206901,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,rign,Клевая игра. Рекомендую для тех кому понравился оригинал. Жду Duck tales 2
76561198013996788,Recommended,237630,2880186,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Danlexi,Old school jump'n'runN1
,Recommended,237630,2278200,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Marbass,"Очень у этой игры много общего с 8-битной версией. Но все же она довольно сильно отличается. В первые пол часа игры хотел сломать геймпад - игра на харде очень требовательна к рукам. Пришлось отключить сложный режим пого, когда для атаки еще и клавишу вниз надо зажимать.  Но настольгия есть, и не слабая. Пальцы то до сих пор помнят некоторые секретки)))."
76561198033046217,Recommended,237630,15101523,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
76561198041392193,Recommended,237630,15599179,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BoNe,Fun little platformer. The only downside i would concider is its lenght. But its a remake of old game so i guess they are not to blame. Recommend
,Recommended,237630,15676390,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SolidRaven,"Fans of old, new and anything Disney will really like this game. It's a remake of the NES classic done by Capcom while adding in voice acting from the actors who did the show back in the 80's. With the Mega Man styled difficulty and fun factor that was in this classic, this is a sure gem for anyone young and old will enjoy. Also you gotta swim in your money bank."
,Recommended,237630,15807033,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,123,"Duck Tales, Oo-oo!"
76561198118052676,Recommended,237630,15849275,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ryushe,Remastered version is worth the purchase.... even if it's just for the memories.Game: 8/10Nostalgia: 10/10
76561198011451349,Recommended,237630,15766131,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Havok006,"Great game, unfortinatly I was never able to play the original nes version to compare it. But as for me I enjoy it, controlls are very responsive and high difficulty but not impossible allows you to both enjoy the game and play it for hours."
76561198141377409,Not Recommended,237630,16012634,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,BeggiChozo,"The game is broken, it freezes during cinematics, gameplay and always on the last boss fight on extreme. Ive asked for help from Capcom, Wayforward and Steam and they dont ♥♥♥♥ing care. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198054378009,Recommended,237630,16747854,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hyp3rc,"Ducktales is basically a shot for shot remake of the NES original. The feel of the game is intact and the remixed music is fantastic. They also got all of the original voice actors from the cartoon to reprise their roles! The game itself is a 2D platform/exploration game. If you are a fan of the NES game or the cartoon you'll really enjoy this. Paid $10 bucks for it, completed in a few hours but definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,237630,16217195,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,powderskull,"DuckTales = LOVERemastered Scrooge McDuck = LOVEBouncing 20ft hight on a wooden cane, killing Beagle Boys = LOVENo option to skip that very quick to become repetative/aggrivating Scrooge/Launchpad chatty cutscenes = NO LOVEOverall a great game, but adult me sure can't stand the repetative cutscenes with no ""skip"" option in the same way childhood me relished in it."
76561198172805218,Recommended,237630,16328561,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jeff,"An NES classic remake with good effort but the game itself doesn't age so well. It's not bad but not outstanding either. The whole game may be too short for its price.However, still recommend. Just for the sound track. It kills me."
,Recommended,237630,313556,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Inkar,"Very nice remake of the original NES game released in the 90s. If you enjoyed that one 20 years ago, get this one!"
,Recommended,237630,3622060,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Seaber,"Awesome graphics, music and gameplay. Good old memories perfectly updated.I'm 10 years old again."
,Recommended,237630,13701397,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,xeitgeixt,"THANK JESUS THIS WAS MADE....nope, that's it."
,Recommended,237630,13765264,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"Honestly i bought this game beacause iam a fan of Scrooge mcDuck (in indonesia called Paman Gober/ Uncle Gober) and donald duck. Not too bad game to play exactly, very enjoy the side scrolling gameplay but i was expecting this one to be MORE like in the comic version... 6/10"
76561198129277060,Recommended,237630,13794179,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Aellowryn,Every bit as good as you remember it.  And that music!!
76561198097833107,Recommended,237630,13778693,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NottyBoi,"Life is like a hurricane here in duck-berg race cars, lazers, aeroplanes, It's a duck blur might solve a mystery or re write history. Duck tales wooo ooooo. need a say more."
76561198101703442,Recommended,237630,13850861,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,noomijau,Very addictive and enjoyable! I've lost my temper a few times though.. But still loving this game :>
76561198005781006,Recommended,237630,13294219,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,RiotStamp,"Nostalgia remastered.  If not something you grew up in your childhood, it's a solid platformer for anybody to enjoy."
,Recommended,237630,13246555,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Nimdok,"A really enjoyable modernized version of the classic NES platformer with great visuals and superb music and voice acting. I've only played it on easy, because I always need like six or seven tries for the boss fights... How anyone ever managed to beat the original game is beyond me."
,Recommended,237630,13206679,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,it's what you get ya. quack.
,Recommended,237630,13190618,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The_Armagregon,great
,Recommended,237630,13190989,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,abandonfox,"I don't really understand why this is is sitting on a 66/100 metascore. Are there times the controls can be frustrating? Yes. Are there times when you aren't sure what's going on with hit detection? Yes. Will you ragequit after flawlessly navigating Vesuvius, the boss fight, and the first portion of the end-game escape sequence only to find yourself completely unable to jump rope to rope due to the control issues? Almost certainly.But that's part of the charm. It's just like the NES version, but prettier, with a more glorious soundtrack, lots of extra media goodies, and a full money-bin of nostalgia. It won't be the best game you've ever played, or the longest, but it's charming, fun, and has a lot to offer. It's certainly better than the passable 66% score would have you believe. Worth checking out, but try to grab it on sale for under $10."
76561198129421833,Recommended,237630,13207791,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bex-Rex,"This game takes me back to playing DuckTales on the NES.  Only the remastered version is even better.  Sharper graphics, fantastic music and brilliant gameplay.  ""DuckTales, Woohoo!"", indeed.  Love this game."
,Recommended,237630,13098408,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Will The Kill,"I can't comment much about the ""Remastered"" portion as I never played the original, but this is really fun and well polished for what it's worth.  The controls are pretty simple and straightforward, and the sound and visuals are really nice.Having said that, I found this game to be extremely difficult near the end.  This is not an easy game by any stretch of the imagination, but the very last level, specifically the ending boss fight and post events, is extremely frustrating.  I do think it penalizes the player a bit too harsh for messing up during this stretch of gameplay, but by no means is it a deal-breaker.For a platformer, this is definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a challenging, old-school throwback."
,Recommended,237630,6787895,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Don Vagner,"Espetacular! Ao contrário de muitas criticas negativas que andei lendo sobre esta pérola, não encontrai nada que pudesse desabonar o jogo.O preço é exagerado, mas mesmo assim não é dinheiro jogado fora.Para quem cresceu assistindo este clássico dos desenhos, é um jogo obrigatório."
,Not Recommended,237630,13581613,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PAL,"No controller support beyond the xbox 360 controller ruins an otherwise fun and faithful tribute to the NES original and the series. Since the developer hasn't done anything to fix that issue, which is a really fatal flaw when it comes to the genre, I honestly cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,237630,14811375,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,💕Momo x Kavin💕,"Ducktales - Ah, the classics. So many reviews are out there already for this, so I'll cut right to the chase. You're a duck on a pogostick going around collecting treasure and getting filthy rich, from the amazon, to the ♥♥♥♥ing moon, what more do I need to say? It's awesome, plain and simple. The gameplay is tight, the remixes are awesome, and it's just a classic all in all. Do I reccomend this? YES! Now get out there and take a sponge bath, but without the sponge; and instead of water, use gold, because why not."
,Recommended,237630,8711542,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Blitzen365,"That's how a remake of a classic game is done. Everything in the game was given fresh, crisp, high-definition visuals (as opposed to certain other older game re-releases where the old graphics are just passed through some software filter to remove jaggedness), the sound remixes are great, cutscenes and voice acting were added. All the bells and whistles technology in 1989 didn't allow for were put in, while every element that made this an 8-bit gem was kept intact.If you played it back in the day (I did so avidly, on a rented cartridge from a rental store near my home back in the early '90s) you'll instantly recognize each screen, each enemy, each item, each tune. And even the typical difficulty of late '80s/early '90s Nintendo games is there, so even for those that haven't played this game 25 years ago the challenge is there.Summing up, I recommend this for both older players (who played the original 8-bit version), as a modern way to relive an old classic, and newer players (who weren't even born when 8-bit consoles waned), because it gives a taste of genuine '80s classic platforming without compromising on audiovisual quality. Congratulations to the producers on this great remake!"
,Recommended,237630,8713962,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,1objection,"Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes - it's a duck blurYou might solve a mystery or rewrite history!Duck Tales, Oo-ooTales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooD-d-d-danger, watch behind you - there's a stranger out to find youWhat to do? Just grab onto some Duck Tales, oo-oo!Not pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!When it seems they're headed for the final curtainBold deduction never fails, that's for certainThe worst of messes become successes!Duck Tales, Oo-ooTales of derring-do, bad and good luck tales, oo-ooNot pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales, oo-oo!"
76561198066883637,Recommended,237630,8717966,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,jdrake2,"Very fun, Controls a little hard to get used to, great voice acting and story."
,Recommended,237630,7308481,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Bahu,"Despite a distinct lack of race cars, there are a suitable amount of lasers *and* aeroplanes."
,Recommended,237630,8420202,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bedwyr,"If you have ever watched the old Duck Tales animated series back on Disney Afternoon (remember that?) or if you ever played the Duck Tales NES game by CapCom, you will immediately be transported back. This is a love letter to the old series as much as it is an homage to and remake of the game. There's either something inherent in these characters that Carl Barks brought to life so many years ago in his comics and graphic novels that just sucks a person by their inner 10 year old. Do yourself a favor and play the game. The platforming mechanics are as polished now as they were then. The game is well worth your time."
,Recommended,237630,8424415,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Muscle Moose,"10/10 game. Never played the early console game, but enjoyed the hell out of the show. Needless the say, a ton of nostalgia went into my love for this game.The gameplay is so basic, but so difficult. The music just keeps you going. 1UPs are satisfying to get, and actually useful. Levels are great and well designed. Bosses are great and satisfying to defeat.Overall just a fantastic game! Finally beat it and can't get enough of it."
,Not Recommended,237630,11897069,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,maxy.b,"I was all but ready to give Ducktales: Remastered a positive review, despite what had been the occasional shonky control error, the obsolete inclusion of a lives system, and the cutscenes beginning to wear thin, because... Well, it's Ducktales, isn't it, in every way that matters. The spirit is there, and it evokes it brilliantly, taking what the NES game had presented to us before and updating it visually into something incredibly pleasing on a key aesthetic level.And then the final level happened. The occasional control issue only gets worse when the game demands more from you, and so what should have been a triumphant finale to a decent enough game became frustratingly hard, through no fault of my own (not that I'd say I'm great at games, it's just that the issues were definitely on the game's part in this instance. That, followed by an awkward final boss and an extra platforming section where that lack of responsiveness stops you getting through a fiddly, precision-demanding bit of timed jumping.Theres ways it could have been better, something like removing the lives system, or even just having a checkpointed continue option upon game over, but to demand that a player go through every problematic moment over and over just to get to whatever stumbling block they last came to. There's an argument to be made that changes such as these weren't made to preserve the original game's intent, but when you call your game a remastering you may as well go all out, yeah?"
,Recommended,237630,11852102,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2bitsolutions,Loved this game!!!! Took me back to my childhood and reminded me why I still love playing old school NES games.
76561198053404403,Recommended,237630,11854037,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The Meta,"Amazing to see a childhood classic remade in HD for multi-platformsthe sound track is amazing.graphics amazing and cartoony like the show.levels well thought out, slighty unforgiving though.amazing banter.10/10"
76561197994642907,Recommended,237630,1554333,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,roq,Classic game remixed for the modern machine.-1 cutscenes-1 controls (system is geared for controler like the origional game)+1 nonstalgic audio and design+1 gameplay+1 economy system added3/5 total score.  Very fun game.
76561197976988367,Recommended,237630,11993786,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Xiphias,"FOR MASOCHISTS ONLY. This game is rather difficult (particularly the last level), even on the ""normal"" difficulty. It's a beautiful game, though, with high-quality animation and voice acting straight out of 1989."
76561198020743548,Recommended,237630,11087841,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tacobadgers,It's Duck Tails yo.
76561198052397356,Recommended,237630,11088207,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[Rage] Silesh,"I LOVE IT! It is a little of a rage game at points, however if you stick to it you can be awesome too."
,Recommended,237630,11210417,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sp00gle,It took me 69 times to get past the first level on normal.10/10
,Recommended,237630,10794807,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,cainunable,"Great game.  Brought back lots of memories from the original.  Last level is a royal pain though, and the difficulty seems out of balance for it."
,Recommended,237630,10836079,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Melon Kaiser,"DuckTales: Remastered is great for new gamers who are into modern platformers like Rayman Legends, New Super Mario Bros. 2/U etc. and is even better for gamers who like the classics such as Mega Man, the old DuckTales itself and Castlevania etc. DT:R combines Fun Boss Battles, Fun mechanics mostly exclusive to the DuckTales series of games and classic platforming and shows that the Sidescrolling Genre is still alive and well. I recommend this game to anybody."
,Recommended,237630,10838757,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Opoohwan,"This game is awesome, a beautiful remake of the classic game. The first game I owned for the original gameboy was Ducktales. I got this game and was thrilled when My oldest fell in love with it. Great for both Generations of gamers in our house."
76561198060494976,Recommended,237630,10990198,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Stevepac9,"If you like classic snes games this is for you! Much fun, just grab it on sale, because it doesn't last long."
,Recommended,237630,11071106,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,M4Lki3r,"Great game! Brings back lots of memories and well done! Definitely use a controller for this. I used a 360 controller.My only gripe is that once you beat the game, you have to wait through the entire credits to get back to the home screen."
76561198006444163,Recommended,237630,11239314,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Casey,"I found my childhood all over again! Great aesthetics and well done in developing a story in the game. Glad the actors for the original show came back, and the menu music to pick a stage really is nice to listen to as well, makes me want to lay back and drift off to sleep on a great adventure."
76561198009693424,Recommended,237630,10815333,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Slade Strife,love this game... feels so much like the original!
,Recommended,237630,10826395,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mortified penguin,"A pleasant trip down memory lane, and as someone who experienced the magic of NES and growing gaming market in the 90s first hand, it brought a tear to my eye to see this game come back to life. However, it can't be denied that old things in new world have their new problems.Although the game's superb voice acting is a nice touch, forced custscenes during each level seemed to me as the devs were enjoying too much freedom with their new focus on ""narrative"". In most cases they interrupt the flow of the game, and it becomes a tedious chore to watch and listen to them. Imagine in Super Mario Bros., in the middle of running through a level, you have to stop and watch a cutscene. It gets old sooner than you think. The old-school sensibility is still there, and unless you're playing it on easy, you will die. A lot. And you will restart the levels after losing all your lives. A lot. I appreciate the devs kept this remake faithfully in-line with the original and captured that old games' frustration we remember, but I wouldn't be surprised if this difficulty curve becomes a turn-off for a lot of gamers today. (Checkpoint-and-quicksave-spoiled kids, this was the kind of video games that challenged our mind back in the day.) The remastered animations and music are fluid and stunningly gorgeous, and the new 2D-3D mix style of overall world design (reminiscent of Paper Mario) works beautifully well. For visual department, I could not have asked for more. The signature pogo cane action felt a little finicky and inconsistent at times compared to the original, however.In the end, I'm under an impression that WayForward and Capcom tried to win over both nostalgic old fans and newcomers by featuring charming storytelling and unforgiving platforming together, but the game ended up being confused and couldn't decide what it wanted to be. For those who have played the original, this game is a must-try for its beautiful visual improvement from 8-bit and nostalgia alone, but for those who haven't, let it be known that the only thing this remake does better than the original is the presentation and you're essentially playing the same game from the 90s. Take that what you will, but I don't think you will find the same fun you do from modern games, unless you have a bug for retro games."
,Recommended,237630,10808712,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,♡GOOSFRABA,gg
,Recommended,237630,10808970,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Catbus86,"I remember playing the old NES Ducktales as kid.  While this isn't a very strict remake, It still is a blast to play, and great for the nostalgia.  It adds enough new school to it to make it interesting, while still keeping the old school feel."
,Recommended,237630,10611866,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,puluxor,"Danger! High amounts of nostalgia ahead!This graphical remake of a classic platformer is clearly made with love and care by the fine people at WayForward. It looks great, controls great and sounds great. The authentic voice acting will bring a tear to anyone's eye who grew up with Ducktales."
76561198002022703,Recommended,237630,10604228,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ryu_Katoma,"I used to play this game as a child with my mom, those memories are precious to me. Playing this game again as an adult, it reminds me of those days and I feel a wonderful sensation of joy as I journey through the levels, no the game isn't exactly the same as it was, but that doesn't bother me at all. If you want to have a good fun game with a decent challenge, I encourage you to buy this game, what do you have to lose?"
,Recommended,237630,4307816,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"An NES classic makes a fantastic comeback.If you loved the NES game, then you'll absolutely love this remastered version of it as you will find plenty of that old school charm that the original version had, while also staying up to date with remastered graphics and soundtrack.And they even got the voice actors for the classic Disney show to lend their voices for all the characters in the game, so this is quite the nostalgic trip down memory lane for those who grew up during the 80's and 90's watching Disney shows.If you love Disney, grew up playing the classic Capcom games on the NES and so on, then this is a must buy for you."
,Recommended,237630,10783617,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kallesaurus,"Overall great game. The original soundtrack has been truly remastered and the Moon Theme brings a chill down my spine. The controlls are tricky to master, even tho there are only two buttons plus the D-pad involved. Story is ok, classic McDuck-greed but he still cares for the ducklings. 8/10."
76561198006599147,Recommended,237630,10785324,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Disco VB,some old school fun!!!
76561197992838986,Recommended,237630,10673958,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LeviathanKAK,"Perfect remake with just the right upgrades.For those of us who played the original, you'll find a faithful rendition of the NES game, warts and all.  Some frustrating platforming areas, a controller is definitely recommended.The only downfall is the damn ""cutscenes"" with incessant talking and slow as hell words.  While I love that the brought the band back together for the original voices, the novelty wears off after the being interrupted every other room for a inane conversation between the family.Don't pay more than $5....a great nostalgiac journey for a low price."
,Recommended,237630,10674267,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,darkness,"Life is like a hurricane here in Duckburg Race cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck-blur! Might solve a mystery Or rewrite history!"
,Recommended,237630,12163099,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Sammael,"It's a short playthrough but it's a lot of fun, and a great nostalgia trip for 90's kids."
,Recommended,237630,12142314,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Bachelor,En veldig bra remake av den gode gamle klasikkeren. Anbefales på det høyeste
,Recommended,237630,11176749,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,justchris,"So yeah, it's basically Ducktales from NES, only prettier. It's go everything Ducktales had, all the same stages, the secret stage and everything, as well as extra difficulty modes (or maybe the NES one had this, I don't remember, it's been a while). If you liked Ducktales, or never played it, then yes, I would recommend getting this game.Fair warning though, there is a lot of lag and slowdown in this game. I thought it might just be my system, but it seems to be an issue with the program itself. It doesn't really affect gameplay, but the cutscenes are bad.My biggest complaint about this game, though, is that I think they didn't get Fenton's VA back, and the person who does it doesn't sound right to me. Otherwise, yay nostalgia."
76561198077027149,Recommended,237630,11112041,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Molotov Haunter,"Well worth getting. I bought this game with high hopes of the original game spirit of Ducktales on the NES and it doesn't disapoint! There will be some frusteration, but what NES game (or remastered) doesn't? It's the good kind or frusteration. It irritates you, but you just want to keep on going and this game didn't dissapoint me."
,Recommended,237630,10803653,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Scorch,"The production values are top-notch with voice acting reminiscent of the show and art that looks just as good in motion as it does standing still. The difficulty, however...It's almost as if they're ashamed at how hard they made the game, so health pick-ups are plentiful. Extra lives are few and far between, so stocking them up is impossible. You have three shots at beating a stage or it's back to the hub. I can barely stand playing this game for half an hour since the chance at success feels so small. I recommend this game, but with a hearty warning to be ready for failure. If you find cutscenes annoying, you might want to find another retro platformer to whet your appetite."
76561197999441198,Recommended,237630,1897602,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Raneru,Plays just like the old NES classic. A must for old fans
,Not Recommended,237630,18860071,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ktype02,"Just to emphasize, the date is November 4, 2015 (on my side of the world, at least) and still no fix. Yes, the game does look appealing, especially if you are looking to relive your childhood memories; Sadly, I must tell you not to waste your money on this game. While I would say that Ducktales is absolutely amazing, the game still crashes at the last boss without any known fix as of this day. Being a 2013 title, it's safe to say that the developers will no longer be working on this title, so you will forever be unable to finish the final boss. Do yourself a favor and walk away. An incomplete experience is not even worth half the price."
,Recommended,237630,18924415,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,yung cuckboi 3000,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥  5/1.
,Recommended,237630,18877048,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fukufire,"The sort of game Wayforward excels at, a true throwback to NES platformers. You can beat the game in 3 hours or so, but it's going to be a long way there with all the game overs and lost lives it'll take. It's a tough game too, but there's difficulty settings for those who want a more relaxed ride. Pogo mechanics and hunting for secrets are so much fun too, plus there's a bonus difficulty to unlock if you're looking for a proper challenge. Highly recommended, like most of Wayforward's output."
,Recommended,237630,18592763,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,NESGamepro,A game that relies heavily on nostalgia. Only recommended if you remember the original.
76561198111560263,Recommended,237630,18538185,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Catscratch,worth the 15$
76561197993392850,Recommended,237630,15219634,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,An excellent remake of a memorable title.WTF Is... DuckTales: Remastered?I didnotreceive a key for this game. I purchased it.:( This game is restricted to unfree Windows/Macintosh software. Boycott games that are not available forGNU/Linux
,Recommended,237630,2806775,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,The™ Baron,"Old-school NES platforming with tight controls and large, varied levels, updated with high-quality hand-drawn animation, fantastic new arrangements of the original soundtrack's music, and (admittedly cringeworthy) voice work from the show's voice actors, what's there not to like?...Well, okay, the two new levels are pretty weak due to their linearity, among other things, but this is a very fun and challenging package regardless."
,Recommended,237630,6363142,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Smexykins,"9.5/10Amazing remake to the NES classic. It's super fun and super enganging. You won't want to put it down. Forget Gamespot's review, this game is amazing, and I recommend it to any platformer fans."
,Recommended,237630,3819461,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Atalus,"A toss back to the NES days, Remastered is everything we asked for.  Same core formula, updated graphics, and all the old voice actors from the cartoon.  If this is Disney's new tread with games, they might as well take my money now.  This is worth anyones time who enjoyed the game or cartoon."
,Recommended,237630,1538569,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,facls,"Pretty good remaster of the original. Not much is different, except for the (too) numerous cutscenes. Game is pretty short too."
,Recommended,237630,711777,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Engoni,"Ducktales is back! Better than ever. Fantastick soundtrack, good old retro gameplay and the great old characters from your childhood. What is not to like?"
76561197994100320,Recommended,237630,7957151,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Heimdallr,Just like I remembered from being a kid.  I do recommend finding a controller to play as the the keyboard option hurts.  I certainly appreciate that you can stop play and come back later rather than trying to do the whole game in 1 sitting.Worth a play if you want some old Nintendo classic memories!
76561197991155047,Recommended,237630,1309290,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Cally,"Pretty much perfect. It took the old NES Ducktales game and made it feel like an actual cartoon episode. That's a good thing.This isn't one of those remakes that turns down the difficulty 99 notches either. If anything, it's more difficult than the original.I hesitated playing this because I didn't like the 3D effects mixed with the regular 2D animation, but you get used to it pretty quickly and it's easy to accept once you start playing.It's not a 100% copy-paste remake either. There are all sorts of touches that make it feel like a new experience. One example: in the original game, you'd meet a statue that would force you to pay money to progress in the game. You meet this statue again, let's just say.Only real quibble I have is sometimes Scrooge says little phrases like ""up I go!"" when you climb a rope, and these get repeated a lot.This should be an instant buy if you watched the show and played the original NES game. It's fully worth letting your nostalgia buttons be pushed."
76561198064541161,Recommended,237630,6357486,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Mr. Gameplay1001,"One of my favorite games that I've played in a long time. It brings nostalgia to fans of the orginal DuckTales, and for the fans of the TV show. (which is really good btw) It let's you have the feeling of downright old school gaming, and it's absolutely brilliant!Yeah the game is a tad short, but a very fun game listening to the orginal voice cast of the show, and never-over-the-top voice acting either (Voice Actor for Scrooge McDuck is 94 years old when he voice acted this game, and he barely sounds a year older after the show ended) But over all, It's fun, amazing to look at, and play. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,237630,7878047,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,hgjake,"This game was great. Short, and sweet. They did an amazing job remastering the original Ducktales. My only problem with this is that, they didn't add any audio adjustments. I find this annoying because the music is too loud, its kickass music, but too loud. Another thing was the controls. Definitely something you play with a controller. The mouse/keyboard controls are absolutely terrible. I would recommend this to anyone into the ducktales, but have a controller with you."
76561198008859113,Recommended,237630,7835491,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Em0 Par+y,A fantastic remake of the original NES classic. They even took extra measures to remove the most annoying parts of the original (nearly impossible stages because of point of view) and added voice acting. The metacritic score is wrong.
,Recommended,237630,2922475,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Dex!,"DuckTales: Remastered is a love letter to 80s era platforming games and the original cartoon that so many of us remember fondly.Possibly the most amazing thing about this game is that the full cast from the original show have returned to reprise their roles, which may surprise some considering Alan Young is only a few years shy of 100!This combined with the amazing score of the game, reorchestrated and faithful to the original , is enough to make anybody grin like a madmanSimply put; DuckTales: Remastered is an awesome tribute to fans of the original show and game.You could even say, that this game, isAbosolutely Quackers."
76561198010220010,Recommended,237630,7800887,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Tanya,DUCKTALES!
,Recommended,237630,27274535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raedahn,I love this game - it brings me back to playing it on the NES the first time. The attention to detail on the remaster as well as the studio bringing back the original voice actors totally puts this over the top for me as an awesome homage to the original.
,Recommended,237630,27332969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kaijushima,"Having extolled the virtues of the NES version since it came out I was looking forward to DT:Remastered, let me just say, it's an absolute treat! Love the original to bits, love the remaster too, the (mostly) original voice talents are a delight, it's obviously a lovingly made remaster, and the game itself is true to the original but also just different and difficult enough to hold your interest even if you'd played the original a million times like I have. Highly recommended, I personally did not encounter the glitch that other users have mentioned, and you finally get to dive into Scrooge's three cubic acres of cash."
,Recommended,237630,27226319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,luuk86,This game is still as good as in the old days.The new graphics look great but the gameplay still stays the same.Nostalgia all the way!
76561198068366215,Recommended,237630,27355725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darlowea,the game broke trying to fight a boss... hasnt worked since
,Recommended,237630,27343575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nwolf,The same old feeling
76561197969829971,Recommended,237630,27015991,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bernstein,"Took me back a few years, worth it just for that.ever frustrating with a keyboard though I suspect it's really meant to be played with a controllermaybe there should be a ""controller suggested"" instead of ""controller supported"""
76561198052348800,Recommended,237630,27023480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,licht12,What can I say about the glorious nostalgia  that is this game.  Take  what is  widely considered one of the best games on the NES update the graphics and sound and add a few other treats.  I  do not consider my self a retro gamer but i do make a few exceptions for beloved titles from when i was a wee  button masher.  This is one of them.  If you wantt to know what a perfect well balanced and well programed NES game was like this is it. Good  for bother experianced Gamers and  gentle enough for  the ones that dont quite have the skills but want to see the story unfold
,Recommended,237630,12960802,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Treiskaideka,Great game. Nostalgica pure. maybe a bit short but replay value is there!
76561198071537526,Recommended,237630,26845046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zero,The Original was a masterpiece of its time and this one doesn't fall far behind
,Recommended,237630,26846905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,positive,"The best classic Disney themed game available on Steam. I admit, I haven't played the original, but this game is fun, plays good and looks good, too."
76561197988650549,Recommended,237630,26914061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Diving Naked Fat Man,"I was addicted to the original on the NES, and this satisfied that itch! Controller is a must as they don't pull too many punches, like the original.If you enjoyed the original you will likely enjoy the remaster as well."
,Recommended,237630,26934045,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krystdraga,There's not much I can say about Ducktales: Remastered. It's updated remake to the NES classic and I really enjoyed playing it. I HAVE played this game before so I'm writing this review because I didn't have time to do that before. I can really recommend this anyone who loved NES Ducktales!
76561198062922439,Recommended,237630,25569757,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,"Very nice game, especially for those who played it back on the NES system.Quite simple in it's mechanics, biggest strenght is it's updated graphics in acartoonish style and nostalgia.Reccomended for fans"
76561198037385022,Recommended,237630,25555995,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,LordHengun,"This game definitely plays on your nostalgia - but not in a bad way. I think this game captures the essence of the original and updates it for a modern audience while retaining what made the original game special.You can look at this game in two distinct ways; either in the context of the original game/show or outside that context.Looking at it simply as a platform game, I think it is great! It relies on a pogo jump mechanic which is really satisfying and leads to interesting, unique level design. It is definitely a bit cutscene-heavy, but all cinematics can be skipped (but if you're a fan of the show you wouldn't want to - more on that later). At first, I felt like the movement speed was a tad too slow, but I got used to it, and the levels are designed with this speed in mind. The challenge has been ramped up compared to the original, which I can appreciate; it makes it feel as difficult as the original did when I played it as a kid. I particularly like how all the bosses have expanded move sets to make the battles more difficult and unpredictable. Overall, it is a bright, colorful and fun game which appeals to adults and children alike; the music stands out as particularly good. Jake Kaufman (Shovel Knight) did a fantastic job adapting the themes from the original, which leads me to the other way of looking at the game: in the context of the DuckTales franchise.The primary demographic for this game definitely seems to be people who grew up watching the show, and as a piece of fan servive, it does not disappoint. It has tons of unlockable concept art, sketches etc. which can be tedious to unlock (you use the gold you pick up in-game to ""buy"" the art), but is a nice touch. You can go into the money bin and dive into the pile of money, just like in the intro to the show; this has no gameplay function and they did not have to put it in, but it feels really good!Like I mentioned above, the game is cutscene-heavy, but the team managed to bring back all the original voice cast from the show (some, sadly, for the last time), and it is a joy to be able to experience what is essentially an episode of the show again. The story expands on the thread-bare story from the original game, and concludes with a new level (with AMAZING original music) instead of going straight into the final boss battle after finishing all the levels.Something that struck me while playing this game is that it might serve as a conversation starter between my generation and the next. This is a game I could see parents playing with their children, which can lead to them exploring the DuckTales TV show (which totally holds up, by the way), but might also spark a conversation about how gaming used to look like; who knows, maybe this game is a gateway to the old NES classics?I can highly recommend this game to anyone who doesn't mind getting their nostalgia played like a ukulele; as a game it is competent, challenging and fun, but as a piece of fan service and a nod to times gone by, it can be something really special."
,Recommended,237630,15277312,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ravalad,"A game was kinda short for me. I was hoping that they are gonna do the remake from both old Ducktales games together. But besides that I enjoyed it a lot. It's a well made remake of a classic game from childhood. Game has the same charming atmosphere as it's protagonist enchance with graphics which match requirements of XXI century gamers. Soundtrack is great, voices of characters well chosen.I hope they're gonna do remastered version of Ducktales II as well. Darkwind Duck wouldn't be bad as well. But most of all I would LOVE to see the remastered version of Chip & Dale!!!"
,Recommended,237630,922767,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Johangir,YOU CAN ACTUALLY DIVE INTO AND SWIM AROUND SCROOGE'S MONEY PIT. ♥♥♥♥ING SOLD.
,Recommended,237630,27379891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eclipdic,Just as good as when I remember playing it on Game Boy only better visuals
76561198067312562,Recommended,237630,27382605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ticoloco,"Childhood classic, Love it!"
,Recommended,237630,7101068,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,MLPextremelover,"A classic and amazing side scroller that everyone should try, the music, gameplay and art work are fantastic. I personally, cannot describe how much i love this game. WOo-HOo"
76561198116516662,Not Recommended,237630,21297988,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,quickstraw,"*update*It's Capcom Weekend, and I saw this game on sale again. The bug is still not fixed. Today I almost had it beat on Hard, guess what, it crashed during the final boss(I had the recommended fix on btw.). There is also an extreme dificultythat allows no continues/saving. So if you want to risk playing all levels till the end(I'd guess approx 30-45+min gameplay) and having the game freeze in the end go ahead. If this was a small trying Company trying their best and this was somekind of prerelease alpha I'd say just buy it anyway. But this is Capcom a giant Veteran of gaming. They just don't care. I paid real money for this, and in retrospect, I wouldn't even pay for it in monopoly dollars.I won't review the game itself, because it's been done many time already just google it. The most Important to note is, that this game is horribl buggy. To sum it up you have a very high probability of the game freezing/crashing during the final boss. For me it froze up once after I finished the boss wich is even more frustrating. The forums are full of angry customers.  Apparently noone who wrote capcom got any answers, so no one knows what causes it, and there will likely never be a fix.. I myself am using Intel and Nvidia hardware, and as far as I know those are some pretty established companys in the Hardware buisiness(since many claim it's caused by inferior/exotic hardware).Since you don't get support from capcom or steam, your probably better off buying it anywhere else."
,Recommended,237630,27590900,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Syntax Sickle,Its the NES classic reworked to look and sound as good as you thought it did through your child sized rose colored glasses.
76561198066374805,Recommended,237630,27562121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spiral,Childhood classic! What else is there to say?
76561197970519052,Recommended,237630,28113860,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,StabinGrinn,"If you played this title on the NES and enjoyed it. Add this to your library. If you enjoy simple platforming handed and the Duck Takes universe, pick it up. The art is beautifully updated and looks better than the cartoon from which this game draws it's namesake. I enjoyed both nostalgia and the mechanics of early metroidvania level designs. The low  point for me was the final platforming level.Duck Tales introduces a timed event pushing you to complete the area quickly. This resulted in the decimation of Uncle Scrooge in my hands. Until the end level there has been no other timed events or complexity of obstacles to overcome. I died here more often then any other point in the game, My daughter watched for a while, laughed and scorned me, growing bored and wandering off. Literally more frustrating to me than Mile High Club in COD4. Once beaten the simple plot wraps and you will find yourself singing the theme song of our beloved Duck Tales family.-typos and errors I am sure. Written from bed on a phone."
,Recommended,237630,28111427,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Paladin518,Just what I remembered from the good old unforgiving days of extra mans and no free save point; Nostalgia... of throwing my controller .... j/kPros:Love the remaster art qualityA+ Platformer Game playOld-school 8bit musicDifficultyCons:I'm Getting Old.
76561197964092545,Recommended,237630,28064344,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WarHamster40k,"If nothing else, the music came out better than other titles of its generation."
,Not Recommended,237630,25085020,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SirEdward,"Remastered graphics, not gampelay.  Awful."
76561198126745117,Recommended,237630,25085030,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,GQsmoothie,"Great game, it reminded me of my childhood when I used to watch Ducktales, and also brought me back to how frustrating some platformers can be on bosses and such lol.I had no issues with the game freezing or bugging out like many have stated.Definetely worth a play through once8/10"
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,237630,20890085,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Iso Koala,"What other people say in their reviews is true; game has a game breaking bug that makes finishing it impossible for most Nvidia owners.Its a shame, as the game would otherwise be good. It has great art, especially the 2d characters are suberbly animated. Music is awesome, and controls are smooth.If you buy it, buy it for Xbox/Playstation instead, as it will be a mostly bug free version which you actually can finish."
,Recommended,237630,20887785,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Redpilljunkie,"I was really looking forward for this remake to come out and I wasn't dissapointed at all! WayForward was capable of adapting a retro gameplay to our era. The game is flawless the music is FANTASTIC, if you played the original Ducktales game for the NES you are going to love this new version. If you didn't, this is a great oportunity for you to try one of the best games programmed for that legendary console."
,Recommended,237630,20874865,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Prafit,"Don't let the fact that its duck tales fool you.  This is one of the top 10 platforming games of all times.  It has been reimagined in stunning HD from the original.  The boss fights are excellent, the music is amazing(I love the retro remix style).  I will never play the original because this is significantly better.  This game can be a bit difficult at times(try hard mode if you dare).  The only con I have is that I wish the characters mouths moved when talking.."
76561197978650037,Recommended,237630,21186661,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,donquixote_42,"Nostalgia is what this game is all about.  The NES game gets a facelift, great voice acting, music and artwork.  Unfortunately, even after a few updates, there are still some substantial bugs.  Sprite flicker can get bad to the point of unplayable at times... other times its basically non-existant.  I haven't figured out any rhyme or reason to when/why the sprite flicker occurs.  I have had one crash but nothing since then.  PC keyboard controls are kind of clunky.  Might be better with a controller but I haven't tried.Overall, 3 out of 5, goes to 5 out of 5 when/if they ever resolve all the bugs."
76561198197280625,Recommended,237630,21108602,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dodgerdog,"I had this game back in the NES days,one of my favorites."
,Recommended,237630,21201492,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nothing,You can't help but hum the tune when you play thing old-school game... da-da-da-danger lurks behind you!
76561198015156939,Recommended,237630,21337093,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ken,"I'm very sorry people are having issues with the game. Since the problems do not stem from the game itself, I highly recommend playing it, either on the NES console, if you have one, or after nvidia fixes their driver problems. This game is a  timeless classic. The music, animations, game play... If you love 2d side scrollers, and aren't from the NES generation, you missed out.The remastered version was done extremely well. For you older gamers, the updated graphics and music do justice to the original.My oldest neice recently sat down, and watched the first season of the series, and loved it. I can't wait for her to be old enough to handle a controller, or keyboard. If you have young kids, who either aren't into first person shooters, sports games, etc. or are just looking for a kid friendly game, This one is it."
,Recommended,237630,21504035,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,-FRAT- Suck-My Sal,"Witty, fun, raucous, brilliant, and still enormously satisfying"
,Recommended,237630,21438230,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sawtooth,"I didn't have any issues with the graphics.Game is very true to the original, which was excellent. A tad short, and the stuff you have to go back to farm money to buy isn't exactly exciting, but overall, loved it."
76561198030940757,Recommended,237630,21398351,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tiims,It's not as murderously difficult as I remember the commodore 64 version being.  A+.
,Recommended,237630,21067165,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,coolDisguise,"A great remaster of a great game - yet first things first: it might crash for you and I mean at the last boss and it might not be fixable. You can try to open up the task manager and set it to only use one core and it might just work, especially if you skip the cutscene before and after that boss, but it might as well not work. Fortunately, for me this workaround enabled me to beat the game.So, about the game itself: it contains levels that are reimagenings of the original levels and they're really good, they're well made, the music is great, the voice acting is good. Also there's now an additional tutorial level and another level as the final level (the story has been somewhat overhauled/made clearer) and you will still recognize enemies and parts of levels if you played Ducktales on either NES or Game Boy.One of the strongest points is the boss design: some now really look massive (as they should) and they are way more interesting in terms of attack patterns.So what's negative about it? Well, the crash bug that happens for many people (as I gathered it's mostly Nvidia users) of course and even when the characters speak, that's not animated. They might move, but they don't open their mouths. That's a shame. Other than that this game is great fun, and fortunately the cutscenes (which happen a lot and carry the story) are skippable (you wouldn't want to sit there and wait some minutes on your x-th playthrough).There are multiple difficulty levels, on most you can leave the game and come back later, there's (tested on a 360 pad) controller support, achievements and it might even have Steam cloud as it tends to go to ""Synching"" after quitting, though it has no cloud symbol in my library.If you feel like gambling on wether it will crash or notorare confident in your abilities in platforming and willing to skip cutscenes in order to reach the final boss before the 2h mark (which might be a little difficult if you watch every cutscene once and don't the rush the levels) so you can use the Steam refund system if it crashesyou should give this a look, when it's on sale.If it wasn't for the crash I could recommend it without needing to think twice."
76561198121429434,Recommended,237630,21058402,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Jaden Von Bat,"As a fan of the original show and with a reboot in the works, I HAD to get this one in my library sooner or later. If they picked up where the movie left off, that'd be great! Hell, I'd be happy if they at least stay true to the predicessor...Sorry, getting off topic here. Anywho, I like the animation and sprite work, very reminiscent of Wario Land: Shake It! Also, gameplay's pretty good, tight controls, learning curb (A rather shallow one for a Capcom game, but hey) and the addition of 3D graphics into a traditionally-animated environment (Or at least LOOKS traditional. While I've never played the original game, I definately recommend it for those who DID, fans of the show or at least anybody that enjoys a good platformer."
,Recommended,237630,20986808,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nikaslovakia,"I wanna start this review off with saying this is one of my favorite games I've ever played.  From the moment you open DuckTales, it's hard to not be happy. Right on the menu screen they hit you with a nice 8-bit remix of the DuckTales theme, reminiscent of the original game. This is just a sample of the wonderful music that is still to come from this game. All the music is very true to the originals with great improvements with the move away from 8-bit. Now the visuals. The visuals are great. Every level is filled with color and with wonderfully done backgrounds. It gives all the levels alot of life. I love the look of all the characters and the animation. It makes me feel like I'm playing a disney cartoon. And of course, the gameplay. Now this just pulls the whole game together. Never before had i thought ofusing a cane as a pogostick do crush my enemies but now I don't know how iI played platformers without it. All the controls feel very nice and responsive. The levels are simple but oh boy are they challenging. I feel as if they don't make games as difficult as they used to because some of the levels in this game took me hours and numerous tries to complete but they pay off completely once you've gotten the treasure at the end. The boss battles are creative and challenging. Once thats all said and done, my personal favorite thing to do in this game may also be the most satisfying, diving into your vault full of money again and again. I could not recommend this game more."
76561198055276814,Recommended,237630,21008109,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,experiment.lain,"Didn't play this game at the time it was first released but it is very obvious that the developpers put a lot of efforts not only to recreate the original experience but also to offer a new, enhanced, one. The graphics are ok, even if I'm not the the biggest fan of this kind of 3D. The music, not so much. Still a good oldies and fun times ahead."
76561197970724676,Recommended,237630,20787576,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Varrig,Very well done remake of the origional game.  Ideal for entertaining kids.  I run an Nvidia GEForce 760 and have gone through the entire game without any crashes.  Including the final boss fight.
76561198052381626,Recommended,237630,20663002,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Homeslice,Would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes sidescrollers. The pogo stick mechanic is really fun and that is mainly what seperates it from other games of the genre. I've played through it 3 or 4 times now and will keep coming back to it.
76561198012031982,Recommended,237630,20668709,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Scorp18,"A typical platformer with nice graphics and soundtrack. It's entertaining for a few hours but not as much as the other old Duck Tales game. Anyway, it's okay if you buy it at -50%."
,Recommended,237630,21356415,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Great Yoyo,"An above average sidescroller with a 10/10 soundtrack. I ended up getting all the achievements in this game probably because of the music. If you are on the fence about buying this, listen to the soundtrack and make your decision based on that. Even without the music its still a solid game, but there are better sidescrollers out there like Shovel Knight and Freedom Planet."
76561198067399356,Recommended,237630,21399607,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kat2kool,"Despite having never played the original DuckTales I really enjoyed this! The graphics and music were excellent and it was super addicting to complete and shoot for the really hard achievements! The story was pretty simple and silly, but it worked fine enough. (Note: I haven't had the troubles with the final boss freezing that other reviewers have mentioned, so be sure to look into that before purchasing)"
,Recommended,237630,20760073,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Fighter,Awesome game ! Feels very nostalgic. Brings back childhood memories...
76561198025811626,Recommended,237630,20732062,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Jim,"Plz update this game!! Everytime I play the last level, the game freezes, during the Count Duckula battle.. Not Cool, Not Fun! I've played it about 30 times and it frezes everytime, I get a Frozen screen and I have to close the process down, I am using a keyboard. :(-Ducktales Lover for life!Jim"
,Recommended,237630,20729084,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Laminated Parrot,"This is a review from Ducktales fan for Ducktale fans who never played the Nes versionIts really nice platformer for Ducktales fans. But there is no reason to play it if you are not familiar with the series. I bought this game 4 dollars on sale and its totally worth it, i would not pay the full price for it.Voice acting is well done and reminds of the series, the game is overall fun but a big negative comes with the last boss bug on Nvidia cards, when the game crashes as you enter. Also pogo jumping is a bit glitchy and sometimes fails to jump, or damage the enemies which is annoying, but it was like that in the Nes version. However, when you re-do a game, you dont re-do bad controls.Overall: For 4 dollars, buy it. Really nice way to spend 3-5 hours but dont spend a dime more. Its very simplistic, and sometimes repeative, which gives the game fast learning curve and feels rewarding as the game can be real pain in the tailweathers for first hour.However, dont start with Amazon level. If you manage to beat Amazon with just 3 hearts, you find the rest of the game way too easy. This happened to me"
,Recommended,237630,22054661,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,C@$H--[1138],Amazing remake of the original.
,Recommended,237630,2813304,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Magic Emperor,"DuckTales Remastered is a beautiful and faithful recreation of the classic NES game. While it may be getting mixed reviews online, in my opinion, this is a duckblur worth checking out."
,Recommended,237630,21823274,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,wrjs3,"UPDATE:  Good news, I think I've found a fix!  This assumes your using Windows 8. If you go to the steamapps->common folder for Ducktales Remastered and right click the executable (.exe) file, you can run the Compatability Troubleshooter.  Doing this seemed to clear up the issue and enabled me to actually finish the game.  As such, since the problem proved to be fixable, I'm changing my score to RECOMMENDED.HOWEVER, I think the points in my original review are still valid.  This game is still broken, and it's been left up to the community to fix it.  That still royally sucks.  Nor can I promise this solution will help everyone.  So, this is really more of a CAUTIOUS RECOMMENDATION.My original NOT RECOMMENDED review follows:Color me disappointed.  Understand, this is actually a really well crafted and loving remake of a classic game based on an equally classic and beloved show.  It's challenging, has a fun exploration element to its level design, and is packed to the brim with fan-service.  It's a great game--until it breaks right when you defeat the last boss!This game actually worked great on my system when I first got in 2014, but something went horribly awry in the past 2 years.  Maybe because of updates to Steam or Windows, this game breaking glitch was introduced.  A few seconds in the forums shows that many people have been having similar problems.  Unfortunately, it also seems that nothing has--or ever will be done to correct them.  For reasons not entirely clear, official support for the game by Capcom, Wayforward, and Steam seems to have ceased entirely.  A sign of the times I suppose.With that in mind, I can't in good conscious recommend this version of the game.  I wholeheartedly believe it's a wonderful game worth checking out.  Just not on Steam.  If a solution to these issues is ever discovered, though, then maybe I can give the game the MUST BUY review it really deserved.  Until then, color me disappointed."
76561198010109619,Recommended,237630,22404331,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Roasted Garlic,"If you liked the original, you'll love this. It's the same game with a few extras thrown in."
,Recommended,237630,23151240,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SpaceLordMoFu,"Perfect Remake!!! 10/10!! Worth every penny, and not too hard for the kids!"
,Recommended,237630,25445816,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoFastHog,Old duck not goes fast 10/10
76561197974049809,Recommended,237630,643674,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Leon.BackGD,Scooge is back =3=Classic platformer~ Nostalgic voice acting~ (if you love DuckTales =-=......)
,Recommended,237630,6613499,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Chris,"This Game is a great redone version of The original Nes/GB version. It's Well made, and while it has it's flaws . it doesn't take away from the game itself. GG"
,Recommended,237630,21584343,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Blacknova,"I wouldn't call this a remaster as much as I would a total rebuild. This is amazing ! the art work looks amazing, the sounds are even better now that they aren't 8-bit and there is voice acting. Capcom/Disney went all out capturing the hours of fun I had as a child with this game on my NES, 10/10 would buy again !"
,Recommended,237630,21307156,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,★☆ Destarian ☆★,"It reminds me so well my childhood.In general it's short game, but really great ;)"
76561198273753191,Recommended,237630,21237891,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Narse,this really is a very fun game.... BUT no Mac support and some PC users will experience a game freeze up during the final battle. Mine always froze as soon as the cinamatic started... This only occurs on this fight.If you want to finally beat the game you have to be on your toes and kill all cinamatics on the last level as fast as you can.Also you may have to play around in proces and work with program priority.
,Not Recommended,237630,21288197,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,NoWayerMan,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIt is BROKEN. The game crashes consistently, in the same place, on many users machines, making the game unplayable.Capcom has been aware since 2013, and has chosen not to address the issue.DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEsteamcommunity.com/app/237630/discussions/0/864976115482880816"
76561197991629639,Not Recommended,237630,20458461,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,slacky,"Very nice graphics.But there is no fluidity in the gameplay.High quality voices, but annoyingly repetitive.It might be a good recreation of the original, but it just isn't very good."
76561197972579966,Recommended,237630,20463968,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,LordSmada,"If you ever played the old NES verious, this is the best shout out to an era of gaming that just should never die nor be forgotten. The gameplay is as close to the original as possible. This is a nostalgic romance that hails to the good ole days of Nintendo games and LAN parties. A great buy, totally worth it!"
,Recommended,237630,20650781,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SPKx,Very fun and nostalgic remastering of the original NES game.
76561198073295682,Recommended,237630,20646819,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Aislynn,Good game that reminded me of my childhood. I really enjoyed playing it.
76561197961483694,Recommended,237630,88498,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Jaye,"Wayforward has knocked it out of the park with this one. A beautiful remake of a classic NES game. Most of the voice actors from Ducktales came back for this, and the small cutscenes throughtout the levels really bring this to a new level. Everything just feels right. The controls are very faithful to the original NES version. The music is incredible! The art and voices and the bit of story woven into the game make this feel like an authentic episode of the TV show.I highly recommend this game to any and all platforming fans. I also heartily recommend playing on Hard for a very authentic NES-difficulty experience. Normal and Easy players get access to a Metroidvania-style map system and take less damage. And if you do beat it on Hard, do try the Extreme Difficulty.However, keep in mind that this is a remastering of the original game. Outside of a nicely-done tutorial level in the Money Bin and the expanded final level, there's not a lot ""new"" going on. This is the NES game. Remastered. GameSpot and a few other critic websites out there seem to hold this against the game. Go figure."
,Recommended,237630,20496596,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dos,Rich duck simulator 10/10
76561198057923843,Recommended,237630,20652380,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,schtaunkton,"graphicly awesome.  Short game, but if you are the type that needs to 100% completion it's not.  I played the hell out of this on NES. And watched the show everyday after school. You might solve a mystery, or rewrite history--DuckTales wooo ooo."
76561198004285551,Recommended,237630,2223009,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,DaylightDemon,"Liebevolles Remake, schöne Cutscenes, ein Plattformer(jump n' run) der alten Schule. auf jeden Fall sein Geld wert, aber nur, wenn man das alte Original nicht kannte."
,Recommended,237630,20664852,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DragonTroopBeta,"As a remake of one of my favourite NES games; I'll try not to let my nostalgia get in the way of the review.Back in the early 90's I was playing my brand new used NES (I was poor, okay?)  and I got 5 games with it: Hydlide (*stomach intensifies*), Fist of the North Star (*rustles in chair*), Faxanadu (*wonders why nobody remembers that game*), TMNT: The Video Game (*pukes*) and DuckTales.Those other games sucked. They REALLY sucked. But I was 6 years old, and I had no idea that the N64 even existed yet. TMNT was the first NES game I ever played, and boy was that a mistake. I should have popped in DuckTales, because oooooh boy, that game was AWESOME. The music, the intricate gameplay, the CHOICES. 4 whole choices in a video game??? Never had I seen such magical culmination of technology and design in one sitting aside from watching Reboot.But what is the remake like? Take everything I loved about DuckTales on the NES, add voice acting, more levels, very close resemblance to the show's art style, good humour, a low price, and EVEN BETTER MUSIC. SmoothMcGroove is in this. F-U -Ceekaying, MELODY JESUS himself, Smooth McGroove. The music is absolutly what I had hoped it would be, and the moon theme blew my expectations. Just look up the Moon Theme Remix by Plasma3Music, you will not be disappointed. They even... oh no... NOT AGAIN!!!!!Life is like a hurricane - here in - DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a - duck-blur!Might solve a mystery...Or rewrite history![Chorus]DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodLuck Tales! Woo-oo!When it seems they're heading for the - final - curtain,Good deDUCKtion never fails, that's for - certain!The worst of messesBecome successes![Chorus]D-d-d-danger! Watch behind you!There's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to someDuckTales![Instrumental bridge]DuckTales! Woo-oo![Chorus]D-d-d-danger! Watch behind you!There's a stranger out to findWhat to do, just grab on to someDuckTales! Woo-oo!As soon as I think of those golden lyrics, I melt inside. I didn't even watch the show growing up, and didn't even see a single episode until it was on some Disney re-run channel in the early 2000's. And let me tell you... NOBODY sings a TV theme song quite like Jeff Pescetto. And that song is back - clearer, louder, prouder than ever, with some added instrumentals as well.As for gameplay, you get what you pay for. It's a remake, so innovation can only go so far. They try some new things, like a new level, and just like the original NES game, you can choose which order to do them in, just like in Megaman 2, for those of you who haven't played the original. It's  a 2D platformer where you play as Scrooge McDuck from the DuckTales / Mickey Mouse universe - introduced to cinema *I believe* in the Christmas Special ""A Christmas Carol"", though to my knowledge his actual first appearence overall was in a late 1940's Dell Comic book. Your main WMD is your cane - you can use it as a pogo stick to jump much higher, and if you land on enemies, they get the traditional Goomba treatment - 1-hit kill for almost all enemies, excluding bosses and a few special cases like mid-level mini bosses.Visually, there is a lot to admire, and well worth taking a stroll through the unlock section where you can browse an assortment of concept art, sketches, BGM files, and a few other things in exchange for the tons of money and gems you get by playing and exploring levels.There are a few areas I would have liked to see improved upon or added to the game, such as a more immersive way to find money and gems, like hidden loto centers, mini games, and optional side-quests. This would have panned out the game duration easily from 4-5 hours to 6-9 for the initial run. There is some replayability, but not a huge array of it, as the levels do not change when you re-do them after you finish the original 4 plus the 3 end-game missions. This is somewhat disappointing, as you need to go back and replay your favourite levels to get more money to buy the truckloads of unlockables.For fans of DuckTales, Scrooge McDuck, Smooth McGroove or 2D platformers in general, this is a decent title at a fair price. $15 isn't bad when you consider 343 Studios charges $70 for a 4-hour Halo campaign that you don't even get to play as the Chief in. Very subtle, fair purchase for just about anybody born before 1996.That is, if you spell ""subtle"" like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nhy2aNEPshw"
76561197971942320,Recommended,237630,20117406,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,soundman,"Did't you played NES?Then you had ducktales on it, this game is similar to that.The old one was better, still you can get this because it's a nice remake."
,Recommended,237630,20025156,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,『DEUS VULT』 神はそれを望む,"♥♥♥♥ plants, ♥♥♥♥ ghosts and ♥♥♥♥ all the other enemies you can't defend yourself from."
76561197992069722,Recommended,237630,8387779,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zetto,"I never played the original version but this is a nice little game, which people could learn from if they are intersted in making side scrolling platformers.  It's not a long game but that's because it doesn't arbitrarily make you ""grind"" levels to progress.  You get a feel for the controls and available moves early on and then your free to do the levels in which ever order you want.  Each level introduces some new play mechanic or game mode, which keeps things from becoming too repetitive.  If you have any nostalgia for the show, the old nes game or are curious what a quality remake of an old game should look like, you can't go wrong with this."
76561197970289988,Recommended,237630,8388539,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PanickAttacks,Great remake of a great game!
76561198102323441,Recommended,237630,8389279,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,lacey36,This is like reliving my childhood. I loved this game as a kid. The improved graphics make it all the better.
76561198046600984,Recommended,237630,5222205,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Yari Ashigaru,"If you liked the old ducktales on NES, this one will bring you to a whole new level.The graphics are fantastic and they even added voices for the characters.If you like old school stuff or never had the chance to play them, this ducktales remastered game will give you that chance. It is a must buy for anyone who likes platformers."
76561198035298144,Recommended,237630,8285105,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Your New Daddy,Hands down one of my favorite games growing up.  Now I get to swim with my riches too?  No Doubt!!
,Recommended,237630,8285713,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Alan,"Maybe we all have a subconscious desire to help an anthropomorphic duck accumulate vast amounts of wealth.  I enjoyed this game.  The art is great, the audio is great.  The game play is solid if a little un-original, and I can finally live my dream of swimming in a large pile of gold coins."
,Recommended,237630,8286084,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ivan K.,"It's a perfect mix of modern aesthetics with classic design. Complete with the original cartoon cast, blathering blatherskite, it's a damn good time!"
,Recommended,237630,8286278,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,coldpurplethumb,"I've been dying a lot during a plythrough, but, honestly, who wouldn't. Watch.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJjDSsAZ3g4&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,237630,8314009,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[キラークイーン],"As a staple of my own childhood, DuckTales Remastered is a dream come true. The levels stay incredibly faithful to the original game's design, the graphics are crisp and colorful and the soundtrack is incredible. I would have said that WayForward did an amazing job, had it not been for one major flaw; the hit detection. This has been something that has plagued any ""retro"" style game, whether it be remakes of old games or brand new ones. The hit detection in DuckTales is not only poorly presented but also incredibly frustrating. For example, pogo-ing onto enemies with just outside of their hitbox results in you taking damage, even though graphically it shows itself as landing the hit. Another example is during the Amazon boss battle, there is a segment where his head will fly from the background to the foreground, making it tough to discern where he will land/hit, which results in the loss of a heart. With the old-style sensibility of restarting levels or boss battles once you lose your 3 hearts, this quickly reared its head as this game's Achilles Heel. DuckTales is a personally beloved franchise, be it the game or the show. I still highly recommend this game, but I feel WayForward made a huge mistake with not patching this issue before release."
,Recommended,237630,8267559,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SinewySimian,"A fantastic remake of a beloved 8-bit game. WayForward took what was a fairly simplistic, straightfoward platform game, and transformed it into a handful of mini-episodes of the DuckTales cartoon. It feels all the more authentic thanks to a fleshed-out script and full voice acting from many members of the original cast. Do the frequent cut scenes slow down the action considerably? Yeah. Is the game a little more shallow than you perhaps remember it being? Yes. But for me, these flaws were easily overlooked when I realized I was listening to Alan Young and June Foray (both of whom are in their nineties) performing the voices of Scrooge McDuck and Magica DeSpell again. It's the best nostalgia trip I've had in years.It's not just the voices, though; the whole production is sublimely well done. The original idea to make Scrooge's cane a combination pogo stick/golf club was inspired, and the controls and feel of the NES game are replicated perfectly here even with the gorgeous new hand-drawn artwork. The developer retooled and modernized a few areas of the game, added in a new level here and a new challenge there, remixed all the original music, and topped everything off with reimagined boss fights that are both challenging and beautiful in 1080p. Hats off to you, WayForward... you're among the best in this business."
76561198055851658,Recommended,237630,8269006,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,WBTech,One of my favorite old time games and again one of my favorites since its out again!
,Recommended,237630,8269786,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,braussie,"I'm an avid fan of the DuckTales cartoon, but never played the original game, therefore my perspective comes from a non-nostolgic point of view.The game manages to capture some of the same charm as I fell in love with in the cartoon, while it's limit is due to the confines of a platformer... Meaning, it doesn't have the same level of story as you'd find in an RPG or Adventure game. Each location/stage is decently sized, and enough hidden gems to make discoveries enjoyable. The difficulty is an odd mix, as the concepts of what to do seem quite easy, it often is a little harder to execute for the average gamer.  I believe that type of difficulty is a reflection of the 8-bit platformers of yesteryear, where they all were fairly difficult but that's what made the game rewarding.Despite the game's moderate difficulty at times, it never left me frustrated enough to take away enjoyment. With this concept, the game also has a map to help guide you through seeking the items required to pass the levels. This helps give directlion and prevents the ""what piece am I missing? I've searched everywhere!"" feeling that many games leave you with.The controls are quite simplistic, yet work quite effectively. It is smooth and even, allowing you to execute the moves and strategies you aim for.The game also contains many  unlocks and goals to give plenty of replay value to the game, and make one strive to ""unlock everything"", which can give depth of purpose to a platformer as well.The absolute best aspects of the game is the ovreall art- from the beautifully animated and true to the show characters, to the voice acting (including some of the original cast from the show), to the music and sound effects, as well as the dialog. It's really a gem!  The way the characters move and respond to the environment is great, making the characters have life instead of being mobile inanimate object. The sound effects and music help feed the environment and adventure, bringing an iconic feel yet remaining its own. And the interjections of story with the voice acting and dialog is fantastic! It happens frequently enough to bring it closer to the feel of the cartoon, caputring each character as they were originally portrayed. Each character talks like, sounds like, and acts in the same ways I would expect them to.Summary: This game is very enjoyable and worth purchasing! The gameplay doesn't meet the same caliber of story that a modern adventure game would, but this game is a remake of a platformer, not a ""new"" game. It has the same rustic charm as games made during the orignal era, and captures the feel that any DuckTales fan would enjoy. Hopefully this game will spur some renewed interest in the series for the next generation, as this is a solid and enjoyable representation of what I'd expect from a Ducktales platformer."
,Recommended,237630,8288926,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,123,"I had this game on the original 8 bit Nintendo and it was one of my favorite games.  It's a really unusually well made platformer for a game based on a cartoon.  If you were lucky enough to play the original and are an 80's kid, you shouldn't pass this up.  Get it on sale and make sure you have a controller."
76561198079542462,Recommended,237630,8408512,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Danisaur,If you have seen the show this really takes you back this game is very colorfull. if you want a challenge i reccomend this game.
76561197989607632,Recommended,237630,8398352,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grimthwacker,"No rose-tinted glasses needed here - WayForward's loving recreation of the NES classic is every bit as enjoyable as it was back then.  In fact it's a lot more fleshed out with colorful visuals and a full script featuring the old voice cast from the cartoon.  Great fun, so get out there and do you-know-what."
,Recommended,237630,8398381,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Okasa Tsukasa,"If you're not speedrunning this game, you're doing it wrong."
76561198040947988,Recommended,237630,8402109,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MC Teuzinho,A good game to play.But is so long to have a level game saved.
,Recommended,237630,8317086,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Link_Mu_Shinigami,"While the game retains the same gameplay and enjoyment of the original, it has some very giant flaws that I cannot believe or understand how the developers allowed to exist.The first major flaw is the hit boxes. Either the enemy or Scrooge's hitboxes are way too liberal. Now, I'm not saying it needs to be pixel perfect, but it needs to be within reason of the pixels which, in many places, it is not even remotely close. So the hitboxes are really bad and loose in a lot of places.The second major flaw is, for enemies that take multiple hits (See bosses), they get an invincibility to them after each damaging hit, which is completely reasonable, however they then become like ghosts and you can move through them. This is bad because often by the time you are getting away or through them, they come back into being solid and then hurt you, all because they don't retain their physical parameters during invicibility. This could have easily been resolved by either giving a shorter invicibility length or by simply making them not become ghost-like on hit.Other than those two flaws, the game is very fun and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,237630,16579858,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BACCHUS808,I remember playing this game as a kid and the remastered version brought back so many awesome memories. a must have for fans of the old cartoon and game
,Recommended,237630,24150403,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,"Borf, I am dog",This game is amazing. The art style is phenominal. The characters are charming and the story is decent to.Even though I played on easy some parts were still challenging.
76561198163744619,Recommended,237630,28524972,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,- Ekorre ★,"Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck-blur!Might solve a mysteryOr rewrite history!DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodLuck Tales!D-d-d danger lurks behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to some...DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of daring do bad and goodDuckTales! Woo-oo!Not pony tales or cotton tales, no,DuckTales! Woo-oo!"
76561198092896581,Recommended,237630,28571539,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,markpackham1,"A very good remastering of an excellent game and well worth getting if you want a simple fun platformer. The character art is beautiful, the music is pleasant and a lot of work was put in to please fans of the show. My only complaint is the rapid spike in difficulty when you reach the last boss and the events that follow after it with dangling chain jumping occasionally being a fiddly process."
,Recommended,237630,82528,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,UnderOath^Ass1stK!ng,8-bit legendan loistava remake
,Recommended,237630,28018302,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,shens,"DuckTales Remastered is a faithful remake of one of the best NES games. This game plays just as well as the original with the same pogo stick, cane slamming action only a grumpy old duck can provide. The new remastered music captures the spirit of the original score. The graphics are fitting for the cartoon that the game is based off of. The voice work can be hit or miss, but it is fun to hear Alan Young one last time as Scrooge McDuck. The only major downside to this game is the cutscenes that will pause the gameplay and force the player to hear a story.If you were a fan of the original NES game, this is a great purchase."
76561198041057648,Recommended,237630,28259458,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Eakin,"If you enjoyed the Duck Tales TV show, or the original NES game, this is a game you'll enjoy for all the same reasons. It's clear that a lot of effort and love went into this remake, and if you're somebody who's in a position to appreciate that it's worth the asking price. However, if you're just a fan of classic games in general I wouldn't recommend it above, say, Shovel Knight. At $15 I'd pass unless the IP gives you warm fuzzies."
,Recommended,237630,27715673,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,antti.vierikko,"This is how you remaster a childhood game. Sure you may tweak the user interface and the flow of the game, and you probably should redo the graphics and sounds. But you keep the basic game mechanics and the plot and work to make everything familiar but new."
76561197971188230,Recommended,237630,27582376,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Voodoopitt,As good as it was back on the NES so many years ago!
,Recommended,237630,8387026,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RegiusSwe,Just like the old clasic with the original voices and all its AWESOME if your are the right age and remember this game all i can say is you wont regret getting it now again and if your unlucky and never played it all i can say is TRUST me and buy itit might be on the short side but it has all the classic game mechanics and yea it simply RULES
,Recommended,237630,27569981,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YoGattoGatto,I would really like to see Duck Tales 2 Remastered
,Recommended,237630,4725728,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,fabo,Great Game. Reminds me of my childhood and runs on every potato.
76561197968488460,Recommended,237630,27707301,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JB Prime,"It is incredible that this game exists at all, let alone that it manages to be more fun than 8-year-old me remembers the original being."
,Recommended,237630,3484549,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,GhostWolf1988,"I admit I never played DuckTakes on NES when I was a kid, but I finally play the remastered, and I never had so much fun on this game! ^^"
76561198113736599,Recommended,237630,28889943,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,captaquatics,Who doesn't love a classic?Expecially when the classic has been beautifully remastered!This masterpiece has been mazingly restored while still feeling timeless.Hours of fun. Timeless memories. The Ducktale troup that everyone loves. Well done.
,Recommended,237630,10881073,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zemos,A nice remake of an old childhood favorite.
76561198197234309,Recommended,237630,29960404,Posted: 16 February,all,lddake,"Love it, took me back to childhood. (I think) even if you don't have the nostalgic memories of ducktales from decades ago that this would be an enjoyable game. Intuitive controls, quirky dialogue, overall fun experience. If your computer is too good though there is a game breaking glitch towards the end that you can find out about in a google search. Luckily however it uses steam cloud and after a good amount of (failed) effort trying to get past it I installed it on an older pc I have and played right through it. I'd give it an 8/10."
76561197972061609,Recommended,237630,30068960,Posted: 20 February,all,willmsus,"Now this is how a remake should be done - by bringing it forward with the enhancements, but keeping the core gameplay and nostalgia intact. The way that WayForward treated this classic with all the respect and care it deserves makes one hope that they decide to revive other old classics in the same careful, tactful way they've shown here."
76561198109453062,Recommended,237630,29290507,Posted: 15 January,all,Arthur Spooner,"Ducktales remastered is a fantastic platformer with great gameplay mechnanics.  The mix between beautiful 2d animation and 3d textures is very unique and adds a lot to what is already a fantastic game.  The game is surprisingly challenging, if you die you have to start the level all over again and these levels are not short!  The remastered soundtrack is fantastic and sets the mood for each of the destinations you visit during your journey.  My only gripe is there is a glitch at the end of the game that I encountered after killing the final boss where my game would freeze.  Luckily I found a fix that worked for me and all I had to do was skip the cutscene immediatley after delivering the final blow to the final boss.  But besides that minor issue the game played just fine on my pc and I highly recommend this game to any platforming fans, ducktales fans, Disney fans, or honestly anyone."
76561198295614437,Recommended,237630,29712822,Posted: 5 February,all,IKON - Wh1te sch00l gurl_maga69,A hard game to paly at first but then gets really enjoable.
76561198049030924,Recommended,237630,29736282,Posted: 5 February,all,SuperSaiyanSwagger,"True-life story about how far the 1% elite will go to obtain gratuitous amount of wealth1%/10Actual review: Fun game, cane-bouncing NEVER gets old. ThoughIf you get a game over during the difficult ""escape"" after the final boss, you have to do the whole level again....."
,Recommended,237630,894040,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,รקคςєςคtคz,"A dutifully crafted remake of one of the best NES games of all time. It says a lot about a game when I purposefully drag out my 360 controller from the cobwebbed depths from which it has slumbered. The controls are crisp, and faithful to the original down to the ""hard pogo"" which use to get you into some spicy situations with hit detection back in the day. A tutorial level has been added, but it actually fits the game perfectly, and isn't ham-fisted, nor does it treat you like you have 4 functioning brain cells. The voice actors have all returned and do an outsatnding job, The music has to be heard to be beleived. finding the secrets is just as rewarding and satisfying as the original. I'm going to play this in bursts so I can savor every byte of it. The feels this game brought me so far, are invaluable. I would have paid 60 dollars for this easily. At certain points i forgot I wasn't playing the original.  10/10 - A must buy."
,Recommended,237630,29765302,Posted: 7 February,all,DoctorLevitar,"Ah Ducktales Remastered. I'll admit this game had me unsure at first because I was already aware of some of its flaws but then again, its beautifully-rendered 2.5D graphics and the music tracks especially the Moon Theme drew me in and it was what convinced me to finally buy this game during a sale.OK so what's great about it? The graphics are amazing as I've said. The animators worked so hard to recreate the Disney characters and they succeeded. They look like they leapt straight out of the cartoon and into the game. The music...good God it's beautiful. The Moon theme is great but the Mount Vesuvius theme ain't no slouch either. It's a new track and despite it being like this industrial dubstep/EDM sound, it strangely works. The gameplay itself is simple and straightforward but that doesn't mean it's easy. This is a remaster of an NES classic after all and that means a lot of platforming. Overshoot or undershoot your attacks or jumps and you lose health or die. Basically, it gives a decent challenge (for the most part).Now what's bad? Notice the ""for the most part"" above referring to the game's challenge? Well this has more to do with the game design. The levels prior to the final level are fairly the same difficulty but the last level is like going from a 0 to a 100 in less than a second. I understand challenge but challenge should be given gradually to the player not just thrown around like a slap to the face. Another notable flaw I'm sure you already probably know of is the constant cutscenes throughout the level. It just disrupts the game too often. I wouldn't mind if they were before or after a level but the levels instead have a ton of cutscenes in between and it really kills the mood. Now if you say ""Just skip the cutscene!"" which you could but if you're following the game's story (like me), then cutscenes are necessary. Maybe if they cut them down some then it could have worked.Overall, the game is still highly suggested. It may have the two prior flaws but it is still highly enjoyable. Plus, there are a lot of extras to get including the music, TV show concept art, video game concept art, the approved art sprites for the game and so much more. Again, it's not perfect but with what I got, I was still satisfied. It just felt so good to play Ducktales again after so long. If you can get past the two prior flaws, this will be a great game to add to your library especially if you grew up with the show. 3/4 stars."
76561198066191209,Recommended,237630,29770002,Posted: 7 February,all,Michael Bay's brother,"An absolutely wonderful, adventurous, and nostalgic game. The perfect amount of difficulty that makes it challenging, but not unfair, and breathtaking level design that hits you hard, but in a nice way ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). I, however, agree with most people that there is a bug in the final boss fight where the frame rate drops and becomes slower than a snail on a highway. I died multiple times just because of the frame drop, and I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off to the point of wanting to throw my computer out the window. I know your company is probably busy making other stuff, but do please consider fixing that. Beating this game is one of my top priorities, (Yes, even a bigger priority than school)."
76561198140279955,Recommended,237630,29791663,Posted: 8 February,all,Foxy Ladd,"Curse me kilts! This game revives the best of Duck Tales, both the cartoon and the classic NES game with improved controls.If you are up for a nice plataform-action game full of humor, you do not need to be a Duck Tales fan to enjoy it."
,Recommended,237630,29892225,Posted: 12 February,all,pjwestin,"Great game, smooth controls, definitely see why people remember the original as a classic. It's the most beautiful remastering I've ever seen, with absolutely stunning animation straight from the TV show. That would be enough, but they actually reunited the entire voice cast. Definitely a must have if you loved the show growing up.That being said, it's Nintendo hard. There's a lot of replaying the same levels over and over again, and you'll die more than once in situations you couldn't possibly avoid unless you memorized the level (which you'll have to). Generally, that's not such a bad thing; I actually really enjoy games like that. However, there's a portion at the very end of the very last level that I can really only describe as mean-spirited. Other than that, 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,237630,30258178,Posted: 1 March,all,DrNick,- knock knock-- who's there?- yourpa-- yourpa who?- your past is back!
,Recommended,237630,10339461,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Undying86,Great remaster of a great NES classic.
76561198094520415,Not Recommended,237630,28883447,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,walkerbright,"Probably not one of the most interesting games I've played... Why? The Controls are difficult, and I keep dying. Unless you know how to get around with the controls for this game, DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT, or you are wasting your time. :("
,Recommended,237630,31718983,Posted: 13 May,all,forgotn,"I remember playing this when I was a kid. Had a blast then, still having a blast now. The art update was awesome. It keeps with the style of the cartoon without looking dated and bland."
76561198120641459,Recommended,237630,31870073,Posted: 20 May,all,Mr. Manovar nr. 6,"Ducktales may now be getting a reboot, but much like Scrooge's adventures for treasure, this game is a fan's great adventure for nostalgia"
76561198025024813,Recommended,237630,31810496,Posted: 17 May,all,bcjc0724,this game is awesome!!! the best game ive played yet!
,Recommended,237630,31831381,Posted: 18 May,all,Foxy Vulpes,"This is an amazing remake. Its similar to the OG version, not the same. But still tons of fun. It is defintly worth the money."
,Recommended,237630,8211696,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Desten,"A great update! I played the original like mad when it came out. This one tells the story better and adds a bit more depth. Also, you are able to spend that hard earned money on in game pictures and music. Great overall. If you liked the first one I highly recommend playing this!"
,Recommended,237630,33473419,Posted: 12 July,all,bmac2021,Nice to let my daughter enjoy the games I grew up on.
76561198077106498,Recommended,237630,33067687,Posted: 30 June,all,davavalo,Example of a great remaster that was done successfully. This brought so many awesome memories as a kid; the additional content made this a fun one to play many years later.10/10. All classic NES games should follow Ducktails: Remastered as a case study in how to do it right and make these classics relevant again.
76561198009960818,Recommended,237630,32952995,Posted: 28 June,all,symblieye,"Can remember playing this on my big gray GameBoy back in the day.Good times, still fun!"
,Recommended,237630,32970424,Posted: 28 June,all,icy ice,"ducktales remastered is a decent gamepros:fully remastered version of one of the best nes games of all timeeasy to 100%good gameplaymeh:can beat the game in 5hrsneed controller for best gameplaycons:nonethis game is goodtheres not too much to say about it, its fun and you should get it, though it is shortoverall: 8/10"
,Recommended,237630,32971132,Posted: 28 June,all,unforgiven,"Very fun platformer and throwback to the original.Short, but worth more than one playthrough."
,Recommended,237630,32980852,Posted: 29 June,all,savito135,Really nice
,Recommended,237630,32890569,Posted: 27 June,all,Striker,"Great fun, they did a good job recreating the orignal game. And I just love hearing all the voice actors return for their rolls in the game."
76561198036101506,Recommended,237630,28020316,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Reisomen,Way better than it was on NES
,Recommended,237630,33973276,Posted: 2 August,all,tenchimuyo1990,"Fun and with the option of difficulty. I mean, I enjoy just listening to the DuckTales song in the background so maybe i'm biased.The remastering of this classic is well done to say the least. Everything in the game feels good.Controls and movement is tight and the animations make it enjoyable.Every sound effect is perfect. you'll enjoy finding gems to smashing enemies because of it.I love the soundtrack.You literally have a vault of gold you can dive into and swim in.The voices are perfectly accurate of the characters.There are unlockable extras, such as concept art, character art, music.Enjoyable bosses"
,Recommended,237630,34574766,Posted: 29 August,all,Asylum Bound Games,An absolute masterpiece. Original game was much harder but this was very enjoyable. I found some of the cut scenes to be long and boring but you do have the option to skip them which I did often. It was an absolute treat to see this game updated in the original cartoon/comic style. Even more of a treat that the voice actors were close to the original cartoon or were the actual voice over actors from back in the day. Thank you Disney!
76561198012901537,Recommended,237630,2806609,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,miniforce2,if you ever enjoyed the show or the nes game this is a must buy
,Recommended,237630,35051364,Posted: 18 September,all,Octopus Salad,Purchased for nostalgia reasons.  Remastered takes away from that a little but the game looks pretty.  Still a fun platformer.
76561198079863459,Recommended,237630,35037735,Posted: 17 September,all,DjSpaceCat™(⌐■_■),"Repetitive but still fun and unique characters. 7/10Life is like a hurricane here in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanes, it's a duck-blur!Might solve a mysteryOr rewrite history!DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of derring-do, bad and goodLuck Tales!D-d-d danger lurks behind youThere's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to some...DuckTales! Woo-oo!Everyday they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of derring-do, bad and goodDuckTales! Woo-oo!Not pony tales or cotton tales, no,DuckTales! Woo-oo!"
,Recommended,237630,35093496,Posted: 20 September,all,MLBlue,A great swan song to the original series.
76561198272560176,Recommended,237630,35278685,Posted: 28 September,all,DEADPOOL,I like the game but for the last battle it keeps freezing so I can't beat the game i still recommend the game but it might freeze
,Recommended,237630,35324172,Posted: 29 September,all,badplanetkevin,This brought back so many memories of the NES days. I am very happy to have this in my library. It’s always been a good title to randomly pick up and play. The updated graphics made me smile pretty often on my play through. Highly recommend!
76561198101513508,Recommended,237630,35391215,Posted: 1 October,all,eee31,Awesome upgrage from the original NES version. Amazing graphics and additional storyline make this a must have.
,Recommended,237630,35424369,Posted: 2 October,all,Tom,Nice remake with some bugs here and there (Dracula cutscene crash) but you can work around them.
76561198042614616,Recommended,237630,35462176,Posted: 3 October,all,Kage Sasurai,"Fantastic re-make of an NES classic. If you like platforming with a little puzzleish stuff thrown in you will like this game. Also a great game to play alongside younger gamers, although it is not entirely without challenge and novice gamers may find the bosses difficult without assisitance from a more experienced friend."
