user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,237850,23632760,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ragkousakis,"Warning: This not a review but a personal thought about the game.  If you are looking for a review go check what other good people wrote :-)It was 7 or 8 years ago, I bought a (long gone now) PC Gaming Magazine called PC Master.  In it, there was a game called Dreamfall : The Longest Journey.   ""The long awaited continuation to the Longest Journey"" it said.  I started playing it and that was it.  I fell in love with the protagonists.  Fell in love with the story.  But the second game ended and I was full of questions.  And then nothing.Years passed.  I finished school, I nearly finished my studies. My father died.  Life continued.And then I heard about a kickstarter campaign to create a third game to the series.  That was one of my happiest days of my life.  It reminded me of a simpler time.And today, at long last I finished the story of this game.  One chapter of my life closed.  But the story has not ended.  My life continues and this game reminded me that every decision I take, adds up to who I am.  And to where I am going.Thank you Red Thread Games for creating an awesome finale to the series. Thank you."
76561198043797603,Recommended,237850,33693005,Posted: 21 July,all,Your Uncle Bob,"It's not an easy task to review this game. The biggest reason is that It absolutely shines in one area, but then fails to deliver an on par experience in other. It's not a bad game by any stretch of the imagination, but it has some not-so-minor flaws.First of all, it's a 3D point-and-click adventure game, which heavily depends on dialogues and choices. This is the 3rd and final entry in The Longest Journey/Dreamfall Saga. It's highly recommended to play the first two games before playing this one. Most of the questions are finally answered and the story nicely wraps up in the end. Dreamfall Chapters has quite a lot of fan service: many returning characters, dialogues that hint to events of previous games, familiar locations, few easter eggs, etc.Unfortunately, the game suffers from the same problem most of other games with multiple playable characters suffer: consistency. Without telling too much, you'll be playing as two characters: Zoë and Kian. While Zoë's story is mostly well-thought and consistent, Kian's leaves much to be desired. Thankfully, the game brings out few surprises throughout the story and absolutely nails the ending. Despite the choice-and-consequence structure of the game, there is really only one ending, but slightly different paths to get there, so playing at least twice is necessary to get the full picture. In the very beginning of the game we are introduced to Zoë's powers, such as slowing down time, illuminating the environment and reading minds, but as soon as we're awake, all of those powers are gone. Such a missed opportunity, the game would've been twice as good if they left her powers intact and gave us space to toy with it. But we got what we got.Dreamfall Chapters is commonly compared with ""Life is Strange"", and rightfully so. Both are point-and-click adventure games, are heavily based on dialogues, are episodic, have the choice-and-consequence structure, have female leads, etc. But the main difference, however, is the consistency and brilliant writing of ""Life is Strange"" that Dreamfall Chapters simply lacks, which is a shame, since the first game ""The Longest Journey"" had the same brilliant writing as well. Sometimes it's a 10/10 and you can't wait to watch the rest of the story unfold, but then things start to fall apart. Fortunately, the final chapters more than make up for that.So should I recommend playing this game? Yes I should! Fans of the ""The Longest Journey"" would want to pick it up anyway, since this is where you'll get all your answers and a little bit on top of that as well. Environments, character design and voice acting are superb and some of the ""smaller characters"" absolutely bring the joy and the spirit of the first game. And the actual final scene of the game... well, you're in for a treat, I can tell you that much.Edit: The review was written before ""The Final Cut Edition"" update. After playing the updated version, I can say that the game is mostly the same. A couple of new NPCs have been added, as well as some characters have gotten a visual upgrade, for better or for worse. Also, a stealth quest has been moved from the main game to the playable ""deleted scenes"" section, although in the game the events of the said quest are still mentioned. And an in-game map has been added for easier navigation. All in all it's still the same game. If you want to play the old version (or if the game keeps crashing during cutscenes) just untick the update in your game page, as it appears as a DLC and not as a regular update."
,Recommended,237850,13117574,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Aya Psilocybe,"Book One:It’s been almost a decade since the ending of the previous installment left us with an abrupt cliffhanger while making us eager for more ventures of Zoë Castillo.Ever since then, the future of Dreamfall was uncertain, with Funcom shifting its focus to online games before finally being salvaged with successful Kickstarter funding. So how does the first episode hold up after all those production perils and is it a worthy successor of the Dreamfall series?For those of you who just tuned in and are unfamiliar with its predecessor (shame on you!), this story-driven adventure game takes place in two worlds, technology-infused Stark and magical land of Arcadia. Our heroine Zoë will start the journey by investigating the disappearance of her ex-boyfriend Reza Temiz, before unraveling a global conspiracy led by Japanese toy manufacturer WATIcorp. As you would assume, their real focus is far from making toys for kids and more on delivering a new, vastly damaging lucid dreaming drug to the market, something which will have dire consequences on both Stark and Arcadia in later events. Slowly you are introduced to new characters and find yourself jumping between worlds following the WATIcorp trail before realizing how small of a cog in a story they are and that much more is at stake.The story picks up several months after the Longest Journey ending with Zoë still being stuck in a Storytime limbo. It is an otherworldly realm now swarming with Dreamachine addicts and other trapped souls. Following the gloomy finale in The Longest Journey, WATIcorp has gained even more power and influence by openly selling dream consoles from previous game labeled now as “Dreamachines”, a device marketed as a tool for enhancing lucid dreaming while making most of its users highly addicted in the process. You will get to witness that side effect firsthand while roaming through the streets of Europolis later, tripping over many of its comatose inhabitants in street corners.At first, you will get a glimpse of storyline by helping other trapped souls and Dreamachine addicts in Storytime and later reconciling with our old mysterious friend Vagabond, who will inform us that both of the worlds of Stark and Arcadia are in great danger and Zoë’s help is needed once again. Before finding ourselves in Stark again, the game will briefly reunite us with another familiar face Kian Alvane, where we also learn more about his fate after the events in The Longest Journey. Along with Zoë, he is one of the three playable characters in the first episode of Chapters (I don’t want to spoil who the third protagonist is but let’s just say it is someone who I found quite charming and took me completely by surprise).Seeing how this episode mostly acts as something to entice new and returning players of Dreamfall, I can understand the lack of challenging puzzles in game for the most part. Usually you will find yourself merely repeating what the game asks of you or just combining items on few occasions but sadly that’s all there is to it. Luckily, that would probably be the only flaw that you might see in game, since everything else has been polished to the perfection. From the soothing scenery of Storytime (but only if we ignore that nightmarish wardrobe with slimy tentacles coming out of it) to the luminous and lively streets of Europolis – it is quite clear at first glance to where most of the love for the game went.Some older fans of Dreamfall might be displeased with the new voice actor for Zoë Castillo but frankly, that is something you might notice if you finished the previous game in the series only recently. And I assure you, beside that minor change the game does not hold back when it comes to delivering some quality voice acting. I can safely say that now we have a strong contender for one of the most adorable voices for a repair bot in video games ever.Speaking of Europolis, it is one of the few locations in first episode where you will spend most of the time and for a good reason. The whole city is gorgeously designed,  highlighting the contrast between rich and poor on every corner. One moment you might find yourself gazing at the beautiful skyscrapers in Sonnenschein Plaza before stumbling over one of the many slumbering Dreamachine junkies. And let’s not forget our old pals from EYE, a global police agency who will watch over your every move, creeping on you and thousands of other citizens in Europolis.In most games and movies, I always found the inclusion of lens flare nothing more than a cheap gimmick and what developers tend to incorporate when they run out of any other creative additions. But in this context, it is a feature which works incredibly well and adds something new to the whole dreamy (wink wink) undertone of the game. Dreamfall Chapters also does a remarkable job in pushing the capabilities of Unity engine to the sheer limits. Often i found myself going on short breaks from whatever game was asking me to do and decide to take an excessive number of screenshots instead. Even some seemingly bland section such as medieval prison complex makes up for an interesting and enjoyable location in the game.Another thing on what developers focused more in Dreamfall Chapters are choices. Just like in a certain Telltale’s post-apocalyptic zombie game, you will now be notified with a large text prompt whenever you make an important decision while having an option to see the percentage of selected choices from other players online which might significantly help you in making a decision. The real question here is will these decisions result in greater variety, establishing a different image of the world for each player or are they nothing more than templates merely guiding us to one of the few prearranged endings of the game. For now, I believe it could go either way. One of my decisions in prologue during the second playthrough resulted in having a completely different job and doing business with a new key NPC once I found myself in Europolis again. Every other choice implied we might only see possible results of them in upcoming episode(s), especially when I played with Kian Alvane. To be fair, I am still a bit skeptical on how my choice between pork sausages or cheese soup for boyfriend’s dinner might leave a significant impact on the future of both worlds but i guess only time will tell.Abstract:Despite the serious lack of challenge in puzzles and relatively short length (although this point might prove invalid later with the release of new episodes), Dreamfall Chapters is quite deserving of your attention. With its superb voice acting, stunning locations and captivating story which will only leave you counting down the weeks for the release of the next episode, I will say we have a rewarding sequel for the Longest Journey. After an intro as good as this one, it’s hard not to expect only the best from the next episode.8/10"
76561198033604792,Recommended,237850,20686488,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Meeg,"I like Dreamfall Chapters, but will you enjoy Dreamfall Chapters?Some things to consider:This is the third game in a series that started with The Longest Journey (2000) and continued in Dreamfall: The Longest Journey (2006).  The Longest Journey is a wonderful point-and-click adventure game classic: if you like adventure games and haven’t played it yet I highly suggest you do so.  Dreamfall (there’s no way around it) just isn’t as good.  This is not to say that it’s unplayable or that I didn’t enjoy it at all, but as a stand-alone game I wouldn’t whole-heartedly recommend it.In order to really appreciate Chapters you don’t need to have played TLJ, but, unfortunately, I really think you do need to play the original Dreamfall first.  Among other things, Dreamfall ends on a cliffhanger and Chapters more-or-less picks up where it left off.Chapters takes places in a rich game world revealed and developed over the course of the series.  This applies both to Stark, a vaguely cyberpunk version of our world set in the near future, and Arcadia, a fantasy world that’s the flipside of the coin—where magic rules rather than technology.I think the legacy of TLJ and Dreamfall is both a blessing and a curse for the creators of Chapters.  As I said, they started off with a storied, well-developed setting; but, at the same time, Chapters needed to continue Dreamfall’s story—a story that had arrived at a critical moment where sinister forces are on the verge (we’re talking like seconds) of upsetting the balance/taking over the world/ripping everything apart.  Marcuria, the city we visit in Arcadia, is under military occupation and the invaders (who have their own interesting culture) want to stamp out magic and replace it with their steampunk technology (and the purpose of some of these machines is very suspect).  Meanwhile, in Stark, an entertainment device called the Dream Machine has become ubiquitous and people are using it to escape the troubles of reality and spend more and more time in a virtual dream world.  From the very beginning one feels that a dramatic climax is imminent.Chapters is a story rich game (and it’s an interesting story), but sometimes story rich means gameplay poor.  The episodes where you have control over the main character and get to move around solving puzzles are unevenly interspersed between long conversations and cut scenes.  This is, to some extent, made up for by the fact that you’re sometimes given a chance to make choices which will affect what happens later in the game (Chapters sort of beats you over the head with “This choice will matter!” although there’s an option to turn those messages off).So all-in-all, I think you’ll risk being lost or not invested enough in the characters if you play Chapters without playing Dreamfall and there are parts where the game is light on interactivity and heavy on dialogue and exposition, but the story is an interesting one and in other places gameplay and story are balanced enough to satisfy."
,Not Recommended,237850,23654185,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,fender,"[POSSIBLE SPOILERS]As with many of you, I have many fond memories about the previous two games in this saga, so I really tried to like this game.But what have appealed to me the most in the previous games in the series are notably absent in Dreamfall Chapters: the characters.This series felt so good because it had such strong, yet very believable characters like April and Zoe, who looked so different from typical super heroines of other games at that time.We could easily relate to them because they were just ordinary people, like us, at the begining of their journey. Both of the games allowed us plenty of time to familiarize with the characters, and showed us many little details about their personal lives, like going to school, hanging out with a boyfriend, and etc before revealing to us how their fate would change all that in an instant, which made it much more believable and astonishing at the same time.However, with Dreamfall Chapters everything has changed.Now all the important characters start with a big mission from the start, and as the story picks up the pace, there's no time to spend on those mundane little details which are, however, crucial in making them really believable.It feels especially bad for Kian, who had limited appearances in the previous game but has been given much bigger role in Dreamfall Chapters, though without sufficient details to make him feel as familiar to us as Zoe or April in the previous games.And his story almost feels like the writer couldn't decide what to do with him, as his personality seems to fluctuate from one moment to another. In the previous game, he made various comments about how hot magical womens look in Marcuria, or saying that how deep an impression he had when he met April for the first time.Even in an earlier episode of Dreamfall Chapters, he looked to be such a guy who has led an abstinent lifestyle his whole life and he just begins to open up his eyes to the other sex, when he  awkwardly allows himself to be warmed up to Enu, for instance.But only a moment later, he just declares he's a gay so he doesn't feel anything about women at all.Earlier on, he said he doesn't drink at all, and later remarked that beer was not so bad. And in the final episode, he's going about commenting how he can't stand a Northern wine brand compared to ones at home, as if he was some kind of a somelier himself.At the beginning, he was presented as a serious, or even a blunt kind of a person, which is quite understandable considering his supposed background. But too many times, his character is abused to fill mandatory share of witty remarks which players might expect from an adventure game. But unfortunately, this series isn't The Monkey Island, and him not Guybrush Threepwood (or April Ryan, for that matter, as she had quite a few hilarious lines in TLJ).It's very unfortunate that we have such a fluctuating and underdeveloped character as one of the main protagonist in this game, as he deprives us much time we could spend enjoying more familiar characters, like Zoe or even Crow, and he's not alone in that regard because they have introduced many other new characters in Dreamfall Chapters, who feel even more shallow and underdeveloped than the character of Kian.Enu, for example, seemed she could become one of the more memorable characters in the series, but her potential completely wasted as the story moves on. The same can be said of the most other characters as well, as Dreamfall Chapters is filled with such cheap stereo types, like a girl who have a crush with the one who saved her, or a caricature of Hitler, for instance.Even those intriguing characters from the previous games turned into cardboard villains in Dreamfall Chapters, like Brian Westhouse suddenly starting to play a Sith Lord impersonation (and with that signature 'bad guy' mask, and force choke ability), or Helena Chang becoming a typical 'mad scientist' we've already seen gazillion times in movies or other games.A few characters which could have been memorable, like Shitbot, Bip, or even Mira are quickly swept aside after their brief appearances, probably to make rooms for what developers thought to be more important, like some out of place political agenda, for instance.You will keep hearing extremely exaggerated and obviously ridiculous racial hate speeches from a caricature character of Hitler all through the game, until thankfully he burns himself out in the last episode.And a cold blooded warrior in a semi-Medieval fantasy world suddenly reveals his most liberal mind for the one who wanted to kill so badly, once the target of his revenge begins a long tirade about how it is to live as a sexual minority.Probably to emphasize the importance of social diversity, people in a magical world of Marcuria show more ethnic diversity than that of modern European countries, but somehow they can't stand to live with those have blue skins. It makes them even more unbelievable as their Japanese, German, or many such contemporary regional names, as the developers decided to name them after Kickstarter backers, apparently.Granted, the plot of Dreamfall Chapters is quite complex compared to others, as it involves travelling across the multiverse and even shaping the reality itself by dreaming. But without strong characters to move the story going, and without sufficient attention to details, it simply feels like a cheap sci-fi comic from an artist with too big an ambition, and not enough skill to realize it. (And perhaps, the notably bad quality of animations and, in some cases, that of graphical effects have contributed much to that feeling.)Understandably, the high points in Dreamfall Chapters, at least for me, were those moments when I could get a glimpse of old, familiar characters like Crow, April, or even Wonkers.Thinking about those beloved characters made me realize that, however may I have been disappointed in Dreamfall Chapters, it's probably because I had such high hopes for the sequel of such a great series - a series which had so many memorable moments which haven't faded a bit, even with the disaster of this game.And it also reminded me that how hard they must have worked to create those games, and even in the times of financial difficulties, how they remembered the promise they made, to continue and conclude the story of April and Zoe someday. And actually kept their words.For that, I really feel grateful for all who have been involved in making of this series. Even though I'm utterly disappointed what it became in the end, I'm now fully aware all my fond memories of the series wouldn't have existed without their efforts.I suppose I'll play TLJ and DF again someday, when the bad taste DFC has left me fades away. And then, I'll probably stop playing at what I believe to be the emotional climax of the series, which was the moment when Zoe meets Faith in TLJ: Dreamfall. And when the credit rolls, I'll try to pretend I didn't know how the story ends and Zoe and April had so much interesting journey left in them beyonds that big cliff hanger."
,Recommended,237850,23276571,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kisra,"I played Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and completely fell in love with that game, so I obviously had to get the sequel. I love these games with all my heart- favorite series of all time- but I found myself a bit bored at times in chapters 1-3. Do NOT let this discourage you. In chapter 4, I felt all the flood of emotions from Dreamfall flood back and wrench my heart. Chapter 4 alone makes this game entirely worth playing, along with the in-depth characters, originality, and beauty throughout the entire game. I cried several times. Also, the decisions I've made warrant another playthrough in hopes that mistakes will be fixed. In Telltale games, it appears to me that the game is decided no matter what choice you make because your choices never affect the NEXT chapter. Not so will Dreamfall: Chapters. Each decision you make will have an impact on future gameplay. I cannot wait for chapter 5 to see what I will regret and cry over next."
,Recommended,237850,13523686,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ducky,"This review is written after completing book 1, and comes from the perspective of someone who hasn't finished any of the older games. Yes, in my opinion, this game can be played if you haven't played any of the others. It'll take you some time to get into it, but eventually events and things will make sense to you. Obviously it'll be easier if you did play the games though. (I won't discuss any specific spoilers.)I've heard many good things about the games, and when I found out that this game was coming out, I decided to check it out. I like games with an interesting story and choices that will affect how you as a player will experience it.The first thing I noticed about the game before I played it, is that two of the three playable characters are poc, persons of color. Now that wouldn't matter so much if they weren't good characters to begin with. Fortunately, Zoë and Kian are interesting characters. I have more to say about Zoë since the focus of the game was more on her in the first book, but from what I've seen during my time with Kian, he'll have to make tough decisions in later books.The intro chapter of the first book (which I will refer to by its title, Reborn) was amazing. It (re)introduces you to Zoë, what happened to her, where she is, and where she wants to go (which is a decision made by you). In the first chapter, it already becomes clear that she's unsure of her path in life, which makes her a believable protagonist if you ask me. She loves helping people, finding a good cause to work for and she's witty. Additionally, she struggles, just like you and me.I thought the last chapters of Reborn were a little dull. It involved running around the town and finishing objectives, and when I realized I was about to finish the chapter, I felt a bit relieved. However, that's not to say that the entire chapter is dull. [Zoë Castillo voice] ""Nope. Nope, nope, nope."" Like I said, the beginning of Reborn was amazing to me, and throughout the chapter, I've found many little things I thoroughly enjoy. I won't address them here, since I was surprised by them and that's the best way to enjoy something.The voice acting in this game is mostly right. The protagonists have good voice actors, so I don't have anything to complain there. Here and there, there are characters in the game who have questionable VA's, characters who have voices that don't suit their look. But these are small things that won't bother me in the long run.I don't know what happened with these games, and how Dreamfall Chapters came to be. All I know is that the community wanted it to be a thing and it absolutely deserves the praise it gets. Set in a beautiful world you can (mostly) interact with, believable protagonists, an absolutely enchanting soundtrack... if you like this sort of game, please don't hesitate. I believe in the choices I made so far, and Dreamfall Chapters did a good job of reminding me that they will all have consequences... and that I will have to face them soon.I can't wait."
76561198085577134,Recommended,237850,16041822,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Dewi van Rossum,"I give the game an 8 on a scale of 1 to 10About the heroesWhen i first started to play Dreamfall Chapters and started to get immersed bit in the story, it felt like it was one of the best games i had play in a long time. I loved the characters Zoë Maya Castillo and Kian Alvane and had a lot of sympathy for both, because of Zoë's captivating story and her way of handling things. Even though she lost her memory and is searching for meaning in her life, her search still doesn't stop her to be there for others. I also respect Kian, an Azadi who gets blamed for the actions of his people. Even when someone threatened to kill him, he still decided to help them.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=449955896The good bits:While playing the game I came across a lot of beautiful landscapes:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=450638385Also i like the idea that the decisions I made could actually change the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=449954789A few things i didn't like so much from the game:~The characters aren't walking so fast so it takes a while to get somewhere.(But at least it keeps you busy)~The mouths of the characters don't always move when they talk.(Didn't bother me much, but it could be a point to improve)~Both Kian and Zoë have a map each, Zoë's map is easier to use.~It is a terribly disappointing that after the cliff hanger at the end of book 2 the game is finished, because there aren't more parts yet.This may also have done away with the whole idea that choices you make during the game might influence the course of the later story.  :(  But we will see. :)All in all:I loved it so long it took to play.I enjoyed almost every part of it :DAnd I hope for future parts of the book to come soon!I give the game an 8 on a scale of 1 to 10As last i want to make a special thanks to Gao Li for helping me with the formatting and grammar of this review :Dт♄αᾔк Տ  Ḡα◎ ℒḯ =)"
76561198086777004,Recommended,237850,23617146,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,clor,This is a beautiful game with a great story! You should first play TLJ and Dreamfall: TLJ to fully understand the story and appreciate this game even more! :-)
,Not Recommended,237850,21656680,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,astronomind,"As someone who deeply enjoyed Dreamfall and The Longest Journey, I waited for years for the sequel, and I was completely disappointed. The only good aspect of this game is the graphics. Zoe is utterly boring and unlikeable, and the game pushes a political agenda which is the last thing I wanted to encounter in a fantasy adventure game. I have not finished it and I do not think I will be able to. Coming from someone for whom Dreamfall was a favourite, this means quite a lot."
,Recommended,237850,34170534,Posted: 11 August,all,Raylo la Voyageur,"This is it. The end of this unbelievable story, one of the best gaming experiences I've ever witnessed. But you know what they say, every journey has an end. Great continuation of what previous games started. You will meet new and interesting characters while reuniting with old ones, you will explore new and beautiful locations as well as revisit places you've been to in the past and you will resolve all events which previous games set in motion. This series could not ask for a better ending. And while I honestly hope we will get more of this unique world in the future, this trilogy is a masterpiece and must-play for everyone, and I mean everyone who loves original story-based games filled with deep, interesting and believable characters, enjoyable puzzles and dialogues, various and nice-looking locations and much more.10/10"
,Recommended,237850,23481468,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Nymstar,"I have played this one first. By the time I end book 4, book 5 was not even yet announced but I already didn't had enough of it. That's when I found out there were two other Dreamfall Chapters Games,The Longest Journey and Dreamfall; the longest Journeyand obviously, I bought those two too.And how I loved it. this game, the people, the worlds, they all have a special place in my heart and I'm heart broken that on June 17, the journey will end.I highly recommend, not only this game, but also the other two games."
76561198026705042,Recommended,237850,31538687,Posted: 4 May,all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"Dreamfall Chaptershttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917712626At the moment of this review I have played for 24 hours. I could go for another round to see a different situation.Do I think this game is good and can I recommend it?YES.Almost 1600 hands up vs 30.A few words about this game? It's... a Journey!! and I love Crow, and Enu, and Likho.Do you have to play the previous games to enjoy this one? No, but it would be better. This is the ending of a trilogy, if you ever have read a trilogy you will understand.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=914667693Graphics:The game uses the UNITY graphic engine. Well... it has it's limitations, do not expect awesome animations or movements, but in general it aproves. You will swich between Arcadia and Stark, and each one of them are really well recreated (magic world and Science world) As I always say, a picture really does paint a thousand words so... take a look into some screenshots or gameplay videos you can find around.Music:I love it. Obviously it not the symphonic orchestra but the music really fets with each one of the most important events that you will live playing the game. The ambience is also really acomplished but you will find sometimes that you have heard that soundtrack a lot of times but well... the game is really long in time...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917503996Story:Once upon a time....  two worlds, the world of science and the world of magic. Stark and Arcadia. Both worlds were unaware of the existence of the other, except for some exceptional persons who could switch between them or dream themself into the other world. And surrounding all of it, the Balance, because when there is light there is darkness, when there is magic there is science, when there is life there is death.But that balance is breaking, the magic is being under attack on Arcadia and somehow Stark is being affected too.You are Zöe, you are a Dreamer and you saved Stark from a conspiration to steal dreams from the people with a dreamachine and use it to mass control the population, but you went into a coma. Now is time to wake up.This is the last of three games that are linked and although they can appear old... well, I recommend you to play them.For real, this is the BEST part of the game and the ending is really... an ENDING.Gameplay:It's a point and click game. Well yes, you can use a gamepad and you will walk and run with keys but the essence is that, a point and click game with 3rd person view. With puzzles to be resolved that usually are easy and the different parts of it can be found in the same area. But, the strong point of this game is that almost all your decisions will affect the game. It sounds like a ""telltale"" game, like the walking dead. No... the end is not 100% writen and no matter what you do, that won't change. Here you can save one life instead of another for real, if you help one person in chapter 2, that person will be alive and will affect your future. If you killed that person, that will change your present.Negative point:Well, I have think hard about this... I find no negative point. Well, I would change somethings like the Unity engine, more npcs walking around... but it's not important, so... let's say I really really like this game like it is and I have really loved playing it."
,Recommended,237850,28108032,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,skeptical (extreme),"Truly an incredible game.I'm honestly not sure why developers like Telltale get so much publicity for making games like The Walking Dead while games like Dreamfall Chapters are lost in the Steam store. The attention to detail that went into this game is apparent, the only real gripe I have with this game is that it uses Unity so it runs like♥♥♥♥♥ but that's not really the developer's fault. The visuals are detailed, animations are smooth and actually a reasonable fps (looking at you telltale with 5 fps animations), and the story is cohesive. It unfortunate that it took me so long to find this game, and also makes me wonder what other great games have fallen through the cracks on Steam :thinking:"
76561198166807011,Recommended,237850,28116601,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,korytoombs,I recommend playing these games in order starting with The Longest Journey then Dreamfall: The Longest Journey then Dreamfall: Chapters.  It will add important information and a level of impact that may not happen without playing them.This is by far the best game out of the three.  The story is amazing.
76561198099004963,Not Recommended,237850,16588259,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Miss Maverykk,"Let me first say that I am a huge fan of the first two games, the Longest Journey and the Longest Journey: Dreamfall. They are my favorite games of all time and I have played through them several times. If you expect this sequel to be anything like the first two, like I did, then you will be sorely disappointed.I played the Longest Journey and the Longest Journey: Dreamfall because of the compelling and interesting storyline, the gorgeous scenery and because I grew attached to the characters themselves. They are the type of games that let you escape into a dazzling and mysterious world with interesting characters that you can't get enough of.Dreamfall Chapters started out pretty well in the very beginning of Book 1, but as the game progressed it very quickly became obvious that the developers of the game wanted to shove their political views down your throat. The political agenda became very clear. For example, Zoë is engaged in a political campaign helping a socialist party, Zoë has a Marxist best friend and then every other girl in the street is walking around with hijab on.I did not buy this game to play ""Politics Simulator 2015"" or ""Baby Simulator"" (if you played this game you will know what I'm talking about).Dreamfall Chapters is otherwise visually gorgeous, but it lacks gameplay,story and puzzles. It also lacks clues to lead you to the next point.Let me also point out that the dialogue is a lot of times vulgar and forced. They manage to squeeze in profanity where it's not needed. Dropping the f-bomb and saying sh*t several times in a single sentence does not make good or ""cool"" dialogue. It seems like they are using profanity as filler to make up for a poor script. The Longest Journey and Dreamfall are not known for vulgar dialogue and it is not something that needed to be added.The developers have turned a fantastic game series into something bland and stereotypical with political propaganda. Zoë has become someone I don't recognize, doing and saying things that don't fit her personality as I know her from the Longest Journey: Dreamfall. I am also sad about April Ryan.I won't recommend this game to fans of the series, but I will likely continue with Book 3 because I invested time in the other chapters and want to see if there is some hope on the horizon. I doubt it though.I will replay the original games but not this one.Summary:+Visually gorgeous+Zoës updated model is beautiful (except her new haircut in book 3).-Blatant political agenda-Lacks story-Lacks gameplay-Lacks puzzles-Poor and forced dialogue-Vulgar language-Short chaptersTINY UPDATE 6/28-2015:Book 3 left my mouth agape. It was VERY short. I have no further comments as my opinion have not changed for the better.Thank you for reading."
,Not Recommended,237850,32589709,Posted: 20 June,all,Kye Plays Fair,"I'm not entirely sure why I finished this game. At first it was to either leave a fully considered negative review or give the game a chance to pull me in. However, it just kept going and going, and I believe it became an exercise in stubbornness with a small dash of curiosity.Short version: This game is a good idea brutally murdered by it's execution.If you want to hear why I think that, here's the long version.This game is more like a slightly interactive movie occasionally broken up with agonising treasure hunts attempting to masquerade as 'gameplay'. If ever you get stuck in this game, I would advise against grinding through the problem like I would any other game, and instead hit up a wiki. It's not worth the waste of time, chances are they didn't give you good directions or it's a case of crippling level design of the kind that places the object needed to complete a puzzle on the other side of the map near where you started from, once again causing you to go on a treasure hunt. The map of Europolis is nearly useless. The dialogue is painfully drawn out with excessive monologuing. Often, it will prevent you running or, worse still and maybe even more commonly, ground you in place, forcing you to listen to the lullaby of poorly conceived gameplay.This game certainly adapts to your choices wonderfully. The key ones at least. All the other ones brought me pain. I'm still not sure if it was physical or mental. I am all for the illusion of choice. I believe it to be a necessary evil in this type of game, hell, it's a fact of real life. I am rather forgiving of it done poorly too. Many of these choices went beyond poor, into the realm of looping me at one at certain points because I didn't do what it wanted me to.The animation was painful to watch. It was so jarringly horrid it actually made it as a major point in my list. The characters stand there, spouting this boring monologue, standing there motionless but for their mouths that move like gasping fish. There is no emotion displayed through either face or body language. No the minor movement of eyebrows that occurs once every few hours does not count. I came across a cat that zoomed past me on it's loop. It was moving fast, certainly, but nothing that would usually break immersion so harshly. The problem was that there was no bob in the cat's walk cycle. It was as if the cat hovered across the ground, legs working furiously to keep up with it's body. Although hilarious, it was another straw on a broken camel's back.Endless dialogue, poor game design, and shoddy coding has me truly confused as to how this game is reviewed as ""mostly positive""."
76561198118598705,Recommended,237850,12600571,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,nightxninja911,This truly has been the Longest Journey.
76561198086337761,Recommended,237850,23629193,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RageQuit,"Simply put the best story you will experience in video games. Play all 3 games in order.  The Longest Journey, Dreamfall and then Dreamfall Chapters. You will not regret it."
,Not Recommended,237850,28599384,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,fash,"Really wanted to like this game but after slogging my way through I can only say I'm left with a feeling of what could have been. The story is so full of holes and fill in the blank moments its hard to get invested in it at any point in this game. There is just no natural flow to it and the overall pacing is awful jarring you from one story arc to another with zero finesse. The gameplay is simple but is not really well explained early on leading to some very frustrating moments that could have easily been avoided. As for the puzzles some of them are just so ridiculously abstract that you need to keep a walkthrough handy, its the only way to avoid hours of needless frustration. Solving the puzzles offers no sense of satisfaction either there is no great difficulty to the ones that arent illogical they are more like chores than enjoyable puzzles. The graphics are fine and passable and sometimes very nice but they are certainly not amazing like I have seen others mention. The game really chugs sometimes even on a GTX1080! Which is crazy. The animations are pretty terrible and the characters do not behave naturally at all. One final annoyance which I find amazing is that using an xbox one pad is not possible as you cannot use the inventory with the pad! I had to plug in my old xbox360 pad for the xbox one pad to work properly, really this issue has been around for years from what I've read and its still not fixed! If you want a game that will give you the same feelings as TLJ or Dreamfall this game is not it."
,Recommended,237850,24238201,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"It's good. Very good, but only if you enjoyed the previous games.It's more a game for the fans of the old games (I only recently got into the franchise but I really enjoy it's lore).If I was to play this with no past experience with the series, I'd probably hate it.It's very good for fans of the series though."
76561198035900635,Not Recommended,237850,16925842,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Citizen Cook,"Oh dear.I'm a huge fan of the first two games, warts and all.Dreamfall: The Longest Journey left the series on a cliff-hanger.  After just completing book three of Dreamfall Chapters I feel like I'm still waiting for the game to really start answering questions left over from the last game; to begin working towards a satisfying conclusion.Gameplay, (what little there is) is stale and uninteresting. The Kian character is dull and uninteresting. The Zoe character, while I like playing as her, is a totally different construct from the second game. Not only does she not even resemble the same character in the looks department but her attitude and speech patterns are different as well.Casually Discarding Damien Cavanaugh the way they  did in Book One was actually really annoying and felt like a betrayal actually.On the plus side Mira and shitbot are really entertaining. I just wish this game felt more energetic, like it had purpose and was leading us somewhere cool and interesting instead of wasting my time with pointless uninteresting errands.What is the link between Waticorp/dreamnet and the Azadi's White Tower in Arcadia?Why did Zoe say at the end of TLF: Dreamfall that Reza couldn't be trusted?What happened to April Ryan? How does she survive (And she does survive as evidenced at the end of TLJ) being stabbed and falling to a dark watery grave?And for the love of the balance, will we ever see Wonkers again?!If you were expecting any of these questions to be answered in books 1-3 you will be left feeling very sorely disappointed.In a way, I can't help drawing a comparison with this game and the writing of the Star Wars Prequels. Nothing really happened in the first two movies, everything was squished into Revenge of the Sith. Is that what's going to happen here? Will we begin to get some meaty story in Book 4 or worse book 5?This game so far just feels like a wasted opportunity to me. I'm hanging in there, but only because I've already pre brought the season pass.5/10"
,Recommended,237850,28229138,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Saga,"An absolute must-play if you played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey before.At first I played a slightly different version of Book 1, which had some different game mechanics as the current version but I enjoyed it very much.I'm someone who gets attached to characters, especially (or maybe I should say only) when they are well-written, and have complex personalities. So of course, TLJ and Dreamfall:TLJ had me completely hooked on the story of April and Zoe. I remember very vividly being 16 (8 years ago) andbeing completely heartbroken after April had died, and utterly frustrated that I was left with so many questions about the White Dragon, and the 'Undreaming'.So yes, I became emotionally attached to the characters, and hoped that Dreamfall Chapters would live up to my expectations and be able to answer all the questions while still coming up with a great story. And they absolutely did! The story has fantastic new characters, well-written and likeable (and hateable), while still doing a great job of weaving in old characters, or other familiar things from previous games. That, in spite of some issues which I'll adress later, made the game special to me and made me feel at home in the Dreamfall Chapters universe.Purely looking from a game mechanics point of view, I agree with several reviewers that there is a lack of good, intuitive puzzels. Ok, fair enough, therubber ducky and the clampwasn't exactly intuitive either, but it felt sometimes as if I just had to look for the one thing in the room I could interact with to solve the puzzel. I'm extremely happy they cut out the combat though, that was completely horrendous in Dreamfall: TLJ. There is a little bit of stealth in the game, but not too much and it works fairly well and intuitively (if you're in someone's line of sight, they'll spot you, fair and square).Voice acting is absolutely amazing,and I'm extremely happy that they had Sara Hamilton still voice April's characterand with the decision-making mechanic, you can actively alter parts of the story, and face the consequences of your choice. As far as I know,there a no multiple endings, but main characters will live or die based on what choices you make.Long story short: It's an amazing game so go play it, but not before you have played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey!"
76561198045857626,Not Recommended,237850,16745360,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ravez,"More suffering through the Azadi storyline.  I find Kian to be a completely uninteresting character, and I'm holding out less and less hope that the later chapters will make him more tolerable.  The games use to have a wizard of oz type feel but lately they've been doing their best to kill the magic (literally)."
,Recommended,237850,13216029,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,cardinalgray,It might be clumsy. It might have ridiculous puzzles and annoying pixel-hunt. It might feel low-budget and a bit naive from the game design perspective. But this is one of the games that touches your heart and stays there forever. Complex and beatiful story. Beliaveable characters you wish to exist in the real world. Elaborately designed setting. A Myriad of meanings and ideas delivered in a clever and accurate manner.Bad news: you won't get even a half of the experience if you haven't The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey. Good news: I replayed both of the previous games a couple of years ago and they don't feel outdated at all. And I'm quite sure I'll replay them again despite all good games being released every month nowadays.Many thanks to Red Thread Games and Mr. Ragnar Tørnquist for my personal Game of the Year 2016.
,Recommended,237850,28506954,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Paul,"I just finished Chapters and feel like it has been completely overlooked this year. Not present in any GOTY lists, many outlets didn't even bother reviewing it. It only has ten reviews on metacritic!Here are my impressions. I spent last month playing through (first time) TLJ, Dreamfall and Chapters.I have no idea how Red Thread managed to create such extensive (28 hours), almost triple A production on such low budget and small team (although yes, they took some time). I am glad they went to Kickstarter though, because I found this Dreamfall most enjoyable of the three games. But it was a good idea to finish the first two beforehand, the story impact is much stronger thanks to it. And of course, waiting for the full game to be released before starting it - also a good idea. But first, let's get the nitpicks out of the way.- What annoyed me the most was one interface related issue. The world is full of interactive objects and people that Zoe and Kian can comment on with their internal monologue. The problem is, many of them have multiple lines, but the game does not inform when the lines are exhausted. So I often had to hear repeated lines..which breaks immersion a bit. And all that would be needed to fix this is change the color of cursor prompts to grey or something.- Voice acting is, on the whole, fantastic. But there is a bit of issue with voice actor reusage. One in particular stood out for being used for too many incidental NPCs. The fact that it is the same one who voiced Vernon Roche in Witcher series didn't help matters. But he is awesome, at least. And I went through a bit of a shellshock when hearing Zoe for the first time. She is voiced by someone else, but I got used to it after a while, and in the end I liked her even more than in Dreamfall.- Facial animations could use more work. But I understand this was an indie game made on shoestring budget, and it already looks and sounds mostly incredible, so I can't complain too much here. It didn't hurt my enjoyment.- Puzzles were, once again, a bit too vague and obscure. Not all, just from time to time. But I had to resort to guide a couple times, because I felt like the puzzle just wasted my time. The locations are so big that sometimes searching for solution was like searching for a needle in a haystack.- Last issue, framerate. In certain scenes my framerate dropped to fourties. I have GTX1070 so that wasn't pleasant. But given the genre of the game and its beautiful graphics, I wasn't too bothered.Ok, now that those are out of the way. Why would I give Dreamfall Chapters 9/10. The writing, characters, dialogues, story.Chapters start out..strangely. The first two, three books almost feel like they are not even sequels to Dreamfall. Nothing much from the unresolved plotlines is being dealt with, instead it is all about Prague-European-Arcadian politics and corruption. But even there, I already hugely enjoyed Chapters, thanks to its atmosphere and enjoyable characters and dialogue (Sully, Mirra, Queenie..). And then in book four the stakes get raised, Chapters switch into high gear and it is one big revelation after another, right into the beautiful melancholic ending. Few unanswered questions still remain, but I don't mind that. I don't need to know everything. I assume the slower start was done on purpose to ease newcomers into the universe, which is understandable.The location design and their contrast, beautiful. Europolis and Marcuria, both more beautiful and bigger than ever. I enjoyed exploring them, seeing how they change with time and passing chapters. Europolis is a futuristic cyberpunkish Prague, Marcuria fairy tale-like medieval town. And so many great characters, of course Crow, but also Enu, Likho, Shephard, Nela and many others. Zoe rules of course, but Kian and Likho with their buddy cop movie chemistry, growing into regular bromance, were great fun to hang out with. The humor was always a part of TLJ games, but Chapters take the cake I think. All the Rooster and Kitten jokes, the interactions between straight man (wink) Kian and embarrased Enu.. What surprised me though was the swearing. Characters don't mind using some Fks and Cts if they feel like it. But hey, people in real life swear. But it ain't quite as kid friendly as the previous two games. One one last thing I have to mention, the soundtrack. Simon Poole did a phenomenal job with the music, each scene enhanced by the score.Anyway, I am glad I embarked on this Longest Journey. All three games were enjoyable. I am curious what will Ragnar do next. I wouldn't mind more adventures from this world, some day."
,Recommended,237850,24941242,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rupti,"The conclusion to the Dreamfall saga sure is an amazing one. This game answers the majority of questions left open in the previous games, and delivers some insane plot-twists and heart breaking moments along the way.Good:- Wonderful conclusion to an amazing story- Great writing, great characters, great sense of humor- Difficult choices that have unforseeable consequences- Graphics are pretty good, especially after playing the last 2 games.- Many great throwbacks to the previous gamesBad:- Too many ""find specific object"" puzzles, all of which are annoying- Wondering the semi-open-world cities was nice at first, but got old quickly- Not enough puzzles inside Storytime. Those were the only ones that were actually fun, and there were barely any of  them.- Animation during cutscenes is often very stiff and... well, just bad- Can't believe I'm saying this after the previous game's painfully bad combat system but... I felt a combat system should have been in this game. Kian is a master swordsman and it's a shame that we don't really get to experience that.I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great story - But you have to play the first 2 games before this. The story just would not make any sense at all otherwise."
,Recommended,237850,13213137,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,hikari49,"I've been waiting this since forever! Finally it comes!Beautiful graphics, intriguing storyline. The only downside is that the frame rate drops in Europolis and Zoe's apartment. Episodic gaming is not really my cup of tea, but I guess I'll have to make do.Very much story driven. You will have to play Dreamfall: The Longest Journey before this as it is a direct sequel. Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,237850,22819641,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,NihlusGreen,"Dreamfall Chapters (and dev's Red Thread Games) deserves more fans as it brings together dual protagonists (possibly a 3rd as teased in the conclusions of each of the 4 books) and two stylish looking worlds, one fantasy, the other cyberpunk Europa, in an excellent 3rd person adventure title.There's humour, interesting characters, and branching story choices that I eagerly look forward to exploring and replaying when the fifth and final book is released.If you enjoyed Life is Strange and Telltale Games you'll like this one also."
76561198013981893,Recommended,237850,12633516,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Charisma,"Great game and I am really looking forward to the next chapters, I think our long wait have been worth it!! Dreamfall chapters seems structurally similar to ""the walking dead"" game, where choices with consequences seems to be one of the main features, as well as the episodic content. However, unlike the walking dead - this game actually seems like the choices matter more and have real impact compared to ""the walking dead"". The setting is fantastic, the characters are very good as well - especially Zoe.Pros:- The music is immersive, and really really good.- Story is very interesting, very unique.- Zoe is a great character! And there are few games with female protagonists, which is something this industry definitely needs more of.Cons:-A couple ""objectives"" are not very intuitive, and you kinda run around without knowing what to do, this could be improved, but I imagine this to be a question of taste. Regardless, this is a minor issue.- Facial animations could be better.- The city seems poorly optimized performance wise, but it is playable.I would recommend this game to anyone that likes a good story, and making choices. I really liked it, and look forward to new chapters!!! :)The game moves a bit slower than many other games out there, so I would recommend that the player have a bit of patience in order to enjoy it, certain things aren't very intutive and might take a bit of time to figure out - but nothing is hard by any means."
76561198004678281,Recommended,237850,25805331,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Candy Corpse,"I only write Reviews when a game sucks.. or is absolutely outstanding.This game is the later.+ Awesome storyline+ nice graphics with awesome visuals+ Well done 3 dimensional characters with development+ Never boring+ extremely rewarding ending that ties up (almost) all lose ends.~ You might want to play Part 1 + 2 before playing this game, since they are very closely connected and many things are lost without the knowledge."
,Recommended,237850,23624988,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Novariko,"I just finished the final book so im still emotional right now about it but god. What a great game (and possible end to the series)I LOVE TLJ and Dreamfall, didnt play them when they came out but god, those games were so good. And Chapters doesnt disappoint. Great story, amazing character, funny dialogue, emotional moments, many tears, etc.etc.etc.I feel like anytime I talk about this series or someone asks me what it's about, I just can't help myself and gush about how much I love it.Ran into minor graphical problems pre-patches, I dont think I've run into anything gamebreaking. As far as I know all (or most as of now, might be some in new book) gamebreaking bugs have been fixed.Alll in all, playing these games was a wonderful experience and I'm very glad that I did."
,Recommended,237850,33707765,Posted: 21 July,all,iRhuel,"The original Longest Journey (2000) remains one of the most cherished and formative gaming experiences of my life. Even then, the gameplay itself was not particularly engaging or even enjoyable. That was never the series' strong point, and Chapters is no different.Where TLJ Chapters shines is in its unique worldbuilding and engaging story telling. Its marriage of dystopian sci-fi and high fantasy serves as the perfect backdrop for each of its hero's/heroine's transformative journey. Along the way are plenty of fantastical-yet-somehow-believable locales, and colorful and (usually) endearing characters.While there are some sequences that are marred by either buggy or frustrating gameplay, or lapses in narrative progression, by and large it's a deeply satisfying story to experience."
,Recommended,237850,32163823,Posted: 3 June,all,Limore,Great story and universe. Nice characters. Wonderful atmosphere. Didn't finish it yet but loved it so far. Would recommend playing longest journey first (I haven't so there are several points in the story which are harder to comprehend. But the plot is still very enjoyable and understandable enough)
76561198129674056,Recommended,237850,34797094,Posted: 7 September,all,evil_jode_atron,"I've played most of telltale's games- and I love them, but this game outshines almost all of them. Most choices (I felt- did have impact on my story)I purchased this game without realising it was a sequel some time ago, and didn't play it until now.I haven't played the previous games, and I'm told that you miss some detail due to this but still a fantastic game. I thoroughly enjoyed it nd will  aim to play the previous games (out of their intended order but oh well).The characters were great and I enjoyed the story pacing. I struggled at points due to there being no fast travel, but that's just because I'm not good with directions (even in game). The puzzles were good, and I enjoyed taking the time to complete what I needed to do without a time limit looming over me, as I'm not so confident with time constraints.I completed the game within three days of consistant play, as I just could't wait to start plying again. The chapters are long, which for me is great as I get so engrosed and compelled.The intricacy of the story is what makes me love this game, the charaters are unique and Istill feel there's room for more storylines even after the game is fiished."
,Recommended,237850,30334442,Posted: 5 March,all,hydramarine,"Instead of writing a long review, I will just say this. By the time you are through with this 20-25 hour long game, you will experience a sense of completion and satisfaction, the likes of which you get from masterpieces such as Witcher III or Life is Strange.I don't usually follow individuals in video game industry but ever since I played the first Longest Journey in 2007, I have been following the games of Ragnar Tørnquist. He has a brand-like style when it comes to complex worlds and stories. Once again he delivers with the 3rd game in the series.A must-play for fans of good story-telling."
,Recommended,237850,22932066,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Candisemo,"Written before the release of Book 5Beautiful story and graphics with challenging puzzles. The characters are culturally diverse and refreshing. Before you play this game, you NEED to either play Dreamfall: The Longest Journey or watch a complete play-through of it. I skipped playing the first one and haven't had any confusing questions about the story line but the second installment is a must.I've encountered two glitches that were just black screens and were fixed with closing the game and relaunching. It wasn't a big deal because the game auto saves.Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10, mostly because I've been waiting way too long for the last update (Book 5)."
,Recommended,237850,16787420,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Cretz,"I already played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall before this game.I'm usually a bit sceptical when great series get continued after such a long time.But this game definitely exceeds all my expectations so far.The story and the characters are so deep, interesting and complex. It's just fantastic!The game also has a rather long playtime. I already have 26 h on record after finishing book 3!If you already played another game from this series you will love this one too.If you are new to the series, but like games with a rich story, you will love this game."
76561198000016600,Not Recommended,237850,16737260,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,*****,"This game has great potential and I'd really want to like it, but it has many problems. The game is full of annoying puzzles, pointless erands, flat/unwitty dialogue and you don't really get anything good until after second half of episode three. To get this point, you need to suffer through roughly 10 hours of boringness. The last two episodes do have better storytelling and final episode does resolve the open issues from the original Dreamfall. Still, as a whole, the game is very mixed bag and I can't help but to feel unsatisfied after playing it.Problems (detailed list):1) Most of the puzzles are about finding right place to click and then clicking them in right order. Often you have good idea what you're supposed to do, but just can't find any way to do it. It's easy to miss interaction points and the game often hides them until you have completed all previous steps.2) Uninteresting characters, flat dialoque and everything is boring and monotone. I mean adventure games should be fun, witty or at least somehow exciting. This game just isn't. Last episodes are little bit better in this regard, but first episodes are just horrible.3) Filler content (lots of it). I can't help but to feel that some of the puzzles/tasks are there just strech the playing time. The episodic format is probably partly to blame. Each episode needs to be have decent length even if storywise the episode could be shorter.4) Uninteresting story. I kind of expected this game to pick up where the original Dreamfall left. Well... it doesn't. Original story isn't really resolved until in final episode (to lesser extent also in Episode 4). Instead we get boring relationship crap, boring rebels/magical stuff (which although has it's moments, we don't really care about) and other new stuff that is more or less irrelevant to bigger story.5) Character animations are just bad. Nothing quite ruins your character driven story like characters who look like they are some weird robots without any human emotion. I mean the original Dreamfall had better character animations frigging 10 years ago.6) Game is resource heavy (even after engine updates). I have two years old mid-price laptop, which runs similar 3D games pretty nicely. This game had parts which where barely playable."
,Not Recommended,237850,34840438,Posted: 9 September,all,🅟🅗🅐🅡🅐,"[SPOILER HEAVY RANT]As most people that have played this game, i come here as an old fan of the TLJ saga.While i don't own the other two entries on steam, i still own the original copies.Despite sitting in my backlog for an uncomfortably long time, i was still very excited to revisit the world of Stark and Arcadia. It was a well crafted world most of us had enjoyed years ago and i went in expecting the same old game i was so fond of.That was a mistake apparently.It's hard to dislike the game as it starts out great and agreed, it does start out incredibly fast paced but personally i found that to be fine. Most of the characters were established in previous entries. Fine for returning fans wanting direct continuation, probably immensely confusing for new players. My issues started halfway nearing the end. It becomes very clear that their choice of adopting this ""telltale-choice-related"" gameplay put serious strain on the writers. The game starts biting off more than it can chew with very disappointing consequences as a result. There's a ton in this game that simply goes nowhere.- ""Be careful, Dad. That's not Reza.""I remembered that line and it made me distrust him for obvious reasons. Even going so far as thinking the only reason they were together was because she was stuck in a simulation and was programmed to be in a relationship with him. (oh.) However, instead of uncovering this and having a plot twist where he could potentially be a Stark antagonist or have the option to save him? Nah, the character disappears halfway in the game only to show up in the epilogue like literally nothing has happened. Yes, he was a brainwashed sleeper agent but this was a plot point.. why? A red herring i suppose?- ""Zoe found the stickiest of the icky in her last couple of chapters and i found myself more weirded out than she was.""Going back to my impression of the writers being overwhelmed and having to.. actually finish the story in this final chapter, i felt this was glossed over so quickly. I get that she already went through a lot of weirdness so not a lot would phase her but learning you're a test-tube baby and getting double the confirmation on how much of a double whammy♥♥♥♥♥♥your mom actually is to only go ""oh, okay""..? The complete lack of emotion near the end (of a ton of characters, not just Zoe) just reaffirms they were rushing through things to get it over with.- ""Benrime""Multiple mentions of her throughout the game, would've been a small nostalgia nod to returning players. Jakai's sacrifice/betrayal was met with zero payoff, not even a small nod if she's okay in the epilogue for it. I'm simply going to assume she's okay.- ""Kian & Alayna""Ragnar says he always intended for Kian to be gay, i seriously find that hard to believe when he's made various comments about how hot the magical women look in Marcuria and the sexual tension between him and April in previous entries. Ultimately, even with Alayna shoehorned in as a physical gaydar, i don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about his sexual preference but i do have issues with how poorly it is delivered and how it contradicts established lore. I wonder what compelled them to even add this, i get that you get some brownie-points with the LGBT community for this but really, what did it even add to the narrative? Why didn't blind bob shout he was straight awkwardly? At least we get a boatride with what is probably the single worst delivery of the line ""I AM GAY"" ever. Couldn't we have skipped the boatride and seen some people getting rescued, Benrime perhaps?His sexual preference wasn't the only odd design choice for him. Early on in the game when arriving at the pub, he mentions he doesn't drink at all. later? he remarks that the beer is okay. Even later? He's comparing wines to the ones he's had back home. Which is it?- ""Saga/Lady Alvane/Deus Ex Machina""It was great to see the tie-in for this character, i could even argue her character as a standalone was actually pretty decent but her implementation into the story is horrendous. Little to no backstory. All we get is this shifter is ""special"" and her dad is extremely overprotective. Whatever plot point the game was trying to tie up or hurdle it was trying to overcome nearing the end, she was the answer. Why? ""muh prophecy."" I'll allude to it again, it came across like the writers needed to tie things up quick and what better way to do it than introducing a character that is (out of nowhere) near omniscient?quoted verbatim ""i feel like i'm playing life on cheat mode.""Another big shame regarding her character is how they gloss over what would've been vastly more interesting stories than the one they gave us regarding her. (Her learning about the prophecies. The war and her helping Kian become the bloodless king. All off-screen.)""I became amazing off-screen. Now go pick up my drawings."" I understand that in an ideal world, we would have gotten all of this in an extra game. My issue just lies purely with the poor implementation of it all. Beyond lazy and why i can not recommend this game.There's plenty more characters that are extremely underdeveloped for a story heavy game given the lackluster epilogue.Onor Hileriss (more like Hitleriss) getting nearly double the screentime as opposed to Hanna and Hope, Zoe's sisters and oncemore the lack of anything interesting regarding Saga and her offscreen action. At least we hear about Sully.I am fully aware i should be thanking the stars for even have gotten this game and in a weird way i am. Despite my rant and frustration with it i am grateful. I did enjoy playing but my god, the last chapter sours the entire experience.Such a shame because it frustrates me that i dislike the writing so much."
,Not Recommended,237850,29088070,Posted: 7 January,all,George the Crab,"This entry in the series truly defines ""1 step forward 2 steps back""1. Most of the old characters are cardboard cut-outs now. They don't fit the roles that were set for them in the first and second game. Most painful examples for me are Brian Westhouse and Robert Klacks, they are simply atrocious in this game and i refuse to belive they're the same quirky characters that i loved so much in the past games.For some reason they've decided to throw Klack's personality development away and make him a villian again, something his character is not supposed to be. The concept of Brian being possesed by an ancient evil is awesome, if not for the fact that they've decided to reveal that Brian's been a bad guys from the start and ancient evil has nothing to do with it, which makes no sense whatsoever.2. Constant SJW propoganda. Zoe is a strong feminist now that tries too hard to be a wisecrack. Also Kian is apperantly gay now which also doesn't make any sense considering how he speaks of magical women back in the second game. It just feels like they've tried to highlight every character by being a social minority to make you feel for them. Most of the new characters are empty shells that shove their sexual preferences in your face. 3. Previous games loved to make fun out of cliche's, but this game is full of them and they're all put in there seriously. New plot material makes no sense and is poorly explained. I couldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the whole ""first dreamer"" thing and i wished it would take me back into the Draic-kin era where lore is plenty and actually makes sense.Which reminds me that we've never got to see Chavez again, while promised. Few new magical races still remain a mystery, like grubbers. It has been stated they would play a critical role in the plot but it doesn't feel like they did.4. A lot of opportunities to build awesome characters were missing in this whole murky mess of a story that jumps from one part to another. A lot of stupid decisions where one insignificant part overstays its welcome, while obscuring a more important plot details. The only story parts that brought a smile on my face were Saga's, i wish this game would just consist of Saga's adventures alone while they would try to refine the true sequel's plot more. But woe, this opportunity were wasted and there's no turning back. What's left is waiting for the bad aftertaste of Dreamfall chapters to dissapear and just remember the good parts, while making up for the bad parts in my own mind."
,Recommended,237850,34270518,Posted: 15 August,all,KillgoreES,A heavily complex albeit enthralling story that deserves much more recognition than it receives.
,Recommended,237850,25644140,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Shyguy,"*I've updated this review from negative to positive*Dreamfall: Chapters was a bit slow to capture my attention in the way I hoped it would. The majority of the first three books are primarily concentrated in two major settings. For anyone who has played the previous two games this might be a bit of a buzz kill considering a lot of their charm came from a seemingly endless stream of places to explore. That being said, the two worlds of Stark and Arcadia have both been remastered from their 2D predecessors, and the results are pretty cool. Propast has to be one of the best virtual cyberpunk cities I’ve ever had the pleasure to explore. You can tell a lot of time and effort was put into making this city stand out and I want to commend the team for coming up with what is probably my favourite part of this game (seriously thank you).My one really major issue with the environments is the maps, which I found largely unhelpful. I eventually just learned my way around the cities, although that was after multiple play-throughs. Don’t even get me started on Crowboy, haha.As for the story, like I mentioned before this game was a bit slow to grab my attention. Similar to the previous games there is a lot of story packed in; between the protagonists, side characters, and general lore this game tells an epic tale. However, I think the story really only starts to come into stride in the last two books. If you find yourself losing interest by book 3 like I did, hang in there! I think some of the story might be lost on you if you haven't played the first two games, but if this is your first time playing a game from this series you can prepare yourself for some pretty interesting Star Trek-esque social commentary on humanity’s relationship to corporate power and greed. Chapters also highlights race issues (albeit rather un-originally), and class tensions, which I dig a lot.On to characters. I love Zoe. She’s changed a bit from the second game, but after what she’s seen, who wouldn’t? Overall I really enjoy her commentary, and the “choices & consequences” aspect of this game lets you have a bit more control over her character development, which is cool.  Kian on the other hand… I think they tried in the end to save this character (by giving him a hipster haircut and a weird sense of humor) but ultimately it was too little, too late. Kian’s backstory was cliché, and his personality flat as the soda you opened and forgot in your fridge two months ago. His story with the mysterious woman was largely unnecessary and frankly uninteresting.  For the protagonist in a game Kian is surprisingly forgettable. There are, however, countless new and returning characters that are quirky, interesting, and memorable; I especially love the bots. For the most part the voice acting is very well done.I've played enough fantastic choices and consequences games (Life is Strange, The Wolf Among Us, etc.) to know that Chapters is not one of them. However, the choices aspect of it does add an interesting element to the overall gameplay.While I think the developers may have stretched themselves a little too thin to make any one aspect of this game phenomenal- except I would argue, for Propast- the game is definitely worth the time and money. If you don't want to spend 30 bucks (which is understandable) wait until it's on sale. I suspect you'll get at least one replay out of it. Overall this is a good game, and I definitely recommend it if you are a fan of point-and-click epic fantasy tales."
76561198063026869,Recommended,237850,26053743,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,tanguy.piotto,Holy crap! What a game!! Definitely best if you've played TLJ and D:TLJ before. And what a way to end the game
76561198027634895,Not Recommended,237850,12724359,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TheTitan84,"I awaited this game impatiently and this is the result of more than 1½ years of production? Sorry RTG but you dropped the ball here. Hard. SOME SPOILERS WILL FOLLOW!The following recommendation is based on Book 1 and 2 and may be altered later.There are two things that stand out of the things I felt most let down by.BlandnessYou start the game out with some awesome abilities, a very interesting way of showing what has been going on from Dreamfalls ending. But how is this described as an adventure game? There is no adventure. There is almost no “game” either. The most exiting part of the story is that of Kian. There is some mystery, some story and at least one interesting character to chat with. The rest is justmehas it is so bland, so nothing, that so much of what you do, despite the “NAME will remember this.” and “This action will have consequences!”, feels so uninspiring and meaningless. Yes, they do matter, but the way these messages are shoved in your face over and over just gets repetative and you stop caring.For a game to be a game at all, it needs a block. In action games, these are the form of bosses or levels. In adventure games, they need to be puzzles, quests or social interactions. Something to block the path of the game that makes you stop, think, and maybe get the correct answer, or the wrong one, or just pick one out of several bad ones but bad in different ways.There are two types of adventure games. We can call them The Longest Journey and Dreamfall, as they both symbolize each side well. TLJ had puzzles, most of them were item puzzles that gave you a inventory where you had to keep many things that might come in handy later on. The items combined with the story to make it feel interactive. Like “I did that!”. Today, we have for example the Deponia series bring up this kind of adventure game again. In Dreamfall, this was replaced with environment puzzles and social puzzles, much like is the fad right now with The Last of Us leading the front. This lowers the intractability of the game, in place for a deeper written storyline, with characters developed much further.Dreamfall chapters is so far the worst possible outcome, where it has very few challenges. Kians Informant and dock puzzles, plus Zoes steam vent puzzle, show that the game developer knows how to do them. I am just so very confused that after two chapters, there has been basically 1 blocking challange.The social side of the story is abysmal. The most glaring proof of this is the shrink section. Every positive rewiew speaks paragraph after paragraph on how gorgeous the scenery and background is in this scene. I agree. But what seemingly every single person did was get stunned by the graphics, and stopped listening. The dialoge is cramped. Stuffed into a tiny box and delivered in the most awkward way. This would have been more approperiate if it was the first session but these characters have met eachother for 3 months. Everything they talk about have already been talked about before. So why does the characters edge towards eachother like it is the first date of two extremly shy individuals? The scene makes no sense, especially when the narritive throws several curveballs in players faces that have played the former games.If you fail the conversational roadblocks, the game handily removes the wrong answer you picked last time. It is hand holding in the worst kind of patronizing ways. Information as to what you are doing is withheld as much as possible. The weel of interface is severly lacking in descriptions. For example. You need to pick a suspect of selling out information. You can Eye each person in the market. Once you Eye, there is a Hand. NOTHING is mentioned on what these actions DO! You have to guess, and guess what? The Hand instantly makes your pick, no confirmation box of any kind and it is irreversible. Want to try again? Replay the entire game.My gutfeeling is that this was intended, as you need to replay the game at least 4 times already to find all of what can be described as story. But this also means that each character, including Zoé, has nothing behind them. Every character, apart from Queene, Mira and Enu, feels like background characters I will forget within 10 seoconds of meeting them, even Zoes background becomes just a blur of nothingness. It is only in the last scenes of each chapter where we actually see some emotions come out of the main character who up to this point has been almost zombielike in her way to interact.Leading into my next point, the game feels ""cut"". Events, social interactions, item interactions. Anything to make the gameplay stand out is utterly lacking. Again, this feels very intentional, someone saying ""Look at the pretty colors! Look at our fantastic engine!"" in a way that had the gameplay been more interactive, better and more emotions (for a test, let the campain manager get beat up. Listen to Zoes reactions. She delivers them in the most unsympathetic and lobotomized voices I have heard for many years.) it would have removed the players attention from all those great things.Another thing leading into my next point is the save system. You have 1 save file. That is it! You can replay chapter 2 with the same base save file of chapter 1. But if you want to replay chapter 1, you will automatically delete every saved action. Horrible, HORRIBLE made gamemechanic RTG. Every single adventure game, episodic or not, have multiple savefiles. So that you DON'T have to play EVERYTHING over again.TimeTime is an important part of this game. Yet I get the feeling the developers did not have the time they needed. The script is good. Very good in some places. But the delivery of the voiceactors are awful. There is nothing in them. Let the actors have time to get into character. Now, most lines are delivered with horrendously fake voices.Again, time feels off in the game. Chapter 1 takes place over a single day. Chapter 2 jumps a week forward in time. The story takes a jump. And it is falling off its feet. Yes, it tries to move forwards and in some aspects it succeeds. But it feels completley discconected from the first chapter (Zoes story, not Kians). If the first chapter was a demo, I would get it. And it nearly is. The second chapter takes about 5-7 hours of gameplay to get through the first time, where the first took 2-2½ hours. The sinking feeling that creeps in is that ""This game was never meant to be played OR created episodically"". I would still have respect for RTG and Ragnar Thornquist if they had come out in september last year and said ""Sorry guys and girls. The game can not be finished by November. We need another year to finish it."". Backers would have been annoyed but understanding. Developing a full game, from scratch, takes more than 1½ years that they had.Time is something that the game does not give. The replay value should be high in episodic adventure games were you have so many choices, but after playing chapter 2, getting 1 ending, I just felt ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am not playing through all of that again, just for a slightly different storyline."". This perhaps compared to Life is Strange I have been playing as well. Replayed chapter one 3 times, and chapter two 5 times. Yes, it is a shorter game, but I have more fun, and more interesting choices. The choices in Dreamfall: Chapters are not compelling enough to warrant multiple playthroughs becuase of all the boring♥♥♥♥♥♥I have to go through again. Having 1 save file is, again, horrible for a game like this.Conclusion. I can not recommend this game at full price right now as it is not up to par with what was expected from it. Once the FULL game is done, out, bug-tested and fixed, I may be inclined to change my opinion but as of now, do NOT buy this game."
76561198241086436,Recommended,237850,25063503,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Toucoon,"Loved this game! I missed some details in the end having not played previous games, but still enojoyed every bit of this one. Great story, beautiful world. Would play again!"
76561198026924921,Recommended,237850,14916465,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ShadowZ,Simply an amazing story based adventure game where you make huge choices that result in consequence and large impact. I've already blasted through all five books.A fitting end to a great adventure too.
,Recommended,237850,19809082,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nutmeg,"Honestly one of my favorite games and series' too. I could play this over and over again and never get tired. Little bugs here and there, but overall the game runs smoothly. Can't wait for Book Five!"
,Not Recommended,237850,16741261,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Alael,"While the characters and a few part of story can be ''intresting''  the execution of it is poor, Graphics detail  is very low and the technique used to archive it is even worse, Also the story/dialogue sometime are completely ridiculus, For not speakign that the game feels dull and new ''chapters'' do not bring anything that really feels ''new''Last but not least the UI is also terribleThe story in general may have been nice on paper howerver it dosent reflect in the game."
,Recommended,237850,33681246,Posted: 20 July,all,notthesun,"The Longest Journey series is one of my favorite video game stories. It is so well though out and interesting and unique..Chapters is a fantastic edition to this series. The story line continues to be compelling the entire way through, the graphics are beautifully done, and the gameplay and puzzles are interesting and fun. Highly recommend taking on this adventure."
,Recommended,237850,30204471,Posted: 26 February,all,Kugelrohr,"A review from a person who hasn't played prequels but has read its synopsis on Wikipedia to be aware of what's going on.Pros:- enjoyable and enthralling story with 3 characters and lots of locations- nice, smooth graphics- good, suitable soundtracks and voices- watching Zoe's butt makes long walking more entertainingCons:- sometimes rough, clumsy animations- gameplay is linear and some puzzles are frustrating- few possible interactions with in-game objects, making it even more linear- minor bugs and glitches, FPS dropsOverall, this game suits for those who enjoy good stories and don't pay much attention to details of game process itself.WARNING: Not recommended for those who can't catch and sacrifice rats for purpose!"
76561198118953981,Recommended,237850,23255000,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RiAzure,"Aboslutely amazing. Plenty of story rich content and beautiful visuals. I bought this before knowing there were two other games before it. I then went out and bought the two before it and have been making steady progress through them while I wait for the final chapter in this one. Its a beautiful story and worth the full price for the season pass. I honestly dont mind the wait, I'm just excited that Red Thread has been putting their hearts into this game and it really does show <3."
,Recommended,237850,23617367,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dante,"Dreamfall: The longest jouney was a good memory, now finally I can continue my journey in Dreamfall Chapters, what I can say, the best game series all the time!"
76561197983082568,Recommended,237850,12634463,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Blue64,"Dreamfall Chapters. 9 / 10The First Chapter: Exactly what I wanted from the DreamTeamThis Story is about Zoe after she breaks out of DreamLand. Walk around with Zoe and discover the world she lives in.I must admit that I was sad to miss out on the Kickstarter(secret - that is how much I enjoyed the prior Story - Dreamfall The Longest Journey)The is one of those slow games - like slow food.... It is good for you. Beautiful music, beautiful sets, and a beautiful story that is to be discovered one scene at a time....The GUI is quite unique and takes some getting used to.... patience pleasure peace..... point and click goodness the way it needs to be done.... The Nordic way...."
76561197999876965,Not Recommended,237850,29025840,Posted: 4 January,all,Alcedes,"I can't believe I'm writing this, and it makes me want to weep tears of blood, but Dreamfall Chapters is without a doubt the worst entry in the franchise, by far. While it starts of promising, and time spent with Zoe early on is as wonderful and charming as ever, the sections with a certain Azadi are just incredibly dull.This bodes ill as the story builds and lesser plot points are forgotten, forming a plot-hole ridden and bumpy ride that goes all the way to a phoned-in and anticlimactic ending. Writing 101, having a character the player barely knows show up and unexpectedly save everything with no explanation is a bad way to end any story.Character arcs are rushed and the ending leaves massive questions hanging while failing at tidying everything up, a symptom of the utter failure of the dev-team to build a full experience within the constraints they were given. It's obvious they were setting up for another game, but have professed they were so miserable and exhausted making this game that they are done with the franchise.If I knew this is what we were going to get, I'd rather have had the previous game be the last in the series, so I could have ended the franchise with a good taste in my mouth. Pass this up. If you really need some resolution, read a wiki instead of wasting your money."
,Recommended,237850,33057434,Posted: 30 June,all,wilsonfazio,"I loved this game. I bought a new graphics card only because of it!! Nice story, with good characters (and voice actors) and an astonishing visual. It’s really long and I got totally immerse in it from the beginning to the end."
76561198300583041,Recommended,237850,25046990,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,hamuzasq,"So... Where do I begin? Well, this in one of the best video games by far for people to whom the storyline of the game matters more than the gameplay. Amazing story to say the least. Great character building and climaxes in the story along with relevance to actual status quo. The conflicts, political and other in the story of the game are relatable to the real world. Other than that, great graphics, concept art, and choices to be made by the players that shape story progression. It's a fascinating game at best, no exaggerations. I hardly spend money on video games but I couldn't resist from buyng this one and it was money well spent."
76561198095150044,Recommended,237850,23649857,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,wojciechszczerek,"Well, after the great opening in Book One, some confusing time, scratching my head during Books Two and Three, in the final two Books I got to see the sense to the whole Dreamfall saga - right from the very beginning till the end. Although the game is more of a story we watch and shape, than a point-and-click where moving forward is a challenge, Dreamfall Chapters is an epic, engaging, FULL story in itself as well as the ending to the awkward Dreamfall, which has left many in suspense.Hope Ragnar has more stories to tell us and he's gonna do it with the best style he has shown here. Be it The Longest Journey world or any other."
76561198002384161,Recommended,237850,32098112,Posted: 31 May,all,Eowarian,"This game is just breathtaking. The story takes you from the very start, makes more then once unexpected turns which you realy want to figure out how, why and where it will lead to. A shout-out to the story writer for that!But not only the story writer did a fine job. Graphics are beautiful, the music is fitting and... can't stop listening to it, even outside the game. :)In other words, I realy loved playing this game and I will play it again, to test the decision concequences. ;)This game gets more then a thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,237850,12600464,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Lectriz,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXF0dBv4l98&channel=UCJDOzAhZY9AZAVWGEuKVG9gI'm loving what I'm seeing so far. The game really attempts to drag you into the story, and succeeds. The voice acting is remarkable, the story is very intresting, and the narrative puzzles are well thought out. The visual graphics of the game are amazing to look at, and the music really fits and sets the mood of the story. I'm really into this game, and I can't wait for more chapters to come out! I'd recommend this to anyone who completly wants to escape reality by way of story. If I had to sum up this game in two words, it would be Simply Stunning. 8/10"
76561197978337815,Recommended,237850,28150694,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CRAGNAR,"Wow.  What an incredible story.  At first, it seems ok and you are waiting to see what happens, but it starts to just get better and better.There is so much I could say about this work, but I feel as though I would just ramble on and on forever. Simply put, this game gives the fans everything they could have wanted. So much detail and depth about everything. I'm glad I bought it, and will definitely be playing it again; making different choices and playing the characters completely different just to see how different things are."
,Not Recommended,237850,12662763,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Yoda,"TLJ was one of the first adventures I played and I liked it a lot. The sequel  - Dreamfall, was attempt to cater to new audience with 3rd person view and some arcade elements, but puzzles were still here followed by rich story,  descent game overall. The new game changing it format again, now they decided to ride on Telltale success. If you like ""The Wolf among Us"" and other Telltale games you would probably like Chapters as well. No more puzzles (unless usage of key on lock is puzzling for you),barely any objects to click on (2-3 hotspots per scene, whole city has like 10 POI) but a lot of dialogs and ""choices"".The choice system is a classical approach with ""moral"" dilemmas which will affect development of your storyline. On good side - they put some efforts to help you understand your possible options better as each choice is provided with inner monolog with a detailed explanation. On other hand it still not enough and unless you share mindset with dev-team you can't predict reaction and outcomes, common flaw of such games.  Unfortunately there are no saves in game (only auto-save on checkpoint) so you can't play around with different options and need to start new game to see different outcomes.First chapter has around 3.5 hours of gameplay 2.5 of which is dialogs and cutscenes and other hour is you running around city between people you obliged to talk to. Main area of action is very small, even claustrophobic with a lot of reused props.On bright side of the game - dialogs and NPC are good, music is pretty good too but it is hard to judge a story yet. Visual style is far from being impressive and also struggle to perform properly in open area of the city. Animation is on bare minimum as well.Can't recommend unless you are Telltale fan, Also chapter is pretty short so it worth to wait for full pack on sale if you just interested in story continuation of old games."
,Recommended,237850,24314208,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Reichenbach,Beautiful storyCons:- Performance issues- Small insignificant plot holes
76561197967099822,Recommended,237850,28318680,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zdavem,"This is one of those bizarre examples where I am at a loss when I comes to explain what is so great about it from a purely gameplay related perspective. Because in that regard it doesn’t really do anything special, and the tried and tested stuff it does do in terms of mechanics is not especially well-made. Beautiful graphics with some very awkward animations. It’s essentially is an old-style point and click game trapped inside a third person choose-your-own-adventure-novel. So nothing new and/or exiting there.But it is in terms of story, characters and worldbuilding it excels beyond most things I have ever played. The actual narrative was a bit jarring at first; playing as two different characters in two completely different worlds, but once some familiarity sets in the rest of the ride is amazing. I don’t want to get in to too much detail but this is one of those rare examples where the ever-rising stakes scenario actually feels earned.All in all, an amazing experience. Top marks.(I played most of the game offline. The real time spent playing should be round 30-35 hours)"
,Recommended,237850,33718800,Posted: 22 July,all,Death by Diarrhea,"A fitting end for a great story but it wil be best appreciated AFTER playing the first 2 games in the franchise, The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey."
76561198065023947,Recommended,237850,35338702,Posted: 30 September,all,AwkwardGhost,I loved the story!9/10
,Recommended,237850,24944704,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Various Horses,"Definitely worth a play if you were a fan of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, but a little of the magic seems to be gone. The voice acting feels a bit off for some characters and the animations are quite awkward.Additionally it feels like the game wasn't meant to be episodic; there is a payoff in the last two books that feels lacking in the earlier chapters, but despite this the feeling of being in Marcuria or seeing Zoe in the hospital bed again gives a few shivers down the spine for me as a fan of DF:TLJ, the plot is pretty great and the visuals for the most part are pretty amazing coming from the previous game.If you were waiting for the sequel for ages you will probably be very happy with the game provided you can power through the early chapters that miss the mark a little."
,Not Recommended,237850,27727801,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jkohen,"A boring game from cover to cover.Most of the time you spend in front of Dreamfall Chapters will be listening to hours and hours of exposition. This is delivered with animation that takes control away from you. The interactive sequences in between the exposition is what has to be one of the most boring professional adventure games of the XXI century. The first half of the game is plagued with aimless wandering in hard-to-navigate environments, and almost no puzzles; the second half fortunately dispenses with the backtracking, but the amount of puzzles remain slow. All the time the puzzles aren't connected to the story and are usually simple, tedious or both.My description might remind some of Telltales games, and they wouldn't be wrong to assume this game borrows inspiration from that company. I've enjoy most Telltales' games, because they excel at pacing and engagement. The decisions feel real, while in Dreamfall Chapters they feel random and unimportant (what food should I buy Reza?!)This is all a shame, because Dreamfall Chapters' art is beautiful and the designers had total dedication to the details. The world feels alive and comes through believable. The pacing however ruined it for me. For instance, after the game's climax the player is treated to, I kid not, 20 minutes of exposition in the form of epilogues. Most big characters get at least one epilogue. The major characters' epilogues get their own epilogues. One character that doesn't have a main role until the end of the last part has 3 or 4 epilogues (I lost count). At this point the player's interest is gone, and yet the writers decided to self-indulge into more exposition, most of which is a retelling of the game's events without adding any critical information.I played this game despite the negative reviews because some reviewers claimed it gets better on the second half. While it does get better in my opinion, it never gets good, and all the flaws except backtracking are carried over."
76561198305567276,Recommended,237850,32156715,Posted: 3 June,all,AoiHimitsu,"As I bought this game I remember being curious about, if it will accomplish my high expectations, after I played other ''Choice-and-Consequence'' games, like '' Life is Strange ''.I have to admit that I did not play the previous parts of '' the Longest Journey '', but I fell in love with this marvellous and brilliant masterpiece of Red Thread Games right from ''Book One ''.I love every single thing about it.The story is exciting and emotional, the characters are adorable and awesome, the music is beautiful and the design of the world's, in which the actions are playing is detailed, atmospheric and breathtaking.The linking of high-fantasy and high-science-fiction is incredible and Red Thread Games did it very well.There was not a moment where I got bored or which made non-sense to me. Another thing I like, is the fact that every single choice you make changes your story and that is why every player has a different story.That is also the reason why I am going to play '' Dreamfall Chapters '' definitely again.This masterpiece was a real journey for me and I wished that it would go one forever, because it was so beautiful and dreamlike like no other game I have played. At this point I have to admit that I shed a few tears at the end.Not because of a choice, not because somebody died at the end, but because '' Dreamfall Chapters '' touched my heart and I did not want to let go."
76561197992003047,Recommended,237850,26735066,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,VojtCZech,"Great closure to my favourite story. No questions I had from previous titles remained unanswered.Story is engaging and decisions do matter (unlike in Telltale games series). Story is well paced and I didn't encounter any weak spots.I loved the art-style. But there could be more models and skins for ambient NPCs. Lip-sync could use some corrections.Voice-over is well done.Gameplay-wise It continues in the footsteps of Dreamfall but luckily it droped the fighting and quick time events.It added a bit more of ""adventure"" elements and puzzles, but don't expect it to be like in the Longest Journey.Locations are beatiful and I was happy I could revisit many locations from the past games.For this type of game locations are kinda open and relatively big. It feels more natural than those tiny corridors of the previous game. That leads into one minor con - there is a lot of running and walking. Which I can imagine might be dull for some, but I didn't mind.I recommend it, but do Yourself a favor, and play both previous games first. There are tons of references which you would miss otherwise :-)"
76561197989173610,Recommended,237850,23630128,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jürgen Stroganoff,Took over a year but now its finally complete. It was nice to se everything come to an end i recommend the game but for the best experience you should play The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longerst Journey before starting this.
76561198078149116,Recommended,237850,23625888,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ilstar,"The Longest Journey is probably the greatest adventure game series of all time. Personally, the ending makes me think of mortality, my own and everybody else's. It's a strange, unique idea to take away from just a computer game."
,Recommended,237850,34568018,Posted: 28 August,all,The-Lost-Demon,"Dreamfall Chapters is a beautiful, well written and voice acted masterpiece.Your choices truly matter and since the game is so lengthy (35/40h) the characters have time to develop, create deeper and more meaningful relations with each other.The story clouds itself with mystery each minute that passes and the plot thickens more every chapter.Dreamfall's worlds are beautiful and unique, with personality and filled with vibrant characters that live in them, from the classic sci-fi dystopia to your medivel steampunk city, the visuals are definitely going to amaze you.This game will always be under my tongue ready to be recommended to any fan of the adventure and story driven genre.100% recommended."
76561198218228728,Recommended,237850,34948862,Posted: 14 September,all,Toffy,"This game is... perfection. Pure perfection and worth every penny.I was a fan of The Longest Journey saga for a while and was very excited for the Dreamfall Chapters release back when it just appeared. With the very first chapter I wasn't disappointed.(hell, I even bought my current laptop to be able to play this game at the best settings. best buy!)The story was captivating from the first seconds. Seeing old beloved characters facing their old enemies was exciting, all plot points were well done and explained, which is something I hold high for every single game. And Dreamfall Chapters didn't disappoint in this regard. Music and graphics are mesmerizing, I wandered Europolis for hours, just admiring the fantastic sci-fi feel the city gave.I must mention that this game is fantastically underrated. Driven by a strong female protagonist, no less strong gay male protagonist, so many POC characters and such diversity... This is heart warming and it feels so realistic. I love the clash of cultures and the politics mention in the game, absolutely love how Red Thread Games went about it. Though I must say, dear RTG, do you do divination, because apparently you do.Anyway, to all old and new fans of The Longest Journey - this game will be one of your best purchases ever. Prepare to weep."
,Recommended,237850,23913485,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr. Fun Beard,"This game, in my opinion, is one of the best games i have ever played. I absolutely enjoyed the deep storyline and the puzzles implemented into the game. If you are looking for a game which has a deep story that will keep you occupied and wanting to play the game then this is the game for you.My absolute favorite part about this game was the usage of a telltale-like choice system. If you have played any telltale game recently you will know what I mean. Every decision that you make alters the story. The game sets up decisions very nicely. Sometimes they make a character seem like an antagonist just for you to quickly find out that telling them the information that you did has led to the death of people you care deeply about. You don't know who is good or bad until it's too late and I absolutely love the way it was written.Another great part about this game is the length of the story. After one playthrough it has taken me 19.8 hours to complete. In my opinion, that is lengthy game. The good thing is, the story is so involving that before I know it i've been playing for 3 hours and still feel like continuing. absolutely an excellent story.The puzzles in this game make you think long and hard about how to solve the problem you have ahead of you. Some puzzles have solutions that seem difficult at first but end up making you think, ""damn, that was so much easier than what I made it."" I found these moments in the game fun and enjoyable.Where my review differes from other people is that I have never had an experience with another game from this series. I had not come to love the way a character was prior to playing this installment in the series. In my personal opinion, I loved the way the characters were. I completely enjoyed their personalities and the way they acted. I absolutely enjoyed the personality of Zoe. Kian was pretty closed off but I still enjoyed the way he acted as well. I thought the way he acted and talked was fitting to his role as an ex soldier. The side characters were also great. Crow was funny, Enu was great to have around. Likho was just what I thought he should be with his back story. It was all perfect.If I had to give this game an overall rating I would rate it no less than 9/10. I thought it was an game that was as close to perfect as you can get. I can't speak for those who have played the previous games, but I know for a fact that you'll enjoy this game if you enjoy playing games from this genre. Very well done!"
,Recommended,237850,25005002,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kamy,I am enjoying this game SO SO MUCH! <3 Loved it! And I didn't played the ones before! But I WILL! :D
,Recommended,237850,23995875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Silan,"Absolutely an amazing game, just like the two earlier games, which I recommend playing before this one, for a better understanding and experience of it all. This game gave the story an amazing ending.Made me cry, laugh and cry again!"
,Recommended,237850,15775211,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,sashimi taco,"This episodic series is nothing like other episodic games out there right now. Open worlds to explore, largely varying outcomes to decisions, and an expansive and deep lore world. You can have a completely different life for Zoe depending on decisions you make as her. Small choices you make can have consequences that change the world around you in ways you didn't expect.The first ""book""/episode is a bit slow in terms of story beats. But book 2 brings all the set up together. The characters are flawed in realistic ways. They have relationships that are not perfect in ways that are relatable. The art direction of this game is really solid, and will stand the test of time in the future. It's not cutting edge graphics, by there is a definite beauty to the models and levels.If you're the type of gamer who wants their ""decisions to matter"", this is definitely the game for you."
76561198015475553,Recommended,237850,25461141,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Xv0st,"As quest this game sucks(except the first one,""The Longest journey""). The empty, dead world, with boring, primitive puzzles. But the story (through all three games) amazing. It's a shame that there is no book, i definitely would like to read it on paper. In fact, the whole game is endless dialogues and runs between them. A sort of a visual version of the book. At the beginning boring but exciting at the end.As a result, I still recommend it. Because, although as the quest it's weak, but the story compensate it's lacks. However, the is necessary go through the entire trilogy, because it's a single story.Как квест игра определенно отстой(исключение первая: ""The Longest  Journey"").  Пустой, я бы сказал, мертвый мир, со скучными, примитивными  загадками. Но сюжет истории просто потрясающий. Если существовала бы книга, я с удовольствием ее бы прочитал.  По сути, вся игра, это одни диалоги с небольшими пробежками между ними. Этакий визуальный вариант книги.  В начале она покажется скучной, но чем дальше, тем быстрее сюжет будет набирать обороты.В итоге, игру, я все же рекомендую. Так как, хотя как квест она и не очень, но сюжет компенсирует все недостатки. Правда, что бы было интересно и понятна суть, придется проходить всю трилогию, так как это единая история."
76561198176359338,Not Recommended,237850,28315237,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,deember,"I enjoyed Dreamfall and Longest Journey, but this is bad. Cheesy. Slushy. Mushy. Kitschy.The only aceptable part of the game was Europolis, but Stark was better."
,Recommended,237850,12613884,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Hizzer,"Red Thread continues their tradition of great storytelling, while at the same time giving satisfying closure to loose ends in the trilogy."
76561198001938023,Not Recommended,237850,28461142,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mb_williams,"For an original TLJ fan, this game is a disappointment. Briefly, it is an adventure game where you don't go anywhere.Rather than do what made TLJ interesting - create settings and characters - Ragnar Tornquist has gone on a nostalgia trip. TLJ was essentially an interactive stage play. Each scene had a backdrop, and a few props in front of it, and the characters. Since the graphics for each location were simple, the studio could afford to make lots of them, and the journey could unfold.In this game, Tornquist spent the budget recreating locations in Arcadia and Stark - many of which have already been seen - in full 3D. This means that until very late in the game, most of the action happens in one hub in each world. To speak of the ""hub"" in Stark is an exaggeration, because Zoe never exactly travels anywhere else. People talk mysteriously behind her back, friends come and go, but none of it ever really matters. So there's half a story missing already.Things are somewhat better on the Arcadia side, but still ... not much novelty, just moving the old game pieces around with the occasional ""I am your father"" twist.The choice element is a gimmick that begs you to replay a game that didn't deliver the first time around, and won't the second time either."
76561197991493776,Not Recommended,237850,27727263,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kiefer bonk,"Like it's predecessors, the story is kinda interesting, but it falls short on it's goal of delivering a somewhat immersing story. The whole ""game"" aspect of it feels really forced. Most of the time you're just wandering around without much sense of purpose. The puzzles are unintuitive and the dialogue is jarring. It's like these guys had a real need to tell this cool story, but were kinda clueless on how to deliver it. I really wanted to like this one, but the sheer boredom one has to endure to get anywhere was just too much."
76561198056842200,Recommended,237850,23626600,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nekouda,This is in my top 5 favorite games of all time. It is such a pleasing game.
,Recommended,237850,13591715,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Broken Fantasy,"A flawed but fulfilling experienceIt's obvious that a lot of care and love was put into this game, from the detailed and vibrant environments, to the atmospheric, moving music, and the well acted, thought-provoking plot and dialogue.  Getting around can be very tedious, and some of the puzzles are just plain annoying.  The opening hours can be a little slow, but the pace picks up soon enough. Sadly, the final episode feels a tad rushed and underexplained, but I still enjoyed the journey. In the end, though, this is still recommended for anyone who loves a good adventure."
,Recommended,237850,32717587,Posted: 24 June,all,tolvak,"This game was fantastic.  The graphics were vivid and beautiful, and the story became increasingly more interesting and wove a great tale throughout.  I sometimes have a bit of a hard time getting into the story of games, but this one I actually became a bit attached to the various characters at the end of the game.  All in all, a wonderful journey!Also, I used the steam controller to play the game all the way through, and it worked perfectly."
76561198190598517,Recommended,237850,23645738,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tlins,Just the favourite game series ever.
76561198000030523,Recommended,237850,33814747,Posted: 26 July,all,Calyxie,"After just finishing this game i must say my emotions are high... Now before saying more, I haven't played the first games of Dreamfall Chapters.I have read some rewiews for this game and if you are a returning fan I wouldn't be able to give you answers on does this game continues well or bad from the first ones.Or if you are a new to this game and haven't played the first ones, I cannot again tell if this game is better then the last ones or if playing the first ones is neccesary here (many people have said that playing the first games will answer some questions that are unanswered in this game, but honestly I didn't feel much of need to... I mean there were some parts yes, but we will get to that).Now this game is purely a story telling stand of point. Yes you are able to move around in a 3D world, but there is no fighting, or timely combat. Just pure story and it is done superbly. Oh and decision making... Lots and lots of decision making and uh some puzzles. Yes these too.Since the game is so much about dialoge and listening to the characters you play as, it is really important that the voice acting is good. One thing i always look for in games over breathtaking graphics or never before heard game mechanics are interesting characters (someone you can feel connected to when playing, something to take you into a jorney and make you feel part of it not just slide through the events of the game unconnected, leaving you feel empty). Interesting characters make (me atleast) players just so much more interested in the story. And well the voice acting in this game is superb. This game makes you think about your decisions that you make and hard, because well... you do not want to end up dead in the next chapter, but always making the best decision for yourself, isn't the best one for the cause. So yes there are decisions. Loooots of em.Now the characters. There were characters that i immideatly fell in love with, for their character, funny and well thought out voice lines. It all fit. The rest of the characters were just pefect fit for their role. You weren't suppose to laugh when they said something, but they made the story good and inderesting.Many have compared the choise makings in this game to Life is Strange. I do not honestly agree with most of these. In Life is Strange to be honest no other choises mattered besides the last one. Your ""friend"" or the ""town"". Dreamfall Chapters goes way deeper in that. There were choises that came to haunt me in book five that i had made in book 2. I feel like i have to play through this game again just to see what choises i could have made differently, what could i have done better, or what did i miss by being an idiot and not seeing an obvious choise i was supposed to make.And yes the game story. This is my second reason why i loved this game so much. Characters and story. Again. Not playing the first game might give me a half understanding or feeling of the events of this game, but honestly i do not care not right now. The story is great. If you are a fan of futuristic, modern world full of technology and then also love the world of magic, non magicals and the world in which they live in, this game is like 2 fists in both of your eyeballs.As much as i would love to just praise the story to the heavens i really cannot. There were parts where i was sitting on the edge of my seat, holding my breath in, waiting to see what would happen now or bite my fingernails off worrying over some of my decisions.... There was also parts that felt really dragging on and really not well thought through in my oppinion or even neccesary. The game delivers the story well and the end was truly breathtaking with an unexpected twist at the very end, but it is not perfect. Still it makes together for an awesome story... still.So i'd say this game is very much worth for a anyone who enjoys point and click game with awesome story and stunning graphics.So really short: Point and click game, awesome story, great and awesome characters, really cool enviorment in both Zoe and Kians worlds, puzzles, and well the decisions.... many many decisions in this game.Feel like home with that, I think you would enjoy Dreamfall Chapters. Yeah...If you still want advice. Well i would really reccomend this game. It was very interesting and really really enjoyable."
,Recommended,237850,28852915,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LEET RAGE,"Got this on sale, didnt play any previous games. Best 8$ I ever spent."
76561198028096809,Recommended,237850,31530679,Posted: 3 May,all,05jminke,"ok, so i only found out about this game, because i heard it was coming to consoles, on a news website, never heard it before, anyway, im enjoying it so far, im 15 hours in, just finished book 3, but it does have issues with its performance, indoor scens run good, maintaining 60fps and the highest settings, but when i go outside, it starts stuttering and droping frames, i know its not my gpu, as it never exceeds 50 percent usage, it is a gtx 1080 after all, but i have noticed that cpu usage gets really high in outdoor areas, even though my i7 4790k should have no issue, lets hope they can improve it with the may 5th update, overall though, its a good game"
,Recommended,237850,33758744,Posted: 23 July,all,Merdok,"Playing through this story, because this is far more a story than a game, has been a journey.There were ups, and downs, stops and hurry ups, and many emotions were felt both good and bad.Let me tell you about the good.  The story, overall, is immense.  If you like story games this one has many threads and choices.  But unique to Dreamfall Chapters, you can really get immersed in the setting and view the environment and characters through interaction.  There are puzzles and goals.  The length of the story across the 5 chapters overall far surpasses any other story based games I've played.  The music, sounds, animation and beautiful scenary add to story.  And the characters and voice action range from very acceptable to fantastic which includes a massive variety.We should turn the coin over before you think this is my favorite game of all time, because it is not.The story is vastly threaded, and unfortunately in some places, messy.  There are things that do not wrap up in the end.I'm sad to say and some of the twists were not mentally tantalizing - they left me feeling a bit betrayed by my story teller.  However, the final chapter is fantastic and the threads of the story that are sewn into place are wonderful.  And the length can be a curse, I often found myself wanting to just move forward as characters repeatedly dwelled on a topic that then later turned out to be absolutely non-relevant to the story.  The gameplay itself can feel pretty linear beyond the immersion into the envrionment.  There were a few minor glitches but none of them caused me to lose any playtime, they were merely annoyances such as getting stuck temporarily in an environment or the character model becoming slight misshapenned.It's hard to recommend this because you will either like the story and characters enough to justify the purchase, or you won't.  There isn't much for me to compare this too, and giving the inconsistent quality of the story throughout the game it's really difficult to make a solid recommendation.Overall, I was fairly entertained and felt that the length justified my purchase.  Having the backstory from the previous games in the series (The Longest Journey and Dreamfall) will greatly help in understanding who the characters are so if you haven't played those, you should do that first.6/10 - opportunities were missed.  Only fans of the series should consider."
,Recommended,237850,24727932,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Odrez,"This is truly an outstanding game. I enjoyed it like I would enjoy a fantasy book as a child. I get some Neverending Story vibes from this game and even if I haven't played the previous games yet, I will start doing it right away.I got into this series by playing some hours of Dreamfall: The longest journey. I was hoping to get a similar experience with memorizable characters, great dialogues and an interesting story. I got all of this playing Dreamfall: Chapters.I can definitely recommend this game, but I'll use this review to voice some things that made enjoying this game slightly difficult.AnimationsThe main thing that bothered me was the poor execution of the animations in this game. Some of them are well done, but most of the more dynamic scenes are just awful. You want to catch an arrow mid-air? Just extend your hand and rotate your head. The game feels like a puppet show. It's so sad, because there are so many epic cutscenes and moments in this game and you just have accept them being cheesy. And I can't understand it - the quality just varies so much and I have to believe that that does not come from not being able to create better animations, but not giving the animators enough time and resources to do their job.ChoicesWell, I understand that all choice-driven games will at some point boil down to being linear. I don't have a problem with my choices not having an impact on the main plot, but the second half of the game felt like every choice that actually mattered to me was ignored or had really little impact. I'm especially angry atReza suddenly showing up and having a baby with Zoe, even if I did everything to never see him againandapril ryan not being properly explained if you don't know her, making every scene about her a confusing mess, including the ending where she steps out of the doorIf you can live with that, you'll get a great story that doesn't shy away from expecting the player from thinking. I love that the dialogues aren't dumbed down so that everyone can understand what is going on. It's mysterious and magical.This game could be a masterpiece and is easily one of the best games I ever played. The only thing that keeps me from absolutely falling in love with this gem are the horribly stiff and undynamic animations and the thought that without the cheesiness the game could deliver the story so much better."
,Recommended,237850,24623994,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,lem0nwings,"To fans of the franchise, this has been an incredible, incredible journey. A beautiful game with a compelling story and very memorable characters, Dreamfall Chapters successfully concluded the The Longest Journey saga almost 10 years after the last game, with what I can say to be an awfully magnificent ending - to say the least. The Epilogue, for me, did not fail to bring back all those memories of the previous games and turn them into a remarkably emotional experience [spoilers](the part with the photograph of Saga's parents really got me)[/spoilers].While the first three Books were pretty weak, in my opinion, with slow conversations and repetitive puzzles, Books 4 and 5 compensated the lackluster progression of the story. But this made Book 5 this kind of platform where they dash out all elements the developers had in their garage, making it somewhat 'rushed' - not in a bad way, but it's a bit too much information to pack into one Book. Though it's amazing to slowly realize that Funcom have already planned the story back in 2006, or probably even back in 2000 with the first game.I can say this: the graphics in Dreamfall Chapters is absolutely gorgeous. The textures and environments is one of the best for and indie game. But this left with a performance issue players with less-than-stellar computers suffer, players who managed to run the first two games pretty decently, and frankly players who make up the majority of the player base for Dreamfall Chapters. Nevertheless it's the animation that put me off. You can have the best graphics a game engine can render, but if the characters aren't replicating basic human movements it's not really believable. BUT, I personally don't mind - the voice acting was superb and the music and atmosphere readily compensated this. If you're an adventure gamer but prefer motion capture that goes with its characters, play Heavy Rain instead.If you consider the replayability with at least 40 hours of gameplay (including multiple playthrough with different decisions), yes this is worth the full price (at least in my region). I bought this back when Book One was just released back in late 2014, so stretched out 1.5 years it's not as bad as some other titles.For newer players who are interested in Dreamfall Chapters I suggest you play the first two games first, this way you can really appreciate all the little details this game has to offer - if you don't, you won't even understand The Epilogue! Trust me, pressing the Story So Far button in the menus will not make you understand what is going on - at least play Dreamfall first if you're not the type to play a turn-of-the-century point-and-click adventure game with 'bad graphics'.Honestly, I can't stress how much of an emotional rollercoaster Book Five and the whole saga has been. There are no words. Play this damn game."
,Recommended,237850,24835160,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Katie.Rutter,"Great series, graphics are amazing. Would definitely play again!"
76561198068361824,Recommended,237850,28220056,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Laurel Valley,"I have The Longest Journey and Dreamfalls: The Longest Journey, and I really like this new game with its stunning graphics, beautiful story line, and interaction that makes me feel like I am interfacing with and watching a movie at the same time. This is a long game that draws a player into it as a participant. I strongly recommend this game. However, I do not believe a game of this caliber with today's technology should have the occasional flicker/flutter/shaking problem I get when some characters are walking toward or away from the action. I have a PC system using Windows 10 and GPU (AMD R9-270) that surpasses the “maximum recommended system requirements"". I tried many different visual setting changes to no avail until I turned off both Full Screen Mode and Depth of Field. Now my characters do not appear to shake when they move. I hope this temporary workaround helps others who are experiencing the same problem until the developer fixes the issue correctly. Here are the settings I am currently using:Visual Quality - AwesomeResolution - 1600x900Full Screen Mode – OffAnti-Aliasing - HighSSAO – HighVolumetric Lighting - MediumMotion Blur - 0%Gamma - 50%Depth of Field - OffShadow Distance - 50mPostProcessing - FullV-Sync – Off"
76561198058371460,Recommended,237850,30857263,Posted: 31 March,all,cATARIina83,"Dreamfall is mostly about a good fantasy story, filled with colourful characters and worlds.You can choose your actions, and they will have some impact on the plot.Animations and character appearances seem a bit rough and stiff.This is a MUST for those (like me:) who've played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.I played those as a little girl, and they both left me an ever lasting impression.."
76561197996652901,Recommended,237850,31427469,Posted: 28 April,all,koalaken2007,This game is not a game. It is a Journey.
,Recommended,237850,34516554,Posted: 26 August,all,Cindy_jah,"Wow, just simply wow!! I really enjoyed playing this game. It was almost perfect!If you like games where you feel like you are a part of a movie where you can narrate the story? Then this is perfect. I really hope they come with another sequel! Or at least another game that ressembles this one.I will have a hard time finding a game I will love this much!Higly recommend it!"
,Recommended,237850,34005639,Posted: 3 August,all,Prydonian,An excellent continuation of The Longest Journey and Dreamfall.
76561198115341169,Recommended,237850,23624478,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,cllewis10,"One of the most compelling and incredible games I've ever played. The graphics are amazing--I found myself enjoying just wandering around Propast. Each scene is ginormous and detailed. Having watched Marcuria develop from the first TLJ and Dreamfall: TLJ, I must say they've perfected it's design in Chapters. It was the perfect little fairytale town. The story takes it's time unfolding, and that's fine. You don't want to get in a hurry to finish, because then you have to find something else to do. And there is NO combat or stealth gameplay, much to my relief. Glad the developers decided to kill that idea after the disastrous Dreamfall: TLJ.Take heed: Anyone who tells you that you don't need to play The Longest Journey or the sequel Dreamfall: The Longest Journey is fully and completely LYING to you. If you are playing Chapters and haven't played the other two, stop what you're doing now and go back to the beginning of the trilogy. These are an absolute must if you want to fully understand and appreciate what's going on and pick up on the nuances.A word of warning, the task of completing the first two games in the trilogy is a bit of a drag (just my opinion). The storylines are fantastic, but it's the gameplay that will make you go grrr. The first one, The Longest Journey, was released in 1999 and the graphics, well...they were cutting edge for the turn of the century, but having played it for the first time in 2016, I was woefully underwhelmed. The storyline is fantastic, though, and you'll find you can easily overlook the ancient technology. And then the second one, Dreamfall TLJ, well...while the storyline of the second one is just as rich and deep as the rest of them, it contains elements of combat and stealth (hiding from beasties and what-nots) that I did not care for AT ALL. I'm a purist when it comes to adventure games. I like to relax and appreciate the environment and storyline--if I wanted action I would go play an arcade game. I don't know how the developers slept at night after giving us the frustrating combat/stealth garbage that went with Dreamfall. Even people who enjoy that kind of thing found it bad, sluggish, and just overall poorly designed. One good thing (and the only good thing) about it is there's an autosave feature just before a fight, and you don't run out of lives so you can die as many times as it takes to get it, and you will, eventually. If I could do it, you most certainly can. But anyway, like I said, in order to appreciate Chapters, you gotta get through the first two games. So I recommend you get an XBox 360 controller for Windows (about $20 if you want brand new), because that's the only way you're going to get through Dreamfall:TLJ without tearing your hair out.Enjoy your trip down the rabbit hole, and don't forget to come up for air."
76561197995287477,Recommended,237850,28278266,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Juliaana,"A very likeable story rich adventure game. I recommend first playing the first part of the series, ""The Longest Journey"" (if you can bear it) and even more so the second part ""Dreamfall: The Longest Journey"" which provides a lot of background and introduces the main characters.The combat system of the previous game of the series (Dreamfall:TLJ) has fortunately been removed and Chapters has been made a choice-based game. The choices obviously dont affect the grand story arc but are still interesting and meaningful. You mainly play as Zoe and Kian as in the previous game, and now and then the new character Saga at various ages (starting at toddler age and later at age 4 which is very cute).If you come from Dreamfall:TLJ, note that the voice actors for both Zoe and Kian unfortunately changed. At first this is very noticeable especially for Zoe but Charlotte Ritchie does a very good job and it's easily forgotten after a short while.Some adventure games these days have poorly constructed/underbudget/strange/too short/outright sad endings but Dreamfall isn't one of them. The ending is well proportioned and bearable for soft hearts like me."
,Recommended,237850,30151887,Posted: 24 February,all,The Letter Z,"It’s a weird feeling to finally get closure on a story that I have known for almost two decades. I can barely remember the first game and the second game is fuzzy at best.  Even with that in mind, it felt good to return to a universe that I forgot how much I cared about. Though I questioned the implementation of letting us choose the actions of characters who already had clear and dictated personalities I can say I recommend this game. I have no idea how someone who didn’t play the first two would like this one, but speaking as someone who loved those games I can heartily recommend this one."
76561198029390870,Recommended,237850,26369223,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Spazzies,"This one is by far my favorite installment in the series (And I'm not even finished with it as of now but going by other reviews I've read I don't think my opinion is likely to change).Not to say that it doesn't have a few rather nasty flaws. For starters they could have toned down the political aspects a notch or two, especially during the first couple of hours you spend running around Stark. It quickly got to the point for me to where I was just rolling my eyes and wanting to rush through the campaign errands. It doesn't help that I'm playing the game during one of the most ridiculous election cycles in US history. When I turn the tv off and opt for some gaming instead, the last thing I want to be faced with is more political bs. So that aspect was rather disappointing to me and I view it as being inconsiderate on the writer's part to be imposing very strong views of a touchy subject onto their players. The other thing I found a bit annoying was how they didn't improve the speed at which you ""jog"" and yet there are enough back and forth ""quests"" that you'll be yearning for a rocket propelled jet pack after the first hour. Typical filler. Make it take 10 minutes to get from point A to point B and call it gameplay.Now for the positives. The thing I love most about this game is the atmosphere. In my opinion it does an even better job of combining spirituality and magic with science and technology. With many games that attempt this, it's often too abstract and weird but here I find it enthralling. I liked that many of the characters found in the first two are still around and in some cases, more interesting. Nearly everything is choice driven and your choices do impact even minor details, which makes for better enjoyment of multiple play-throughs. The voice acting is fantastic, the soundtrack is beautiful, the graphics much improved and the story is mysteriously interesting. All in all it's a great adventure for the price."
76561198025149857,Recommended,237850,23628614,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,jujifruit,"This game is beautiful. Highly recommended. It's similiar to ""The Walking Dead"" or ""The Wolf Among Us"" except I feel like the choices you make actually matter.I do recommend watching a playthrough and/or summary of the two previous games before playing this. It's not required, I didn't my when I played through initially, but it certainly changes your perspective on the game."
,Recommended,237850,12927318,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jebediah Kerman,"really continues on the older games- and keeps you pinned with an active choice/consequence engine. Careful, though, even if you have a high end graphics card some ares will tax it to hell. Turning down the settings will make it usable on a much lower spec machine though.Also, Zoe is the best protagonist, let alone best female protagonist"
,Recommended,237850,13012225,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Private Detective,"Really awesome! Waited really long and don't get dissapointed.I played TLJ and Dreamfall: TLJ before, and this one  continiues the story from the right angle and touches my feelings."
,Recommended,237850,13955228,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Joga,"I absolutely love this game. It may only be the first of five chapters, but it's still one of my favorite games of 2014. It represents everything that I enjoy about modern narrative-driven adventure games.I love that you get to see the mundane everyday life stuff. I loved getting to explore Europolis and talk to everyone and interact with everything. I love the semi-dystopian cyberpunk future setting that reminds me of the likes of Deus Ex Human Revolution's Detroit. I love the branching conversations and decisions reminiscent of The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us (Red Thread seems to draw a lot of inspiration from TellTale, which is certainly not a bad thing in my eyes).I'm a relative newcomer to this series - I picked up and played through The Longest Journey and the original Dreamfall just weeks before Dreamfall Chapters came out. I'm certainly glad I did - they're both great games on their own, and frankly the brief video synopsis isn't really enough to get to know the characters and care about them. That said, Dreamfall Chapters is definitely my favorite of the trilogy so far; they seem to have learned their lessons from the previous games, and have brought it more in line with ""modern"" adventure games. I highly recommend playing through the whole trilogy."
76561198040820270,Recommended,237850,13263763,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ashles,"It's great to finally have a sequel to Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and even better for it to take form in what has so far been a beautiful game. I'm loving the choice/consequence system and my choices have got me on edge waiting for episode 2!! There are still a few bugs here and there but so far everything is running smoothly. The story is living up to D:TLJ's standard and I'm excited to see where it will lead. I don't really have any complaints about this game, if I had to give one I would say that I don't think it's possible to skip cutscenes, which can sometimes become frustrating. But otherwise Dreamfall Chapters is living up to all expectations!!"
,Recommended,237850,23395997,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,isthisscience,"Characters are surprisingly interesting and funny given the large and diverse cast they've got going. I was a little cautious at reading about it and I hadn't played the previous games but I rapidly found my feet and fell in love with the characters. Not much game mechanic beyond choice/consequence but I honestly don't mind that much as it is so interesting. The different settings really break it up while carrying over common themes and characters.There has been an annoyingly long wait between books but I don’t think I’ve ever hit a bug or major issue with the game from a technical stanceIn short, I love this game and would thoroughly recommend it. If you’re a fan of story and character driven games, give it a go. However, if you are more into challenges, mechanics, puzzles and shooters then best give it a wide berth.  (Written before book 5)"
76561197976085751,Recommended,237850,12745858,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Furyan,"Words can't describe how connected i feel to this game which is a experience i haven't felt ever in a game, from the start my heart felt close and a part of this game and every moment i loved it and love playing it. It's been a surreal experience that took me away to another world that made me smile and feel alive every moment with everything i saw and every decision i made and feel really connected to the world everytime i started the game i was transport to the most surreal cool place i have ever been and im looking forward to it all the time seeing it. I really recommend this game and love it."
76561198035825386,Recommended,237850,13580196,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,blomberg84,"This is fantastic, this is how a game should be. I loved Dreamfall, and was apparently not the only one not wanting the game to end there. I played this chapter from start to finnish in one go, and will probably painfully await the next one, little like a belowed tv serie. And we get to play four more games, yay!"
,Not Recommended,237850,31537370,Posted: 4 May,all,Pang Tong,"A decent conclusion to the ""The Longest Journey"" saga, although I think the Dreamfall games made the whole series more complicated than was necessary. The game takes itself quite seriously and feels like it's trying to be Game of Thrones sometimes with overtly ""edgy"" themes, but it falls flat because the plot doesn't actually explore any of the issues it brings up. The Azadi are almost literally just the Nazis.There's lots of dialogue which is nice sometimes but overall it's quite poorly paced so you'll probably end up getting sick of it and skipping through the voice acting. The characters feel mostly fake and are written more like quirky sitcom characters than real people.There's not much to the gameplay or puzzles, which mostly revolve around running around a large open area to find the one object or character you're allowed to interact with. Although this helps prevent the game suffering from ""adventure game logic syndrome"" where solutions to puzzles don't make sense, it means there's actually not much gameplay at all and the game feels more like a visual novel than a puzzle adventure like the original The Longest Journey.The game is obsessed with offering choice, going so far as to regularly remind you when a choice you made is having an impact on the story, and even recapping how important your choices were at the end of each episode. The choices do actually make a bit more of an impact on the story than say, Telltale products, but ultimately the story plays out in much the same way regardless, so the extreme focus on your choices feels hollow and ingratiating.My advice is: play The Longest Journey, but skip Dreamfall: TLJ and Dreamfall: Chapters. Chapters is only worth it to see the conclusion to the numerous dangling plot threads that Dreamfall: TLJ left on its cliffhanger ending."
76561198078679501,Recommended,237850,13164226,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,or29544,"Umm..yes, I would recommend the game but not right now. Wait untill it's actually finished. It's a four hour play and it leaves you quite hanging in the air. It does show potential but it still has to prove itself to live up to the previous titles."
76561197974982525,Recommended,237850,12602108,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DarkSavage101,"Having not played the first two games and only completing Book One, I'm not sure how my review will stack up with others, but here goes:I became innitially interested in this game after watching the announcement trailer. The graphics are breathtaking and the soundtrack is simply amazing. The gamplay revives the old point and click adventure genre, which is a fine change from the general FPS and other action games that I usually play. The game's storyline is based around the choices that you do or don't make, seemingly driving home moral choices and decisions with consequences. I found myself immersed in the storyline and am probably going to try and find the previous two games so that I can ""catch up"" with the story so far. I found myself running around and interacting with almost everything that I could just to hear the part of Zoe's inner monologue. I also found myself laughing at some of the descriptions and narrations that she has for the area of Eurotropolis that you live and work in.Overall I'm looking forward to seeing how this game plays out in the future and am curious to see what happens in Book Two."
,Recommended,237850,20038175,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,♥ sarah is strange [HK],Reviewed again in August 2017:I am replaying from Book One and notice some big changes from the Book One onwards. Really appreciate the work for how the developers are still patching the game after the story is finished. Many would simply pull out the game and stopped updating after the final episode is realised.Work of art. Amazing storyline with good narrative.Reviewed in 2015:can be very rewarding. story rich.
76561198035512435,Recommended,237850,28773352,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Draxel,"I do not write reviews for games. Never. With this one i made an exception. Never in my life i could have expected this series to end in such a soul touching way. If you played Dreamfall and TLJ, even if you don´t remember them, you DEFINITELY have to play this one."
,Recommended,237850,23984350,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Z-enzyme,"Didn't play the first games. Totally will be.Still, after finishing Dreamfall Chapters it became one of my top favourite games ever. Seriously. And that's not easy.My list was like Unreal'99, Unreal Tournament, Skyrim, Morrowind, Rune and so on and so forth.Now it's Dreamfall Chapters and the rest.Probably will stay this for a long time. And, this is my first review, never cared for writing any but this game... It's worth it.Why do I like it.- Characters - not ordinary superpowered heroes or heroines, they tend to use brains instead of force and guns. And that's something different.- Sens of humor - it matched perfectly with mine.- Story telling - Incredibly well done despite the not top quality animations.- Voice acting - a masterpiece.- Music - makes my skin crawl. Everywhere, every time.- Universe - made me want to buy other games of that series, read and discover everything there is about the Dreamtime. That's a lot.- Decissions - yep, they really have an impact on the story. Well, I guess, I'll be replaying the whole game soon to check that out.- Crow - 'cause there is Crow.Why I didn't like it.- At first the animations seemed like sloppy in the cutscenes but after a few minutes it didn't matter. Probably because we are all so familiar with tripple A mocap animations and face rigging, morphing, and that kind of crap that is really, really unimportant for the overall game experience.So, there isn't really anything that I didn't like. Cross that out please!And that's all.A full and complete 10 out of 10. I only wish I could give it more.Hell, I can, my review, my rules. At lest 16/10. Totally blew my mind, never expected such a brilliant experience."
,Recommended,237850,23699922,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Elnubnub,Sincerely one of the most engaging and immersive games I've ever played.
,Recommended,237850,25217090,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mochipink89,"I was SOOO exited to play this game when I first bought it because I had played previous titlesFor its price though eeeeeehhhhhhh, get it on a saleThe terrible animation is beyond distractig to me omgOther than that the story is very interesting and the character designs are gorgeous!Also I enjoyed this type of play style a lot!"
76561197990204173,Recommended,237850,31884048,Posted: 21 May,all,Takworld,Good storytime. The story picks up from book two onwards.
,Recommended,237850,23671081,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FatKidsLoveCake,This is honestly one of the best games I have ever played. Not much leaves me speachless... But the end of this game.. Just... wow... please can we have some more?
,Recommended,237850,33818831,Posted: 26 July,all,StarDagger,"Absolutely wonderful adventure. Loved the storytelling and characters and man, is there a lot of story to tell here which the game does well. Puzzle wise it's not too difficult - I only had to resort to a playthrough two or three times during the entirety of the game and I probably could have found the solutions if I'd stuck on it a bit longer, but mainly you're there for the (longest) journey."
76561198229881668,Recommended,237850,23649308,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,alkaabi_cv,"In terms of storyline, the game has the most beautiful story ever made for a videogame (my personal opinion) which shows the intelligence of the game creators/ designers. However, I was hoping for more emphasis on gameplay. Not saying making similar to TLJ (which is best games out of the three installments) but at least I was expecting dreamfall chapters be very similar to the previous dreamfall. The other thing, making Kian as gay doesn’t fit his personality (not saying being gay is bad) he seems to be a brutal fighter with an iron personality like a Greek God. Other than that, the ending was awesome and satisfying to the core. Thank you for the awesome saga."
76561198001793912,Recommended,237850,23646531,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,notme_nothere,"Very good. Enjoyed the entire serires from when the longest journet was out on Cd. Dreamfall chapters was a good ending though I feel the final part of chapters was a bit railroaded compared to the previous. perhaps neccesary to tie up the loose ends. Still marking it high. Only gripe, what happened to Zoë's dad's hair in the last scenes. Mr plastic hair?"
,Recommended,237850,23636598,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ziarra,"I found this game after i finished Life is Strange. And I'm a simple guy, If i'm going to play a story, then i'm going to play them all. So I started with the longest journey. (I bought them all). It was an awesome game and I was looking foward to dig into this one. And I have to say that I am so in love with this art. The story, the characters and Enu.The transition beween Dreamfall: The longest journey and Dreamfall chapters is really smooth.  and I love the part that your decisions make a big impact on the game. I have only played it once and that took me around 25 hours. But i'm going to replay it.During Dreamfall chapters, you follow Zoe and Kian through the adventures of two worlds. One scientific and one magical and they are both trying to hinder a bigger event to happen between the two worlds. They are meeting amazing people along their journey and some of them are familiar with the previous games along with familiar places.The choices you make will affect and change the world as you go along. But sometimes doing what you think is wrong, might have possitive outcome in the future and vice versa.I really like this game. I'm glad that I played the previous games too. It made me feel more connected."
76561198028626960,Recommended,237850,24773214,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,moopaul,What  a fantastic game well worth the money.It kept me interested from start to finish.Hope they make some more of this series.
,Recommended,237850,23984487,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Baroncroix,"Dreamfall chapters, it is worthwhile.I decided to buy this game just from sheer curiosity at a random Steam sale they made, celebrating the completion of all the five books I think or something along those lines, and man, it was so worth it.ImpressionsAt first I was totally at loss, I was like, what in God's name is going on. The story I felt I was missing something, and yes I totally did, I was totally oblivous to the fact there were two other games before Dreamfall Chapters, even though this was in the game description I read too fast...however, having the summer sales in front of me, I just grabbed them and started playing them, that's how cool I found these games.Never having played these series, you eventually get more and more bits as story goes on, and you begin to understand the context, however, to my horror, I realized I actually spoiled myself several important things that happened in the previous games, that should I have played them, would have gone ""Aha..."" with a knowing smirk, instead I was at a loss, and then I realized I was with the whole story of The Longest Journey in front of me, shucks!If you have not played the others, don't you worry, you will get to love and understand what is happening just fine in these games, but perhaps, with less insight and complementary details of whole story. Should you go and buy the other 2 games first before playing these? Well that will depend, I'm still playing the first, and I like it, but the first game is a 1999 game, so gameplay inclusions (such as the little journal interface that tells you what are your objectives and such) & graphically-wise it *might* not be suitable for you, it is up to your tastes.The StoryIt is sort of weird at first and at a loss, but I found it quite enjoyable, really enjoyable. Quite...original in a sort of way, if you ask me. Certainly, there could be improvements here and there, and if you can't help but try to find out every single  flaws that might and is, and concentrate on them like you can in ANY game really, you will ruin yourself the game of course and won't like it. People can sometimes find anything to rant at if they want, however, if you sit back and relax, this game, I can assure, is an entertaining experience.The Story takes place in four dimensions principally, one futuristic (hovering robots & stuff), one archaic (magic, knights, etc.), dream-state, and a location in between time and space. I really don't want to go on much about what this is all about, because part of the treat of this game is to progressively discover it by yourself, but this has stories that take good advantage of their varied tematics and manage to blend them well.The voice-acting is really good, the voice tones adequate to their characters, and the dialogue is pretty funny, specially if you have a twisted/dark humor. Gotta love Mira.The GameplayThis is actually something that I found out, that if you have not played the other games, you will be probably at a loss at first like me, like ""what is this, and what does it does?"", but somehow, it was obvious enough to get it after the very first intro level, and after that you will be learning new tricks. Sometimes the puzzles can be pretty tricky because you expect to find everything in the environment, and you forget to check your inventory. Sometimes it will ask you to remember past experiences you had while interacting with the characters and the like to resolve a problem you might be facing, one involving a certain robot had me laughing in disbelief, thinking, ""Oh my, had I not talked to it for kicks and giggles before it would have never occured to me, and I can't believe this was the true purpose of it all along"". Sometimes things are just plain hidden (sometimes well too hidden) or are just plain, and you'll have to sort of just go around searching what is the only thing you can ""target"" that you had not noticed before or such, and that is a little meh, but you find the forgiveness in your heart for the devs.While you are setup in different areas, it might slightly feel at first that you have a lot to explore and that you'll find scurvy rich pirate treasure if you look hard enough, but no. I mean, you'll certainly find an interesting reference or something funny here and there, but in truth I felt it was pretty linear with a touch of an open-world illusion, but of course, you have to remember you are in a playable bedtime story and it is easy to forget it.I must confess that what has given me most thrills in this game, is the very moment where you are expected to make a decision. You are offered to see what the rest of the people has chosen the most, but I advise out of it, you'll get biased for sure. But it is not having to take the decision that gave me goosebumps, but what comes inmediately next. ""The Balance has shifted"", somehow everytime that happened I had an ominous feeling, like I had sealed my fate for good, and had me eager to see what would happen now. The little versions of it, with the ""!"" symbol at first were not as dreadful in my head, but I soon learnt to rethink that. Everytime it pops, I went ""Oh my..."", sometimes you don't expect what you answered to have an effect, not always it does, and not always you'll know that its going to be, so play true to yourself.GraphicsThe Arcadia world (the magical, archaic one) made me feel like I was playing Dragon Age: Origins, if you have played it, then you know what to expect graphically. Meaning, a beautiful world available for you to gaze at (unless you start to hyperventilate if things aren't in 4k and such), *however*, you will perhaps encounter here and there little small things that could use improvement or don't show properly, but that won't ruin your experience at all, specially in the Book 1 and 2. After the Book 3 I felt a notable improvement, even with the responsiveness of the game at a whole, but maybe it was just me. The only things that perhaps bothered me at times, where areas where the framerate dropped drastically, specially if I had high/awesome settings, and that there is few ""background NPC"" models available in the cities, this means that, the ""background people"" living in it would start to get repetitive after a little while of loitering around, and that makes the maps feel...synthetic, for lack of a better word, nevertheless, it is not something that will tamper with your overall experience by, say, having a ""way too negative impact"".ControlsFair simple, you can use a keyboard just fine, but I liked the xbox controller more, however if you plan in using a controller prepare for your left second finger to fall off, as you will abuse it by having to maintain pressed the ""run"" trigger almost during your whole gameplay.OverallA beautiful game worth the money (although I say this because I payed 10$ for it, I would honestly wait for a sale if you can, if the full price is not an issue for your wallet, well, go ahead), good voice acting, entertaining dialogue, charismatic characters, overally enjoyable visuals, and simple but sometimes tricky gameplay. No regrets from my part, I fell in love with these series, and now I'm going to enjoy the previous ones.I say 8/10.Thank you for reading! Hope it helps, and that you enjoy as much as I did this game should you decide to get it. :)TL;DRStory - Gud, u wil lyk, if you lyk magik + future stuff. 9/10Voice-acting - Veri gud. Funny. Acceptable, would probably marry some of the people who voiced the character just by their voice tone. 8/10Gameplay - U git gud from 1st lv. No bosses. No overkills. Simple. Stuff pretty hidden sometimes & feels slightly random maybe. 7/10Graphx - Many nice. So few errors, much eye enjoy anyway. 9/10Controls - gg 2 ez. 2nd left finger hurts if you play on Xbawzx controlz 2 long. 10/10"
76561198036855808,Recommended,237850,24892174,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Humidititties,"Amazing story, great gameplay, and wonderfully entertaining."
,Recommended,237850,23950195,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alva,"I really enjoyed this, and easily put 50 hours into it. It has an excellent story, and the environments are beautiful and immersive. Games like this are few and far between these days, and it brings me back to the adventure games of the 80s and 90s.Thank you, Red Thread!"
76561198020361304,Recommended,237850,24031981,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SinusPi,"* No-spoilers review: *The game's Books One through Four are nothing if not spectacular and spin the story's threads in a very skilled and logical and thought-provoking manner. I couldn't recommend them more.And then comes Book Five. Which I can only describe as: WTF?First of all, it's not a Book like the others, it's an overblown ending sequence, with very brief interactive intermissions. It's so obviously rushed, that I immediately catch myself excusing the creators for some simple reason - I don't know, running out of money? out of studio time? personal issues? - the likes of which tend to plague Kickstarter-born, drawn-out projects - and I start thinking, ""well, all right, it was probably either a rushed Book Five or no Book Five"". But then again I slap myself mentally a little. After all, I did pay for five books of an interactive story. and instead I got four interactive books and one blatantly rushed epilogue. Mixed feelings abound.Oh, and if it were a nice, wrapping-it-all, climactic epilogue, I may not have whined as I am. But whine I shall.* Spoilers from here on. *First of all... Saga. Previously a doodling toddler, known to have some connection to April. A reincarnation? A kindred soul? Aaactually, no, rather a rebellious songliner (what?) who prefers songs to drawings now (because?) and she's actually traveled a countless myriad worlds, that's what she does, playing life on cheat mode and apparently being a professional prophecy-fulfiller. WHAT? Oh never mind, we'll never know. And who is this Rose, whom old Saga mentions when talking about flying teacups and dragonflies, wasn't it Queenie the Chinese-ish old lady who did those? Mind you, I love throwaway expositions and  cliffhanger endings, but not instead of a proper, logical, consistent wrap-up.Then... Kian's future. Saga steps in, saves the day, actually saves several decades, making Kian the Bloodless King with herself by his side. Roll credits, ""And The Adventure Continues""! Aaactually, no, we're seeing Kian as the king, and then Saga as an old crone, and worlds after the Merge, and... Wait, wait, the time to do a cute, perversely counter-climactic cliffhanger is over, why do we have SEVERAL of them?Next... Undreaming takes center stage. It's the most horrible, destructive force! Let's set it free. Book Four mentioned the Nightmare as being the necessary, unavoidable dark side of the Dreaming, very specifically NOT the same as Undreaming, which just cancels out everything. And yet here we go, Undreaming has an Undreamer and is needed to Balance? What?And next... The Machine. On the Arcadia side, it was built by Westhouse to power the spear to unleash the Undreaming, all right, but how come a very similar machine was built on the Stark side at the same time? Sure, there's a nice ""worlds mirrored"" vibe here, but it's never explained nor even hinted at. Brian only names Helena a ""tool"", hardly a mere insult, rather a direct reference to her being a pawn in his game - but wasn't he, like, unable to get to Stark in any way, let alone manipulate people there? Also, does Eingana ""collect dream energy"" (for whatever purpose and whatever that is), or ""influence people's dreams to reshape reality""? Those are two very different concepts, and yet they're mixed up in the same dialogue.Finally... It was all about choices so far. We got to decide people's lives or deaths, we got to watch the Balance icon shift this way or another... And in the end, Zoe simply calls Helena ""insane"" and prefers to help destroy Eingana, without a single thought that maybe, just maybe, ""rebooting the world, without disease, without violence"" might actually be a GOOD thing, if possible? No moral dilemmas, no free will versus wise control?All this looks as if the storywriter for the previous four Books got fired, and a new one was brought in for the last Book, and he/she did as good a job as they could after being given only 10 minutes to acquaint themselves with the whole story so far.Book Five belongs in a different game, in a different reality. A damn shame. The first four Books are truly magical, enthralling and a true pleasure to play - but Book Five just deserves a rewrite."
76561198076338399,Recommended,237850,24084232,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,gab_cocoaloco,"LOVE THIS GAME!!Great Game, Good Graphics, Awesome Soundtrack, Decision Making Skills, Absolute AMAZING GAME!!!I Have had this game on my wishlist for a while and finallly bought it on a Steam Sale for around 10 bucks.Great!!I LOVE this game and hope you do too.5 Stars!!10/10"
76561198047140197,Recommended,237850,24284036,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mays,"Solid 20 hours of game on the first playthrough. I loved it and was generally sad to realise that the game was over. Puzzle aspect of the game is weak, most of the time it felt like a burden and obsticle, only in a couple of times puzzle element influenced the story. But it's the story that is pure gold here. Even more flavor can be added by playing through Dreamfall: The Longest Jorney first."
,Recommended,237850,23944482,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,detalikota,I recommend
76561197969417125,Recommended,237850,24767163,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Dreamfall Chapters is an adventure game, and its the third game in the series which also includes The Longest Journey, and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.The story takes place on two worlds which exist in different dimensions, Earth (also known as Stark), which is focused on science, and Arcadia, which is focused on magic. Earth is only inhabited by Humans, most of whom don't know that Arcadia exists, whereas Arcadia is also inhabited by several different races, and the whole parallel worlds thing is common knowledge. A very small number of people have the ability to travel between worlds.The player controls two characters, Zoe Castillo, who lives on Earth, and Kian Alvane, who lives on Arcadia. Zoe is just an ordinary young woman, struggling to figure out what to do with her life, until she gets caught up in a sinister plot involving the world's leading entertainment company and their dream machines (similar to Virtual Reality devices, but the user is asleep and has control over their dreams). Kian is a soldier for the Azadi nation, who starts to realise that his people are kind of evil, and the massive tower they're building might not actually be a good thing.Gameplay involves making dialogue choices during conversations with other characters, and quite often there are decisions to make which will influence how the story plays out. There's also plenty of opportunity to explore and interact with the environment, and a decent amount of puzzle solving.Zoe's character and storyline are really interesting. She's got a family and a boyfriend, and she's living in a massive city called Europolis, the year is something like 2220 so the technology is advanced, there are huge skyscrapers, neon lights, vibrant music, and the city is alive with people wandering around, doing their own thing.By contrast, I found Kian's sections to be a bit dull. He's completely lacking in personality, and he's a soldier in a game that features no combat, so he's just kind of pointless. And even though Arcadia is supposed to be full of magic, you don't really see it very often. The main city, Marcuria, is much smaller and quieter than Europolis, and at times just feels a bit dead. The one good thing about Arcadia is a supporting character called Crow. He's a talking bird, and he is awesome, much more entertaining than Kian.Voice acting is really good all around (including Kian - its the same actor who gave a good performance in Dragon Age 2 as male Hawke, so I think the problem with this character lies more with the script than the actor). The graphics look fantastic. I didn't get a consistent 60 FPS, but that's not really necessary in this kind of slow paced adventure, so I left all the settings at max. I didn't suffer any bugs or crashes, and I played with my X360 controller. It took me 25 hours to finish, so value for money is good at full price.Dreamfall Chapters is a really enjoyable game, and if you like a good story, I definitely recommend playing this. Even though I've been quite negative about Kian, the game is still worth playing for Zoe's story, as well as every scene involving Crow. I would also strongly advise you to play Dreamfall: TLJ (the second game in the series) first, because that game ends in a cliff-hanger, and DC continues directly on from that point. I think you need to play D:TLJ to fully understand the story of DC.However, I'd say you can probably skip The Longest Journey (the first game in the series). While some characters do appear in all 3 games, the story from the first game doesn't really have much relevance for the other 2 games. (TLJ is also harder to recommend because its a more stereotypical point and click adventure, involving puzzles based around crazy logic and combining random objects)."
,Recommended,237850,24905405,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Trias,Worth every second of play.
76561198010899517,Recommended,237850,24511266,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,A Kodiak Sloth,"Excellent visuals, great soundtrack, and storytelling at its finest!9/10I recommend playing Dreamfall: The Longest Journey prior to this"
76561198013386248,Recommended,237850,24669460,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bonnie Gruesome,"Okay, I'm re-writing my original review because when I wrote it, the game only had one chapter :PI just finished the whole thing and wow! It's a fabulous experiance for fans and maybe even for newcomers as it does explain some elements of the past games enough to let newbies enjoy it too.I love the character designs, from surreal to highly decorated, to creepy and etherial. I have only one gripe: clues, or rather lack of! The puzzles are well thought out and logical but there's no clues on how to complete them and you really have to hunt high and low for the solutions which can take half an hour to fourty five minutes, I think all the game needs to be perfect is a hint system or introduction of better clues in the objecttives. Aside from that I really enjoyed it a lot, shame it's all over now *cries*Farewell Stark, Arcadia, April, Zoe, Crow and everyone else, it's been a fabulous journey all these years, and in the future, when more years pass, I'll pick it up again and enjoy it once more. :)"
,Recommended,237850,24521368,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gf2588,"Let's be honest, its not a real adventure game, more like an interactive movie (nobody expected hard quests from it tbh). Animation and other technical things could be better... But who cares? I'm a long time fan, from the very beginning. Still one of my favorite series. Touching, mysterious, colorful, immersive. One of the greatest worlds I've ever seen in games (and I've seen a lot of them). Deep, diverse characters, you really like them. They make you laugh and cry, even if they move like robots. And this plot... never seen anything like that. I cried in the end and I don't care.Yes, may be I don't judge this game rationally. Clearly it has faults (it is a Kickstarter project for god's sake, nobody expected a technological marvel). But for me it is just love. It is the connection on emotional level. I guess you need to be a fan of the trilogy to truly understand this. Otherwise you can be disappointed and I get why there are negative reviews.I whish this Longest Journey never ended..."
,Recommended,237850,28696988,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Z o,"If you're a fan of story driven games, this one is wonderful.But it's not perfect.  In fact there's a lot that I would want to improve about it - better puzzles and more freedom to find solutions to them, for instance.  Some of the puzzles were a bit frustrating to figure out the solutions to, and it wasn't like they were hard and then very satisfying to solve: they were just frustrating.  For instance (and this isn't necessarily the best or only example, it's just the one that comes to mind) during one of the missions you have to figure out a way to distract a guard.  You can think of a million different ways to do it, but sadly the game is limiting to the degree that there's only one solution that is written into the game, and it's not even necessarily the most obvious one.However, the characters, settings, and stories that make up Dreamfall Chapters are really cool.  And so is the soundtrack.  I found myself inspired by many of the themes and story elements in this game (for instance, in the scientific half of the Twin Worlds of Dreamfall, Stark, many of the inhabitants of the city Europolis are ""dream junkies."" The junkies wear ""dream machines"" and essentially jack in and check out, finding better lives for themselves inside of their dreams - you can see how that kind of thing poses some philosophical questions!).I'll openly admit some bias, as I really enjoyed playing Dreamfall: The Longest Journey on X-Box now over a decade ago.  So I bought Chapters upon its release, and have been playing each ""book"" as they came out.  I won't say this game is one that really digs its claws in and demands to be finished right away.  It took me more than a year to finish it, and that's not _only_ because of the way the game was released.  But the story is interesting, and there's enough to chew on, that it's a satisfying play and you'll remember what's going on every time you pick it back up.This game won't be right for everyone.  It's not action packed, there's no precision timing or jumping or aiming, and there's no combat.  But strip away some of the frustrating mechanics of how the game works and there's a beautiful and sincere story being told with a very rich cast of characters."
76561198032089070,Recommended,237850,25108420,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,cameronipizza,"Great ending, I hope there are more games in this series focusing on April. I`ll be deeply saddened if there isn't."
76561198079227416,Recommended,237850,23657329,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,rashidov,This is the most beautiful that happened in my gaming life.
,Recommended,237850,15113493,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Flat,"Cyberpunk meets Fantasy. Dreamfall has always been one of my favorite games and Dreamfall Chapters does not disappoint. Every choice in the game you make from the scripted choices to little conversations makes a difference in the story. No one playthrough will be the same if you make different choices. The only bad part is it always leaves you wanting more, especially the foreshadowing at the end of each book."
76561198067707518,Recommended,237850,14831038,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,TheoBell_08,"Incredible, Stunning, Dazzling, Exquisite Game! A Worthy sequel to the The Longest journey and Dreamfall. I highly recommend playing the previous games otherwise this one is not going to make any sense. Beautiful Vistas and great puzzles solves. A new take on a dialogue wheel. Very cinematic!"
76561198126679450,Recommended,237850,14838945,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,lizalou42,I don't write reviews so trust me when I tell you this game is worth buying. ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT in all aspects.
76561198193091013,Recommended,237850,23630319,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mmike24,"Oh my god, oh my god oh my god oh my god. This was one of the greatest video game experiences I've had in my life. I loved the characters so much, all the way through all 3 games. So well done. Holy, wow!!! :')"
76561198077719495,Recommended,237850,20265705,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,babydollpinup,"Amazing follow up to The Longest Journey and The Longest Journey:Dreamfall! Lengthy game play with a multitude of different choices the player can make and changes these choices can make to the storyline. Lots of dialogue but it's well written and interesting to listen to as well as storyline related (no pointless rambling here). This game, like the previous two games in the series, has the same feel as a science fiction-fantasy novel. You've got a futuristic technology ruled dimension, a medieval sort of yee olen dimension, and a multitude of different species characters all mixed together in visually beautiful settings. If you liked the previous two games you will like Dreamfall Chapters. If you haven't played the first two games you can still follow the story of this one but you miss out on a lot of references/details in the story."
,Recommended,237850,24371965,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Regyptian,"3th and last game in the series, and I enjoyed it as much as the previous games.The choice and repercussion elements were cool.Aside from that, excellent story, characters, dialogue - as always.Shitbot for the win!If you're thinking of playing this game, make sure you play the previous ones first.Now I'm gonna sit in a corner and cry, because this marvelous journey has finally come to an end..."
,Recommended,237850,25747091,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,lancebaines,"Dreamfall: Chapters is the third instalment of The Longest Journey Franchise. First there was a point and click adventure called The Longest Journey staring a female protagonist called April Ryan. I cannot comment heavily on that game because it is the one I have not completed. From what I have heard it is considered one of the best adventure/point and click games of it's generation/all time with an outstanding story which I believe is the greatest asset about all three of these games. In 2006 Dreamfall: The Longest Journey was released and is one my personal favourite story driven games ever. I think Zoe Castillo the main female protagonist of both Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: Chapters is a great character and is personally my favourite female protagonist of all time. When I played and completed the game I felt very emotional about the story and the world and had so many questions due to the cliff hanger ending.I never had any idea that there would be follow up to it and was very excited when Dreamfall: Chapters was announced. Dreamfall: Chapters took an episodic approach which I'm personally not a great fan of, however that doesn't means anything now as the whole game is fully released. I was very excited during Book One trying to get answers to the questions left at the end of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey. However by mid Book Two I really lost interest and was very disappointed and felt like it wasn't a good successor to the prequel. I left the game for a good six months, by which time all the Books had been released. I came back to it and started to become invested again in Book Three to Book Four. I personally felt that the ending was very good and satisfied my answers to the cliff hanger at the end of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey that was my primary reason for being so invested in Dreamfall: Chapters.As a game I personally don't think Dreamfall: Chapters gameplay is great. This game is a puzzle/adventure game but I personally thought it was a mediocre experience at best in this area. All combat has been removed from Dreamfall: Chapters, not that this is a really bad thing as it was a very basic system in Dreamfall: The Longest JourneySubjectively this series story I feel is as good as The Last Of Us, I'm sure a lot of people may disagree but that's a personal belief. The reason I say this is because not many games have made me feel as emotional at the end of the game like these two series have.Gameplay 6/10Story 10/10I recommend this game and also this is not just a recommendation for Dreamfall: Chapters I recommend playing Dreamfall: The Longest Journey as well before this and maybe the first game in the series The Longest Journey before that to give you a better understanding of the world and the characters than I believe the recap available does.Update: Just updating this review as I nominated it for The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award as part of the Autumn 2016 Steam sale and one of the tasks is to update a review for a nomination to receive the badge."
76561198103022618,Recommended,237850,23872530,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gruff Griff,"I think I may have liked these games a little bit more had I not fallen COMPLETELY head over heels in love with The Longest Journey so many years ago. My expectations were set REALLY high. Seriously, best. adventure. game. ever.Having said that, Dreamfall Chapters made me cry - in a good way. THANK YOU TO RAGNAR TORNQUIST & TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED CREATE THIS MAGNIFICENT PIECE OF ART. I will forever be in love with April, Crow, Cortez, Zoe, and all of the other colorful characters that brought Stark, Arcadia, and the multiverse to life."
,Recommended,237850,23864934,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,gaddarmice,"It's an essential game! Every gamer should give it a shot. Especially if you're adventurer gamer then this is gonna make your mind blow away... This is one of the most emotional and touching story I have ever felt in a game. Last time I felt those feelings in a game was ICO and Shadow of the Colossus. Dreamfall Chapters is did an amazing conclusion to the TLJ series. Besides I have to mention that the sci-fi vs medieval / technology vs magic theme was perfect harmony along the journey.Be aware! if you never played TLJ or especially Dreamfall TLJ then play at least Dreamfall TLJ or you miss most of glory story pieces, memo, jokes, character backgrounds and much more. Inside the main menu there is a 'Story Recap' section that shows you some major story breakpoints but it's really not enough to make your bound strongest with this game. Thankfully, I have retail copy of Dreamfall TLJ on my shelf and I'm really pleased to play it before dive into the Dreamfall Chapters.The art style, voice acting and musics in this game is tremendously amazing and exquisite. Only chunky thing is the unstable fps performance because of performance optimization limitation of the Unity Engine. Other than that book five 'Redux' has really limited player interaction and that could be annoying for some players.Thank you Ragnar Tornquist for your amazing writing skill and imagination, thank you Funcom and Red Thread Games to help Ragnar Tornquist to bring us an unforgettable journey, this was the longest and greatest journey. I hope we get good news from TLJH. I will dream of it and wish it turn into reality in someday. From now, this amazing TLJ series become my one of the most beloved and fevourite game of all time for sure."
76561198047284715,Recommended,237850,24617421,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,xXvalkyrieXx,"An epic game and a true work of art with an amazeing story, hope to see more!!!!!"
76561197991552169,Recommended,237850,24026011,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wraithseer,Best. Story. Ever.
,Recommended,237850,24340288,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,funtapaz,Amazing storytelling. I wish there were going to be more set in this universe.
76561198000026711,Recommended,237850,13862820,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jukka,Good. It's nice to get conclusion to the story.There is one little annoying thing. I played Dreamfall last week and now Zoë have a new voice actress. The different accent makes her a different person.
76561198315369321,Recommended,237850,32606821,Posted: 20 June,all,D.Rich,"Despite many plot holes and gameplay flaws, this game is still beautiful, atmospheric and inspiring enough to very highly recommend."
,Recommended,237850,19459583,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Maria,New update WOOOHOOO
,Recommended,237850,13861087,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,3Dguy,"Yes, I do enjoy playing this game. But I think it's mostly because I enjoyed the earlier games so much. I have logged 8.3 hours, but I am pretty sure 7.5 of those hours was just walking around the city, one place to the next.  It's fun to listen to the denizen's conversations, but grows old very quickly."
76561198156848301,Recommended,237850,30974114,Posted: 5 April,all,DyingRose,"If I could I would relive the whole story of all three games. It was such a beautiful experience. I recommend the series to anyone and everyone of all ages. It's beautifully created, and beautifully scripted.One of my favorite games, if not my favorite.Beautiful music.Beautiful script.Beautiful characters.Beautiful words.Enter Arcadia, Enter Stark.Find Her, Save Her!Start with The Longest Journey, then Dreamfall, and last but not least Dreamfall Chapters."
76561198064059779,Recommended,237850,30246234,Posted: 28 February,all,CupCaKeZsZ,I would definitely recommend this game if you like playing adventure and puzzle games.The first time i got introduced to this game was when The Longest Journey came out since then I've played every Longest Journey game.
,Recommended,237850,25335413,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Blood,I love this game so much.
,Recommended,237850,12963187,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Malificarr,"Really good. Excellent narrative, voice acting and immersive world."
,Recommended,237850,12936672,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Paradoxicles,"I'll try and keep this updated as the new Books are released, but no promises.If you played both The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, you're in for a treat! Book One is only about 4 hours long, but it provides a nice intro to the game world and provides a refresher video on the story so far on the initial run of the game. There's even some closure in the opening cutscene of April Ryan's fate from the end of Dreamfall, but I'm sure she'll turn up at some point or another later on.The gameplay is the same as in the original Dreamfall, minus the horrendous stealth and combat: you explore the world in third-person perspective and interact with objects and NPCs to complete puzzles, which are fairly easy but I'm sure there will be more difficult ones as new Books are released. The internal monologues that accompany the choices in the game don't adhere to a strict moral alignment, but that allows you to pick the best response to fit the current situation. At certain points you have to make a major choice that will affect the outcome of the story in later Books; the first of these is made just before Zoe leaves the Storytime and the result is seen shortly afterwards, but any larger repercussions of this choice have yet to be made manifest.The voice acting is superb and so is the dialogue. The facial expressions are a little stiff, but it doesn't detract from the overall experience at all. The music is, as expected, just a delight to listen to and is one of the sole reasons why you should get the Special Edition. The artwork is amazing, don't get me wrong, but I could listen to the soundtrack non-stop and never get bored of it.The city of Propast in Europolis, where most of the gameplay in Book One takes place, is absolutely stunning. Most of the performance issues mentioned in other reviews are due to this area, but the issues have been largely resolved with a recent patch by the developers. If you love you some dystopian science fiction, cyberpunk and George Orwell, then this city has all you could ever need. I can't wait to see what they've done with Marcuria over in Arcadia!If you're a fan of the original two games, then get this game now!10/10"
76561198042837543,Recommended,237850,14932738,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Akie,"Christmas -99, I unwrap my very own copy of The Longest Journey. Ever since, it's played as a template for my version of the perfect adventure game. Good voice actors, compelling story, challanging puzzles, you can't die. Many years later, Dreamfall is finally released and the disapointment was overwhealming. Terrible gameplay, good story though. Believe me when I say that I had high restrictions when this game hit the market cos I was sure it was going to be another failure. Go figure - I absolutely love it! Yes, the ""puzzles"" are pathetic and shouldn't even be CALLED puzzles, but the story! I feel dreed before every conversational choice, every story changing decision.. I'm seriouly considering installing this game on another computer, ONLY to see where different choices would lead me - and I only just finished the second book! Damn if I will have to wait another 5-something months for the next part! I want it now!"
76561198038045201,Recommended,237850,14980580,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,†﻿Dr.Gainz†,"Too early to tell if it's going to be better than Dreamfall the Longest Journey, But so far it's really good!+ Voice acting+ Deep Immerserve steampunk world+ Music!+ DialogueBesides some annoying visual bugs ( that you will get used to and ignore ) It's an amazing game and I'm so glad to see the series continue!"
76561198065076365,Recommended,237850,14818331,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hathor,100% Best adventure on market
76561198022143151,Recommended,237850,13168778,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ritch,"Intriguing story, delivered perfectly"
76561197975368055,Recommended,237850,21956347,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Libertycrumpet the Lesser,"Recommended for anyone who enjoyed The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.This game is divided into multiple books (episodes), none of which reset the chapter counter.  I was confused by this at first.  It makes more sense to think of the game as a volume of books with continuing chapters (book 1 is chapters 1-3, book 2 is chapters 3-5, that kind of thing).With that said, give it until at least book 3 (chapter 6-7).  I wish books 1-2 were a bit more palatable.  The foul language and tense personal relationships just ground a bit on me because, in a game full of decisions, I had little control over them except at a high level.  Oh well.  I got past it.  Chapter 3 is where it took off.  Some of the early decisions can have big ramifications, but the thing is, you can only guess at their ramifications.  There is no combat.  The tension that combat might usually serve is replaced by decisions that you can only make once (unless you reload prior to the decision and do it again).The music is setting appropriate, the scripting is clever (Enu is great, as is the best bird in gaming, Crow) and taps into events in previous Longest Journey games, the voice acting is clear and fleshes out the characters (again, props to Enu and Crow), and despite a bug now and then (as of this writing, 3-20-2016), I would recommend this game.  21 hours in and I'm through book 4 and waiting for book 5!  If I was faster at some of the puzzles, a playthrough would have been a couple hours shorter."
,Recommended,237850,33746846,Posted: 23 July,all,EliasSakarias,A fitting end to the longest journey
76561198023660824,Recommended,237850,23500358,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Wolfsspinne,"With one of the most epic stories you can playthrough in advendure games, this game is sure worth buying.But if you want to experience and understand the full story you HAVE to play ""The Longest Journey"" and ""Dreamfall: The Longest Journey"" first."
76561198137520662,Recommended,237850,17522086,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,WrenTheRed,"Worth it, if not just for Shitbot."
76561198108628627,Recommended,237850,13211637,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,haituva,"Very promising, and too short!I loved The Longest Journey, but Dreamfall couldn't quite keep my attention and I never finished it. This first part of DF Chapters seems a good start, but it was over too quickly, especially as a lot of time was spent just running around from place to place. Felt like a demo, really. If all chapters are as short as this, I'll be a bit disappointed. Also, it's maybe a bit too easy, like many adventures nowadays. I'd love to see more ""combine items in ingenious ways to achieve something great"" type of action - let's not forget the lovely floating ducky :)."
,Recommended,237850,12623537,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,32MegaPowah,"I'll say this right now. If you haven't played the previous two gamesThe Longest JourneyorDreamfallplease go out and play them, even if you only playDreamfall. This game references them heavily, requiring the player to have some prerequisite knowledge in order to put events in the game into context. Thankfully it doesn't sacrifice the pace of the story in lieu of accessibility.It's a recurring theme actually. In a choice between story and something else, this game chooses the former. Every single time. You'll need to set your own expectations, if you come into this expecting something akin to a fantastic interactive story with some extremely well realised characters, you will not be disappointed. If you're the type of person that gets bored with dialogue and skips cutscenes to carry on playing then refrain from purchasing it.Like Myst, Gone Home, and The Walking Dead, this is an experience that requires you to take a back seat, and just enjoy the narrative presented. After seeing a presentation from Red Thread a year or two back, I was worried that the new choice system would be a cliched binary ""save the puppy"" or ""eat the puppy alive"" moral dichotomy, and that it would compromise the main characters' intended personalities. Thankfully that isn't the case. Choices never fall outside their conceivable paths of action, but there are clear distinctions between them. Neither do a lot of them centre on a moral choice, instead them being a personal one.Art direction is as fantastic as ever, and they really manage to drive home the wider state of the world, particularly in Europolis. Last time around it was Arcadia that blew me away so it's a nice change. There are some flaws in execution, such as weirdly skinned characers, art assets that can be a little rough, and some minor shader issues. But if you a consider it a tradeoff to prevent a situation as in Dragon Age 2 where areas and assets were just constantly re-used I'd happily take it.I do have issues with framerate in some parts, but since I haven't updated my drivers in ever I'll refrain from making a judgement on it just yet.tl;dr: If you played and like the previous two, it offers everything they did and more. You won't be disappointed with it. If you're new to the franchise purchase and play the previous one first, if not both. If you like them buy this one. If you hate games with cutscenes and dialogue, only wanting to get to the next level, then stay away like the plague."
76561198102143738,Recommended,237850,12782892,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jarithom,"I really enjoyed this game and such a refreshing change from the blood and gore and violence of so many games today. This is a game I can share with my kids. We have played all the previous Dreamfall games and have been waiting impatiently for this one. What I like about it: the atmosphere of Propast is extremely well done and it was fascinating to just explore. I like that you can make choices that affect the way the game unfolds although it is not clear in what way it affects the game as yet. Kudos to the developers for doing some radical things including role-playing Saga, a toddler! It was so cute to listen to her babbling and giggling as I explored the house and tried to dodge Dad to get to the shiny sparkly thing!  The characters are not stereotypes, there is no gratuitous cleavage, what a change that is!  What I don't like about it: there is not much to get one's teeth into yet but hopefully that will come. Also the people of Propast: no kids (except one), very few old people, no fat people, body types are the same (i.e. ""ideal"") (great that there is a lot of ethnic diversity though). But the main problem for me is that I have to wait for the next chapter!!!!!"
,Recommended,237850,12728163,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TheManko,"Dreamfall Chapters is now over, and as a fan of this series I'm a bit split over what to think. The game not only follows up on the end of Dreamfall, it also ties together its story with The Longest Journey to make this a trilogy, and not a series of standalone games. The story ends up being so big, with so many pieces moving at once, that it'll take some time after to sort out just what happened in the end.It's palpable just how strained for resources the development team of Dreamfall Chapters was. They do the best they can, but you often sense how shortcuts were made to avoid animating characters as much as possible. The character animations were always a weakness of this series, so at this point it's tradition for it to be the weakest aspect. Thankfully, the traditional strengths of the series are still here, with music being very good, and the overall art direction and rendering being almost good enough to make up for the animation. But it's also clear how this is a lower budget title than the original Dreamfall, as it holds up remarkably well in comparison to this.What also makes the creaky production values evident is how ambitious the game is. There's multiple branching paths through the game, leading to a myriad of different endings. How this plays out is unfortunate, as the scenes don't flow together particularly well. The seams between the alternative scenes is sharp, as the game fades out and loads between each scene. So while it was exciting in the moment to make a choice, as you couldn't predict the outcome, it came at a cost of a fractured ending.As for the content of the ending, I'm not sure how I feel yet. Some of the scenes were good, others were a bit too obvious, without the resonance and power you'd hope for in an ending, owing to how it felt like a part of separate scenes shown to you like interchangeable blocks. Some of the mysteries are revealed in ways that don't live up to how powerful they were while they were unsolved. One of the great strengths of the series has been how the mysterious otherworldly realm of dreams and magic evoke a genuine sense of wonder. Having it be explained reduced its power. At the same time, some parts of the story I wanted answers to remain unexplained, creating a double whammy of disappointment in learning the truth, and frustration at not knowing more.Despite all this, I'm still positive about Dreamfall Chapters as a whole. It consistently created scenes that were exciting on multiple levels. It wasn't afraid to put political themes in its storyline, and have the story be about them,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off parts of the fanbase in the process. It's a bit messy, with some character relations not clicking with me, and many jokes falling flat. But I could look past those things, as it was still charming enough to work. I can be unforgiving of flaws in slick big budget productions. But in this game, where it feels like a miracle anything ended up on screen at all, I can look past the execution and see what they were going for. This is a million times more ambitious, and tries to say a thousand more things than most games do. I appreciate the effort.The audience for Dreamfall Chapters is narrow. It demands you've played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall to completion. This isn't the entry point for the series. But as an ending, it's good enough. It has loads of problems, but I'm certain the majority of people who play this after the first two games will be happy with it. It's been a long time coming, but I'm glad it finally got an ending, even if I would've wanted it to be better. But under the circumstances, it couldn't be better."
,Recommended,237850,14865436,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,KellFromHell (D/S),Everything I need to say about this game is in this video :)https://youtu.be/Mv7BdOY_Vdg
,Recommended,237850,13178293,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Black Heart Goddess,"Being such a big fan of The Longest Journey and Dreamfall I was looking forward to this new episodic series, and I must say I'm not disappointed at all with the first episode, Reborn. Yes, its different again from Dreamfall, with a little less gameplay, but, there are good puzzles in it and quite a lot of character development and story. The graphics are superb, a step up from Dreamfall. I think this game is a must have for The Longest Journey fans (and also adventure gamers). 9/10."
76561197972110072,Not Recommended,237850,30226716,Posted: 27 February,all,Nobsteele,"Loved the first two games... both had me hooked from the outset.This, however, had me bored rigid after an hour of gameplay...Tedious dialog.Boring puzzles.Boring characters.Dull story.After the 'puzzle' with the boat and algae I just gave up... it just wasn't fair to subject my brain to the tedium any longer.Massively disappointed with this addition to the franchise... and I was waiting for so long after playing TLJ:Dreamfall!"
,Recommended,237850,19245656,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,J. Cobe,"Beautyfull world(s), Internal monologs of main characters, puzzles and story with some unrevelated parts. Story driven and very emotional game."
,Recommended,237850,12603229,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Crimsomnia,"Since the game is not complete, just pointing out this is a review regarding Book 1 of Dreamfall Chapters.I believe it's safe to say that this game should be exactly what a Dreamfall fan could hope for. There's been so much hard work and dedication put into the making of it, I fail to see any cons. I put my faith completely blind in it and even though I am always sceptical in such situations I finished the game being absolutely mesmerized and hungry for more! It's a sequel with nothing ruined (that's a big deal these days...) : the characters, the plot, the choices, all live up to their past. There's also a thorough briefing for those new to the series and a cool new feature where you can (not necessarily) see what decisions other people made before you make up your mind. I finished the game twice and am still going for more playthroughs to make sure I have covered everything it has to offer.TL;DR: Awesome graphics, engaging plot, decision making, easy controls but lacking in character animating and... a bit short. 9/10P.S. The trailers aren't impressive. But a great game on the inside doesn't need a fancy ribbon."
76561198043317551,Recommended,237850,19231361,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,k.nylen,"Fantastic game and very active developers! RedThreadGames goes way and beyond to be there for the community, answering questions and frequently update on the progress of the chapters. It's a big leap to do the sequel to the game Dreamfall - The Longest Journey, as well as The Longest Journey. There has been many opinions about how the story is throught trough or not, if you tie ends together with the games before. I'm one of those who thinks it's a good way to continue the story from previous games and I feel like they keep the mystic feeling about that something is amiss while at the same time moving forward to an answer. Some choices seem very easy in the beginning but this game constantly reminds you to expect the unexptected. The more you play, the more you try to get the puzzle together about what is happening.I think I did about 5 play throughs for the currently released chapters (3) and each time I got to experience something new. There are main choices that put you in an certain direction and the smaller choices in dialogues and situations shape who you are and how others perceive you.  I think the game is stunningly beautiful. especially the clothing of the main characters and how they move and talk. You are there, in the world, not just watching it from your computer monitor. When a game makes you feel that, it's a game worth playing :)"
,Recommended,237850,13310201,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,chrisie81,"I've not played very far into the story but so far I like what I see. The story pretty much carries on from Dreamfall The Longest Journey, also has a story so far if you need a refresher. The gameplay is slightly different, once you get use to it, it works quite well. The graphics are amazing, I'm looking forward to where the story goes, just hope it isn't ruined by being split into episodes, which is becoming popular with many games these days.All in all a good game so far, you like adventures and puzzles then this is for you."
,Recommended,237850,20214061,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ectobunny,"The game is honestly one of the best choice matters games out there. The characters are so good, they are what makes the game worth it. Very diverse, and so much character development!The main characters, Zoe and Kian, are both people of color, and Kian is super gay too.Graphics of the game is 10/10. A lot better than The Longest Journey. Scenery is honestly the biggest part of it.Although, be warned, if you are looking for something to kill, this is probably not the game for you. It has little to no action, but it doesn't meant to have. It's meant to be very story rich and grabs you in. It's almost like watching a movie, only you tell the characters what to do.Honestly, I've been hooked! Worth the buy, worth the try!"
,Not Recommended,237850,23722847,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Choir.,"I really want to like this game, but I don't, I can't and I won't.I'll make it quick:FPS is all over the placebugs are not uncommonthe game actively tries to waste your time in arevolutionary90s adventure games style: find something relevant to interact with in a vast area of nothingness to advance the plotthe plot is a Well of Vagueness, mixed with a mishmash of cultures, mixed with delusions of a person suffering from a messiah complex. Writting is stilted and immature, characters` motivations vary from highly questionable to non-existent, humor is... just whatever.voice acting is a mixed bagthe game beats you over the head with decisions you've made. I get it, I see that mountain and I can go there. Now, ♥♥♥♥ off.And, oh, at some point, in order to advance the story you are forced to catch andhorrificallymurder a rat to distract a few guards. I can choose between sausages and cheese soup for the protagonist's boyfriend launch, but I can't choose not to shred a rat to a billion pieces? Okay, lovely, whatever.♥♥♥♥ this, I'm out."
,Not Recommended,237850,31280929,Posted: 21 April,all,Thevenin167,"Too much modern politics, not enough life changing philosophy. Major dissappointment in comparison to 'The Longest Journey' which feels like it was written by different people."
,Recommended,237850,12605655,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,[butts] mlem,A+ 10/10 would awkwardly hit on my therapist again
,Recommended,237850,23712483,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,neko_takeshi,i love dream fall and the longest journey  the story was amazing im so happy i was able to finaly see the end of the story with dreamfall chapters .... the ending of book 5 made me cry so much ... what a wounder ride its been seeing the story unfold
76561198112952845,Recommended,237850,23693522,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Amarth,"Oh no, it´s the end of the story. :-(I love this game!"
,Recommended,237850,23635940,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,acup48,I simply love this game and the whole series! I really really hope this is not the end of the longest journey
76561198214420373,Recommended,237850,19464220,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,xxChocolateCookieCrumbsxx,"Saga'sso Pretty, I WANTHER AMAZING OMBRE HAIR>.<"
,Recommended,237850,19555232,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Haunty,"(As of end of book 4) Very beautiful game. The story is interesting and epic, but not too dramatic or game of thronesish. There is quite a bit of humor also. The episodes (books) are long and I like how it switches between two characters (plus a 3rd ""interlude"" character). Some of the puzzles are tedious but they are not all like that. Way better experience than Dreamfall: TLJ."
,Recommended,237850,20338555,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Clumsy,I cheated my way through puzzles ...10/10would cheat again.
76561198069248126,Recommended,237850,20344578,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Vinniq,2 hours in to the game and i really like it
76561198118642472,Recommended,237850,20432404,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,BigSharkX,I think this was actually the best game I played so far.
,Recommended,237850,20384613,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kogaira,10/10Would test Shitbot again.
76561198040081056,Recommended,237850,19986046,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MOCHI MOCHI,"I've never fallen in love with a story in a game as much as I have with The Longest Journey. Dreamfall Chapters continues this saga, and it pulled me in. I'm definitely going to play again and see what other choices affect the future of Dreamtime."
,Recommended,237850,20051695,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,yupinka,The story of this game is so deep and interesting you will have problems to turn-off your PC  ir console or  whatewer and go to sleep.
,Recommended,237850,20027981,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[FFM] Sozo,"Quite possibly one of the best games i have played in a long while. Great story, acting, graphics, writing, dialogue, whatever, amazing game all around, if you want a great story, play this game."
,Recommended,237850,28827823,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Strong,"The game features a grand story and continues in the setting of the previous game. I enjoyed the previous thus enjoyed this one. Although not every question I had during the previous games got answered, the game was fulfilling. The downside though, while it was story rich, the puzzles seemed at some time random. The choices you make didn't seem grant and didn't seem to effect the real outcome, only side stories. The story itself and the environments where great, detailed and exciting."
,Recommended,237850,23641202,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,robddr400,"My first comments ever for a much loved game.I loved this story over the years, it's sad to finally come to an end. Wonderfully written and engaging, a joy from start to finish.I will go back and try mutiple paths, and hopefully enjoy the replay as much as the intial games. It will be the first game I have replayed.If you were ever only thinking about playing this series, strop....buy all of the games and begin your journey."
76561198093916438,Recommended,237850,23672704,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,pantspants,"Wonderful to have the story finally completed. The orginal Longest Journey is one of my top 5 favorite adventure games. Of course beautiful art and world immersion- though the game plays more like an interactive movie than an adventure game. Barley any real puzzles. Of course I still recommend it because it closes the circle and finishes a (very great and very long time coming) story- though I am disapointed it doesn't play like a real adventure game. I have a feeling that the rush to get this game out on ""schedule"" played a part in this."
,Recommended,237850,23679062,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,TheSchlep,"Strong on narraitive and imagination. There are some truly wonderful moments of dialouge, charaterization, and scenery. This is offset by some attrocious animation ( most likely attributed to the budget) and some serious flaws in gameplay. This is a very hard game to casualy reccomend to everyone - however, since you are even considering buying this game I will assume that you are not a typical gamer. This game was sometimes frusterating to ""play"", but I was not dissapointed 30 hours later when I reached the conclusion. You'll laugh, cry, and occasionally want to smash your keyboard over your head in anger at some of the lack luster mechanics/design implementation.Side note - After warming up to him, Crow is BAR NONE the most entertaining character in all of video games. Made my day every time he'd open his little beak."
76561198246309134,Recommended,237850,23843374,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SakuraBlue,"I bought this game now during steam summer sale for 10,19€ and man, that was a catch. I have seldomly enjoyed a gameplay as much as I have enjoyed Dreamfall Chapters up to this point. The main characters as well as the supporting characters are beautifully written, you just CAN'T possibly dislike them. I got especially drawn to this whole world of the Stark universe with Zoë being the protagonist. I don't mean to say Arcadia was less good, but the whole dream-machine, flying adbots, EYE surveillance society got me caught up! I think Tørnquist and Scheve mentioned to build up a game universe with a potential upcoming fanbase which can be compared to games like Fallout 4, GTA or the witcher. Although- If you're looking for a first-person shooting or fighting adventure this is the wrong game for you. You solve missions by interacting with objects or people or make decisions, that will be important for the games outcome, yes-but you won't get to climb/attack or jump on anything particularly. To me this wasn't bothersome by any means and If there's more sequels coming up, written by Tørnquist and Scheve in the future - I'll be sure to look at it."
76561198102228266,Recommended,237850,23821258,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zanthius,"I have never played the 2 previous games in this series. This game reminds me in some ways about puzzle-advendture games I used to play in the 90's (King's quest, The Legend of Kyrandia, and so on), in that it focuses only on story and puzzle-solving, rather than also on character development (like in role playing games). I kinda like this type of game more, as I find hack and slash quite boring. Most of the puzzles are quite easy, but some of them might be a bit tricky.I love the story in this game, and I love the main characters in this game (particularly Zoe). I also love that I can play this game in linux. Overall, this might be one of the best games I have every played."
,Recommended,237850,23637319,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Qrill,8 Crow out of 10
76561198183674851,Recommended,237850,24267442,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ielenia,"Wow. After all this years the story is finally over... And I still want more! The game is wonderful and I really recommended it. Beautiful graphics, storyline, music, interesting characters (not mentioning the Crow, who I think is one of the best :P ). Thank you Red Thread Games for this awsome story - and remember - we want more!"
,Recommended,237850,23725361,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[BritYank] Tom,"Polished and perfected, a lot more approachable and user friendly than TLJ and Dreamfall.So far the plot's been great, and the music has been awesome too."
76561198055359056,Recommended,237850,24248000,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Merinsan,"Books 1-4 were great, and posed so many questions. There were problems that needed solving, and you needed to put quite a bit of time into it. You could spend a lot of time exploring and looking at completely irrelevant things.Book 5 answered those questions, but not in a very satisfying way. Book 5 was short and much of the book was cut scenes to explain things. The world was very limited in book 5, with not much to explore.Over all, I liked Dreamfall Chapters, but I was a little disappointed in the last book. It finished the story, but it felt like they were just tying up threads, rather than having a full episode.For the gameplay you get with its price, it is certainly worthwhile, and it certainly answers questions raised in Dreamfall. While some fans of the series disliked it, I loved it overall."
,Recommended,237850,23752525,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,stevedafer,Awesome game with a lot of content to crunch!
76561198110831663,Recommended,237850,23675850,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BluebirdOfDarkness,"Set in a richly imagined world, and by turns funny, fascinating and emotionally resonant, this is a satisfying conclusion to The Longest Journey.I won't say the game is without flaw, and it may not be to the taste of those who would prefer a more conventional adventure game to a choice-and-consequence interactive narrative, but the characters and the story themselves reward the investment of time."
76561198028628401,Recommended,237850,23676544,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BanjoWatson,"Great, engaging game."
,Recommended,237850,23783813,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Toothless,Amazing story and beautiful environments.
,Recommended,237850,23981807,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Skelneko,the longest journey does end with elegancy and completeness. masterpiece.
76561198232587456,Recommended,237850,23846339,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,luckybuckly,"I think I may be a bit of an odd one out here, but I never played TLJ or Dreamfall and I absolutely loved this game. Now, this may have hurt my understanding of the story a little bit - there were several times throughout the game, but especially in Book 5, where the game would reference events from previous games and I had no clue what they were talking about. However, you pick up most of what you need to know just by progressing through the game. I could tell that Book 5 was made more for the long-time fans of the entire series, but I still thought it was a very enjoyable and pretty satisfying end to the whole game.But for the game as a whole, the characters were one of the things that I really fell in love with in this game. Not every character is given equal attention or development, but the characters that shine, really shine. Zoe, Saga, Kian, Enu, and Likho are all characters who you can quickly grow to love and care about. Also, the game looked beautiful - the settings were intricately designed, unique, and gorgeous.Now, was it a perfect game? Far from it - animations were wonky a lot of the time and as I mentioned, some characters (basically all others than the ones I mentioned) fell flat. Some parts of the story and the plot were more enjoyable than others, but at least in my experience I loved this game a lot more than I disliked it.So, TL;DR, you can still enjoy this game even if you haven't played the first two! It's not a perfect game, but there's a lot to love if you give it the chance."
,Recommended,237850,23714905,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,midiboy,"I have been a fan of The Longest Journey since the point and click adventure by the same name with April Ryan.  When The Longest Journey was released, I couldn't imagine it being any better...but it was...now we have Dreamfall Chapters.  I had high hopes for this game.  And my hopes and expectation were met ... until book 5.  What happened guys?  Book 5 is almost all narrative.  There are very few things you can actually do to control the story.  There were maybe 2 puzzles in it, and the rest was watching cut scenes.  I don't mind cut scenes at all...but...there was very little game play at all in this last book.  The first 4 were brilliant.  I was hoping for a brilliant final book.   Now, about the ending.  It took me a minute since it's been literally 20 years since I've played the original Longest Journey.  It took some reading and remembering, but the ending was very good...it tied up a nice story arc, but left you wanting more as well.  I just wish Book 5 had more gameplay."
,Recommended,237850,23715655,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RagnaR,"After seeing that ending its like I ""shifted"" back to my childhood.Thank you for giving me closure to one of my beloved stories in video games ever!"
76561198142477352,Recommended,237850,23726962,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hana Song,oh my god that ending
,Recommended,237850,23640122,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"The continuation of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and the conclusion to the ""Dreamer"" storyarc of the series, Dreamfall Chapters has spent a long time in development. As a player who has waited for the release of each book in turn, reviewing the entire game at once is a little odd, since it does not match up how I played the game.So to be concise and spoiler-free as reasonably possible: if you liked Dreamfall, then you owe it to yourself to see the conclusion to Zoë Maya Castillo's story arc. I will stipulate thatit gets better- one gets the impression that the early books were a learning process in development and storytelling, one in which Tørnquist and co take the time to preach political messages that have no place in a fictional video game. And I freely admit I would not have recommended this game purely based off the earlier books. But it gets better, and a satisfactory conclusion (of sorts) does come through in the end.Now, here's to hoping for The Longest Journey Home."
76561198031510167,Recommended,237850,23643336,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,sourceofpain,"A worthy title wrapping up the 'Heros' Journey/Dreamfall franchise.A solid story with excellent voice acting and very solid programming. If you've been waiting for the chapters to be complete, now is the time to buy the game.Issues that existed are resolved, performance issues, glitches, bugs resolved. This game is well worth the price tag.Even though you do not require the first two games to understand the whole story, I strongly urge anyone considering this title to purchase ""Heros' Journey"" and ""Dreamfall"" and play them chronologically to truly appreciate how much everything has grown and how far people have come."
,Recommended,237850,23697669,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Michelle Obama,"Here's the bottom-line: if you've played The Longest Journey and its sequel, Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, then you had might as well play this and see how it all ends. Also, Crow is back and he's as delightful as ever.Book 5 is released and it ties up virtually all the loose ends from a story roughly 17 years in the making. The ending is satisfying. If you're like me, and grew up playing The Longest Journey, then you gotta play this game to see how it all ends. No need to read further; hop to it (or wait until the game is on sale).Anyway, the game isn't great. But it has great moments. The earlier episodes are repetitive and a slog. Still, they lay the groundwork for some fantastic set pieces and epic moments in Episodes 4 and 5.A lot of your choices end up being non-choices; no real impact on the ending. Still, they add a lot of flavor, and they do a good job of making you pay attention to details of whether something is a good idea to pursue or not.The animation and environments of the game leave a lot to be desired. The characters move clunkily, unbelievably.  And the environments, while cool at first, are boring after you've ran through the same areas over and over for four episodes on various errands. Finally, though, episodes 4 and 5 introduce some new environments that are gorgeous to look at, and, thankfully, they don't overstay their welcome.As an adventure game, Dreamfall: Chapters is consistently underwhelming and simple-minded. No, I don't miss the obtuse puzzles of TLJ, but I wish there was some more depth to the gameplay. I can't help but feel like the episodic nature of the game only hurt it in the end; but I suppose there was no other way of financing this project.But let's be real: you're not going to play it because you're expecting an adventure game with memorable puzzles that make you feel like a genius.You're going to play it because Ragnar Tornquist created a captivating world populated by relatable characters that you care about.And you're going to enjoy it."
76561198057482188,Recommended,237850,23699371,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Reverud-san,"Bittersweet.After all these years, fans of the 'The longest Journey', series will finally experience the conclusion to the story.Was it worth waiting for? Absolutely!However. The road from the beginning of Book 1 to Book 5 could have been done a lot better.Tidous puzzles, bugs, ugly animations and vague explanations helped dragging this game down to the dirt, and all the good writing and witty dialogue from the author was sadly not enough to get this games feet back on the ground.People who played the previous games will surely be satisfied, when they reach the ending credits.For others, who have not experience the previous titles, there is not much for them to get out of this game.With all that said, I am glad that I finished the game, and it will always have a place in my nostalgia closet."
,Recommended,237850,23637712,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Genei | 엘케,"The end of end epic Journey. So long Zoë, thanks for all the dreams <3I'm biased, but they still made a hell of an epic series. 1999-2016, always in my heart."
,Recommended,237850,23718067,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Hronych,"The longest journey came to it's end and the story finished full circle.Beautiful expirirence, thanks a lot for that game."
76561198241993808,Recommended,237850,24408097,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jessika Darkstar,I absolutley love this Game All 5 Chapters!!! I have been Waiting for this Game to come out for a Looooong Time! I'm happy to say I loved it so much that the wait was worth it.
,Recommended,237850,23641266,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CupcakeManagerie,"After just finishing Book 5, I have to say I am more than happy that I got to experience this game and it will forever be special to me. Having played Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, it really helped me understand the storyline and fall in love with these characters all over again. That being said, this game is totally worth the purchase if you love story-rich games that really throw you for a loop sometimes, but in the end, it's totally worth the adventure. I will say this, it's called the Longest Journey for a reason, holy crap.1,000,000/10, would recommend.Shameless self promotion to the gameplay I did for it. I'm currently uploading Book 4, and Book 5 will be out soon. I'm still shaking after finishing this game, I loved it so much.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQhvBhvfSRw"
,Recommended,237850,23687138,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,CABAL,It's over. After seventeen years it's actually over. You know how you get goosebumps when you find something really good?I got goosebumps.
,Recommended,237850,23766570,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,M4R7!NP,Great story. Super art. Good game.
76561198022892503,Recommended,237850,23730093,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,UglyBaby,Art in its purest form.
76561198134906684,Recommended,237850,23735559,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nasobrok,"As a long time fan, this game was just wonderful to me. The feels were really overwhelming, just an amazing game.Sure, the optimization is kind of uuuuuh..♥♥♥♥♥♥and sometimes I didn't really know what do to next and had to wander mindlessly for over an hour until I realized how to progress further, but those are really the only drawbacks I can think of.The excellent storytelling, amazing visual style and just the best characters ever make this a must buy, any day.Highly recommended!"
76561197977181221,Recommended,237850,23746746,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Padreluciano,"This game is absolutely awesome if you like the adventure genre, story is one of the greatest ever! Can't wait for the Longest Journey Home!Some minor bugs but nothing dramatic that would affect gameplay.Most annoying though are the transitions between phases, especially for short cinematic when we quickly change environment e.g. 20 seconds cinematic, 10 seconds loading, 20 seconds cinematic, etc..."
76561198114906401,Recommended,237850,23752761,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mattias46,"The game was published too early, before it was complete, for example Kians adventures in Azadir were excluded, and that would have been much fun, and therefore I can not give it top grade, but the game itself was good, and at the end all questions were answered."
76561198084330191,Recommended,237850,23753498,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,amykennedy,"While I wont buy a game that hasn't been fully released yet again, would definitely recommend this game. Especially if you've played the first two games - The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey."
76561198120498361,Recommended,237850,23708852,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sensei-Malfunction,"This was an amazing journey. And I am glad that I followed its path.The story was complicated, it was its own science, yet very fascinating and wonderful, the structure of their world.I played this game for its story, which made me buy the two previous games just to have all the pieces of it, truly worth it. Landed on my list of favorit games of all time, and will never leave. Dreamfall chapters left its marks and worth to be rememberd, the overwhelming feelings this game brought, an awesome fantasy.I did not reflect much upon the quality of its game play. Since I keept my focus on the plot. For me this game runned very smooth. The graphics is very pretty, they look beautiful, yet very, very stiff in with there emotions in there dialogues. The character models could had more movments both in there limbs and facial expressions.And the music .. I do not remember much of it .. to actually sa anything about it... so, I will leave at that.As the characters, I did not reflect that much about them, just tools to proceed the story I guess. Yet they left there traces and are easily to remember and are likeable to actually feel for them, some more or less.Crow was my favorit through the whole game series. <3The choices does not always make a great impact, but one notice changes in how the characters react to you, etc. One notice them afterwards if you keep up the attention for them.The puzzles are pretty simple, everything that is needed is close to find in the area you are in. Find and combine, tadaa you can go on to the next stage. Some things can be more difficult to find though, but since the area to search is pretty small, it does not take that long to look around. But I got stuck too, but that were two times only, since these puzzles are  for the most part not that complicated. ( Compared to the first game ''The longest journey'', that game was way, WAYYY more difficult ... I needed a guide all the time U_U. )Anyway this story was .. so damn good that I do not know which words I should use. All the games together, were as if a happy childhood memory was brought back, yet these games were not a part of it. I got to know of this series when ''Dreamfall chapters'' was realesed here on steam. And yet, see it connect to the ''The longest journey'', it felt as if travling far back in time to the old emotions of a memory. A nostalgia that actually only reaches a little more than a year back, yet it felt as if had been a part of my life much longer. It made me cry .. haha, I did not want this journey to end, yet it did and I am glad I saw all of it. <311/10 :)"
76561198011003948,Recommended,237850,17463599,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ReIterated,"You get to select who you want to be and how you want to do things. This is still a story based game where your descisions have little to say about the outcome of events throughout the episodes 1-3, they do not change the static events as ""what is out of our control"" ( paraphrasing ).  But honestly, i love this game, and the story it tells. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237850,23672394,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Lint Wizard,"(Episode Five is the primary focus of this spoiler-free review)It's the best possible ending to the Longest Journey series. The previous entry, Dreamfall, was utterly ruthless in its emotional brutality - a tragedy compounded by time, akin to if Empire Strikes Back had gone without a planned sequel for over a decade. Dreamfall Chapters is the complete opposite: it doesn't merely crank out the happy ending that fans clamored for; it presents a thorough, multithreaded series of conclusions that expertly merge Dreamfall's dark maturity with the first game's sense of wonder and magic. The former is certainly the dominant element, though, make no mistake, but it's used to satisfying effect.Also, those jerks made me burst into tears within 5 or 10 minutes of starting the fifth episode. A day later and it still makes me misty-eyed. If it hadn't been for the achievement text that popped up I think I would have literally died of sadness and missed all the bittersweet or even happy conclusions."
76561198022681251,Recommended,237850,23827493,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,tafxyz,A fine production.I cant wait to go through again to discover another path with a new set of consequence.
,Recommended,237850,25129877,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lisorA^,"Amazing game, amazing story. You have to have played Dreamfall and at least have an idea of what The Longest Journey is about before playing to get the most out of it but it's easily one of the best games I've played. Great characters, beautiful scenery it's just so good."
76561198018961426,Recommended,237850,33916159,Posted: 30 July,all,orbops,"As a huge fan of The Longest Journey, playing Dreamfall Chapters has been like reliving the story from almost 20 years ago. If you haven't played TLJ or Dreamfall before, then you have to play these before starting Dreamfall Chapters. Even though I played them when they first came out (TLJ in 99, Dreamfall in 2006), I remembered just about nothing from those games. Thankfully I played all 5 books together and as book 1 progressed to book 5, I started to remember little bits. Books 1-3 were slow, and the trickier puzzles could not be solved without looking for hints online. By books 4 and 5, the story finally started to come together, and even though there weren't too many puzzles in the final books, the storyline was extremely satisfying.  I'm now tempted to replay TLJ and Dreamfall again!Anyone who has played TLJ and Dreamfall needs to play this game!"
,Recommended,237850,23663614,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,QC_PASSED,"this is no ""triple A"" game but sweet ♥♥♥♥ing jesus is it amazing"
,Recommended,237850,23658050,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Mista Sog,8/10
,Recommended,237850,31285437,Posted: 21 April,all,DEEZ NITZ,"If you like the telltale point and click kind of style where the focus is story than I think you'll enjoy this game. Speaking of Story, this game has a fantastic one.The plot doesn't try to be TOO complex. It has just enough twist and turns, but depending on options you chose you'll get different outcomes.For the most part the characters will be ones that you love as well as love to hate. Although there were some characters I couldn't give a ratsus's ace about.Good game, check it out c;"
76561198092617356,Not Recommended,237850,18945417,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mayor_quimby_loves_broads,"I'm a fan of the series, and like many of you, waited for the game since TLG back in 2006. So far, I'm intrigued with the game. However, I'm having a difficult time really enjoying the game b/c of POOR performance. It really makes me sad and angry that a game that has potential is severly being hamstrung b/c of frame rates.Very sad. I have a 7950 w/ 3GB card. Given that the game isn't heavy on FPS style action, my card should shred this game at high settings; running it at medium to no avail. Can't recommend the game until the performance issues have been vetted."
76561198211039488,Recommended,237850,34993019,Posted: 16 September,all,Shamash,Even though some had issues with this game. I enjoyed it very much and well I love Zoë so there's that. One of the best games about choice. It brings the nostalgia of the previous games. The game felt a little bit short in my opinion coz I wanted to play more and more. I was hiped when they first announced they would continue Dreamfall and I do not regret buying and playing it now. Overall great game with amazing soundtracks.
,Recommended,237850,23923360,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,paalanboy,"after 17 years i finally got an ending on the Longest Jurneyi loved it, the end answered a lot of my wonders.only complain i have is the quallity of Movement in animations, it's kinda hard to ignore.9/10 cuz nothing is perfect"
,Recommended,237850,19230418,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sharon A David,goooddd!!!
76561198035556048,Recommended,237850,20158977,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MissOma (Elektra Volt),"Amazing, what an interesting game. It's more of a storybook but you get to move the characters, 3D and make decisions to affect how your story progresses through the chapters. There are puzzles to solve and I have to admit I had to Alt-Tab out to find some of the solutions as they really do not give any hints. However be vigilant and not only see, but LISTEN to what the NPC's are saying they might have a key phrase that helps to figure things out. Other times it is just click all combos until you get it. But there were only 2 puzzles that seemed to work that way. This is a very clever game, beautiful to view. I can't wait for Book Five! I screwed up Kian though so make sure you find the infiltrator and remember some of the smaller details of a task are probably very important to be completed because they will have repercussions. This took several days, probably about 30 hours if you include some of the exploring I did in the cities. Well worth it!"
76561198183904438,Recommended,237850,20168819,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Macklin,really worth it
,Recommended,237850,20117612,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DAZxONE,A worthy succesor to the Dreamfall saga!
,Recommended,237850,23929991,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Colonel Onyx,"I like this game and the whole series, but well this game was good it really didn't live up to its two predecessors. It seemed a little rushed to me at times like it was trying to explain to much in to short a time and at places it seemed to expect you to have some level of understanding on the previous games, which is not necissarily a bad thing."
,Recommended,237850,24290037,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aggro_magnet,I finished this game. I made a decision that ended the play through and couldnt see making the other choice and still feel like I was being true to the personality I developed in my head for that person. Guess I will live with losing the 'game'.
,Recommended,237850,24415305,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pale Companion,"An epic conclusion to one of my favorite video game series, maybe it can be one of your favorites as well.Disclaimer:This is the 3rd game in a series of story focused games, so obviously not knowing said story may detract from your enjoyment of the game.Pros:-Story is still here, still great.-More puzzles than Dreamfall:The Longest Journey.-Less obscure and silly puzzle solutions than the first game in the series... though there is this one part that involves arrows and pillows that was a bit silly.-They added choice and consequence to the series, I suppose taking influence from telltale games.-This game has taken the telltale model and improved upon it, something telltale can't seem to do.-Still plenty of humor-I found myself enjoying the characters in this game even more than the first 2, and that's an accomplishment when I already loved the first 2.-You already love this world, go love it some more-Satifying ending feels just as epic as it should.-everything comes together it feels great to witness it all unfold.-I somehow got this game to run smoothly enough on my garbage computer.Neutral:-I don't think you'll be able to run this on a computer much worse than mine, I can barely run it, I have a desktop from 2012, wasn't really a super amazing computer back then, but that should give you a general baseline to work from in determining if you can run the game.Cons:-I don't like the stealth parts in this game, they aren't needed and the first one especially can be a bit buggy.  I don't really have the patience to enjoy stealth games as much as some people, but I'm sure they would agree the stealth in this game is pretty garbage.Overall: Play the entire series, unless you hate story focused games for some insane reason. The games of the series in order are:The Longest JourneyDreamfall:The Longest JourneyDreamfall Chapters"
76561198069038943,Recommended,237850,24471221,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,girlrika,...Dat Crow.
,Recommended,237850,24501108,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,lestyanrobi,"I'm not sure how much someone can enjoy this game without playing the previous ones, at least Dreamfall: The Longest Journey. But I have played both of them, and for me this trilogy (as one game) will always be in my TOP 5 no matter what games come next. I don't care if the game is not perfect. It has many weak points. But this game is not a product that has been just produced, it was not ordered by a big company for some profit. It's not made to have great points in various rating systems, it's made to finish a story that needed to be finished. And it's a piece of art.It has a perfect story ending and possible spin-off stories which I would love to see in some new games. Thank you for finishing my favourite story with this game."
76561198012023582,Recommended,237850,24000044,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lewrker,"The cutscenes are a bit long. There isn't much I can say without spoiling it. I've never played The Longest Journey, so I may have missed out on some references, but the story stands on its own, for the most part. Well-thought-out and genuinely interesting and often funny. The gameplay is minimal, but not obnoxiously stupid, i.e. no pointless flash events. I'd like more games to use these kinds of mechanics rather than the idiocy that telltale games force on the player.I complained about some of the story elements on social media and one of the devs chased me down to clarify it - I haven't seen someone care this much before, really happy about that, especially since it's a pretty high-profile title. Get it, play it, enjoy."
,Recommended,237850,24046483,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,an ancient,"While I thumbed this game up, I wish Steam had more variations of how much you did like a game, because I'm a bit torn on it. For me this game overall is very similar to Wolf Among Us. It has a very strong starts, is ok in the middle and just doesn't close that strong.I did like the characters and they gave them all their dues, but it felt like the narrative was all over the place and that I in the end did not have much of a choice regarding the outcome.Potential Spoilers Ahead!I personally liked the style of the game but a lot of dramatic tensions in a lot of the cutscenes were lost becuase of the poor animation quality. I think years from now I'll probably only be left with a general sense of the plot and how ♥♥♥♥ing strong that intro was. If nothing else, it was very interesting to see a game hit the ground running. But I think it ran out of steam by the end and I'm not sure what the theme of the story was supposed to be. I thought it was about choice maybe, but Saga seems to challenge that aspect. If it was about maintaining balance then that never really seemed threathened. Also  the central idea of Stark and Arcadia being reunited is too short of a footnote by the end. It left be a bit sad, that they wanted to adress it but never are going to get to it properly. All in all I am not left wanting more, but I am also not that bummed that it's over. It didn't feel like a bitter sweet ending that years later would make me wonder what those characters would are up to."
,Recommended,237850,24099797,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tuncstic,"While I loved playing both Longest Journey and Dreamfall, I REALLY hated the ending of both. For that reason, I was hesitant to buy Dreamfall Chapters. The reviewers liked the ending though, so in the end I bought it. Having now played it to completion, I agree that this is a good ending to the series. It's too bad there wasn't enough money to do the sequel.My main criticism of the game is that, even with rather modest graphics, it requires a substantial GPU to get a decent frame rate - at 1280x720 and Medium quality, I only got 15 FPS with my GTX 720.Other downsides:- It is not possible to move the cursor independently from the camera. This makes for a somewhat dizzying experience, and also makes it hard to look for objects to interact with, especially at low frame rates.- No visible cursor, and objects you can interact with are not highlighted until they are centered in the view - see previous point.- Some puzzles are quite difficult, and you can't advance in the story until you solve them. I had to resort to a walkthough for several. In most cases. the difficulty is quite artificial - it does not enhance the story.- Voices for background conversations often drowned out the main conversation. This may have been fixed in later patch levels.My rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,237850,24116023,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DanteMadafaca,Such a great and fantastic game! I love all the story! But in cons i would add that the animations suck D: . They're slow and don't feel natural. It kind of drive you away from all the fantastic history and universe. But apart from that is has one of the best stories i've ever played <3
76561198059242990,Recommended,237850,24189762,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,aienna,"Best game ever :)  If you like adventure games with a good story, you should definitely try this.Be sure to play the longest journey and dreamfall the longest journey first though, as you will understand the story better that way."
,Recommended,237850,24225197,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JDog2pt0,"With the release of Book 5 comes the close of a 17 year journey that started in 1999 with a very confused girl by the name of April Ryan. Dreamfall Chapters was a bittersweet, but satisfying end to that story. A great narrative, memorable characters, and a wonderful universe. If this game has caught your eye, do yourself a favor, and play The Longest Journey along with Dreamfall: The Longest Journey."
,Recommended,237850,24472004,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lord Veritas,NOOOOOO!!!!! IT CAN'T END NOOOOO!!!!
76561198106342125,Recommended,237850,24494424,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,r.alexandervallejo,"A beautiful game that is actually quite visually stunning despite having a bit older graphics. It reminds me of Life is Strange in that it is choice based and episodic, so if you enjoyed LiS you will most likely enjoy Dreamfall: Chapters. Fun for some cooldown after an intense shooter or thriller, or just some laid-back game time.Would reccommend, just for the views alone!"
,Recommended,237850,24534381,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,deryn_sharp,"If you like games in which your choices matter, this game is for you.If you like games that can be genuinely funny and a bit silly, this game is for you (but don't believe even for a minute that it won't rip your soul apart. It will. You will cry.)If you like cyberpunk settings, this game is for you.If you like fantasy/medieval/steampunk-ish settings, this game is for you.If you like action games and don't like cutscenes, look for something else. But, really, it would be a pity to avoid this game.Also, play Dreamfall: The Longest Journey as well. I know it's really dated, but 1) it's a good game 2) it's heavily connected to Dreamfall Chapters, so you'd miss out on a lot."
76561198023083727,Recommended,237850,23912002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AdmiralPoopForBrains,"Like so many others who have posted here, I have such fond memories of The Longest Journey.  I was young, with no responsibilites.  I fell in love with Zoe, was angered by what happened to April Ryan, and hearbroken for Faith.  I desperately wanted to know so badly what happened next.  10 years went by.  I was overjoyed to find out about Chapters and bought it right away.It was worth every penny in my opinion.  If you are looking for action and super intense fights, this is not the game for you.  But if you want to be completely immersed in a beautifully well done, interactive story that rivals those from authors like the great Asimov, then this is absolutely for you.  In my opinion, this was a better story than 90% of the billion dollar movies I've seen in the last decade.A warning though, if you haven't played Dreamfall, The Longest Journey, start there.  I can't even imagine playing this one without having played that one first.  It would be like starting half way through a series of novels."
76561198045080783,Recommended,237850,24354108,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,L0stLP,"A continuation of the second game, with a lot of fanservice towards the first.Kian is a much better character than he was in the second game.Zoe is much of the same, ever-willing to help.There is a third ""character"", a genuine Deus Ex Machina/ Dr. Who wannabe/ out of place character that has overprotecting parents and is linked to April.Pointless Combat is no more, but Pointless Stealth is still present.They improved the narrative using the telltale model, with a lot of choices, that don't or barely affect the game despite how much it tells you that they have a major impact. The only exception is the robot quest in Book 1 that changes based on a choice.It suffers similar to the second game, because they prefer to tell a story in which the player has minimal impute and is ready for massive exposition dumps instead of proper pacing. After some playable sections there are scenes where NPCs discuss the impact of your actions (dependless of choices) as if to build up some tension, but having the opposite effect.You don't even settle matters with the Azadi leaders that ware built up in the second game, they just settles themselves out.The best part was when April from the first game appeared briefly, it was the icing on the cake of fanservice, then I realized, the first game is leagues better than this can ever be. It was focused on a ""normal"" person that embarks on a JOURNEY that she is not even sure she wants to take, but has no choice. Along the way a world is being built and presented and the only way to progress is to solve problems, including personal ones.This game barrows some of that, but is still rotted in the narrative of the second game and the telltale formula.I recommend only one playthrough of the game. A replay may diminish the good parts."
,Recommended,237850,24480021,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NotMyWaffle,"I enjoyed this game. I wish when the kickstarter was up I would of funded it but couldn't due to no work at the time.However I'm glad they finished this series, The Longest Journy was my first true adventure game that I remember ever finishing front to back, and I still own the CD's.My only gripe with this game. I think it was too short :#I also really hope they do more with in the world, and show more of the land. The ending kinda left me with some questions but to be fare I haven't played the first 2 games in a long time, and I dont feel like booting up my XBOX to play dreamfall.However that person ending up being the prophet. 100% shocker."
,Recommended,237850,23986479,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kayo Frost,"Its AMAZING!i felt like drowing inside the history, like reading a book and felling it!damn its a gorgeous history with past-mid-futre lines!Loved!"
,Recommended,237850,24173451,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kazuki,I... Just.It's... I'm in tears.I waited for this game for over ten years. Ten long years of waiting for THIS ONE game. Other great titles never excited me this much. But this game?I'm... speechless.It will stay with me forever.
76561198141232538,Recommended,237850,24357827,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,VasiliSk,Awesome journey!
,Recommended,237850,24480529,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Anderson,"A few years ago when i saw the news that there was planning an actual sequel to one of my favourite universe of all time TLJ i was very excited despite the announced genre, ""interactive movie"".Let's be honest, this type of ""adventures"" doesn't hold more than one ending. And all this mechanic with choises and consequences is actually not... relevant? I guess? Especially for this universe. It creates a huge plothole in the context of prophecies and stuff.However, it's worth money and my time, I really enjoyed it. Now it's a complete story. Didn't ask for more.One more thing for people who had not decided yet whether to buy this game or not.I've read a lot of reviews from people who claimed that this is absolutely another story and about another characters. Don't listen to them. Red Thread Games really did add new characters and paid to them a lot of attention but it was done for a few purposes:1. New characters close lots of plotholes (and add some new, but not so important).2. They tell you a lot about lore of the game from different sides providing deep immersion.3. They are absolutely natural to the universe and the story and you will love them a lot.7/10 (strongly recommended for fans of the TLJ)"
76561198069176538,Recommended,237850,24591641,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,hellabates,This game (and the franchise in general) has impacted my life in ways I can't even explain. It's an amazing experience I wish everyone could get to have. Definitely recommend this to anyone who loves story-rich games that look and sound really pretty aswell.
76561198085808244,Recommended,237850,24647470,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,netdiver13,It's a Story. And it's like nothing else. Just take the journey
76561198028404665,Recommended,237850,23919093,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ϟ Odin's Revenge ϟ,absoulutly amazing. This game is worth every penny.
,Recommended,237850,23947403,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kixolisjous,"IntroAfter its release in October 2014, I’ve been hocked on this game and followed it very patently throughout the years. It’s been a long journey to take part in, but a good one despite its bugs, bad optimized engine, and glitchy nature.Dreamfall: Chapters is the follow up game to Dreamfall: The Longest journey, and you Follow Zoè Castillo and Kian though 2 parallel universes on a quest to find them self, separate friends from foes and save the eternal dream.StoryFor me the story was very compelling since I been on the Dreamfall train since TLJ, and I quite enjoyed the almost bioware-ish choices addition to the game since it made me feel like I had an impact on the outcome of the story. I also really loved how some of the choices were so hard that I actually had to sit around and think for several minutes before deciding.The main characters are also well rounded and as you progress and get to know them better, you start to care more and more about them.The voice-acting was also very well done (Except a few characters *cough* Brian *cough*)GraphicsGraphically the game is actually stunning (at some areas IF you are able to run the game at a higher setting) but the animations quality could use some work since every time you interact/attack or fight, there seem to be no weight behind it.GameplayAs for Gameplay, it’s very much more of the same Puzzle and Explore type of thing as the previous title, but with more story driven choices.Music and sound-wise it’s just great. Nothing to complain about.Final wordThe game in my eyes is amazing and I felt a deep connection with the main characters all the way through to the end. I even felt a lump in my throat in the last book as one of the characters that I’ve grown very fond of, meets an unfortunate fate and gets reunited with an old friend.If you are a fan of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey or adventure games in general, I Highly recommend checking this game out."
76561198019597873,Recommended,237850,23979913,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,crassadon,"On sale, it's an easy purchase.This game makes me question that maybe I am in a coma. Am I going to wake up? Am I dreaming? Am I traveling through the dreams of others right now?  It seems like I am. ."
76561198017256626,Recommended,237850,24086408,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lothorius,"Like the game so far, sadly i have tons of problems with it though, sound just stops working, game keeps crashing...Not sure if the fault is on my end or the game but this is kinda destroying the fun.Also the lip sync is kinda sucky as they just seem to open and close there mouth when they speak and don't really form their mouths..Further i really hope the game will start to work properly soon, re-installing it for the 2nd time now >.>"
,Recommended,237850,24318644,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SpellWerk,Enu is the best
76561198105510856,Recommended,237850,24353775,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ag.news.spec,"Very good game indeed, of course you need to play the longest journey and dreamfall first in order to fully enjoy it!"
76561198023823413,Recommended,237850,24437717,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SkyFox013,This game was actually a surprise. I was definitely getting more and more immersed in the storyline. As a lover of things both steam and cyberpunk the story was perfect. Gameplay was amazing. I would highly recommend this game as it is excellent with both story telling and actual gameplay!
,Recommended,237850,25610226,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Vice,"In the gaming industry, it's uncomparable story-wise in my opinion.Its gameplay, too, but not in a good way. Much backtracking, little satisfaction and soooo many missed opportunities for an awesome combat system (which is completely missing by the way).Still, I'm recommending this for people who are interested in the story of the Dreamfall trilogy. This part is the golden capstone of all three parts regarding enactement and story. An absolute masterpiece and I'm equally saddened that there probably won't be any continuation. Someone needs to record this and its world in form of a book or at least a movie."
,Recommended,237850,28708741,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cho,"If you're checking this out, you're obviously an adventure nut, out for the story moreso than the gameplay, but Dreamfall Chapters has plenty of both along with hard choices and characters that pop alive. It's no adrenaline rush, but it is an engrossing tale to immerse oneself into.This especially wonderful to play in a marathon starting from The Longest Journey, but is good enough to stand alone by itself. Great production value in voice acting and audio/visuals. Prepare to get mesmerized by the endearing twin worlds of magic and science.I have some nitpicks regarding a few plot points that feel rushed, and some parts that are quite dragging, but no dealbreakers. This is a great finish to the TLJ adventure series, and definitely a great game to own and come back every now and then, just like you would a good book."
76561198053052833,Recommended,237850,28282373,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,joeymonterey,"I love everything about Dreamfall Chapters! The story is great, the characters are great, and the graphics are beautiful. I went chapter through chapter hoping it would never end. I can't wait for more!"
76561198263260361,Recommended,237850,20220466,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,katya86_pin,"I just love this game. It seems as if I've been waiting a century for it to come out, but it was worth it."
76561198036125692,Recommended,237850,19596781,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,WPH.omelette du fromage,I really really enjoyed this one and cant wait to play the next book.If you're looking for a good playable story you should really give it a try.
,Recommended,237850,35393914,Posted: 1 October,all,bluefootedpig,"I got this game on discount and it yielded about 40 hours of gameplay. The story felt weak at the start, but got really interesting by book 3. So if you get it, make sure you give it some time."
,Recommended,237850,20650619,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,sassyjedi_,"Thrilling story, fun missions and nice graphics...what could I ask more? Definitely recommending this, can't wait for Book 5!"
76561198034087514,Recommended,237850,20773493,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Darcory,"I liked so far 1-4 chapters. My favorite advanture game of 2015, not like old school but i liked so much, i miss this game so much and will miss again when story ends. T-TStory, atmosphere, OST, characters and graphics awesome. They giving me so much inspiration for work! Especailly If you like Dremfall: RLJ you will like it so much like me.Can't wait for final chapter!Edit: I finished the game and i literally cried so much, this game man, this game... So good. Musics characters, atmosphere... Everything was so good. Only bad thing i can say last chapter should be bigger than what we have."
,Recommended,237850,23656768,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Almighty UnicoЯn,Great story & great soundtrack.
,Recommended,237850,32758680,Posted: 24 June,all,koyao,Dreamfall Chapters gets better as the game goes on! The ending is rich in story and full of surprises. I like it very much and highly recommend it if you're into story rich games.
76561198006851736,Recommended,237850,33051544,Posted: 30 June,all,Jez,"Play The Longest Journey, play Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, then play this. You will love it. I promise."
76561197998453578,Recommended,237850,14904265,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Muso,"I have been waiting a long time for Dreamfall to continue. if you like fantasy adventure with a captivating story then you will enjoy this. This lastest addition to the series is using the desicion making style of game mechanics to get you more involved in the story. I love these kinds of games because they mix up a bit of puzzle solving with good casual gaming. So far I am loving these books. Book one and two have only left me craving the next episode.If you played the previous games is this series then you absolutely must play this. If its your first experience with these games then to be honest I recommend playing them in sequence because it will make a lot of sense but it is very playable as a solo title. The others can be played and prequels.Episodes are a good length too with decent amount on content, unlike some other similar desicion based games where the episodes only last just over an hour this was a good 4 hours or so of game time, part of that was running around finding things and locations but thats what adventure games are all about!"
,Recommended,237850,14762378,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RedAphex,It's been nearly 9 years since Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and I'd all but forgotten how much that title shines. I once told a friend how I picked up the game as a curiosity and that it ended up being one of the best adventure games of all time. Dreamfall Chapters has succeeded in renewing my facination with this series.My only complaint is the pricetag for what amounted to about 4 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,237850,14911436,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,zSz,"After years of waiting whe can finaly continu our journy of Dreamfall.If you loved the first and second game you will love this one.The voice acting is amazing as always, The city looks awesome and feels like big a city. I think a walked around for a hour just to click on everything in the city and find some history about the city. It's also a good way to explorer and find your way around the city.The voice animation is not that great but hey thats dreamfall but because the voice acting is so perfect you wont even bother.This game will also have a big replay value because of the choices you make. And there are some hard choices to make, its not like you know the best choice because in most cases you dont know, you really have to think twice and make the choice you think is best. But it makes the story go completly different.If you love a good story or you like The walking dead serie for example then this game is for you. If you dont like to watch alot of talking without any action then this game isn't for you.Also good to know is that you dont get much clue's where to go. You get a name of a store or place and thats it! No dot on the map where to go. You do have navigation maps all around the city.If you did't play the first and second game i higly recommend playing it before you start playing on chapters or you could get a little bit lost in the story.The only downside are the sepperate books and that you need to wait to continu you story. On the plus side the books are pretty long. I think i am almost done whit book 2 and i think il get to 14 hours whit just the 2 books. Not bad for a 30 euro game right?"
76561197973629136,Recommended,237850,12646755,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Rogue Operative,"I've just been informed that £28 is for all the books, not just this one. This changes my mind about the game, and I look forward to the further chapters. It looks like they have improved the lagging issue, and graphic anomalies. I would recommend this game to veterans of the original games, and new comers."
76561198015236223,Recommended,237850,14700580,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Forester07,It's great to have the conclusion to the Longest Journey / Dreamfall games.  So far this third installment is great.  Awesome graphics. Great Story. Great acting.  If you played the previous games this one is a must.
76561197992667837,Recommended,237850,14927231,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mr. Orange,pros:-Good story and likeable characters.-interwoven plot with choises having actual consequences.-Purdy!Cons:-Bugfest-Occasionally stiff and lifeless animation (at times caused by bugs)-Propast is difficult to navigateThe best storydriven game i have played in a long time
76561198156844342,Recommended,237850,15188348,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CharlieM357,"I had never even heard of this series until they ran the kickstarter for Dreamfall Chapters, but it caught my attention. I now own all the games in the series and love them. The only problem I have and it seems to be a common issue is that the game isn't optimized properly. Or so that is what I keep hearing. Personally the game runs fantastic for me on my pc at high settings, but for only 30 minutes or so. After that the framerate drops significantly. I can stop the game and restart and the problem is fixed. Sometimes I even have to logout out of my pc account. Trying to lower the settings does absolutely nothing. I am sure that Red Thread will address this situation at some point. It doesnt make the game unplayable and it is well worth this small inconvenience. It is a treat for the eyes and ears. The graphics wont blow everyone away but the art style really catches the eye. The story for all of these games is probably the best I have encountered in the video game industry and the voice acting from game to game is consistent as well. I think only one major character has a different voice actor in Dreamfall Chapters and it is a vast improvement. (I am a little biased due to the fact that this actor voiced one of my all time favorite video game characters of all time;  Sir Hawke, the Champion of Kirkwall. All in all this game is amazing so far and I am sure books 3-5 will be just as amazing, and I for one cant wait for them to drop. I give it a 9/10 only for the fact that the gameplay is a little soft. Even though its predecessor was lauded for its horrible stealth and combat mechanics, at least it had them.  There is no combat (so far) and there was one instance where you have to avoid a guard by making sure he is pointing in the oppsite direction. If he catches you then it places you outside a gate 20 feet from where you were. And you actually get an achievment for the quest called ""And you thought there wouldnt be stealth."" Despite these minor flaws the game has me hungering for more and I cant wait to see how it all ends."
76561198163354766,Recommended,237850,14874452,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kurtic22,"Dreamfall Chapters Book 2 is awesome. I love how my actions in Book 1 shaped my experience. It made me want to go back and play Book 1 and Book 2 in a different way to see how things would have turned out. The puzzles in this Book were a little more challenging. Not mind bending, but there seemed to be more thought put into them in my opinion. The story is getting better and better and man that cliffhanger. I have to wait 3 or 4 more months for the next Book and it will be the Longest Wait! I was hesitant to pay $30 for the season pass, but I am so happy that I did. It took me 3 hours to complete Book 1 and 6 hours to complete Book 2. That is almost the same length of time spent for the equivalent season of any telltale game.  Not only that but we still have several books to go before the season is over! Are there some graphical glitches? For sure, and I am pretty confident that in the near future, there will be patches to address these issues. Is the game flawless? No, but it is a deep engrossing and awesome story. You will not regret your purchase. I love each and every minute of my experience with Dreamfall Chapters."
76561198138002026,Recommended,237850,14883839,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SmooshieBanana,"This is an aaaamaazing story game. It has decent graphics, great believable characters (not robotic at all, but animated and realistic) and it has a great tale. I would recommend anyone buying this. It is most refreshing to be able to tell when someone takes time to make a game worth something rather than just put something crappy out for a quick buck. This is a wonderful bit of refreshment."
,Recommended,237850,13510303,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hellscream,"If more games had such quality script & voice-acting, and was written for adults and not 13-year-olds; the world would be a better place."
,Recommended,237850,13907420,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JackRippa Ҳ,"I. LOVE. THIS. GAME. I was a fan of the classic 2d adventure, The Longest Journey, and really enjoyed Dreamfall as well. But even if you've never touched either of those games, I highly recommend you play this. Some of the best voice acting in games is included in Chapters, as well as some of the best writing. On top of that, the world the story is based in is intriguing and unlike anything you've seen before. Ragnar Tornquist has done it again, bringing an emotionally captivating, deep and immersive world and storyline that is perfectly suited to the interactive experience of a point-and-click adventure. A true testament to games as an interactive storytelling medium. Get it into you now."
76561198033366207,Recommended,237850,32036910,Posted: 29 May,all,Packavan,"The Longest Journey games are  great peace of art. Especially Dreamfall Chapters. The game brings you to sci-fi half dystopian world, where you will reflect on the future of humanity and the future of individual. Fascinating music, beautiful concept arts, exciting story and charming graphics. This game is made by artists. My only hope is that this world will beb enhaced by developers, because there are too many things and stories to be told in it. Thank you for this wonderful expirience. Defenitely recommend it for buying in full price to support the studio."
,Recommended,237850,21017325,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nodens,"This is the third installment in The Longest Journey saga. We have actually waited for this game, fans of the series, for a lot of years, always with a fear that it may actually never get published.In an age where story-rich games get fewer and fewer, lost in the heaps of, so called, AAA dumbed down games that appeal to the masses, this would be terrifying indeed.After many ordeals the game was finally made, in episodic format, with crowd-funding. And its much better than what we actually expected. It builds up slowly but as the story progresses deeper and deeper and reap the consequences of your actions, you get more and more lost into it.Currently at the 4th book, there's one last book missing to conclude the story.This is a game about a great story, with heavy choice consequences. Do not go into it expecting anything else. If you have not played the first two games, it is highly recommended that you do. Although they are old and their graphics are dated, fans of story-rich games should have no problem at all getting into them. You will thank me later if you do. If you start directly with this title a lot of things will not make sense and you will lose a lot from the experience."
76561198088822167,Recommended,237850,31397451,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,Game that's been produced with a relatively small budget. For its price its a good game that contains some memorable vhatacters.
76561198030125083,Recommended,237850,35095737,Posted: 20 September,all,RagingRedcap,"Wow I really loved this game. It was definitely along the lines of a visual novel choose your own adventure with puzzles, so it's not for players who need a lot of action and agency. But the story is great and I love that the choices you make really impact the rest of the story. I will most likely replay."
76561198271189440,Recommended,237850,21538569,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,axel_gunnar,"Followed the series from the first The Longest Journey game and was pleasantly surprised to see that it remained an excellent story with great character development in each new iteration. The Dreamfall Chapters game is a treat to play, it has, in my opinion, a great story, excellent characters and dialogue and really nice visuals. Thanks to Ragnar and his team for creating games like these, can't wait for the final chapter ( actually I can wait, take your time and keep up the good work :) )!"
,Recommended,237850,22226591,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dastan Isegrim,"One of the best story-telling/adventure games I know of. With a world rich of lore and an epic interwoven plot. Best if played after the other two titles of the franchise (The Longest Journey, Dreamfall). Especially for fans of good ol' fantasy/sci-fi point-and-click adventures, The Longest Journey is a must-play.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,237850,28005018,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pia Piku,"I love all of the dreamfall games <3The story is just so amazing, it always keeps me interested.Also, wonkers."
76561197968729550,Recommended,237850,24303964,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Darmazath,"Just completed the game in 29 hours, and I think it's a milestone in the history of interactive, narrative gaming, based on an original story with a lot of personality.This dreamlike game succeeds in touching the fragility, pureness and limitation of life in all its facets perfectly. It's a marvellous illustration how past and future are always woven together and act side by side in the present.DreamFall - The Longest Journey was one of my favorite games of all time because of it's strong time travel (or need I say 'parallel world travel') story. It contained some deep, nostalgic, difficult to describe atmosphere which could silence you and after completing Chapters' concluding part 'Redux' I'm convinced this one's even better. The soundtrack, voices and narrative voiceover are the best I've heard since years in a game.My favorite game of 2016."
76561198068208247,Recommended,237850,24331040,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Liunie,Amazing <3
,Recommended,237850,23865926,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,idkaaw,"I'm speechless. This, what an incredible journey. I've never played TLJ or DTLJ so I didn't understand a single past-game references. But because of this game, I'm going to, and then, I'm going to replay this. Don't worry though, the story's still understandable even if you haven't played the previous games.Personally, I loved the characters. Each and every one of them, I got attached to them just as much as I got attached to Clementine (although not as attached as I was to Lee, which, fun fact: did the voice for Likho). The two vastly differing worlds (one with magic, and one without) are amazing. The characters are great. Unfortunately, this is the end for the series. I'll keep the story alive in my heart, but for now, goodnight sweet prince."
76561198166393687,Recommended,237850,24630768,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mindmethods,"A true work of art, highly recommended. A bit of political bias to the left, but should be perfect for core demographics."
76561198085784327,Recommended,237850,25714762,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Laganja Estranja,"Amazing, simply amazing.I started playing dreamfall: The Longest Journey when I was in sixth grade. Being captivated by the story, I played the click and go first game. I can confidently say I'm a huge fan of this series and 10 times out of 1o will play it until my last breath. I strongly reccomend playing the first game as this story is quite complex and one needs to understand that the basics are simple:One world is split into two.One of magic, Arcadia.One of logic and reality, Stark.People who can shift and dream themselves between these two realms is whom the story is revolving around. It's quite clever and the originality and amazing."
76561198013511508,Recommended,237850,25981686,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,whitewolf,"Amazing , story driven game. 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198101685046,Recommended,237850,24498294,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vengeance,this game is nice  and i liked it more at the end i want to play more and more chapters!
76561198032115034,Recommended,237850,24608247,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Equanim,"Play “Dreamfall: The Longest Journey” before playing this (if you never have), the two will feel like a single game and the story will be far more cohesive.  (“Dreamfall Chapters” has a recap in the main menu, but it doesn't cover everything.)+ Excellent overall story with a very satisfying ending.+ Solid visuals.+ Knows what kind of game it is.  (Doesn't try to shoehorn action style combat into an extremely story based game.)- Poorly designed puzzles in the middle of the story.- Animations feel a bit wooden at times."
,Recommended,237850,24449757,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Fredashay,"This is mostly an excellent ending to the Dreamfall trilogy that started a long time ago with The Longest Journey.  I like how they put dialog and scenes into this game to tie the three games together in a logical way.  I lalso ove open world games, and I really liked how I could freely explore Marcuria (also Propast) in the early chapters of Dreamfall Chapters.  The only negative thing I have to say is that I felt that the last chapter felt rushed.  I didn't like how I could no longer explore Marcuria.  Yes, I know how it's under martial law and all in the final chapter, but it just seemed like they took something wonderful away by doing that.  I also felt that the last chapter didn't have much actual gameplay; it felt more like watching a long scripted scene, then getting control just to walk a few steps, then another long scripted scene, then getting control to walk a few more steps, and repeat, and repeat.  The most intriguing thing about the last chapter was finally finding out how Saga fit into all this.Overall, if you'd played and enjoyed the first two Dreamfall games, then you should definitely play this to bring closure to the story arc.  Also, if you want to freely explore Marcuria, it's also worth a play.  But if you didn't play the first two games, you're gonna find yourself wondering what's going on, and/or what prior events led up to what's going on.  But to be fair, understand that this game was funded through Kickstarter by people who played the first two Dreamfall games and who wanted closure.  To that end, it serves its purpose very well.  It does indeed answer most of the questions and brings closure to the story arc in a satisfying way--something a lot of triple-A games fall flat on their faces with when making sequels."
,Recommended,237850,26232984,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Elisa,Very cozy game with lots of conversations and a great storyline. Puzzles/missions with very little to no help whatsoever. Allows you to use your brain for once. Really good.
76561198040780621,Recommended,237850,26186741,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ash,"I found out about Dreamfall after hearing about the successful Kickstarter of this game. After completing it I wish I had been there to back it. Dreamfall TLJ was an excellent story-driven game, and Chapters continues that. The game switches between the two main characters: Zoe and Kian. At times their stories intertwine with each other. Which brings me to the writing. Without spoiling anything, the plot is filled with ups and downs and makes you feel invested and immersed. And as with many good RPGs there are plenty of moments that will make you laugh, perhaps even cry. As far as mechanics go it is far smoother than either of the previous games in the series which comes with it being built in a more modern engine. This is helped by the removal of direct combat. Something that I felt was particularly stiff and frustrating in the previous game and didn't quite belong.If I had to say anything bad it would be that the game came out in five books. I get the developer what the Red Thread Games was trying to do and I appreciate getting to play the game earlier, but by the time I finished book five I was a bit fuzzy on some of the details from the earlier books. If you are buying this game today this doesn't matter. Another thing to be aware of that can stump people at times is that you have to be sure to look all around you, 360 degrees, every nook and cranny. Sometimes things that aren't meant to be puzzles end up holding people up, myself and LPers included.All in all a fantastic game! Highly recommend, but you should probably play Dreamfall: The Longest Journey first."
76561198055692830,Recommended,237850,28698796,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cpnaditude,My favorite trilogy of all time! Better than Star Wars or the Lord of the Rings. 100 Thumbs Up!
76561198100786195,Recommended,237850,28746668,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kaidan,"Amazing game although it is long and has quite a bit of dialog it tells an amazing story. I really wish they would continue the game in some way, however I dont think it may be possible. To the developers great job I wished I knew about this game earlier especially to have know it was a kickstarter."
,Recommended,237850,20601722,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mz Cookies,"A truly captivating story driven game that beautifully immerses the player into the lives of Kian and Zoe.It starts off slow, running seemingly useless and boring errands, running from one side of the city to the other BUT it gets better.  It builds the foundations of each character so that the player gets a true understanding of what each character resembles. Reading the other reviews, I see that this alone caused many players to lose all hope in the game and give up after only just beginning Book 1. That's their loss.Dreamfall chapters accomplishes something that many games cannot, to make unqiue, likeable characters. Sounds easy but it is rarely achieved. The choice factor in this game DOES MATTER. Sometimes its something silly, other times it can be the difference between your favourite character surviving or dying. It also strongly matters to the relationships between characters in the game which will further impact how the characters will interact with each other. Will they assist one another or choose not to. That is based on the players dialogue decisions.Being such a long game, averaging around 20-30 hours for the first 4 Books it really draws out and explores everything that it can, without it seeming like a bland and boring story. The pace is just right.SUMMARYThis is a beautiful adventure game with gorgeous visuals, logical and likeable characters, a stunning choice of music and a choice-consequence system that can advertently effect the future. Dreamfall Chapters clearly demonstrates that story driven games can still be masterpieces in todays gaming world."
,Recommended,237850,19355443,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sharane,"I don't know why there are so many negative reviews,i thought this game wasamazingandbreathtaking.I am only on chapter 3 ,but if you are a fan of previous Dreamfall games,adventure games, you wouldn't want to miss this.The characters are very likable,the art is top-notch.Finding your way around can be time-consuming,but the art is so pretty i didn't mind it that much. 8/10"
76561198065557857,Recommended,237850,19400077,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,volage,Awesome! Amazing story and interesting/challenging quests. Thank you for such enjoyable game! I love it and can't wait for new books :)
,Recommended,237850,19427816,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Caleb19cz,Awesome 😍
,Recommended,237850,23650815,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vladimir Poontang,"Dreamfall chapters book 5, now with 70% more Darth Vader and use of the force ™THIS IS THEREVIEW POST BOOK 5 COMPLETION.I’LL MAKE THE FIRST PART AS SPOILER FREE AS POSSIBLE THEN LATER ON MENTION SPECIFICS WHICH MIGHT BE SPOILERS.I have waited…. SO long for this book, to finally play it has been great and really happy to finally get an ending to the story.So, storyline. The story line is mostly great, to summarise it you have two worlds one of magic, one of science and both can be affected by each other and I won’t mention exactly how because you know, spoilers but yeah it’s interesting. I really loved the fact you have 2 worlds and one semi world/ in-between world? Anyway these three worlds you play in and eventually they begin to merge then finally they all meet at one point. Look, as of writing this it’s on sale for about US$10.20 which, if you’re paying in Australian dollarydoos or Canadian Maple Money/ Monopoly money is a bit more than that but at that it’s worth it to play the story.Things I really likedI loved the fact you could examine just about anything(Because I’m a nosey♥♥♥♥♥♥I suppose) and get a character’s thoughts and at times humorous dialogue or little bits. For example, examine a rocket and get character dialogue of “Ground control to Major Tom!” Nice touch. Makes more sense given the rough era the area is based on.I like the fact choices do seem to matter, think of it like a stat check. A string of choices could have an affect later and a couple times I found myself thinking “♥♥♥♥, I made a bad decision last book. Bad things are going to happen” That or regret a decision after it was made.The scenes are pretty beautiful. Especially europolis, it’s always dark and rainy. Your apartment is small but still very beautiful and I just love that city and contrasting medieval style city. Very nice.The characters are great. I especially like Zoe, Enu, Mira, Crow and♥♥♥♥♥♥Bot. Specifically Enu, she is so ditsy and cute and awkward.Miner dislikes/ gripesIt could be a little slow sometimes to go from place to place just to do something seemingly simple.It would have been nice to see more of some characters to really get more of a feel for the world and be more engrossed within it.Now, I’d just like to chuck on some quotes form the game I found particularly amusing before the small spoiler section down below later.“I need to be in that body. And I need to stop sounding like a pervert.”“Affirmative. I will stop doing this thing that I live that makes me happy and fulfilled to follow you on our pointless, depressing journey. ““Requests for sexual favours will be bogged and reported to the appropriate authorities. WATIcorp adbots do not ‘talk dirty’ or perform fellatio.”“Every step you take’ I’ll be watching you, as mandated by martial law.” ….. “How about every breath I oh I give up”MOVING SLIGHTLY INTO SPOILER TEROTORY NOW FOR BOOK 5 AND POTENTIALLY PRECIDING BOOKSThings I really liked (cont)symbolism maybe?  I’m not up with Buddhism or things within it but in book 5 Zoe comments on the “between world” place being like a Buddhist temple. Might be some form of a reference to something from Buddhist beliefs but not sure.The choices I made meant that in the story line I made good with people. And I’m so glad I did, just a few different decisions and maybe that wouldn’t be the case."
76561197995783562,Recommended,237850,33818873,Posted: 26 July,all,Problem Child,"Please oh pretty please continue the longest journey, theres so much more I need to know- like *spoiler spolier April* and *spoiler spoiler Kian* and who the ♥♥♥♥ got Zoe *spoiler spoiler* and just how they're all really connected, I mean- that can't just be it, right? Anyway, it's been a hella exciting jouney. I just expected it to be longer than this. *sigh*"
,Recommended,237850,12960815,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"I highly recommend playing The Longest Journey or at very least Dreamfall (you can get a recap of either but Dreamfall is at least not very long or difficult) because this game's beauty, depth and worth are even more impressive if you feel a little bit at home in the worlds of Stark and Arcadia. It's been such a long, well, journey and despite the damage that hype and nostalgia can ravage on a new entry to a beloved series, this game just feels right. If you appreciate story and the unique capabilities of games this whole universe is for you, and this latest entry is mesmerizing to say the least. Now let's just get The Longest Journey Home paid for and all us crazy fans who have been following this slow and strange release of games will finally be able to die happy."
,Recommended,237850,14788121,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,sumkndaBOOGIN,"*Update*The last episode was a good wrap up to the overall story, HOWEVER, I was extremely bummed that I had no idea how the choices I made in the previous episodes played out in the last one.  And there were absolutely no choices to make in this one, nor was there much gameplay.There was barely anything to interact with and I think for about 15 minutes I just sat and watched without actually doing anything and got achievements. And apprently I missed 15 achievements, which I assume were due to the choices I made, but it's a bummer I have to reply a few times just to get them. Like go way back... And no summary at the end telling me how my choices affected anything either.  BUMMER! Overall, I give this game a 7.5/10. Really cool story, but bummer ending/overall gameplay.Episode 1 review:So far so good! I did not play the original game so I was a bit lost in the beginning, but no matter.  It did take me a little time to figure out what her ""skills"" in the Storyland part did, but when I did figure it out, it made sense.I like the fact that there is quite a bit you can interact with as well as walk around, which adds more time in the game since the city is quite large.The dialogue is pretty good, especially between Zoe and the Shitbot.  I have to say I still am not sure what all the different storylines mean, and some of the important decisions you had to make were very cryptic. I'm sure it will come together soon enough, and I look forward to playing more.Scenery and visuals are pretty graphically great.So far 9/10! Also glad this game was on sale as it was on my Wishlist for some time :)"
76561198031427326,Recommended,237850,16799178,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,arinner,It has been a while since I enjoyed a game as much as I enjoyed Dreamfall.  I played the game from Book 1 through Book 3 and now can't wait for Book 4.  I really got into the story so now I am going to look for the previous game and check it out.  I do want to replay with different choices so that when Book 4 comes out I will be right where I want to be.
,Recommended,237850,20385510,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tycerax,"When a game tells you ""You altered your destiny with this choice. You'll see the repercussions."" when you chose what you get for dinner, you know that it means business. Mean business...10/10 would poison Reza again."
76561198142422270,Recommended,237850,34625949,Posted: 30 August,all,The Safety Sage,"Loved the story, enough said! A+"
76561198063353049,Recommended,237850,34633775,Posted: 31 August,all,jcapulet_rose,"Definitely one of the best story-driven games I've ever played. The story portrayed believable (and interesting) personalties, realistic character arcs and a plot which provides a satisfying conclusion to the series."
76561198260297816,Recommended,237850,19296839,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,amyvanharn,Awesome! I cant wait until the next two chapters are released.
76561197970380355,Recommended,237850,17191068,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pisha,"All credit to the developers for creating such a fantastic end to a legendary series like the Longest Journey. A story that draws you in completely, characters you really care about. and such a magnificent ending, I can't praise it highly enough. The game itself ran flawlessly for me. A sign of a great game is when I am sad it comes to an end and I am very sad this ended. I loved every minute of this game. A worthy end."
76561198014768611,Recommended,237850,16806367,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HaapaPuu,"Ah, Dreamfall is finally coming to an end. And they removed the poor combat, there is only adventure gaming goodness here. (Admittedly with the built in caveats of adventure games). Lovely. Books 1 - 3 have been very nice, a definitive opinion can of course only be formed once the fifth one is out."
76561198143114042,Recommended,237850,18395497,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,margin,"I love this game! It has interesting story, it is beautiful and I simply in love with it. Waiting last Books of it.."
76561198027325540,Recommended,237850,18596040,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Morgaine,A really beautiful game with an intriguing storyline.  It did take a little while to get into the game as I didn't play the prequel (hence missed out on a lot of backstory).  But excited for chapters to come.
76561197972363431,Recommended,237850,19590870,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Glancy,"The story is nice (let's say a 7-seven). Truthfully it ain't as good as the first one was in ""The Longest Journey"", but is definitely nicer then the second game. Otherwise the graphics are close to an 8 (on a scale from 1 - 10, where 10 is max). The game is pretty well finished, since I hardly encountered any bugs. Thou the experience of playing it was pretty limited: is not always easy to figure out what you are supposed to do next, plus the diversity is very limited and the way you can handle any situation is fixed - having only one solution available per problem/quest. Sometimes it takes forever to find the designed order to pass a chapter/quest. Giving into temptation to finish much faster a quest on witch you already lost too much time finding a specific hidden item, sometimes results in forgetting that you were given a choice on the matter. The story finishes abruptly - maybe another chapter is missing. Overall grade: 6 minus."
76561198017736253,Recommended,237850,19660545,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Knight Murphy,"[Written during chapter 4]: Dreamfall Chapters is absolutely stunning. Visuals and all. The engine has been updated since initial release and now even more beautiful and spectecular than before. Voice acting, plot, everything is very-high end and well thought of.The story is very compelling, decisions matter, and everything is balanced very well with interesting characters all around (the main characters as well as other characters in the game).The game has definate replay-value and I'm looking forward after the final chapter is released to replay it and make different choices.If you love story-rich games, this one is a definate yes for you. For others who'd like to try out story-rich adventure games, this is a good place to begin.Hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,237850,20129141,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mαximiliαn,best game in the world
76561197988135042,Recommended,237850,12907821,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bLoUse cLoWNs!,"Well, Of course i played the previous TLJ games several times in fact. The story line in Dreamfall chapters is great, Chracters are great. I especialy liked the Foul mouthed Indian chick.Its all here man, all the things you loved about the first two games in the story. Great characters, great voice acting, etc etc. I love it!But i just got through this game in about 3 hours....Im confused...i understand chapters but THAT SHORT?WAAAAAAY TOO SHORT for 30 bucks ill have to be honest. Now i have to wait for book 2? 3? wtf.IF your a fan of the original games your of course going to like this one.But for new players this is hardly going to make sense, and 30 bucks for 2-3 hours of gameplay is going to be an even harder sell. Honestly April was much easier to like than Zoe for a new player.... bah why so short!?"
76561198056145846,Recommended,237850,12895631,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SalvorHardin,"This game is amazing. Can't wait for the others chapters... I was so disappointed when the sequel to Dreamfall:TLJ never happened... but this does the original and the sequel justice.Worth every cent.EDITJust finished playing Book 2... could not resist. Still a very solid game, with amazing voice acting and story telling. Now the long wait for Book 3 begins...EDIT 2:I finished the game. I loved it. I want MORE...If you liked the first game, or are interested in a good story, this is the game for you.(starting on my second run... this time, i'll go down another path.)"
76561198001400122,Recommended,237850,12915828,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,zarhax,"Way too short for the price (about 50 USD). I finished book one in 4 hours.Other than the lenght, I really enjoyed it. Highly recommended if the price was lower."
,Recommended,237850,13036725,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Öz,"I guess there's some spoilers in this. If you loved the previous games, then definitely get it, but if you have no idea what this game is, then first play through at least Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, and if you're ever so bold to play through an old game then play the Longest Journey as well before you play this. It will be worth it, I promise. The game will be that more satisfying. Though if you want the real experience, play those games, then wait 8 years and then play this. That way you get the full waiting game down. I guess this is more geared towards people who played the previous versions.A second sequel to the classic Longest Journey, however one doesn't need to play the first two to jump right into this game. I highly recommend the other games as the games do have journey in the name, and while someone could understand everything from the recap they have in the main menu, I thought of it as more of the developers strumming my nostalgic strings.While there are problems with the game, the writing, music, and scenery still drive me to explore every bit of the game. The main problems with game I have are when the characters talk and the other characters they talk to don't seem to be engaged into the conversation at all. They devolve in this reserved blank stare as they are listening to the other speak, and the other speaking doesn't seem to maintain eye contact or even shift eyes or do any other special animations. Whil this was passable for old games in 2006, this is 2014, and we have super machines that can handle all the animations, so please animators or animation director or whatever, please unleash the full vision of the writers and artists.Other than that I also still get graphic artifacts on my screen when walking around Europolis or whatever. Especially around the hotdog stand with the communist vendor. Socialism vs. Communism aside, I saw at certain angles when I tried to give myself the movie experience were bright red faded squares of light, but maybe that's just the developers giving me a hint. Karl Marx=GodBad aside, the music is just too damn pretty and perfect. Maybe they hired Hans Zimmer, I don't know. Throughout the game I couldn't tell if I had shed a tear for the pretty scenic colors, the writing, or the music, and you damned developers outdid yourselves in that regard. The writing is certainly better in this, it feels as though my choices throughout the game actually matters, though I fear it's too much of a good thing and I'm going to be strong along in later chapters, please don't realize my fears. Probably because you flash this choice has consequences and so and so will remember this whenever I make any sort of decision. I'm so damn skeptical and think, ""oh yeah sure."" I'd get rid of that little text entirely, who the hell though of that? You're ruining my immersion damnit.The writing might not seem so special for anyone picking up the game, but it's absolutely delightful when you've played through all the games. The first ♥♥♥♥ing minutes of the game had me glued to the screen because they made closure for April Ryan, and then they allowed Zoe Castillo to ♥♥♥♥ing grow as a character. Though I guess you cuold go the other road and keep her being an insufferable♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least she's probably making a pretty penny by staying petty. Other things that find closure they finally end the vagueness while keeping up the mystery. For example, ""the Vagabond"" actually has a purpose now, he's your magestic mystic minority character, no but seriously I was always confused what the point of the vagabond was, and I didn't even know his name until they spell it out for you in this game. So while these characters have flesh out brilliantly, I also think that the writing staff also grew a little. That's to say in language too, I suppose. Though you all throw out ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥'s and bleep out the bloody's. What the b____y ♥♥♥♥ is that about?Also great job bringing back wonkers. Nothing like reiterating that Zoe's only childhood friend was a robotic purple monkey. Also Olivia died, not sure why, will find out more I suppose. Maybe it was an infection from alll the piercings, her body became septic and ther was nothing the doctors could do. RIP Olivia.Also good job toning down the sex appeal of Zoe in the first chapter, then totally just flashing some perfect♥♥♥♥♥in the second chapter, then while analyzing other characters asses, they are not so great.Puzzles aren't as challenging as the previous games I guess, but I there's some confusing bits still, and I won't spoil the fun, but you might want to try looking up once in awhile. Also do less clicking and more thinking, you'll save more time than I wasted.All around my complaints are just petty and nitpicky (just like zoe, did I say that? :O), and I believe anyone will throughly enjoy this sequel.8 b____y mary's out of 10"
76561197982448052,Recommended,237850,12871836,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,McCracken,"nice story line, but too short for as much as i paid. if future chaps come free then its ok. also recommend wolf amongst us, and left for dead by telltale. same style, but this is not cartoonish. game becomes jittery and laggs abit on my machine."
,Recommended,237850,12885395,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Andromeda,"Remember those days when you had the books you could make decisions with. Turn to page 42 no no wait don't like that result go back. Well take that remove the cheating of turning back the pages then slap it on one of the most engaging adventures you will ever likely to play.Every decision is constantly changing the story, changing the game. A small decision will encounter you later in big ways. It is definately worth a go but be sure to play the previous 2 games before picking this one up."
76561198053638399,Recommended,237850,13169485,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kabuki,"First off, I want to say big THANK YOU to Ragnar and his team for doing such a marvelous job at creating a serie like this. I know that I shouldn't put these things on the very beginging of my review but screw this - I first got in touch with The Longest Journey when I was, I don't know, 5 years old? I still remember my grandma who bought me it and I played it together with my sister. Then I was 10 and I could play Dearmfall: The Longest Journey. I loved it (and I still do love it) and I can say that I pretty much have grown up on this game and a fantastic world Ragnar has created. Thank you.Getting to the very main point of my review I want to talk about technical issues first. It was quite a shock to jump from Dreamfall's Zoe and Kian to Chapter's Zoe and Kian and I think that I liked Dreamfall's version better. Crashes happend - a lot. Lack of optimalization was compensated by the cool look of the game, even on the lowest settings. It is kind of a plus. I liked the way I could control my character, I didn't hit as many walls as I did in the Dreamfall. But again - crashes in the city made my play very uncomfortable. Yes, I have to admit - my PC isn't the newest on the stock but it is not an antique either! I heard from other players that I am not the only one so maybe there is some way to optimalize so big and detailed places like Europolis? Maybe there is not, I can see that you guys have put a lot of work into this location, but not pointing out that one would be pure insincerity.Oh, how I loved big complitated world of TLJ! And you know what? The realm in Dreamfall Chapters have not let me down <3 I can see so many links with the first part that I could cry in front of my computer - so many memories! The characters have not lost anything from their charm (my dear Kian, you are so hated by other fans but you've got me even more with your attitude against...shh, no spoilers!). I am truly amazed. RTS, you have a pat on the back from me *pat pat*All in all, I strongly recommend this game. It was worth waiting for 8 years to see such a great production. I can see that the creators have put a lot of heart into what they were doing here, this game has a spirit, it provokes to think about some important matters like manipulation, thoughtless entertainment, 'corporialism'. What's more, this complex world and plot is flavoured with witty humour and nice dialogues between well-constructed characters.And finally, this game has no linear plot, which makes a gamer pour a little of his own thinking into choices he makes ;)"
,Recommended,237850,12882598,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ThursdayWar,"Artwork is striking and very visually unique, and the  soundtrack is brilliant for ambiance (especially in Storytime and in Propast).Also, adorable toddler scene is adorable."
76561198040502178,Recommended,237850,13171771,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Batmanismybitch,Book One had an intereseting story great characters and a number of awesome different choices that must be made. The only big thing that I did not like was the gameplay...
76561197999167092,Recommended,237850,12879042,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,mazeedt,Some performance issues with the graphics but the main point for me with the dreamfall series has never been the graphics but the story.It was a bit short but atmospheric. Waiting eagerly for book 2 great story so far. The graphics (the look and feel of the world) are also amazing.
76561198017164110,Recommended,237850,12753895,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SiN,"Judging from Book One alone, I still cannot recommend this game except for hardcore Dreamfall chapters who enjoyed the previous games (Longest Journey and Dreamfall).Pros:- Excellence in story telling and character development.- Great graphics.- Decisions affect the story line. (Deja vu?)Cons:- Not optimized at all. Too much FPS drops especialy in Europolis.- Repetetive gameplay - out of around 5 hours needed to complete this, you spend around 2 wandering around Europolis fighting your way to know where to go next. It wouldn't have been so bad if there was actually something you can do along the way. The city is boring with big amounts o repetitive environments and NPCs.Overall score: 6/10"
,Recommended,237850,12757992,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DanielF823,I love this game and world so much!!!!!!!!!I am in the process of going back and completing the back log now!!It is so freaking good for those wanting a compelling story and fleshed out world.In the vein of old point and click adventure games.Cant wait for the next 2 chapters!!!!!!!!!
76561198027033315,Recommended,237850,12608339,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MorningLightMountain,A well written story with memorable characters and engaging dialogue. Choosing dialogue options is actually meaningful since your character explains what they are thinking with a few sentences when you hover over an option. Making choices is often done by actions like stepping into a conversation or just eavesdropping instead of always through dialogue.
76561198157323148,Recommended,237850,12769850,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Malinis,"Slightly different from The Longest Yourney and the previous Dreamfall when it comes to how the point-and-click works. You adapt extremely quickly though and before you know it you find yourself stuck in yet another beautiful game.The fun part about this game is the fact that you feel you're watching a movie - and actually get to choose some of the plot yourself, a lot of people has criticized the story but i personally love it!  Red Thread Games just posted a great movie for those of you that either can not remember the story from the previous games, or the ones that has not played either of them. I don't feel it is a 100% necessary for you to know the story behind but it will absolutely enhance your perception of the game.It is an absolutely stress-free game so far, and a game you can enjoy whether you're tired, up for a movie, ready for some action or just bored and looking to spend some easy time. This, combined with loads of riddles, makes it the perfect game.A few glitches here and there as the game is still in an early stage, but the publisher is really listening to their players when it comes to reports and bugfixing etc. I still have not stumbled across any glitches that are severe enough to require a report.As i mentioned earlier, this is yet another beautiful game. I have always favoured Arcadia and seeing the graphic quality-facelift they've put on stark, i can hardly wait for loads and loads of more level designs and hopefully lots of Arcadia. I'll be like christmas everytime a new chapter gets released. Well done, red thread games! I love it and the game absolutely lives up to my expectations."
76561197987630975,Recommended,237850,19468901,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Serendipity,Well written and so far very intriguing
,Recommended,237850,17157781,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,brunobrcard,"This is a good game. It is a adventure (not exactly the old point and click) in a 3d environment. It presents a great story (so far I have played 3 of5 episodes) and follows the events of the last game however I do think that the gameplay itself could be better.Graphics 7.5/10 - Do not get me wrong, these are very good graphics however they are not truly optimized. In a 270x even if it does not stay at 99% usage, I have to disable anti-aliasing to get over 30 fps. Using far higher settings I can get 45-50 fps in Mordor with the same hardware. There are also strange lighting effects with weird results. If the graphics in this game were optimized, I would have given it one more point.Sound 8.5/10 - The music is good and there are voiceover gems . Shitbot is hillarious.Story 10/10 - I love the story and its intrigue. Lots of unexplained misteries. True choices and consequences (better than telltale).Gameplay 7/10 - Although I love the story, sometimes I wonder why the developers opted to construct the gameplay the way they did. It feels awkard sometimes. Some tasks are just random and almost no clue is given. Navigating on the open world is tedious and there is a lot of backtracking. You do not carry a map, which is only available in selected places.Overall 8.5/10 - If you enjoy adventures, liked the The Longest Journey, or like a great mistery story, I recommend this game to you. It is a very good game indeed. A few of the design choices are awkard however they do not take away the charm the story offers."
76561197983112616,Recommended,237850,18095010,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,erekose_handy,"It's the third game in The Longest Journey series, the first of which was to the Point and Click adventure what Freespace 2 was to Space Sims, and Serious Sam was to shooters. The last, and the very best, example of a dying genre. To this day, the story and the gameplay is touching, bittersweet, engaging, and brilliant, unlike anything else.The second game, Dreamfall, was produced during the Adventure Dark Ages, and was also excellent. Despite some unwise ""innovations"" and streamlining, and a cliffhanger not-ending. In many ways it invented storytelling devices that Telltale games and ""Walking Simulators"" such as Gone Home are just beginning to understand.Basically, you owe it to gaming to play this series. all of it."
76561197994133435,Recommended,237850,18489142,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cheetah,"If you played and loved Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,237850,12645321,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Kinren,"Continues on the story I have grown to be mystified by.  I love the Longest Journey, Dreamfall, and now this.  This first chapter was short.  I took my time and just took in the narrative, the scenery and everything it has too offer.  I can't wait for the next chapters."
,Recommended,237850,12633474,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,chosenusername,"Definitely worth it if you were a fan of the previous installments. If you're new to the Longest Journey saga - you might want to wait until more chapters are released. Or go play Dreamfall!I played through the first chapter in about 4 hours. The story is immersive and richy detailed. Europolis was a beautiful example of how a cyberpunk city should look. Can't wait for the next chapters to come out.On the downside, there were a couple minor bugs that I noticed. The characters lips and words did not always match up all that well in some of the scenes. The controls are a little different and take some getting used to - but they did away with the horrible combat controls I suffered through in Dreamfall so I can't complain that much.Zoe was hilarious as usual. I wish there'd been more Arcadia but hopefully in the next chapters.Definitely glad I bought."
,Recommended,237850,12600761,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,thesawolf,"Beautiful, exquisite, engrossing. Dreamfall Chapters continues the story of Dreamfall and The Longest Journey in a beautifully rendered, exquisitely voice-acted, and engrossingly written episodic game where your choices affect the outcome and direction of the story.As with most initial releases, there are a few hiccups with FPS in various areas regardless of the player's machine configuration. The developers have been responsive and acknowledged these complaints and working towards fixes. I commend them for being responsive as they are, I've seen MANY companies drop the ball. I've only run into a few FPS issues (namely the intro movie) but seem to be fine going through Europolis (where lots of people have been complaining).I do not regret this purchase in the slightest and am eager for the upcoming chapter releases. I stand by my choice to pre-order the Special Edition (since I missed the Kickstarter campaign)."
,Recommended,237850,19520665,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pewly,"there were only one huge problem with the game before - ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization. Everything else in this game were great.Guess what, they changed the engine, improved graphics, and optimized the game very well. From 15 fps to stable 60 on highest graphical settings.Totally recommend this game to anyone. And dont worry, you'll be fine even if you missed previous games."
76561198242547620,Recommended,237850,19404889,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jessicabrovsky,"You need to have a really intense processor or the magic is lost. Unfortunately my computer is balls but I've seen videos on the Web that are fantastic so I know what it's supposed to look like.Wonderful story, great plot and compelling game play. Highly recommend this game.It is a shame that none of the earlier games are available on Mac, so I couldn't play those first. Some references will be confusing if you can't play the first few games."
,Recommended,237850,19471491,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,.•° Scoob,After the Unity 5 update it's almost like a whole new game.  It looks VASTLY better than before and also runs MUCH faster.  It's creamy and silky smooth.  The Book 4 release with Unity 5 is the release you've been waiting for if you've had technical issues with the game in the past.
,Recommended,237850,30055862,Posted: 20 February,all,nibriddan,This is a phenomenal game. I say game but it's more of an interactive movie. Gameplay is enjoyable with a good amount of unique puzzles through out.The story is very engaging and with your choices actually changing things there's more replayability than has been traditional associated with these sorts of games. I whole hearted recommend this to people that like story rich adventure games.I really hope there is more to come
76561198098774369,Recommended,237850,23241782,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,pvmailx5,"One of the best games I have ever played. It has interesting characters, great story, choices that affect it, vast locations, good humour and graphics.This is the third part of a trilogy: The Longest Journey -> Dreamfall -> Dreamfall Chapters. I didn't like The Longest Journey - too many puzzles, weaker plot - didn't finish it. Dreamfall and Dreamfall Chapters are completely different - more videos, fewer puzzles - more like interactive movies. I recommend to play Dreamfall before this one for better experience.The pros are clear, the cons are: no good map (finding places sometimes takes much more time than it should), some puzzles (don't like puzzles). Though puzzles are not a big deal - if stuck I just read the walkthrough - that way they didn't bother me to much."
76561198063766227,Recommended,237850,23415477,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,anja.wassermann,"I can not fully recommend this one:I love The longest Journey and it will be one of my favourite games forever!!!! But Dreamfall and Dreamfall chapters are not that good. Don't get me wrong the story is awesome and it's worth checking out but the gameplay?There is none.Almost none. I never liked episodic games and I played quite a few. I love point and click and I hate it when they change what made the game so awesome just because it's not popular anymore.In Dreamfall you just walked around talking or interacting with things/persons to get thing A and than to put it with thing B you do the same steps again. There was so much backtracking.Dreamfall chapters is just the same but you can make decissions which may have an impact of some sort but some of those decissions are really weird or the reactions you get are not fitting.Spoiler example:Decission: Torture a man or just question him-apparently torture makes him more reliable (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!)Decission: kill him or don't kill him- kill him and you'll make one of your teammates really happy- I didn't kill him because Kian is a rebel now, not a warrior and not an azadi. He becomes your spy which is not at all what I wanted and leaves me very unsatified.Also YOU SHOULD play the first and second game."
76561198019501660,Not Recommended,237850,19803722,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dedîm,"Very bad, boring and too long dialogues, which keep you away from playing. And when dialogues are over, the gameplay lacks in variety and the tasks are unchallenging.You should buy this game if you don't like interactive games or if you need a sleep aid."
,Recommended,237850,26496343,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Cly Suva,Was amazing experience to play all of the games. Definitely one of my favourite stories of all time.
,Not Recommended,237850,28224117,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Militus Immortalis,"It looks great on one of the stories, the other feels extremely blocky and bad looking. Exploration is EXTREMELY unrewarding. The quests have no guides and the saving system is flat out awful. I really, really wanted to get into this, but couldn't. Even upon googling a solution to a part I was stuck at it was a simple game mechanic where you had to stand there listening to NPCs repeat the same dialogue for an extended amount of time. If somebody can help me get into this, by all means.. But I can't recommend it with how it feels right now. (Also feels like you don't get to make decisions.. not that I managed to get far.)This is the first game I have not recommended and I feel a little bad about it, I just wish they'd have put more effort into letting people feel rewarded for exploring (i.e. finding items, dialogue that changes things, etc..) and when you do start dialogue it's just long lines where you have no choice in what to say.  Sorry Dreamfall, you just failed to impress me. :("
,Recommended,237850,12643056,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Shimirel,Really happy to see this game move towards a resolution after so long. Great fun and if you enjoyed the originals download it now.
,Recommended,237850,12629325,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,𝔴𝔞𝔫𝔥𝔢𝔡𝔞,"Love it! Finally it is here!!  So far it has been so beautiful and totally funny. You really should play this game and the other two in this series, at least if you are a fan of point and click games. Because you are totally missing out on an amazing, beautiful game, that has one of the best stories of all games out there ^^"
76561197992694173,Recommended,237850,12924475,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Raphus Cucullatus,Apart from some extremely annoying bugs and performance issues (which should be fixed rather soon) this is a great sequel to Dreamfall and a great game in itself. My only complaint is that it's a bit too short for a first episode.
76561197967770939,Recommended,237850,12602400,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,FalloutSiren,I am quite happy with this so far :) I find it all intriguing and a bit comical at times. It's like an interactive movie! Good followup on The Longest Journey IMO.
76561198272819928,Recommended,237850,26709816,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MayaizzyH,"Just play it.It's so good.Please.I'm not even joking about how much Iove it. I haven't even played any of the other games in the series, but I LOVE IT SO MUCH.The game itself is beautiful, with a vast range of highly interesting and lovable characters, and i feel they really bring the game alive (especially Crow. I love Crow to bits. 10/10 best bird companion ever)I also feel that the enviroments you are placed in are very immersive, and each location is just oozing personality.There is so much more I could say about this game, but my head feels like a potato right now. I wouldn't have written this review at all if I didn't feel the sudden need to gush about how much I LOVE THIS GAME. That and, I doubt half of this review has made sense so far, probably due to my head FEELING LIKE A POTATO.There.I am done.Joining the strike.Had enough of this nonesense.Going to stop before my potato head makes more of a fool out of me.What?I don't know.So, uh, yeah, great game 10/10.I think I need a moment to calm down.(BUY THE FRIGGIN GAME, IF I DIDN'T MAKE THAT CLEAR. YOU'LL PROBABLY LOVE IT. IF NOT, WELL I ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY GIVEN THAT YOU ARE (PROBABLY) A HUMAN BEAN WITH YOUR OWN INDIVIDUAL FREE WILL. IT IS NOT MY FAULT THAT YOU LISTENED TO SOME RANDOM PERSON IN THE REVIEWS. Frankly, I'm amazed you're still reading this. You're not, did you say? Well, splendid. Probably the most sensible option. Ahem.)Ok, I'm done.No, really, I'm done.Buy the game. 10/10This is what happens when you write a steam review when you're in a potato-ish mood.I'm done.This was ridiculous.And a complete waste of both my and your time.Have a nice life, good sirs/madames/lobsters.I wish you a good life. Don't squander it.Ok, done.Bye-bye."
,Recommended,237850,33701515,Posted: 21 July,all,The Outsider,whenever i am tired i just launch this game and walk around and forget about real life for a second this is a beautiful game
76561198089472763,Recommended,237850,23195467,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,sarahfoster411,What a great story. what a great game
76561197973944641,Recommended,237850,12651493,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,the last girl scout,"Absolutely enthralling. Any lover of fantasy and epic story must, MUST, play this stunning game. The story is so detailed and precise it's as if you are watching a book beacuse unlike ""interactive movies"" this game has the finese of a great novel. With beautiful scene setting and captivating music even though it started slow (with the tutorial-like start up) I quickly became obsessed with Zoe's story and the first Book has left me desperately wanting more.Oh also, girlcrush. Zoe is bloody awesome.People shouldn't play this game if they don't like:- Conversation heavy game play- Story driven quests- Puzzles- Amazing atmospheric worlds- And cuddly pink gorillas"
76561198031573533,Not Recommended,237850,25700584,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jewel567,"Not nearly as enjoyable as the first 2 games. I don't know where all these glowing reviews come from, but I found it mostly an incoherent mess. It did have some beautiful graphics and amazing cutscenes, but until Ch 5, none of it seemed to have anything much to do with the previous game. Mostly tedious to play. I wanted more of April's story, not Kian's."
,Not Recommended,237850,16478788,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 5/10I think some people will like it, but I found it tedious and boring. I have really struck out lately with quite a few games. I read reviews on Steam, Amazon, and Metacritic, but I was still lead astray.The idea sounded good and the story seemed ok. But, the control scheme sucks. Their is virtually no explanation what to do. And  it was boring and not fun."
,Recommended,237850,28888366,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ReesesKryss,"Awmazing conclusion to one of the best seires! Gameplay is pretty good and simple, get to meet new characters as well as catching up the ones from previous games. Worth the price."
76561198010307201,Not Recommended,237850,29422059,Posted: 22 January,all,Rebel Poet,"Played the first 2 games back to back, thoroughly enjoyed them (even though 2 was a bit random) and was really looking forward to the end of the trilogy.Dissapointed.- No real puzzles- No actual adventure / point and click feel- Riduculous save system (i can only play in short sessions and having to redo big sections because you cant save gets old     really fast!)- Story doesn't grab you like the first 2 did- Red thread trying waaay too hard with the dialog; not sure what they tried to accomplish with this gameThe game looks good and runs well but this is not the dreamfall i was hoping / looking for.I'm just going to pretend that the last chapters of 2 and the entirety of part 3 (this game) were never released.Hoping Ron Gilbert is going to deliver this year..."
,Recommended,237850,28459538,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PookPunk,"Do I recommend Dreamfall Chapters? Yes, but only if you played the previous 2006 Dreamfall game and 1999’s The Longest Journey. Is it an improvement over the previous Dreamfall game? Yes. Chapters fixes the flawed gameplay of the previous installment by removing combat and stealth modes. Thus, Chapters is designed to be a bit more linear, but it still has that open world feel. It feels more like an adventure game and less like an action/adventure (like the original DF). Also, Chapters introduces a new choice system, which can affect different outcomes in the story. Overall, Chapters concludes the events from the previous installment (and even TLJ to an extent). The game is beautifully rendered and sounds great. Ragnar Tørnquist knows how to tell an engaging story. If you enjoyed the other two games you owe it to yourself to play Chapters.Here's the bad. The first couple Books are slow. Things kick up a bit around Book 3 and onwards. Also, running around everywhere can get repetitive. I’ll get straight to the point and clarify that the DF entries are inferior to the original game (TLJ). First, the DF games exclude the adventure genre elements of TLJ such as: the 2D prerendered backdrops, the wacky puzzles, and the classic point-n-click interface. Also, Zoe Castillo steals the spotlight from April Ryan. However, April is still essentially the primary focus in the DF games despite serving as a supporting character. The only thing that saves the DF games is the return of the engrossing worlds and characters Tørnquist introduced in TLJ. Otherwise, the DF games can be deemed as unnecessary as TLJ stands quite well on its own.Finally, Chapters concludes the previous installment quite well. If the true sequel to TLJ (aka TLJ Home) is ever greenlit it's essential to have April Ryan as the protagonist and return to the roots of the original. There is a big story gap between TLJ and DF that has not been told, which might serve as that true sequel fans have wanted. If Tørnquist, Red Thread Games, or Funcom can’t make this happen then I see no point in continuing from Chapters. Just play the game and you’ll see what I mean. In the meantime, the original TLJ really stands on its own and is a PC classic. If you’ve never played it, I highly recommend playing it over or prior to the Dreamfall spin-offs."
,Recommended,237850,24398647,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Marvellion,"Only one major con from me. Kian being gay feels forced to me. Don't take this as anti-gay, it just feels out of place."
,Recommended,237850,21994317,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,elfpvke,"Trying to run this with an older PC, but within the min. requirements - Book One runs (mostly) okay but Book Two crashes all over the place with 32-bit Windows, to the point where I can't get through it, even with the graphics settings completely dumbed down.   Too bad, it's very good and lives up to the original TLJ.Recommended for fans of the series with at least the minimum system requirements and probably 64-bit version of Windows for PC users.UPDATE: Reinstalling Windows as 64-bit helped a lot.  Runs OK even on medium quality.  First time I had to do that with a recent game, though."
,Not Recommended,237850,29380979,Posted: 20 January,all,juusu,"I really enjoyed Dreamfall: The Longest Journey (DTLJ), mostly for the story. If I recall correctly, I still had to make use of a walkthrough at certain parts, otherwise I would spend hours and hours on a single puzzle.I never got around to playing the first game in the series: The Longest Journey. I believe I read through a synopsis, and doing so made me enjoy DTLJ that much more. I didn't play the first game, if I remember correctly, was because it felt too dated at the time.Dreamfall Chapters is quite hard to play... the featureless, doll-like faces of the characters. The game play which is poorly explained. I got to the point where Zoe was having a therapy session and the lipsync was totally off from the dialogue. Its a shame because I love the universe, but can't bear to finish this game due to the execution. Maybe if I was getting paid to stream it on YouTube, but since I have only the occasional viewer tuning in, I have to actually enjoy it to want to finish it."
,Recommended,237850,31702490,Posted: 12 May,all,rontabs.artstation.com,"One of the best games that I have played in my entire life.  The last time that I have felt such magic in a game was back in the 90's, with Chrono Trigger.  I am very glad that this has been released on consoles just recently, for they won't be left out."
76561197963319062,Recommended,237850,31741309,Posted: 14 May,all,seamlessline,"Really enjoyed this and am looking forward to another playthrough when the Final Cut releases. I feel like this game has found a good middle ground between adventure games of the past and the recent Telltale games. It has the focus on characters and conversation choices but doesn't completely lose the puzzle solving and freedom to explore locations that the Telltale games have been lacking of late. Performance wise, I didn't have any issues other than occasional framerate dips in big areas, but the performance improved for me as the new episodes and patches were released.This game continues its series' great writing whether it's the lore/mythology of the games world(s), or the great dialogs between interesting characters. As someone who loves good story/writing in games, I was definitely happy with what I got.The ending of the game is satisfying and gives the feeling of coming full circle from the Longest Journey. That being said it still leaves you wanting more, and in a good way. Hope to see more in this universe. Whether it's The Longest Journey Home or something else, I'll be there."
,Recommended,237850,31849912,Posted: 19 May,all,Ben,Awsome game before the update 5.4 having controller issues im using big picture mode for the chat iv tried different controller configs but the key binding one turns the charecter very slow can somone help me or please make a fix for this thanks.
76561198063329929,Recommended,237850,31704902,Posted: 12 May,all,radekstana,OMG I love this game. Perfect conclusion of perfect series.
,Recommended,237850,30093777,Posted: 21 February,all,Fibericon,"This game is so good that after I pirated it, I went back and bought it. Except for everything related to Saga. ♥♥♥♥ that character."
76561198029009288,Recommended,237850,23646694,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,iScream,One of ze best adventure games out there
76561198071705090,Recommended,237850,21428879,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,A Red Panda,"I have to say, I do like this game. A lot.There is fantastic graphical update to previous titles. The voice acting is far, FAR improved upon compared to Dreamfall where I thought it lacked. The characters are witty, involving, and much more developed than they were in Dreamfall to, making this a sound development from the previous title.The game movement is slow but then that has been consistent throughout all games, in some way it adds to the pacing of the story. Overall there are some much improved features. The decision making in this game is superb. The decisions do feel weighty, there are some really tough ones to make and the effects of them ripple through the story well.Good style of play, harkening back to the first game. No sign of any combat which I really didn’t like from Dreamfall so that is a plus too. Overall this game really seems to have nailed what I wanted more of from Dreamfall.Story is very good, driving, mysterious, far more engaging than Dreamfall and better written than The Longest Journey.This is by far the best of the lot."
,Recommended,237850,21395023,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Dreamfall is back. If you like games with smart plots, and cool acting, with not too much action, this is for you."
76561198030861756,Recommended,237850,21502335,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nessquik,Great game. Live up to others in the series. Explains a lot of cliffhangers. I can't wait for the final chapters.
76561197990429196,Recommended,237850,21334531,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,rickyli99,"I don't know what happened, first 3 chapters I couldn't wait for the next one. Then the fourth chapter happened and it took me a while to finish (the chapter was really short, I just kept putting it down). Now the 5th chapter is here and I stopped right after the rock climbing portion of the game. If you played TLJ and Dreamfall, yes get it to finish the story line I guess. FWIW I played TLJ back when it first came out, then Dreamfall, but something doesn't feel the same in chapters, can't put my finger on it, that baby episode was especially egregious."
76561197972465371,Recommended,237850,21340856,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,masteralan,This game has a nice easy going pace it does not mean that the puzzles are all easy and wondering around does not have its hazzards.Done in book form helps a little so you know you are progressing however the choices that you make will have consequences and this canbe a worry if you believe afterwards you have made the wrong choice as the only way to correct it is to restart the whole gameIt is however it is a very good game and well worth playing even with the wait fore the next book/chapter to be issued and no cost for new book updates
,Recommended,237850,21449972,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Elethriel,"A beautiful return to The Longest Journey Franchise in the form of an episodic game that actually delivers on the promise of different story lines depending on the choices you make.Visually stunning and excellently written, honest dialogue, difficult choices and believable characters.Also Crow.Crow."
,Recommended,237850,20435982,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Quintus Antonius,"The Longest Journey and its sequel Dreamfall are some of my favorite games.  Dreamfall Chapters continues the rich lore and storyworld first established in its predecessors and strives to provide that same level of storycraft and immersion.That said, I am not sure if a newbie to the franchise would get much out of Chapters.  So much of it, including the characters and settings, are direct continuations of Dreamfall (and The Longest Journey) that I don't think it would be very ""new user friendly"".Also, I would say it is more helpful to think of this as an interactive story or comic book on par with Telltale Game's offerings rather than a full-on video game.  In that sense, Chapters is a good successor to the point and click adventure, but it is much different than most other games today.  People looking for continuous action, open world exploration, or a handholding tutorial will be disappointed greatly as the game does one thing--narrative--and it does it well, often at the sake of other game play features.The graphics are also somewhat dated, but still quite nice.  The people look a little plastic, but the voice acting makes up for that and then some.So, all and all, I would definitely recommend Dreamfall Chapters, with the cavet that you should plan on playing The Longest Journey and Dreamfall as well or you will miss out big time.  I hope that Chapters is successful and inspires more entries in the franchise, as this is a very unique world that bears much more exploration."
76561198267942707,Recommended,237850,20776541,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,DragonFly_Bu,"I do recommend this game! :D It's one of the best games I've ever played! The story is rich, the characters are unique, and your choices really matter and can lead you to interesting consequences. There are some minor bugs that are being fixed by frequent updates.The two main characters are awesome! I love Zoë Castillo since ""Dreamfall: the Longest Journey"", but at that time I didn't care much about Kian Alvane, the apostle. In Dreamfall Chapters, Kian becomes an essential part of the game, and he's got my affection! ^^I'm looking forward to the 5th Book!"
,Recommended,237850,20816940,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,kennet0508,"ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!story driven! choice based in a sense where you feel like your choices really makes a difference!im loving it so far! cant wait for more!PS: absolutely recomended that you play the previous games before playing this or there will be a lot of things you do not understand and a lot of feels will be missed outEdit:Finished the game now, Beautiful!"
,Recommended,237850,20831148,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,queen_of_leander,"Book 5, can't hardly wait. Problem is, since there is no way to start a new save with my current data still in tact, this does somewhat pose a dilemma for me, especially since I want to go back and pick some different options. If book 5 happens to come out in a few months, well it would be nice if I can keep the info I have now. Not that getting back there would be too difficult (but it is time consuming). This game is excellent. The story is very emotive, very smart, it really does feel like your decisions have weight. I felt like it was such a weighty cliff hanger at the end of this game, very bittersweet, sad but hopeful. As a person who was not familiar with the previous games, I sort of just jumped in, based on some videos about it and other reviews. I have to say, I was not disappointed. Sometimes, there were parts, especially during book 1 & 2 where I had to think about things on some puzzles, or how to interact with an item or how I was suppose to use said item, but it's not impossible things. The vents was very tricky and I admit, I had to seek out help during that part, but I did not want to read hints on other parts of the game. I really did want to be surprised by the results. I came to the conclusion that there are a few choices which are better than others, but like most things, there's really no wrong answer. Life by its nature is reactive, it's fluid, it's changing, and this game does a great job of capturing how tough it is to know which is the right path, and is there truly a right path, rather than simply things you get caught up in sometimes? I like how this game truly makes you think about things, it's not the average cookie-cutter adventure/RPG, but it's not morbid, it's strange I'll give you that, but in a wonderful way really.I do think this game would be better served by allowing you to save different formats, instead of it rewriting over your saves. I don't honestly know why some games choose to do that, but that is always a little annoying for those of us who need to see different sides of a game, who want to get different perspectives (and perspective, isn't that mostly what life is about anyway?). But, it's still probably a minor point. I have to say that, I would have prefered some of the buildings to be a tad more interactive, just being able to go inside more places instead of only being allowed in certain areas, but I realize this was fan-backed, so I have to say in that respect, much was accomplished from that and the development team seemed to make good use of what was provided. It's a game I'm proud to say I wanted to finish, and I'm still thinking about Saga, and Zoe.I really thought that showing Saga grow from a baby to a child to a teen was really clever, it gave me a strange sense of ...wonder I guess, development did a really good job of making that baby look so very realistic, baby fat and chubby cheeks, and I loved that locket, it was so touching to see that scene, and I really felt for Saga's dad (even if he placed those wards in the first place, I'm sure he had his reasons, even if they were misguided). I loved how authenic Saga's dad's accent was, I swear he was from Dublin, who knows maybe that voice actor was haha.And correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Stephanie Leonidas play Zoe? I only know because I've seen mirror mask like 20 times, so you get to pick up things when you hear someone enough, anyway, it does sound like her, but not fully sure if it is. In fact, so many of the voice actors sound really authenicly UKish, you even threw in some Cockney sounding rustic gents, in the Mercuria village, like some of the farmers saying ""I'm really lookin' forward to this years fes-teee-val, I could really hear that rustic charm, it really made me laugh. I'm from America, though I have a few UK friends, but I've never been to any of the isles, but you get to know a thing or two about voices once you've heard an accent enough. Like how the people from London tend to say ""innit"", the cockney people tend to put extra S's on everything and they generally reflect a more laid back way, like people in the south in American do, though we tend to not say ""we be over there"", now we might say reckon, which is strange the similarities there.Anyway, sorry...nerd alert I like language and and literature. Anyway, I've played alot of games where the voice acting just did not sound believable, but it's really awesome in this game, closest one was perhaps Bard's Tale (but then again Cary Elwes is Welsh I believe, kind of surprised I didn't hear his voice in this, wouldn't he have also made a great Doctor therapist, wink, wink). I do like how there's different sounding nationalities, and all the languages seem hodge-podge, like some of the curses are mashed together, you saw this in Blade Runner (movie/short story), though there were quite a few Indian sounding people as well, but it really gave the future a more wider scope. Isn't it ironic in the story though, that everyone doesn't seem to make a big deal about langauge or race, in the future, it's when Kian is in his world, where people start discriminating against magicals (book 4, especially the end, reminded me of the Nazi concentration camps, to be honest... Ge'en was very believable, and I did not expect the admin of the camp to look like that, very unassuming, but isn't that how it is sometimes? Scary.I'm hoping in book 5 we'll find out what happened to Bip, he became very endearing, I almost felt bad about not telling him the truth about his parents, even though I know the game is usually ran a certain way, if I think about it psychologically, he needed to prepare himself for that death camp; it might have helped him to put up a smarter fight, though in the end he's still a boy, not superman. I really felt for his character, and I really didn't feel guilty about knowing that woman into the pit, it was quite enjoyable really, she was really sadistic, and the joke between Kian and Leiko was funny, though it makes me wonder, if you go solo ...I do wonder, does she just point the gun at Kian, and if so how would you distract her? That's part of the joy to getting more than one perspective in a game. I'll really enjoy another play through, but I'm not sure if I should wait, and maybe part 5 will come out in a few months, if that's the case I can probably wait then, but I would like to alter a few of my decisions on a next run through, since I'm fairly aware which choices are the worse ones. There are a few parts where it's simply personal choice, like about either torturing that solider or not doing it, in one instance Enu will like you, in another Leiko will dislike you (but you can redeem with him later). In this respect, it is in a similar vain as many of the Tell-tale games, however...I'll choice fantasy and sci-fi anyday over zombie/horror, perhaps because I'm more a dream than a realist, but people can display many sides sometimes, just depends on which you do/enjoy the most? I really recommend this game, especially to a buff of either genre, and I do enjoy my share of thriller titles, but I'd rather be thought-provoked, than just adrenalined all the time, I will admit Yaga's house was scary as hell though, and that really creepy feeling you get when you hear that voice (yikes), but it was only in one part of the game, so it's not like my adrenaline was high the whole time. I sort of like that, when it's used as a rare effect, but not in everything. I mean, once you get jump scared 20 times it sort of looses it's rush, and you're still getting anxiety which is not so good on the stress meter you know. A good story can win over game play, but it all matters. This game felt like just the right balace to make it immersive, in fact when you first see the sprawling city, it's easy to just be in wonder at the sheer size of it, it really felt like another world."
,Recommended,237850,20882335,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,failsure,"I really enjoy it now although I found the first book to be a real slog.  Books two and beyond have been wonderful.  The recent engine update has really made my experience better on Linux,  Highly recommended, although some of the puzzles remind me a little too much of old Sierra games where I randomly click on stuff hoping and praying for something to be the solution.  This seemed to be less of an issue for me as chapters went on.  I can't wait for book five!"
,Recommended,237850,20905474,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gaffit,"I originally bought this game as a long time fan of both The Longest Journey series and Ragnar Tornquist's work. And I have to admit, at first I was a bit underwhelmed. It was great seeing how all the characters were holding up after all these years. But in the first Book it seemed like the team was just getting used to the Unity Engine. The scene locations are all gorgeus and packed with details and the character models all look good, but the first book involved a lot of running back and forth. But after sticking with it through the first book, the game really picks up. The plot kicks off, and actions have the most ridiculous consequences. I'm refusing to take any alternative choices at the moment so I can keep my ""canon"" run, but I can see how by making a few different choices, you could be playing a completely different game.The characters are all charming and humor is spot on. The sad moments leave me feeling dwelling on my mistakes all day and triumphant moments make me feel happy that I just got everyone through. I'd highly recommend this game to any and all TLJ fans, it's an instant buy. But for new players, I'd recommend going back and playing the first two games to really get the most out of the experience. They do include a nice ""The Story So Far"" movie in the game, but by playing the first two games you get a much better feel for the story, characters, and world of the longest journey."
76561198258553236,Recommended,237850,21230689,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jularon,Love this game <3
76561198024156315,Recommended,237850,21238702,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,eharris63,"I've played this game since the beginning (The Longest Journey and then Dreamfall:The Longest Journey).  This entire series is probably the best written game ever.  No exaggeration.  The story is so rich.In Chapters, the voice acting is phenomenal, the story is engrossing, the graphics are amazing (my little laptop couldn't keep up with em, even after the Unity 5 update - but that's my own issue).Red Thread has done an amazing job rejuventaing this series - I am very impressed.  I can't WAIT to see this on console!  I hope that this game opens the door for more awesome adventure games.  Great ones like these are few and far between - so SICK of 1st person shooters!Awesome game!  I can't wait to see how this ends!"
,Recommended,237850,19425069,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Taylor Swift <3,Verry good storytelling and voice acting a game you MUST PLAY!
,Recommended,237850,20417548,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JeiFaeKlubs,"Years ago, I played Dreamfall: The longest Journey on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC without much experience with PC games, and loved it, even though I barely remember the story. So I had to buy this game for nostalgia reasons. Again, I love it.The story and the really well developt characters alone makes it worthwhile and fun. The puzzles are good, there's even some tiny form of stealth in there. I expected some sort of combat like in ""The Longest Journey"", but even without that it is really fun to play.I really liked the choices, too, so far. Not all choices have big influences on the story, and because I've seen with a lot of these ""your choices matter""-games, I don't expect the ending to be completely different and influenced by everything you decided. But the NPCs give you the feeling the choices matter. Mostly it's relationships that depend on what you do, and seemingly also some lives. Also, not every choice is obvious and you'll only notice later that you actually made that choice, which is a great touch. And sometimes your choices don't matter at all, just like in real life :)I have some negative points, but those shouldn't keep you from playing this game:* The first two hours or so in the first book start off a bit slow. You run around a lot, you talk a lot, you don't really get to do that much. From a story-perspective, it makes sense, but it's very linear.* It is sometimes buggy, though I know the devs are working on it. Most bugs I've encountered fixed themselves after restarting the game.* The puzzles are linear. I would have loved to have two or three different possibilities to approach most puzzles. the levels are also quite linear, there's not much exploring to be done - which I would have loved to see in such a rich and well-developed world as this.EDIT: Oh yes, and there's a lot of swearing and genital-jokes in there! Fits the settings perfectly ;)"
,Recommended,237850,20444852,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,Great sequel to the great game. Must have!
,Recommended,237850,20520999,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,alexc24,"I recommend the game to the fans of the series. New players may have a hard time having nostalgia tears like I did. Some lagging on Book Four, but Unity 5 makes everything smoother :D A wonderful story that keeps you wondering all the time, like me :D Beautiful, crisp locations and interesting characters. Too MANY choices, which got me seeing Balance symbols above people's heads in real life as well!Anyway, I do recommend the game, be sure to have an above average PC or laptop, as it is a pretty demanding game and on Book Four I almost gave up because of some bugs and slow movement. Totally recommended!* PLAY BOOK FIVE. The ending is simply magnificent and in true Ragnar nature, mysterious. There are explanations, a happy ending and still a few questions left for the Longest Journey Home, which I hope will be made someday. There is also a cameo that nearly brought me to tears. :DNo spoilers. Buy the game, the ending is worth everything you go through four Books."
,Recommended,237850,20613090,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ellen Cascade,Seriously in my top 5 games ever played. Maybe even my second favorite right behind Tales of Symphonia.-Great voices-Great graphics-Wondnerful story. One of my favorites in the video game world so far.-Game play is great too.Really this is my first review on Steam. If you like role playing story based games you cant go wrong with this one. I'm in love.
,Recommended,237850,20711801,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"This game is soooo good!! I really like it so far. It stands out graphically/visually, story has my attention, oh AND the voice acting, music/sound is amazing as well.. I'm not sure where it's going and even debating going back to play the first parts before continuing as I never have played the previous related titles. So yeh who knows, my opinion, I LOVE this game so far and even convincing me on the series, excellent game especially if you have the system that can make it shine that much more cause it does impress, I would say anyway;)"
76561198137325951,Recommended,237850,20719897,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZacRupnow,"By far the most emotion I've ever gotten playing a game, it's like the feeling of reading your favorite book or movie the moment you realize it's your favorite. But that feeling is present almost the entire duration of the game, each of the three main world spaces and their sub-areas all change as you move on, and there is a constant feeling of awe with different tones in each world."
,Recommended,237850,20995685,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Beastage,"A good game is a game that makes you want more of it.... I need book five so bad now, miss Crow already."
,Recommended,237850,21165713,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kr1stfro,"Spilla opp til ei flott avslutning og mye bedre enn Drømmefall, men ikke akkurat Den lengste reisen."
76561198083924942,Recommended,237850,12745618,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,syahia,"Love the universe, the storyline... deep characters and inspired dialogs !   It feels good to have an original atmosphere - not a ""standardized"" scenario and over-used clichés.Can't wait for next chapter !"
76561198146556673,Recommended,237850,12754160,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,aarnsgonzales,"I have a great expectation with this game, I played The Longest Journey and the Dreamfall: The Longest Journey after I played the first book of the Dreamfall Chapters. The game, in my opinion, is very unique, the Red Thread had a great ability to develop an engaging and at the same time very deep narrative storyline. The description of the game as a game that marries ""cyberpunk universe with medieval fantasy"" very unfair. He is more than that. I try to set it in a nutshell as a game that provokes reflection on the notion of each person on their commitment to society. And does it with elements - for me - other than the ""blockbusters"": empowered women characters and protagonists in the unfolding of the story enventos. Let's see how the story ends.."
76561198043897398,Recommended,237850,12617224,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cyber_Mushi,Review of Book One:From begeining to end this is short...Too short and the jail area is just very poor. Game looks a decade behind the times. Mouth movement is very off and choppy. That is until you get to Zoe and her city. This looks a lot better but the game runs so glitchy. Crashed a few times on me and often the system stops to catch up to you. This has a very very poor unpolished feel. However when your standing still or walking slow the game does look very good.I feel more interactions could have been worked into the city area. A mini map would be a god send as the city map system is very hard to clearly understand as its vague. All in all I love the story and the landscape graphics are good the people could use alot more work. I think mouth movement could be stopped all together and it create a better feel. It would be old school but at least a better old school.I am only glad that for the money your going to get all the chapters and not have to fork over more each time. That would end things right there for me.
,Recommended,237850,12662125,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Bmobius,"After so many years of believing that I'd never see a true sequel to The Longest Journey/Dreamfall, I was very excited to see this long-awaited new chapter emerge! I 've always felt that the conclusion to Dreamfall left so many unanswered questions so when Chapters came along, I had to jump right back in and see where the story would take me.Thumbs Up:- A well written continuation of the events in the previous game. Zoe feels very authentic regardless of the decisions she's faced with making. I can only assume that Kian will be given the same kind of development as the additional Chapters are released.- A fully realized environment. The layout of Propast feels filled in and lively.- Interaction with almost everything in the enviroment. Even if Zoe or Kian can't touch or use something directly, they will have thoughts and feelings to share with the player.- Continuity and nostalgia. So many story elements from the previous games are faithfully touched on and added to. There are a number of little tributes to Dreamfall and The Longest Journey if you know where to look!- Every decision counts. I particularly like this feature. It makes doing multiple playthroughs worthwhile.- An AMAZING soundtrack. So much of the score is just brilliantly done and it does a great job of conveying the story without being overbearing.- Driven by narrative. Chapters definitely covers a lot of ground in a short amount of time. It feels like a really good book or TV show. However, as it does not feature combat (so far), this may not be everyone's cup of tea.Thumbs Down:- Some of the voice acting is a little hard to listen to. Additionally, the amount vulgar language just seems to be overkill. A little bit can add spice and depth to a character. Too much just makes them uninteresting.- Some of the puzzles and goals could stand to have a bit more explanation to them. I'm not talking outright hand-holding, but a gentle nudge or exposition could go a long way. Especially if you're negotiating between two people...- Many of the NPC are too identical. Repitions in hairstyle and clothing tend to break up the immersion, unfortunately.- Optmization issues. Even with settings at the lowest, this game could suffer from framerate issues on some machines. The is VERY noticeable in Propast.Overall:This is a worthy sequel. It feels finished and fully fleshed out. I'm enjoying it immensely and I cannot wait to see what happens next."
,Recommended,237850,22131566,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Wolfie,"Holy crap, don't even know where to start! It is amazing!"
76561198096901355,Recommended,237850,20576180,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,pastor_janet,"I liked the game- but Chapter 4 was much shorter than expected, with very little actual 'play' involved and it was full of bugs and glitches that made it frustrating. It felt pretty pointless and disappointing, especially to have waited so long for it to come out.... and now who knows when the ""final"" chapter will come out. By the time ""4"" came out, the rest of the game was just a vague memory.I'd still recommend the whole game- if someone waits to get it until chapter 5 is out and all the bugs are fixed so it can be played straight through... It really isn't 5 games, nor does it feel like it. it is one game that is portioned out to make it feel like your getting a lot of games for the buck."
,Recommended,237850,12621048,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,gcamelopardalis,"Always the major draw of Longest Journey and it's sequels are the world building. Love love love this game already, can't wait for more :)"
76561198102115247,Recommended,237850,12629943,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,sergiuoxigen,Great game! Can't wait for the next Book.
76561197983687677,Recommended,237850,19565934,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gloánn,"Still have the boxed first game :) could not resist jumping on the follow up game, love it"
,Recommended,237850,19723556,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Noctis,"I like it a lot. The futuristic city is very immersive and the story is pretty interesting. As for the other story line set in like a skyrim type world, its okay, but I could probably do without it. Overall it s a pretty good game, but at time specifically with some quests or objectives, it lacks a bit of direction as to where you need to go or exactly what you should do. Which usually results in you running around for quite some time. And last, I have to say it. Whoever drew Zoe Castillo gave  her so much♥♥♥♥♥ It's like unbelievably fat. That may be part of the reason why I prefer the futuristic city storyline more. She is unbelievably hot. The accent gets a little old though."
76561198025469035,Recommended,237850,19429943,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lanbobyonson,"Let me start off by saying it's straight up unfair to review this as this game is not finished. I like how they release it in chapters but I would prefer if every chapter had a ""finish"" of sorts. Alas we can't get everything we want. I feel everyone who has reviewed the game based on it's story has given it an unfair review. It's like, if everyone reviewed The Longest Journey based on the first stretch or ""chapter"" of the game they would've said it was horrible. That duck on a fishing line puzzle was ridiculous.Ramble done.The choices that affect the story in Dreamfall Chapters are VERY interesting I've not had to think this hard about making one for awhile. Choosing lovers, choosing friends, dooming friends, betraying friends and killing enemies. One that sticks out to me is that you are given the option to kill a horrible person and I chose to whereas many people did not.The story is very well done. It doesn't impose it's ideas on you. It has no agenda. There is just some controversial characters in a general story with politics, drama, romance and action. As the chapters come player input is taken into account.It is the first game in a long while to give me the feeling of not knowing at all what to do. Which is one thing I remember fondly of the first game. But I enjoyed walking around the world figuring it out.Nearly every character is amazing. Shitbot is amazing.I'm excited for every new chapter and can't wait til the game is done.With the new upgrade a lot of the other concerns were fixed. I hope that all the mixed reviews don't put people off. I am enjoying this game more than even the first two. By the time this game is finished I know it will be a magnificent game."
,Recommended,237850,19468779,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,Great adventure game fantasy rich 4 books each longer than most telltale garbage games
,Recommended,237850,19451743,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CrayRaven,"I've been waiting for the sequel to Dreamfall for almost 10 years. Its been worth the wait. For those new to the series, I'd recommend playing The longest Journey and Dreamfall. Both stories are fantastic and will help you connect with whats going on in Dreamfall Chapters.The only thing I hope for is that there will be more stories after book 5. I really like enjoy the lore and characters of the series."
,Recommended,237850,19686621,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Atrox,"I played The Longest Journey and TLJ: Dreamfall and despite their faults I loved them. Though i only just completed chapter 4, so far I can say the same about Dreamfall Chapters. It is a beautiful and well written game that continues directly from where TLJ:Dreamfall left off.Characters will sometimes remember conversations and decisions you make will have consequences later on in the game, ranging from meaninful to hardly mattering at all (I still don't know what all the consequences might be yet). It's a nice touch no matter how much impact this has ultimately on the story as i find myself thinking more about who Zoe and Kian are and who I want them to become, or at least how they get there (which when your telling a story is more important)."
,Recommended,237850,19981339,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NegativeInteger,"While slow paced at times, the atmosphere is entrancing. Keeping true to the Longest Journey series, a rich and well developed story with a mysterious aura. The toughest part is waiting for the next chapter to arrive."
76561197992985917,Recommended,237850,19577072,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SmithDoc,"I've really enjoyed this game so far, having completed the four episodes currently released. While Dreamfall Chapters is very much a slow-boil of a story, I also enjoy the amount of time I got to spend in the locales, just soaking in the lushly designed ambience. This is a great looking game. That said, the story is perhaps a little out of balance, with the game and puzzle moments often feeling detached from the ongoing narrative. That said, once you get to the Third and Fourth episodes (Books), the pace really picks up, creating a feleing of greater eveness between game and story.The decision making moments are really the highlight of the game for me, though - there's a feel of ongoing consequence to the choices you make. Perhaps the story always ends up in a similar place, regardless, but the game does a much better job of integrating your choices into the ongoing narrative than something like The Walking Dead, where your decisions often feel peripheral and meaningless to the story. For anyone who likes a 'Choose Your Own Adventure' Dreamfall Chapters can't come more highly recommended.For non-adventure gamers I would recommend the game with a few caveats. Obviously it's a beautiful production, but the mechanics of the game offer little flexibility in terms of exploration. Yes, the worlds can be big, but there's ultimately little to do in them besides complete tasks associated with story progression."
,Recommended,237850,19769086,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Amy The Human,"I've played The Longest Journey, Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: Chapters 1-4 and I'm highly anticipating book 5.The story is rich and the characters well acted, well rounded and interesting.  If you haven't played The Longest Journey or Dreamfall: TLJ then I highly suggest you do.  These games are well deserved of their status.  The story is original and engrossing, and something I'd never seen before.  The first and second game are quite different in mechanics.  In the second you are able to fight and there are things you can't miss.  In the first pick up everything even if you've placed it somewhere, as you may need it in the future.Dreamfall Chapters is incredible.  The graphics are a wonderful improvement, the story is still amazing and the characters are what those who have played the first two games have come to love.  The worlds are in peril and I'm still not sure what role Zoe plays in everything but her story is intriguing.  While the first and the second didn't have much choice, the third takes your choices into account and molds the story in regards to your choices.I reccommend playing the first two before you embark on your journey into Dreamfall:Chapters. If you don't, you'll have a lot of questions and you'll be missing out on the wonders of Arcadia and Stark you've missed by opting out on TLJ and Dreamfall TLJ."
76561198195122471,Recommended,237850,19508177,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,amrmmaf,"Story rich and thoughts provoking ,relatable characters and good representation of emotions .Graphics are colorful ,engaging and it will to pull you in .Soundtrack is amazing! and the storytelling is on point."
76561198050456603,Recommended,237850,19766852,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Adorno,"(No spoilers)Narratively this is a real joy to play. There are not many games like this out there.One minute you're saving people from nightmares, the next you're arguing with your loved one about the dishes.The story is rich and complex.It was recently updated to the Unity 5 engine, and it looks beautiful.The developers have created excellent aesthetics that fit the stories well.An important thing to know is: it's a kind of interactive story, with puzzles,and choices - that actually matter in this game. So don't expect 'traditional' gameplay.Also, if you're stuck, try out every option possible, literally. Examine everything!A few points of criticism:- The solution to some puzzles require very specific ways to use the UI.(E.g. at one point I accidentally apprehended the wrong person because I didn't know what a symbol meant.)- The animations could be better. It's sad because everything else looks fine.- Quite a few objects could use proper collision meshes. It's a detail but walking through objects breaks immersion.(E.g. in the Pandemonium the robots on the wall have no collision at all.)All in all, one of my favourite games. Wholeheartedly recommended!"
76561198022798078,Recommended,237850,19488149,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Infinity,This is officaly my most cherrished game I have ever played. I Love it and finish it way too quickly then I should. This game has one amazing story that I have loved and continued to play for many years.
,Recommended,237850,26211882,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,cluthz,"!0/10!Very impressed with the game!The ending was an epic conclusion to a great triology of games!If you have played any of the other Longest Journey/Dreamfall games you NEED to play this.For newcommers to the series, you can play this game without prior knowledge and have a great time too!It's not the typical episodic game following the telltale formula. The episodes are much longer and does not have timed dialogue and button-mashing quick time events."
,Recommended,237850,22279785,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,juanita,this game trilogy is the greatest that I've ever played. I'm not kidding; it incorporates so many important aspects of an amazing plot while adding in tons of diversity and sending such a positive message surrounding elements of society. I love the gameplay and the graphics are wonderful. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198052329911,Recommended,237850,27100465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Katja Katastrof,"Love it, the moves you make does really change the game, and make it interesting!"
76561198140099698,Recommended,237850,33298026,Posted: 5 July,all,alenna,Absolutely amazing.
76561198000066346,Recommended,237850,26723051,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Serra,"one of the best games I have ever played. The story is great and involving, also the soundtrack is awesome. Still, probably you won't understand fully the game story if you have not played the other two games. 10/10"
,Recommended,237850,34956611,Posted: 14 September,all,rasika.oc,I absolutely loved playing this series.. logged in more than 20 hrs of gametime.. but never once felt the game slow or boring.. Sure there's more story than action.. but hey the story kept me hooked for 20 hrs..!!
,Recommended,237850,19628075,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Crushgate,BEST GAME EVER :D
76561197969663225,Recommended,237850,31861222,Posted: 20 May,all,IFeelAlive,"Such an emotional game, well written and real. Story telling at its finest and it sucks you into a world of adventure mystery and intruige.Satifisying end to the Dreamfall story left me wanting more the sign of a good game and story"
,Recommended,237850,13151280,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Proletar666,"If i ever marry a girl and we adopt a child, it will be a bot."
,Recommended,237850,12602800,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,birdoxer,"Great first instalment of this long-anticipated sequel. Some framerate issues, some issues with game crashing, but overall: I loved it. A little short and too easy, but very promising for what's to come."
,Recommended,237850,16563981,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DCDarkling,"What is Dreamfall ChaptersIt is a successor to a series I never played, but the previous games are on steam for the interested people.""Dreamfall Chapters"" is a game which heavily features lore & choice rather then (fps) action.You do not get to fight or sprint around like mad.Instead you walk/run around, talking a lot to people, looking at the world & try to solve puzzles as 'a normal person' would. Conversation choices & actions featureheavilyin this.Lore & discussionsThe game in essence tells a story and you get to make various choices during the game on how it progresses. These can be small or big choices like lying to someone, or reacting to situations in certain ways.If you like lore, choices and a lot of ingame discussions this is the game for you. If you like mindless action, you might as well stop reading here.Another big point is simply this.. female protagonist.Most games either have a male protagonist or, incase of a female one, sexualise her.As roughly half the gamers out there are female, its nice to see more games which also include a female protagonist.Note that NOT all chapters of the game are released YET. (again, indie company.)While some question this choice it means they already get a income in sales on the chapters which are released, to keep making the new chapters.This makes sure the chapters we already have are NOT RUSHED.Not rushing a game release is rare in these days.Graphics & looksWhile not, per se, up to par with triple A games, the graphics do look rather stunning. The occasional glitch can occur, but ive seen those in games of any 'quality'.Considering even that this game is made by a small indie developer who even had to kickstart it, I would say we very much get more than expected.The game has its own style, which works well for the story in question.The main 2 characters tend to change looks and clothes depending on situation (and chapter), further adding to some realism.I personally did not experience any fps issues. (but of course your mileage may vary)ACTUALLY with further testing it seems on my i7 970 + GTX 770, my fps on the 'awesome' setting is averaging around 30-45. I just do not notice due to gsync)SoundThe game has good music, nice voiceacting and plenty of ambient sounds to make you feel at home, or better said in the world.It is at times however hard to hear voice from music and ambient. Some tweaking in your settings may help against this.I left subtitles on to make sure I did not miss any words in sentences, as the default config can make that happen. Other noises then the voices talking can drown out the convo at times.So some minor tweaks needed on what is otherwise good music and sound. (on a 2.0 speaker & headset setup. I did not test more speakers)ControlsControls are fine and work well for the game IF you account for one big thing.For MANY functions its NOT HOLD KEY but CLICK KEY. There, if you are used to games where you hold keys I just saved you a headache.While functions like movement and running require you to HOLD they key, function like using and opening the RADIAL MENU requires you to CLICK and not hold.If you hold the (mouse)key the radial menu will open and do... nothing. You are supposed to click it open and then click on the option you want to perform.This method of control is absolutely no problem in playing the game as long as you know that its click.Conclusion & TLDRThe game is heavily based on lore, discussions and choice. If this is your thing YAY, if not, NAY.Graphic-wise great game, especially considering its from a indie company. Great however is not perfect. (Is any game ever)Nice music & voiceacting & ambience. But the volume mixture between voices & other sounds needs to be manually adjusted.If you hold the radial menu rather then click it, you are gona have a hard day. Click for the menu's.Female protagonist.Game is released in chapters and not all chapters are YET released. This increases budget for them to keep working on chapters while NOT rushing them. (aka we will not get junk.)"
,Recommended,237850,15915402,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,tears of gaia,"I got into this game because I was looking for titles with strong female lead characters. So, being someone who has not played the previous titles of the series I quickly found myself surrounded by references and lore I would have to look up. I was afraid it could scare me off. The fact that it didn't shows the true splendor of this game. It got me invested in its story lines, invited me to immerse more and more and make decisions without knowing what the possible consequences would be.The First Book was a bit of a let-down considering the mechanics and especially the adventure parts where you'd have to combine x and y in the only way possible to solve a puzzle. But so far Book Two made up for it.Can't wait to see more of this, so far I'm really loving it. Check out my Let's Play of it here to clear up remaining doubts:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeyGZaLDJww&list=PL5UzkmY_THK7YwDFOp3gxVsIfFhmVVEQX"
76561198001400367,Recommended,237850,16913537,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Killersmurf,"I bought this game on sale and wish I bought it sooner. So far the best purely story driven game I've played. If you enjoyed any of the telltale games or perhaps life is strange, you need to get this game."
,Recommended,237850,16764287,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dest,"Let's get this out of the way, you won't be satisfied with what this game has to offer if you're looking for some hardcore puzzles and amazing gameplay, but what it offers has heart.I personally enjoy going through this game so far and I would wholeheartedly recommend it, however it is far from perfect.The characters actually have character and are memorable, the story and script is fun and interesting, especially if you've played or at least have knowledge about the previous games in the series. There are some technical issues once in a while such as playable character disappearing if you skip dialogues too fast, or wonky camera in some parts, and the puzzles may be too simple for those looking for a real brain-twister, but I do find that most of them ""make sense"" for the presented situations you're supposed to solve, and I personally prefer my puzzle being accessible than having to look up a guide for it after 3 hours of trial and error."
,Recommended,237850,17527159,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Telsa,"An incredible addition to a wonderful series. Dreamfall Chapters focuses on two main characters, Zoe and Kian, and you as the player, are lucky enough to grow closer to them. The game itself feels almost like a movie, the story is rich in carefully woven content. Overall, a very unique and original feel.If you haven't played the previous games (The Longest Journey, Dreamfall), I strongly recommend doing so. Dreamfall Chapters is a continuation of the two before it - both excellent as well.So give it a try, indulge yourself, and I promise you'll be left feeling at the very least, inspired."
,Recommended,237850,25446530,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,APA.minds,Loved the longest Journey and now dreamfall chapters - One of my favourate game - Please Devs dont stop making more in this series.
76561198042558697,Not Recommended,237850,23655827,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,CongenialVirus,"This game. I had high hopes and expectations for. There were some serious red flags early in the game's release. Incredibly long times between book releases. Atrociously bad optimization and graphics even on the highest settings. The writing is good in some spots but overall ham-fisted. The writers insert an agenda into the story, quite alarmingly. In book 3 a character is given a choice that if they refuse makes them gay. I don't take issue with gay characters. But the way this was done, and the irrelevance to the character's CHARACTER. Is ham-fisted and ideologically motivated. There was a thread where the devs told those concerned that this perception of ""now your character is gay"" was dissuaded. But in the most recent release [book 5]. It turns out the devs straight up lied. This is the most damning part of this game. I supported the kickstarter. Because I really liked TLJ and TLJ; Dreamfalls. I expected so much more than what this game delivered.I can not in good faith recommend this game to anyone. Due to a lack of content, poor optimizations, and developers who will insert their ideology into a game. And then lie to the consumers about it. It's ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting, and if I could get my money back I most certainly would.On the plus side, if you're social justice minded and want to support devs who force a character to be gay. This game is for you. Because refusing to kiss strange women who literally pop out from the shadows and seem sketchy as ♥♥♥♥. MAKES A MAN GAY."
76561198093162525,Recommended,237850,23787577,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,喵喵ニャン,"A farewell but also a welcome.The story ends here and starts here.After all these years, finally the jorney ends. Everyone has gone to his or her place. Outside the game, however, our jorneys still go on. Our stories has not yet come to an end.Some people came, some people left, some people stay.Nearly 17 years, The Longest Jorney kept company with us. This is the best fairy tale I've been told ever.In the end, when April open the door of The House of All Worlds, I almost cried out.Thank you for the great arts you brought to us. Thank you, Funcom and Red Thread Games."
76561198153579511,Recommended,237850,23792310,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,killthecookie,"Beautiful, wonderful, a fitting end to The Longest Journeyloved it"
,Recommended,237850,24418405,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,gam es gud fer fun
,Not Recommended,237850,23730344,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Shirish,"TL;DR : The story of Dreamfall: The Longest Journey and Dreamfall Chapters, while set in the same universe as The Longest Journey and with common characters, feels very unrelated to the story of TLJ. If you liked the second game's story and are okay with the first game being left as a side-show, then you'll probably love Dreamfall Chapters. If not, you'll likely be left with a bitter taste in the mouth.-------------------------------------Like most of the people who purchased this game, I absolutely love The Longest Journey and can sing its praises all day. The main reason why I didn't like Dreamfall Chapters is that it overcomplicates the storyline of the first two games, and in the process, does not properly close out the entire saga.One of the great things about The Longest Journey was that the protagonist, April Ryan, was very much likeable. Her adventures and the settings/locations of her adventures inspired a sense of wonder (remember seeing Marcuria for the first time?). The second game, Dreamfall, continued along the same lines but the focus of the story started shifting from maintaining a balance between the two worlds to dreaming/undreaming, etc.And now for Dreamfall Chapters: the storyline is carried in such a different direction that it seems almost completely unrelated to the first game. It's as if they forgot about The Longest Journey and only provided a continuation of Dreamfall (the second game).None of the characters, including April Ryan, are given a proper or satisfactory closure.This includes Abnaxus, the Draic Kin, etc. There is almost no mention of what the hell happened to any of those characters after the end of the first game. I won't say any more about this because I don't want to spoil anything, but out of the 25 hours that I played, not more than 20 or 30 minutes were dedicated to the original TLJ characters except Crow. The mess-up with the story could've been offset if there were good puzzles, but aside from a couple of tricky ones in the first 3 chapters, the rest are absolute no-brainers. Book 5 has no puzzles at all- it's more or less an interactive movie where you click on dialog choices or search for stuff.To sum up, if you didn't like or care about the first game but liked the Dreamfall storyline, it's worth playing. But if you want a proper closure to The Longest Journey saga that started in 1999, you will most definitely be disappointed. For me, it begins with and ends at the first game itself."
76561197996899739,Recommended,237850,23859925,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sharlatan,"The game is definately worth a buy, though you might first want to play prequels or at least read about the or watch them played by someone else. But the final, maybe a bit crumpled by itself, has a strong and touching (especially regarding Crow) ending. So, in the end, i would give a game 8,5 out of 10"
,Recommended,237850,23887169,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dyufozeon,"This game is quite a wild ride, and I cannot recommend it enough! One of the finer adventure games out there for sure."
76561197995934938,Recommended,237850,24343188,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ZappyPayload,Beautiful and touching from start to finish.
,Recommended,237850,26121541,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Megadeus 17,"Good:Characters 10/10. Design, voice acting, personality depth - great work!Story 8/10. Good, with many interesting twists... but not quite up to original TLJ level (well, maybe its just nostalgia).Neutral:Gameplay 7/10. Your typical quest, sometime fun, sometime tedious.Bad:Optimization 3/10  - Sometimes FPS drops below comfortable level even on new hardware. For this level of graphics it's intolerable. Wither 3 runs much faster on ULTRA with better graphics.Summary:If you played and liked The Longest Journey and original Dreamfall, i recommend this game as well. For those  who dint play previous games i'd recommend to play them before this one."
,Not Recommended,237850,24780753,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Coulis,"The Longest Journey is probably one of the best Point & Click adventure games ever made, allying great character development, astounding world-building and a sensational feeling of being in a fairytale. Dreamfall clumsily tried to implement fighting sequences and at the same time expand the scale of the first game with three playable characters instead of a single one.I appreciated the developer’s effort and like many was left thunderstruck by the final cliffhanger and so like every worldwide fan of the series, I was happy to pay for the kickstarted episodic sequel: Dreamfall Chapters.After finishing the final chapter of the game, I feel conflicted. On one hand, I really wanted to love DC as I am already in love with the setting and the characters. On the other hand, the game is just not very... fun to play and lost what made the prequels so interesting in the first place.Gameplay-wise, the game has ""lite-adventure"" mechanics à la Telltale Games: minimal inventory, minimal interactions and rich dialogue paths replaced by ""important"" decisions affecting the next chapters. The first two chapters' pace is dreadful and a map button to navigate is nowhere to be seen! The in-game maps are kinda terrible too. The third character's segments consist of hidden objects searches, which is quite frankly boring. Characters' inner monologues are usually funny and a nice touch but that's about it. I never feel challenged or interested in the gameplay and ended focusing only on the story itself.Story starts as intriguing asking many essential questions about the setting and the relationship between Arcadia & Stark. Unfortunately, as it unfolds it drops the ball. Instead of antagonists, we get cardboard like cliches and the crux of the plot turns into a generic mambo-jumbo of cosmic balance. Main characters personalities seems to change from episode to episode (and not by the player's own twisted hand). The new playable character felt like a cheap addition too. One might say that it kinda IS her point but it felt too disjointed from Kian's and Zoe's driving goals and ends up a cheap Deus Ex Machina.Not everything is bad obviously, far from it. Developers tried to do their best with the tight budget and offer a great art direction, excellent voice-acting and neat music. Some set pieces are great and I finally got the closure I wanted. The epilogue is a nice touch all in all. I shed my little tear.All in all, I feel like the episodic structure and the presence of three playable characters just kill the game. You don't have time to grow attached, you don't have time to care as you go from obvious story twists to dramatic cutscenes and other expository dumps. The scale was too big for embracing the Telltale structure, which is more akin to pulp literature and comics than lengthy enthralling fairy-tales/coming-of-age stories like TLJ/Dreamfall.In France, we have a saying ""Whatever the flask, provided that one gets the drunkenness"". I got my drunkenness alright but it was a cheap vodka-orange in a plastic cup."
,Recommended,237850,24946916,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sweet_B,"This is a continuation of the adventures of The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: The Longest Journey. This game does live up to the previous two in being story rich and submersive. You can't help but submerse yourself into the story and feel for each of the charaters. The choices do not have major impact in some aspects, but do in others. Ultimately the story end is pretty much the same. Speaking of the end, it was definitely unexpected, a bit far out, however I will  continue to follow this series in hopes of getting more of my questions answered! If there is no other game, I will live because this was an amazing 'end' to a beautifully woven story that I have fallen in love with over the years."
76561198269519525,Recommended,237850,25836316,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AlyaBT,"*sigh* i really needed this, no idea if it will help or not, but i needed it, this whole theme of remembering and reconnecting with a more lively version of oneself, of purposes and idle lifestyle, and again of remembering..Dreamfall Chapters is an intimate game, it felt personal at times, like it was made for you by a knowing friend, that at least how it felt to melike the previous title the music is exceptional and saga was awesome :(this game really got to me"
,Recommended,237850,25960153,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,lamentations of the women,"If you have been following the story since Longest Journey, Dreamfall Chapters is a must play to close off the trilogy.However the game itself is at times unwieldy, buggy and tedious."
76561198022793090,Not Recommended,237850,23952080,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wyrwiczerep,"It starts like The Longest Journey with mildly eccentric, charming, point-and-click style puzzles and a bunch of witty comments about random things surrounding our protagonist, but gradually turns into Dreamfall, where 90% of dialogues are exposition, puzzles are absent and the player has to run from point A to a character in point B who tells him that character in point C has an item that given to a character in point D advances the plot.The first and a half episode is quite well made, having a little bit of the magical atmosphere of the first game. Unfortunately the plot kicks in, and it turns out to be the same one as in Dreamfall. WATI wants to build a bio-engineered device that shapes reality with dreams only this time not to sell it to millions and brainwash them, but... to conquer the world (and reshape it a bit). On the other side Azadi are doing the same thing but with steampunky thingies. It's basically Dreamfall only this time without a cliffhanger (yet, if you played TLJ, you already know the ending anyway).I was disappointed about what Dreamfall did with ""heritage"" of TLJ, but it had some really well made elements, one of them being the, as I call it, ""Azadi dychotomy"" (ok, a little far-fetched name, but you get the point). Azadi freed Marcuria from Tyrens who were bloodthirsty, barbaric, murderous invaders, but afterwards started an occupation of their own. They imposed their religion on Marcurians, built a ghetto for magicals, but on the other hand saved the land, brought technology and advanced civilization, gave home and a warm meal to many. They discriminated magicals, but they didn't close them in labour camps or exterminate them. It was a really nice conflict of views best shown in a memorable talk between Kian and April. In Dreamfall Chapters however (a little spoiler) the Azadi are steampunk nazis, who start a genocide and want to rule the world as one pure race. There goes the subtlety...There is some good stuff in Dreamfall Chapters (the second Saga interlude, Kian's first mission, Enu!), but there is a lot more bad. Hours of aimless wandering around Europolis, tons of exposition that is not only heavy-handed, but is a repetition of exposition form previous game, really (really, really) bad optimization and lags, maximally simplified plot and characters towards the end. Even Crow is not that clever and funny anymore (ok, now I'm just being grumpy).In the end, the TLJ trilogy is like the Matrix trilogy. The first movie was great, but... No, wait. It's more like like Star Wars prequels. You are happy about a new adventure set in your favourite universe, but when you finally get there to experience it... (""Walking and talking, sitting and talking, sitting on a couch and talking"").If you played first two games, I would recommend to buy this one during a sale for a low price just to get (mostly) disappointed by yourself and reassure yourself that the only good game set in this universe is the original The Longest Journey. Playing it's sequels only makes one appreciate it more and more."
76561197968601905,Recommended,237850,24564699,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chris R,"This game is the last in a phenomenal series. The graphics are amazing. The storyline is great and all the characters are very likeable and plausible.I highly recommend any of the games in this series for anybody who likes point-and-click adventure games,"
,Recommended,237850,23998545,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Apu Nahasapeemapetilon,"Old graphics, poor animation, bad optimization.Still solid story and well-written characters makes this dream vivid.Oh, and ""Puss on♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; for sure!"
76561198117114255,Recommended,237850,26134525,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,vicstorm,"Well, it was a nice story were decisions had a noticeable impact on the story. The facial expressions are a bit clunky but the voice acting is ok."
,Not Recommended,237850,26309490,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,goc9000,"Alas, all the polish and work that went into the game is for naught as it is still a disappointment both by modern standards as well as in comparison with the original The Longest Journey.One of the biggest problems is that the political aspects are far too strident in this installment. While in earlier games you could see signs of the writers' political bent, it was still subtle enough, and integrated into the plot in such a manner that it was possible for people of nearly all political beliefs to enjoy the game to the full. With Chapters, it's difficult not to imagine the writing team as consisting exclusively of radical leftist progressives with neither the ability nor the desire to portray their opponents' arguments in a fair light. In both Stark and Arcadia, you are continually bombarded with messages that mirror modern-day political arguments on Twitter (as well as obvious references to Trump and Farage, comparing them - of course - to Hitler). The game doesn't *let* you be political neutral, it doesn't *let* you escape the mire of politics, which you would think is one of the reasons you are playing a game in the first place. As a conservative, these aspects significantly broke immersion for me, and made it difficult to get through the game.The second major problem is that the ratio of gameplay vs. movie content is quite poor. Of the 20-ish hours you will spend watching the plot unfold, you will actually not do that much puzzling, acting and deciding. Most of the time you will either be watching cutscenes, or roam through an expansive landscape on your way to the next fetch quest. It's boring. Even the tasks themselves are boring. You spend a good chunk (time-wise) of the introductory part in Stark going to a job and to therapy. Why would I want to do that in a game? I get enough of this sort of ""adventure"" in real life.There are other secondary problems with the gameplay and characters that add up to a disappointing experience overall. It's not a completely terrible game, but it certainly isn't worth the price tag and it does not live up to the legacy of the now 17-year-old original."
,Recommended,237850,26517816,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CorgiNiGgz20,Really amazing game. Finished once and would love to replay it once again just to remember the feels i had while playing it!
76561198142459706,Recommended,237850,26598512,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,keremcantarhan,"It's so hard to know where to start about a game that spanned 17 years and countless characters, every one of them memorable. I played The Longest Journey when I was a child and I remember sinking 30 to 40 hours into it and when it was finally over I did nothing but think about the game and the story for more than a week. Very few games can do that.Dreamfall brought more questions than answers and although it had a lot of lackluster mechanics it was an amazing game. I waited for years for the story to end and now when it finally did, I feel both elated and sad. Although I would love to see a fourt game I don't think it will happen and all the major plot points were explained and the stories of all the major characters were brought to an end. But make no mistake, countless questions keep swirling both in my mind in discussion forums but it's unreasonable for any game to explain every question when it has a story that spanned 3 games and 17 years. The ending doesn't explain everything, it's bittersweet and it leaves you wanting for more but it's also satisfying. There enough closure and a whole lot of melancholy and reminiscence.Years from now, I will look back and between the hundreds -maybe thosands- of games TLJ saga will shine like a beacon along with a few other brilliant titles amonst a sea of decent games. That's when you know you've witnessed a timeless piece of art."
,Recommended,237850,12643503,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,e.snake,"This game is definitely a must for anyone whom played the previous games: The longest Journey & Dreamfall.I'm also glad to see them both on the steam, so new playrs can also start the whole story from the begining.I remeber the first time I've played TLJ was when the Dreamfall came out so I decided to start from the begining, you'll lose a lot of sense by just jumping into the new story before you've known the previous.The quality of the game is also aceptable and the gameplay is very smooth.On the other hand, the short play time (only book one) is a downside that I hope the creators make up for it in the incoming chapters."
,Recommended,237850,12643270,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mshk,The best plot ever. Happy to have it back!
,Recommended,237850,13415742,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,SayDiscordia,Good comeback. You'll get a lot of unforgettable experience so don't waste ur chance 2 try it.
76561197995418755,Recommended,237850,12685105,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Vlad Of Wallachia,"Being a fan of the game series, I liked Book 1. It's not groundbreaking when it comes to gameplay and graphics (although the aesthetics are great), but the characters and dialogue and its delivery are way better than in the last game. I'm looking forward to the next books.And by the way, I wrote a review of the game.http://in2gpu.com/2014/10/22/dreamfall-chapters-book-1-review/Enjoy!"
76561198022927076,Recommended,237850,12866207,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MarySilver,"I don´t know how to put my first impressions except: I want Book Two released right now!I still remember coming across the Longest Journey as a demo version on a CD of a gaming magazine. It took my heart right away and so I of course had to get the game. The characters, the idea of two parallel worlds being connected by dreams and the whole story swallowed me completely. And, of course, when Dreamfall - The Longest Journey was released, I needed to know, how the story went on and was hoping all my questions would be answerde. Well, a lot were but the most important ones, that keep the whole world together, were still left open, though loads of hints were given. Well and now, there is the third part Dreamfall Chapters. I just played through Book One and am flashed. It starts of as intriguing as Dreamfall - The Longest Journey ended. The gameplay is pretty intuitive, not much of a tutorial needed, everything just flows. Yes, there are still some graphic bugs but honestly, I so don´t care. I got so wrapped up into the story, that I mainly just got glimpses of the bugs I read later about. They don´t have any effect on the story itself. So, well, here I am, left with a lot of ideas and hints (and still missing Crow, though I am kind of wondering why the maps are all shown by ""Crowboy"" - reminds me of The Longest Journey and April meeting Crow the first time) and just can´t wait for the rest of the episodes to be released. Though I fear a bit, that a great and awesome story will come to an end at the end of this journey I am still looking forward to it.What I also love very much is making choices having an effect on the story, relationships and so on. I am really curious for the outcomes of my decisions. And, if I don´t like them, I will replay the game and re-live the story for a different turn.For anyone knowing the other two games a must have. For any other interested in a new innovative story, also a must have (though a bit lore research would be needed)."
,Recommended,237850,12982729,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,~Sliggy Diggy~,"Having played and very much enjoyed the two prequels, I knew what I was hoping for but wasn't sure what to expect with this one, however I'm happy to say that I was not disappointed, in fact I was pleasantly surprised by how true it stayed to the others. Much like its predecessors, Chapters is dialogue and plot heavy, focusing on building a unique, believable fantasy atmosphere that really immerses you in its universe and characters. In addition, certain parts of the game were surprisingly open, allowing you to explore at your leisure should you so choose. It also appears to implement something new, different choices that the player can make when prompted which will have consequences later on as the game progresses, which remains to be seen. I only discovered one glitch, a couple of small, hard to find spots in a level that I clipped through completely by accident, and was afterwards able to run around in regions of the level where you're definitely not meant to be. The graphics are nothing short of amazing and subsequently might require a bit of a beefy computer to handle, and luckily I was able to get the full benefit of them with smooth performance. While the previous games will definitely help explain a lot of the events in this one, much of it is explained in this game alone, but I definitely recommend the trilogy as a whole."
76561198021093114,Recommended,237850,19570668,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Alucard,Crow how I miss you. Best sidekick.
,Recommended,237850,20522740,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,COCK,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥but i enjoy it very much
76561198117754499,Not Recommended,237850,12741546,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Masquerade,"Let us be honest: This game is nothing like the first Longest Journey, it has optimization problems (yep!), puzzles; well there aint any puzzles actually just some minor distractions that kinda easy to handle, a well designed big city but not much to interact with. Even with my lingering, wandering around aimlessly its finished at 3.5 hours. Now you hate this game arent you well dont because this game is awesome.The most important thing for me in the game is atmosphere; city is awesome its dark, there are junkies around, there are machines looks like eating human soul, leadership is about the turn dictatorship, local mobs, black markets and then suddenly you can hear a middle eastern melody when walking next to a carpet seller! next to human organs; this is awesome; city is magnificent, its big well designed you feel inspiration and joy also under the constant pressure of danger same time, its hard to give this feeling.There is one or two bad voice actors actually they look like they kinda make it lame because they are lazy but othre then these guys rest of the cast is perfect, characters are well designed and interesting (even they dont speak a word- serious) game also is for matures and reminding this to you a lot also another good thing.Buy this game people or at least try it once, it has tweaks, it should be longer, more things to intereact with, more dialogs and some puzzles -seriously this  is the sequal of an adventure game-.Note: Zoe is the closest character that has been created in a game like a real woman so far. Ragnar you impressed meEdit After Book Three there are spoilers here though minorDont buy this game, The only good thing this game done proper was storytelling and they just screved it up by forcing your protagonist to be gay. Tough Warrior, resistance leader and one of two main figures Kian is gay and you dont have any choice on this matter."
76561198025437562,Recommended,237850,29558852,Posted: 29 January,all,elegal,"Well, starting with conclusion and keeping it short. Game is worth playing but not as good as I hoped.I was hoping that decisions which you made along your journey would have greater impact on world and especially in the end. I mean, there are consequenses, but in the end they don't matter that much as far as I can see. Also second playthrough was annoying because there is lots of dialog which is exactly same than first time and there is no way to skip all of them. Yes, you can skip it sometimes, sometimes you cannot. Why? Just stupid, or am I impatient. Choices which I did along the second time was quite opposite compared to first time, impact for an end wasn't even nearly as big as I hoped. Yes, there was some big changes along the way, but as I said, in the end it just feels like they didnt matter.Also I don't like what they did for personalities of some main character's, too many cliche's on the way. Story also contains some massive holes in it. Character just appears somewhere, no explanation where and why and so on. Just stupid and annoying. :(Still recommending the game, its not perfect but not that bad either. Give it a try and see if you like it more than me. ;)3/5"
,Recommended,237850,17732417,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,cahlisi,LOVE Dreamfall. It is one of the best games I have ever played. I love the storyline and characters.
76561198102752222,Not Recommended,237850,23719908,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,emreza,The original longest Journey was a masterpiece but this game was so disappointing.
76561198023452696,Not Recommended,237850,23842175,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nikole,"If you actually like playing your games, this is not the game for you. It starts out decent but with every book you do less and less as a player. Your main job it to move Zoe or Kian to their next conversation. By book 5 it practically felt like watching a movie. Occassionally turning a page when it was time to move.What is left of the puzzles are also very simple. If you're not being told exactly what to do, it basically boils down to just needing to find the 1 or 2 things in the environment that you can actually interactive with. A very far cry from The Longest Journey. I'm not saying Chapters needed another rubber ducky/subway/electic box key puzzle but a middle ground would have been nice. And they actually removed a couple of the more challenging puzzles that were in the very beginning of book 1. Instead now of learning how to control Zoe's abilities and help people, you simply walk down a path and they literally solve themselves.This game was released in episodes and it took well over a year for the full game to be created and released. Then the very week after it's fully released, it hits the summer sale at $10. Seems a pretty big middle finger to anyone who bought this game before book 5 and has been waiting this entire time. Certainly taught me to pay more attention to descriptions and never purchase a game still under construction.The only reason I have so many play hours because of how long it took this game to become fully available. By the time I finished book 3 I realized how long it was really taking. So I dropped the game until book 5 was available and started over from the beginning. Since there was enough time to forget practically everything. But then I started finding it boring and would alt-tab out for other things while the game clock kept ticking. I probably only completed it for stubbornness. I waited this long to see the end, they already had my money, I was going to finish. And now I can uninstall it."
76561198128803497,Not Recommended,237850,23811152,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dydska7399,"I don't recommand this game. I'm in chapter four and I was forcing myself to finish previous story and now, I am tired to trying out next chapter. I know there are many good reviews but com'on... you can't sell it as game because you can move around. all you do is just walking around and click and click, try to fine where develper hide objects. I mean it shouldnt take hours to find one object and solve the problem. unfriendly user interface, no storyline, and why the hell walking and running speed is so slow? and why do I have to fine the map to see where I'm going. can't you just add into the userinterface?you have nothing to do while you are running around. you can't jump, you have nothing to collect, you can't fight, you have to listen all conversations to understand what you need or have to do even though you don't want to.don't get me wrong. I love story driven game. It just not an enjoyable story driven game.if you are considering to buy this game. please don't wast your time and money, just go youtube and watch other people playing.  trust me it is not worth a money."
76561197970705356,Recommended,237850,33730610,Posted: 22 July,all,TheMadRabbit,"If you are a fan of the series, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,237850,16759751,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ravenvelith,"I love this whole series, and I find the Chapters installment to be quite engaging. It makes you think and care about the characters you're interacting with, and it makes you question whether or not you made the right choices. I seriously recommend the entire The Longest Journey series, and especially Chapters. But don't try to play Chapters without the first two. You won't really get it."
76561198035377416,Recommended,237850,16692414,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sun1313,I love this game I dont want it to end!
,Recommended,237850,16750997,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Shadowboxer,"I like this game, and its pretty good for the story.But its really hard finding things, or finding puzzles when the game doesn't tell you much. I had no idea I had to like get a robot to block a cop's view from seeing me without just looking it up on google. XD It's an interesting story, and you get to pick and choose what you want your character's to do. The chapters are all pretty long and worth it. You can play this game before playing the others or do what I did. Play this game in for 4 chapters and then play and finish number two  and only play about 3 mins of one. It makes your love for the game even stronger. Thanks for creating this game"
,Recommended,237850,16788712,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Louise,"I admit I'm a huge fan of the previous two games, but even discarding that, the plot, music, and voice acting are absolutely engrossing in this game. Throw away the usual two dimensional decisions you usually get presented with in this style of game; you'll make decisions that although you know are right will cause a lot of problems down the line and have repercussions you can't imagine.The worst thing I can bring up is that I'll never be able to say ""welding"" without splitting the syllables ""I like Wel-ding!"". It'll make sense when you get there, honest!Give it a go, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,237850,21618704,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,icespark1298,"As with most games, when I saw dreamfall, I was a little wary. It isn't cheap but I decided to give it a chanse, mostly because I had watched the youtuber Cryaotic play the prequel, and because I am Norwegian... I was amazed. I have always loved a good story and this game sucked me right in. I sat for a long time, even with the easiest of decisions and wondered what impact it could have on the rest of the game.The way Zoe and Kian moved compared to the enviroment was a little off from time to time, and I did get stuck alot since the game wants you to do one specific thing and you have no idea how, it can be a little annoying. But the rest weights up for this. The amazing story, which I can't wait to see the end of, well develouped characters with personality and independence unlike in any other game, and even easy decicions become hard. I'll say it is well worth it.Great job Red thread!"
76561198177878899,Recommended,237850,26816026,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Luna_lily22,the game lags horribly.but even with the latest computer i still have this problem. I've also had the same thing on the remember me game. i don't know what's going on or how to fix it.
,Recommended,237850,31432399,Posted: 28 April,all,Shant_X,"Well, Dreamfall Series has been awesome from the first dreamfall game released and it made us wait for more and more.People will recommend that you should play the first dreamfalls game and then this one to know the story and characters better and i'll say so that this is a good idea but if u don't have much time and don't want to spend your money then just play this one.You'll understand the story and characters even without knowing the previous games....From my side it's highly recommended if you like telltale games(which i love :))."
76561198149193947,Recommended,237850,14527004,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Taeyeon <3,.
76561198170959381,Recommended,237850,21927660,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,silje_Gh,Love it!
76561198182755989,Recommended,237850,16361609,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,corrie.tuck,OMG this game is amazing. I think I have played it at least 3 times and somehow it never gets boring. Definetly reccomend it.
76561198010093970,Recommended,237850,16370707,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Versatile Horse,"Dreamfall Chapters, simply put, is the BEST episodic game I've played. Lush, wonderful story and characters, lengthy and meaty episodes, and rewarding and fullfilling. Dreamfall Chapters presents worlds you will want to explore long after the game is finished. As a plus, the developers are actually open about release date timings for future episodes. If you were a fan of Dreamfall or The Longest Journey, you are in familiar territory in Chapters. My personal favorite game so far this year."
,Recommended,237850,16722367,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Samick,"Playing book 3 I have to say: I LOVE THIS GAME !!!More and more reference to the first two games, TLJ and Dreamfall. More and more old friend.And we learn more and more about this amazing, deep, emotional story.TLJ - Dreamfall - DC is one of the best trilogy in adventure game history!!!( I hope it will be a quadrology with LJ Home )"
,Not Recommended,237850,30103434,Posted: 22 February,all,Rude Dude,RuinedRegretRueRefundLament
,Recommended,237850,16090917,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Elysium,"Like previous games in the series, Chapters has a compelling story, diverse and intriguing characters.. Beautiful environments.I strongly recommend this entire series to anyone who's ever been lost in their life, as it deals a lot with perspective and how you choose to view the world around you."
,Recommended,237850,16087959,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sidea,"I have waited years and years for this game. I am a huge fan of the Longest Journey and Dreamfall. They both hold special places in my heart, and I fell in love with April Ryan, Crow, Zoe, and even Kian. The story that is told between both games, even though Dreamfall is not exactly a sequel, is my favorite story I've ever played through in any game. And I've played a lot of games. Yes, I was highly anticipating Dreamfall Chapters.So far only two books have been released, but I'm totally enchanted. The problem is, my enchantment gets suspended for a little too long between books. If you're an impatient fan like me, you should buy the season pass and play as each book gets released. If you're patient, I highly recommend waiting to play the game until it's complete. The time between books really ruins the flow, as both books have ended on cliff hangers that leave you craving more... and then so much time passes that you start to forget about the sense of urgency that you were left with.The story:10/10! It starts out very slow. If you played Dreamfall, this won't be a problem because you'll understand the bigger picture and know why the slow parts of the story are important. If you haven't played Dreamfall, you might think the story is too thin and confusing for a while. So go play Dreamfall first. Dreamfall Chapters is wonderful, because it picks up right where Dreamfall left of: with Zoe's coma. We get to know a lot more about Zoe in the first book. In the second book, we get to know a lot more about the world she's living in in Stark - it's complicated, detailed, and intriguing. We also spend a lot of time with Kian in Arcadia, which is turning into less of a fairy tale place as the story progresses. The story with Arcadia is big, haunting, rich, and still building. I really want to know more!The gameplay:WAY better than in Dreamfall. So far there's no combat, just puzzles and progressing the rich story. It's smooth.The graphics:The game looks great. It may not blow you away with incredible detail that requires two video cards and an overclocked i7 CPU, but it looks very good on any decent middle power computerr. It's clean, has a beautiful artistic style, and you will get sucked into the story because of both the graphics and the great story telling.The puzzles:Overall they're good. There's a couple that felt weak, tedious, or just too long. I've not disliked any of them yet. The game is mostly story so far, but the puzzles blend right into the story and progress it well.The Choice and Consequence system:It's haunting. Did I choose the right choices!? When you get hit with needing to make a choice, you'll find that it's actually really hard. You really have to think through what kind of story experience you want. Should you let that character die for the sins he or she did, or do you think it's worth saving the character because that character might be useful? Should you disobey orders to do something better, or is disobeying too risky? You just have to chose an option and hope for the best. Yes, I will be replaying the game in order to choose the others choices, because I want to see how the story is affected!Conclusion:Go play The Longest Journey and Dreamfall. Your life will be better for it. Then buy this game and play it! Even if you're not an adventure game fan, you can't deny that this series has an amazing story and characters. You're missing out by not getting to know these characters."
76561198032998313,Not Recommended,237850,23678663,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,daltonc.lima,"Ok, what can I tell about this game... It has a very complex story and that's a good thing. But complex stories must be effective, and unfortunatly Dreamfall Chapters goes to something really bad. I was really waiting for a great game, but after playing the final book, I decided to give only 3 stars for this game. The final book it's really short and the gameplay is almost nonexistent. I'm really sad for that, because I played all the chapters waiting for a very well developed conclusion inside the storie of all characters but it was too much marketing for nothing... The graphics are really nice, the songs are amazing, but if a storie is very complex, it has to be well told or it will become nonsense.  I expected more for this game..."
76561198055174788,Recommended,237850,23881021,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Amarisse,"I've been a long time fan of this series and this game stays true to it adding tons of wonderful backstory and both old and new characters. The only downfall was the large worlds to explore without easy access to a map, it is quite easy to get lost in a few sections. This in no way dulls the game itself though."
76561197961803303,Recommended,237850,23876120,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eran Mintor,I got an achievement calling me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then they changed it to worlds greatest kisser. Still a great game despite it calling me a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971101529,Not Recommended,237850,23825324,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sid,"I wanted to give this game thumbs up, but after I finished it and compared it to the original Longest Journey (1999) I simply cannot do that.While the original game is the best adventure game I have played so far, this installment cannot keep up in anything. The adventure and puzzles are too simplified and the transition to 3D which felt awkward in previous Dreamfall feels the same way in Dreamfall Chapters. Missing facial expressions of characters add even more frustration to the story moments. Cutting the whole story into books was fine but problem is that the books were not even remotely equal quality-wise. I remember mostly book 1 and 4, the other ones do not contain any memorable moments. The closure of the story also felt odd - leaving out some moments that would be interesting for the story (like return to Azadir, what happened to Saga after her shift at the end of book 4 and between the book 5?). Instead player is forced to live some boring moments which could have been left out.Thumbs down and I would rather recommend everyone to play the original Longest Journey and forget that those 2 installments even exist."
76561197987071663,Recommended,237850,24770151,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,kanesaref,love it great game for all must buy
,Recommended,237850,28763833,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Eadlyn June,At that moment the world was divided. What side shall you take?Cute Animal Wifu VS Hot GaylordComing to a computer near you 2015
76561198036638347,Recommended,237850,26288759,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sansania,"I really loved this game, especially as I have played all of them so it was nice to have an ending at last :)"
,Recommended,237850,27037655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hannah lmao,wow i just want to complete the Steam Awards Nomination Committee 2016 badge
76561198043832428,Recommended,237850,28782236,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sovereign,Топ
,Recommended,237850,25379297,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Jusmonica,"Nice visuals with a good story, can be slow paced unfortunately"
76561198075030955,Recommended,237850,21139883,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bullshit Machine,God damn.
76561198211712260,Recommended,237850,16430285,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,lizcarter55,LOVE THIS GAME. Have followed this series of games for years.....so glad to see that they FINALLY came out with Dreamfall Chapters! The storylines of all of these games are fantastic....definitely the best games I've played.<3<3<3
,Recommended,237850,16628634,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NeoAlyola,"An amazing Game with grate graffics and and entertaining story tho i am not to big a fan of episodic games, but i do find myself enjoying this one. In this game you do realy notice the consecquenses of the choices you make."
,Recommended,237850,16736349,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Moxd,"A worthy and long-awaited sequel to Dreamfall. The puzzles can be a bit... janky at times, I had to use a guide a few times and literally said ""there was no way I could have figured that out on my own...""But it's intriguing, the characters are all fantastic and it has great voiceacting. As of writing this, there are 2 more parts to go. Solid."
,Recommended,237850,16335818,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tonje-b,Love this game!
,Recommended,237850,16424266,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mike Fence,i think this game is really amazing. i have watched playthroughs of the second game (dreamfall the longest journey) whch i have to say they both stunned me. this game is AMAZING.. please buy it. spread the word. support the developer!! they deserve it.
76561198124424096,Recommended,237850,23644948,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,xeacxcoa,"Played of add some needed to say - team, who will made this game, wish you wished a longest dreams of you will was awakening!"
76561198274460328,Recommended,237850,27464100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,afternoonamy,So many feels.A series I could replay over & over.  ♥
76561197980650229,Recommended,237850,21520704,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pendragon,"I've now played 1 to 4 and I have to say I'm waiting on 5. However, this game is not without its issues. It almost kills its playability with the rabbit warren city levels - making you run round seemingly just to pad out playing time and with no effective maps or directions to help (trust me they are not worth using). That aside, the plot is engaging the dialogue is good and retains the feel of the previous adventures. So, it did enough to get me through the dross and found the game they want you to play. Some fine tuning would make this game great as it is it's still good."
76561198191364243,Recommended,237850,21852233,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Nommcherrymarie,I was very happy to find out there was a new year sale because i heard so many things about this game.I really liked playing it and I can't wait for chapter 5 but because I wasn't known with Dreamfall and the other previous games I notice that sometimes I'm a  bit confused about the story line.That doesn't keep me from enjoying the beautiful graphics and enjoy making my own choices in the game.That is another thing I really like about the story next to character development is making up your own story.Each choice has consequenses so be careful which ones you take.Pro's:- Storyline- Beautiful graphics- Character developmentCon's:- Sometimes the story progresses a bit slow- By not knowing the previous games the story is a bit hard to follow
,Recommended,237850,21856071,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dj_moyer,"Did you play ""The Longest Journey"" yet?DId you then play ""Dreamfall: The Longest Journey?""If not, go play those two games first or the story won't make much sense to you.If you played those two games and did not like them, well then you should stay away from this one because it is a sequel.This game picks up a little while after the end of ""Dreamfall: The Longest Journey"" which I will not spoil for those who haven't played it.  Let's just say it was a surprise to me when I played it.  You are still tasked with saving the world (or two worlds, depending how you look at it) and someone is still using people's dreams for evil purposes.  But in this game, you get to make choices along the way that change the way the story plays out.  There are several branching paths you might follow, but each choice is permanent!  Some changes are small, others have big impacts on the events around you.  It is a little bit like a ""choose your own adventure"" story in that sense.Bottom line:this game is a bit different from its predecessors.  In some ways it is better, in other ways I personally prefer one of the other two in teh series.  Do you like adventure games?  Do you like some suspense - rarely knowing how your choices will play out in the long run?  Do you like solving puzzles with seemingly random (and sometimes borderline insane) item combinations?  Do you want to be a super-hero who can walk in and out of other people's dreams?  If you said yes to those questions AND you enjoyed the first two games in this series, then you need to play this game.  I'm not sure what they're charging for it these days but I got it on sale.  Totally worth $15 or $20 I think."
76561197975199265,Recommended,237850,14753348,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,phillium,"Honestly, the only reason I am recommending it is because I can't judge an entire game based off of one part.  I contributed a lot of money to this game, and am a huge fan of the last two games, especially Dreamfall.PROSFairly good graphics, although there are FPS issues at timesInteresting opening, got me interestedEnding kept me wanting more..which is a good thingCONSZoe is no longer voiced by Ellie Conrad Leigh, which has me outraged.  It is not the same character anymore.  She even looks different from the last game.  I can't get used to the new voice actress.  It sucks, plain and simple.*SPOILER* Zoe's best friend, Liv, was killed offNo interaction with WonkersEuropolis is just...boring..although it is prettyThe music/sound atmosphere does not hook me like Dreamfall didA lot of the dialogue and political stuff has me yawning-NOT INTERESTED!And..At the end of the last game Zoe stated that ""that wasn't Reza""- I hope they explain that in this gameThe look and feel of this game, overall, has me worried.  I feel like RTG rushed production to get their product out.  Is all I can say is that the next four chapters better blow me away, otherwise I would be extremely disappointed!UPDATE:After finishing Book 2, I have to say it is starting to feel more like the old games.  Finally a bit of mystery and suspense!  I am looking forward to Book 3...I think this is a case of it starting out slow and building into something really epic."
,Recommended,237850,13134818,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ChillVS,"This game is fantastic, a great game to play with your girlfriend or wife.The developers were able to take all the loose ends (and there were many) from the previous game and somehow tie them all up into a coherent storyline.  If you've played the previous games, don't hesitate to purchase this one.Pros:  Girl/Guy friendly.  Two stories entertwined, one with a girl protagonist and one with a guy protagonist, one in the past, one in the future.  There's a little bit of everything here for most individuals.  Book 1 was slow getting started, but Book 2 is much better.  Highly recommend you play this with somebody!Note:  The game is somewhat demanding of system resources and if you are not over the minimum system specs you might not be able to play.  If that's the case, feel free to watch our let's playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqzBOaoFFrc"
76561198062334752,Recommended,237850,13584472,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Gheorghe,"I am a big fan of the series, however after the 1st chapter I am not impressed. I only recommend this game because it is promising so much, but the first chapter is quite short (4 hours) and unconvincing.I remember how after minutes of the Longest Journey demo (back in 2000) I was totally absorbed by the game, it grabbed me from the beginning - the talking tree, April, everything made you care or curious right from the start.In Chapter 1 we start where Dreamfall ended, which is good, because I always felt that Dreamfall ended abruptly. However, I found the politics plot of this Chapter quite boring. In April's times, Stark had also funny parts (remember the detective or the rubber ducky), but this time it is just dark, dystopian and dull, it doesn't surprise with anything.I am sorry to say but after the 1st chapter I don't feel anything for the characters, which is a big letdown, TLJ series made you feel involved. Even the choice/consequence system, which is a great feature, doesn't make me feel more involved. The story so far is thin and the characters sketchy. The only character I liked on Stark in this chapter, worthy of the series, was the lady on the boat.I also don't like the fact that most characters swear a lot, unnecessary a lot.The part that I liked was the Arcadia bit. That's the world I want to see more, that's the place that made me love the series, not the dull slums of Stark. So I am hoping to see more of it.The graphics are quite good, but the drawback is that you need good hardware to play this game which started as a point and click adventure. Also, I don't like the interaction system, it reminds me of action games and it just gets in the way of exploring the details in an area. Which brings me to the quest/goals system.The action is linear, you get a quest (goal) like in an role playing game and you go from here to there like an errand boy (girl). So much for exploring. You don't need to explore and interact when everything points you towards your goal. The 1st chapter ended much to quickly. I finished the game after four hours, and my reaction was like ""come on, that was all""?I know that more and more games are using episodes to deliver the game, but in Dreamfall's case it is a bad idea. The time between episodes will just disconnect me from the story, it feels like spliting a movie in 5 and watching a bit every month."
76561197971765872,Recommended,237850,13589142,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SAura,Well written and developed sequel for Dreamfall. Enjoyed the beautiful world and story. Looking forward to next part.
,Recommended,237850,13728932,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Taikamaru Ikeda,If you enjoyed the old game of the series this one is pretty awesome as well.
,Recommended,237850,13836377,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MA$TA BRUCE,"Great continuation of the game, felt a little short though. I beat it in under 5 hours, but I already cant wait for chapter 2!"
76561197965986001,Recommended,237850,13625402,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kibbles,"Games like this are a rare gem.The story will pull you along, rarely frustrating you with overly-difficult puzzles and charming you with beautiful and soothing graphics.I spent an hour or two just wandering the streets of Europolis, occasionally marvelling at the sights of the city. Rarely does a game leave me distracted and oblivious to the main story. It was a like a dream-vacation.When I finished Chapter 1, I felt as if I had just returned from somewhere marvellous. I can't wait to go back."
76561197993405987,Recommended,237850,13825814,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,neji,"Great atmosphere which is set in a duture dystopian and sci-fi world. Wish there was more plot in this one but I really do enjoy the dialogue even though I wish there was less walking around. Decent start to the game but I hope there's more interesting meat in the future books. Enjoyable storytelling and concepts. Lacks puzzles. 7.5/10 for book 1. Love the world and the characters, dislike the lack of puzzles/gameplay."
76561198060417190,Recommended,237850,14324450,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Schorsch_G,"Great graphics, great sound, puzzles that can be solved without searching the web. A fantastic game. only... running arround the city becomes a bit boring ..."
76561198004080210,Recommended,237850,13351771,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Veyd,Worth your time. Take your time with it.
,Recommended,237850,13774234,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,⌘ZᶌжɨЭ♊ЯцṂФГ♅,"A really good story riched game, I must say. It takes Science Fiction and Fantasy together. Cyberpunk and Steampunk. Like in all story games, most choices you make will change the story in the future. Luckily there's a load option to go back and make the alternate choice to see if it's better or not.The environment and cityscapes is amazing. Truly defines the cyberpunk genre to its purest."
,Recommended,237850,13808042,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Urswick,"I loved it, graphics are charming, the game is very story oriented.I would advise playing at least Dreamfall before Dreamfall Chapters to better enjoy the game.I recommend this game serie to anyone who enjoys interactive stories and well constructed characters."
76561198086505175,Recommended,237850,13994273,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My rating for Dreamfall Chapters, Book One - Reborn: 85/100This title promised us amazing mixture of medieval fantasy world and dark cyberpunk sci-fi reality set in year 2220. Also it was about to show various choices and everywhere-present consequences. Three worlds, two stories, one destiny. Lets see the realisation in detail.Story is pretty rich, even more due to two main characters - Zoë Maya Castillo and Kian Alvane. Their choices and decisions are shapng the world around them and even himself/herself and also other main character. There is also a possibility to remind you what happened in previous games, so you can be well informed. There are a lot of aspects to solve, with the dark feeling, that something is coming. Joy and happines is well balanced with sadness and despair, even anger and revenge. For every choice, there is a consqeuence, you just have to find out.Characters are strong and abundant in their personalities. Zoë is changing from scared and happy-go-lucky teenager to a responsible and courageous woman, what brings here one of most positive elements. Strong female protagonist. Also Kian is transformed from zealous religious fighter to the defender of weak and opressed. Episodic chracters are helpful and specific. For me, the strongest one was Teta Queenie (czech word for aunt), who forced us to make very serious statement.Visuals are nice and realistic, art is catching and graphic is set to support the story and background in the game. Moods  and acts are reflected very accurately. However, there were some funny glitches, but it nothing disrupting the gameplay.Soundtrack is composed by Simon Poole and truly said, it is a masterpiece. Piano, reasonable amount of remix and other instruments with dramatical choirs are goind right under the skin and makes you feel like you were in another world. Exactly there this game takes you.Gameplay was heartwarming, it is mostly adventure with puzzles to solve. Quests are not easy, but solvable, you have to earn your success and sometimes try a bit harder. Game provides you a huge number of various interactions, commented with thougts of main characters. By the way, you can even control a baby here! Choices are differed to lesser and main, second one have ""balance"" symbol next to them, so you can see, how your friends and rest of the world decided. In the end, all your decisions will be sum up with commentary what you can expect in the following episode.To sum it up, Dreamfall Chapters, Book One - Reborn, is a decent and proud member of the Dreamfall Saga and all, what they promised, they fullfilled, sometimes even overcame. I am glad, this was picked up from the Steam Greenlight, it is an exact sequel, how it should be.Recommended and I can not wait for book two."
,Recommended,237850,14330896,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,alison,"This is breathtaking. I haven't been so wowed by a city since Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Europolis, like Newport, pulses with a life that makes you wish you could explore forever. I spent a couple of hours just wandering around. Even with my tablet struggling to maintain 800x600 resolution it was a stunning experience. One of my favorite parts of this series is the ""real life"" pacing of the opening chapters; it is so refreshing to just be able to talk and eavesdrop and quietly enjoy such a rich world that subtly feeds your curiosity. The German translation is pretty good, though there is one conversation where the subtitles and speech are completely messed up. Other than that, and the lack of proper save games, I have nothing to complain about. It could be a little confusing if you haven't played the first games, but if you have? Man oh man. What a beautiful and compelling continuation to the story. Can't wait for the next chapters to be released. Great work."
,Recommended,237850,13512267,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rhadaze,"Here we have the character from the second game with the vibe of the first game, which had a lot more cyber punk theme going on.Might be the best game as far as decision making goes. Reminds me of The Witcher, in a sense that you do feel like every decision is very important and does really make a difference, unlike mass effect, for instance. Of course, we will have to wait and see how the other parts of the game ends, but so far, the game does it even better with the dialog and the way it presents the choices and making you feel the responsible for them.Reload? Funny.. there's no saving around, you do stuff and live with it.Feels kinda buggy sometimes. If you click around too much it'll play many recordings at the same time making it impossible to understand and thus annoying once in a while. It's minor though.All in all, maybe it needs a little polishing, but so far it exceeds expectation for someone who has been waiting for a sequel for years."
,Recommended,237850,13725504,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,datagutt,"Beautiful graphics, but with some odd and exaggerated lens blur effects. Great story. Fun gameplay, albeit intentionally confusing at times."
76561198077534201,Recommended,237850,13466285,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zeffy,"I dunno why, but I love this game and I love how they started it up again after a realy long time and i can't wait for book 2"
76561197970979811,Recommended,237850,13536371,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,anthony.lang,It's Great! I can't wait for book 2.
76561198172615814,Recommended,237850,13889030,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Good_look1134,A must buy in my books great story telling but the frame rate drops evey now and agian but not that big of a deal ill give it a 7 outa 10
,Recommended,237850,13942905,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,THE GAMING BOSS,"this is my first ever review this an absolutly unexplainably totaly epic and awesome experience.i didnt see that many bugs,only a few but they werent game breaking for example in one scene zoes head turns 360 degrees which was weird but not a problem,i actually had a laugh:) anyways i completly recommend this you will enjoy every sceond of this journey and sequel to dreamfall:the longest journey (more ike the longest wait.)p.s: I am a big fan of telltale and the only problem with their games is you get only the illusion of choice while red thread games has completly turned that around where your choices acuatlly have consequences either immedietly or long term"
76561197995607108,Recommended,237850,13553428,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kanzakikenji,"First, it's beautiful. Second, in 20 years that I'm playing adventure games, not once have the internal dialogues made complete sense in the flow of events. There was always something off, feeling unnatural. But here, somehow, they managed to avoid this. Amazing.The only thing that I truly hated was playing as a f-ing baby. I absolutely hate when games make me do that."
76561198048136600,Recommended,237850,33118603,Posted: 2 July,all,Cainsley,This was an amazing story.
76561198022951753,Recommended,237850,20588252,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Blackdepp,One of the best story games I've ever played. Your decisions have a real impact on the story and sometimes even the most insignicant choices have a great outcome. Both of the main characters are lovable and have a unique character. The surroundings are desined with love and the little jokes this game offers are very amusing. Though all in all it's not a funny game but very real and with sometimes pretty hard decisions.(9.5/10)
,Recommended,237850,27912689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LiveLaughLove,This game has a great story line and a great soundtrack.
76561198030249805,Recommended,237850,27979153,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pentasphere,"Part of a trilogy of games starting with The Longest Journey. The roots of this game is in the more traditional point and click adventure games, although for this one the format has been modernized a bit. If you want to play a game with an amazing, engaging story then this is it. Unlike its two predecessors with a static, fixed story (that were both great!) this game follows the more current trend of allowing you to make decisions that change the story based on what you choose. There are some parts of the game where the pacing can seem a little slow, but overall the narrative (and the choices you can make to change it along the way) keep you invested right until the end. The ability to change the story with your choices also give this game much more replay value than more traditional adventure games of the past. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,237850,28003933,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Captain Serious,"I've always enjoyed point n click adventure games of old.  The classic Lucas Arts and Sierra ""Quest"" games are great examples of the best in the genre.  These classics we're the inspiration for the future games like The Longest Journey (TLJ), which is my all time personal favorite of the genre.Dreamfall Chapters is the 3rd game in the saga, and as of now the conclusion to the series.  There are rumors about a 4th game, but unfortunately it appears our time in Arcadia & Stark and places in between have come to it end.  This saddens me because these worlds, characters, and stories they tell are so beautiful told I'm always left wanting more at the end.However, if there isn't another TLJ game in our future this episodic conclusion to the franchise is a beautiful swansong.  While it leaves a few questions unanswered for potential sequel opportunities, it suffices to bring closure to major plotlines introduced in the 2nd game of the franchise.Let's hope they try another kickstarter for a 4th game.  I'm not ready to leave these worlds behind to memories.  I want to revisit them in the future and see what our familiar friends are up to.We can dream for a continuation of this story, and if it's one thing this game has taught us it's... dreams can change the world."
76561198033659288,Recommended,237850,28022119,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,damian.rivas,"I've got to know Dreamfall Chapters because I had interest in playing The Longest Journey adventure game, so I got it and its sequels (Dreamfall: TLJ and Chapters) as well during a Steam's sale.The game follows up the events of Dreamfall: TLJ, expanding Zöe Castillo's  and Kian Alvane's stories, divided into 5 books (episodes), leading to a invevitable conclusion of the TLJ saga as a whole.Chapters mantains a similar gameplay style as its immediate predecessor (Dreamfall: TLJ) but with significant improvements (no more awful fighting engines) while adopting the modern interactive episodic adventure style. In this aspect, what the game offers is not new at all: make decisions which might or might not affect your way forward and lead to different conclusions. As all this kind of games, they focus strength on the plot, the setting and how both develop during gameplay.I liked the game but I would recommed it mostly to people who have played previous installments on the TLJ saga as it seats solidly on its backgroud story. If you are a modern episodic adventure game fan, I'm sure you will enjoy it as well, but not certainly in the same way if you've followed the complete story, or at least played the previous Dreamfall game.For those of you expecting to get a closure or explanation of events on The Longest Journey and Dreamfall: TLJ games, Chapters will give you what you want and well delivered, in my opinion."
76561197979099756,Recommended,237850,23644163,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,JazzyJet,I'm a huge fan of the series and writer.  There is a level of depth and detail of storytelling that just blows me away.
76561198049494160,Recommended,237850,27831345,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vaslov,Finishes off the story started in TLJ and Dreamfall.   The point and click gameplay is pretty standard.  I would only recommend for fans of the series who want to see where the characters end up.  For those that did the game is very well worth it.
76561198000152874,Recommended,237850,22219786,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jet Nebula,bought this game - played it for about an hour - next day steam took it out of my library because i got it too cheap from a website - 10/10 would play again
76561198141610151,Recommended,237850,15766792,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RitalinDragon,"An amazing story-based adventure game.If, like me, you missed the previous games (that would be: ""The longest Journey"" and ""Dreamfall: the Longest Journey"") then play them. Together these games form one of the best stories in video-game history.If you do not wish to play these slightly older games... you see ""The Logest Journey"", which is the first game, is very old... 1999 old. Still playable, but you really don't ""have"" to play it. You can either watch a Lets-Play of it, or skip it all together.""Dreamfall: the Longest Journey"" on the other hand, is not skippable. Though you can definitly watch a Lets-Play of it (persoanlly I really liked Cryaotic's lets-play on youtube).DO IT. It's AMAZING."
,Recommended,237850,15707635,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Nakiami,8.5/10havent played the previous games wich makes u feel lost in some of the parts of the story.but furthermore this is a truly amazing game. i sure love the voice acting in it and the story is realy interesting.il be sure to play the previous games or i should get a hold of the books.if you are a big fan of story driven games and puzzles this is surely one u will enjoy.i have yet to finish the game but im sure il get to it soon since u want to know what happens next each time u close it.
76561197994270959,Not Recommended,237850,23903368,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,yogajavajoe,"To each their own, but I found this game to be nothing but a painfuly slow way to read a mediocre story.  You aimlessly wander, searching for objects to interact with that many times do not seem obvious or even intuitive.  As you progress, pathways in cities are blocked in an attempt at story telling but in reality accomplish nothing more than to make tasks more tedious.  It degrades into nothing more than an endless series of fetch quests."
,Not Recommended,237850,24189894,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Max_Rush,"The writing goes downhill as game progresses, culminating in eternal loop of 10 minute plot-point closing dialogs following each other in book 5.Basically, only for good for nostalgia."
76561198046188945,Not Recommended,237850,21739769,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ebecker,"Too much work, too much walking, not enough talking or  story to go with the time needed to play the game."
,Not Recommended,237850,19664120,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Frugl1,"Dreamfall Chapters is a game that can be apreciated for what it sets out to do. It was successfully funded on Kickstarter, and it is clear that the team at Red Thread Games is passionate about the Dreamfall franchise. This however, does not change the fact that Chapters (atleast in it's current state) is a bad game.So what exactly do i mean by this? Well to start off with, the game runs like crap, and without the graphics to back its poor performance. Despite the game having recently been upgraded from Unity version 4.x to 5.2.3, I still struggle to maintain 60 FPS on my current rig(i7 2600K/GTX 780sc).But what about the game itself? Well. To be fair. It's also very weak. Chapters LOVES to waste your time. It contains tons of illogical puzzles, and pixel hunt-like item scavenging. And when you aren't walking around a large level looking for pointless items, you're likely walking from point A to point B, just to be sent back to A again. Overall the game manages to drag out what could've been a nicely paced 2 hour per episode experince, into a tedious 5 hour walkathon, with very little exposition.As such, I really cannot recommend Dreamfall Chapters, as it is simply a bad game. I will however recommend the previous title in the series, known simply as Dreamfall, as it is arguably a much better game."
,Not Recommended,237850,32032459,Posted: 28 May,all,RedDreadnaught,"What a complete waste of time and money.  Even on the lowest graphical settings (yes, my system meets the requirements) in windowed mode, there is such a terrible lag from the poor framerate that you can't really immerse yourself in the game, which is the whole point of a narrative point/click adventure.  And forget about any puzzle-solving or necessary tasks requring timing.  Unfortunately, I waited more than 2 weeks after I bought it to start playing it, so I'm not getting a refund on this overproduced, overpriced string of cutscenes.  Looking over the discussion boards, mine is not an isolated issue.  Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,237850,19832526,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,wobbling,"Short Version:If you still need closure from Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, buy this game on sale but don't expect much in the way of gameplay. If you've never played Dreamfall or the original Longest Journey, play them first. Chapters won't make much sense without them.Longer Version:I loved the first two games, but I'm so very disappointed in Chapters.Everything I loved about the first two games feels like it's missing. The characters are bland, the puzzles are a joke and practically nonexistent, the environments feel strangely empty, the dialogue is sooo awkward (seemed quirky/funny at first, but now just annoying), and the story has become dull and lost all momentum.There is finally a bit of closure for Dreamfall fans out there at the end of Book 5, but it doesn't even come close to making up for the rest of this mess of a game."
76561198006224765,Not Recommended,237850,20096371,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lachs0r,"Gameplay-wise, it’s a point-and-click interactive movie thing with shallow and predictable characters. Think 3D visual novel, complete with writing that would only appeal to 13-year-olds, but without the frustrating story flags that end up killing you and all your loved ones because you made the wrong choice somewhere back in the second chapter. There are very few ways to really screw up in this game. It has very few puzzles (if you could call them that), and they mostly consist of finding and combining items or putting things in the right order. On the positive side, it still manages to make me curious about how things are going to play out, and there’s a little value in replaying the game to see how your choices influence what happens to individual characters (they generally make no difference in the grand scheme of things). The voice acting is quite good.I give it a 3.5/5 there. Entertaining, but far from a masterpiece.Where things really start to crumble though is the technical side. I’m not going to beat around the bush here, this thing’s a MESS and it tends to absolutely ruin the immersion. Graphically, the game looks comparable to titles released in 2006, only with slightly higher texture resolution, a lot of post processing, awful lighting, beginner mistakes (depth/alpha testing failure and z-fighting for instance), distance popping, broken shaders, and rigid, almost robotic character animations that are not timed or positioned correctly most of the time. But it needs a very high-end CPU and gigabytes of RAM to pull this off at acceptable framerates. And even if you have lots of RAM, at some point (roughly 4 GB), performance just falls off a cliff as the garbage collector struggles to deal with all the memory fragmentation because someone thought they didn’t have to care about memory management with a game written using .NET. Nothing could be further from the truth. This seems to happen with a lot of Unity-based titles, so future gamedevs take note—GC’d languages are not a silver bullet. VSync is dysfunctional (probably due the unstable framerate; didn’t attempt to pin down the cause), mouse grabbing does not work properly (cursor leaves the window if you move it too quickly). The list goes on and on. In two hours of gameplay, I hit the “Report Bug” button about a dozen times (as of version 4.1.1). It’s frustrating, to say the least.I still give it 2/5 points here because at least it hasn’t crashed so far, so it’s not totally unplayable.Overall, I don’t think I can recommend this game as it is. I might have reconsidered if the developers had fixed some of the major technical flaws (instead of just the symptoms, like Propast completely wrecking performance in earlier versions), but apparently that is either not very high up on their list of priorities, or they simply lack the expertise to do so."
76561198030717099,Not Recommended,237850,29910987,Posted: 13 February,all,lyre,"Very clumpsy game.It's comfy and neat, with lots of warm memories connected with previous games in this Longest Journey series. It's an ending of the story, and the ending itself is a decent one.However, now I realize, how many cons every game had. From absurd puzzles from the first game (admit, many of us loved that game mostly for story and the world but probably less for gameplay itself); boring fighting system, long runs from one location to another, too simplistic stealth and cliffhanger in the end of the second one; to mostly meaningless choices, mostly too easy or sometimes too hard-to-spot puzzles, and even longer runs from one location to other of this last one installation.Ok, gameplay wasn't the best part of all the series, but the world and dialogues... Nah, dialogues are cheasy and very fanservise-oriented in Dreamfall Chapters. Characters are often dull. And dialogue camera is made with super lazy approach.Unique world - thats the best part here.If you were here before in previous games of this series, then you're already into here.If not - well, think twice.If I were me from the future talking to me from the past, I'd advise me not to play Dreamfall Chapters - better watch letsplays or smth. But I probably wouldn't listen :)"
,Not Recommended,237850,20633741,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Warp,"It is a shame that Steam only offers a binary choice for recommending a game, which means that it's not possible to distinguish between ""a bit on the boring side"" and ""completely unplayable trash"". This game is more on that former side. On a scale from 0 to 10 (where 0 is absolutely horrendous unplayable utterly broken, and 10 is one of the best and most enjoyable games I have played in my life), I would give this a 4. Because it falls just a bit under that ""completely average"" line, I have to give it a negative vote.The major problem I have with this game is that the tasks and puzzles are simplistic, even trivial, and completely unimaginative and outright lazy. It's like no effort whatsoever was put into them, and they were slapped onto the game with no thought or inspiration or effort put into them.What is worse, it seems that no playtesting whatsoever was done on some of the puzzles because, while trivial and unimaginative, some of them can still make you run around for an hour and just not find what you are looking for, for the simple reason that the game literally gives you zero hints of where you have to go or what you have to do. For example, one of the tasks is finding an NPC who is normally at a vending cart, but is not there anymore. No hints whatsoever are given where exactly you should be looking. You can run around the city for hours, looking in every single corner and every single place, and the NPC will be nowhere to be found. Then you look at an online guide and it turns out that you had to check a box behind the vending cart, which contains some receipt, and by taking the receipt that NPC suddenly appears at a location somewhere else in the city... a location you probably checked three times already. The NPC now just magically appears there after you take the receipt. That box is inconspicuous, and unless you happen to stumble across it by chance, chances are that you are going to miss it and waste hours in a wild goose chase. And the ""solution"" is completely nonsensical. (It may have a semblance of sense in terms of storytelling, but as a puzzle it's nonsensical, trivial, needlessly hard with no actual rewarding challenge, and just bad. It's simply a question of whether you happen to check that one box or not.)And that's just one example.The story is also trying really hard to be deep and immersive, but ends up being quite shallow, slow-paced (which isn't helped by the wild goose chase ""puzzles"" you have to ""solve"") and a bit boring.At points I was tempted to just stop playing the game altogether (especially on that ""puzzle"" I described above). I don't find this game all that interesting. The story advances too slowly, and the ""puzzles"" are too trivial, lazy and uninteresting. There is no thought put into them at all.That being said, it's not a horrible game. That's why I'm giving it a 4 out of 10, rather than somehing less."
76561197965282243,Recommended,237850,16467616,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hatch,"Dreamfall Chapters is a great dystopian story-based game where choicesreallymatter.  This game is similar to games like Life is Strange.  The choices you make will determine the outcomes of events or relationships with other characters.  Sometimes a walkthough is helpful.  In one part of the story you're in a futuristic city.  In the other part of the story you're in a medieval town.  If you've playedDreamfall: The Longest Journey(which I advise you play first) you'll know what I'm talking about.  If you're into adventure and trying to figure out what a shadow corrupt government is up to you will love this game.Pros- Very story rich.- Choices determine game events.- Gives you a choice to see what other gamers chose on important choices.- There are several ""books"" to this game, hence the name.- Futuristic and medieval environments.- Go against a shadow government.Cons- Bad language.  This isn't the only game I have that has foul language but it's plentiful in this game.  Very unnecessary toward the storyline.- Lense flares.  You can turn it on/off but I had to turn it off.  The lense flare visuals are very annoying."
76561198087137569,Not Recommended,237850,26619828,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tommy v2,"I love the characters and environments, but actually playing this game... ugh. I was constantly lost or stuck on every single screen and puzzle. Insanely difficult and confusing navigation. The performance of the game is laughable even on a GTX 1080 at 1080p, a stuttering mess. Ugly-as-sin chromatic aberration filter you can't turn off. I beat it with a walkthrough holding my hand after I spent half the game wanting to uninstall it to the moon and back out of frustration.Stick to the previous Dreamfall game if you want want a 3D TLJ experience. That one runs like a dream (har!) and won't make you want to rip your hair out."
76561198002944995,Recommended,237850,12727576,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BlockingWhale,"I bought this as soon as it came out because I loved TLJ and Dreamfall: TLJ.  I must say I'm not as happy with this as I was expecting to be.  It's a beautiful game, but there's just not much to it.  It took me five hours to finish, and most of the time, I was just bumbling around aimlessly.  It set up for a lot of things, but there's barely enough story here to constitute releasing by itself.  If all of the installments are this short, they had better not be each $30.  I'm hoping that this was just an ""appetizer"" sort of thing and that the following releases will be more full."
,Recommended,237850,12798577,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Russell,Amazing. if you like immersive and storytelling centric games it's a must play
,Recommended,237850,33703176,Posted: 21 July,all,Viktor,"Amazing, the last of a saga of games that I loved since I was a child, LOVE IT."
,Recommended,237850,12600756,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,bdb.disco,very good but just book one so far shorter than I would've likedsame style and storytelling i remember thoughhope the wait for book 2 is quicker than waiting for the second half of broken age
76561198189336947,Not Recommended,237850,18746962,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,White Guardian,"The story may be rich, but many of the missions/puzzles are designed in such a silly way that they ruin all the fun of the game.For example, in Book Two, when Zoe walked out from the home, she was stopped by a robotcop, asking her who and where she was going to meet. If Zoe selects to resist, then most of the streets will be locked down. As the map system is terrible and I was not familiar with the streets, I spent two hours trying to find a route to get to the mission location (i.e., Dr. Roman's apartment) but just in vein. Eventually I had to give up and restart the mission all over again and change my response to the robotcop so that there would be less streets being locked down and so I could find the way to Dr. Roman's apartment. I was really pis*ed off by this ""route-finding"" mission.Furthermore, at the beginning of Book Three, what's the point to ask the player to collect the 9 drawings hidden everywhere in the house? What's the fun about it? Has anyone really enjoyed spending a couple of hours wandering around every room of the house for I-don't-know-how-many-times just to search for those well-hidden pieces of paper?Stupid things/missions like these keep making me to think whether I should continue to waste my life on this not-fun-at-all game. At the moment, I barely found all the 9 drawings by following the hints given in the Boork Three Walkthrough. I have a feeling that I will quit playing this game very soon.---I just realized that after finding all the 9 drawings, the next mission is to attach them on the wall in the ""right order"". How the hell can I know what is the ""right order"" when no hint at all is provided in the conversation?The design of the missions/puzzles really drives me crazy!Not recommend this game at all. 3/10, that's how I will rate this game."
76561198061635334,Not Recommended,237850,18053265,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Enrique,The audio doesn't work in some cut scenes.  There is some audio with long stretches of silence. I know the silent parts are not how it's supposed to be because  I compared them to thehttps://youtu.be/ZoRIEu1jjw8cut scenes posted to YouTube. This is very disappointing because I was looking forward to this game after playing Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.  I am sure this would be a great game too **if it worked**.
76561198157113920,Not Recommended,237850,19493632,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Havana,"So I decided to buy the game because of all the amazing things ive heard...I launch up the game and its LAGGY AS HECK I CANT EVEN START THE GAME!I know its not my computer either, its been happening to alot of people (cant play the game because freezes or just waaaaay tooooooo lagggggy)so it just seems like a waste of money until they fix this! :(please fix it!!!"
76561198045491335,Recommended,237850,16712474,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,vlr124,"I really like the plot, but the puzzles are not intuitive."
,Recommended,237850,14833689,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,HAPPY LITTLE TREES,awesome sauce
,Recommended,237850,12728473,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Chiobe,"The game is in an early phase and still has it problems with performence, but the story is more then worth it (aldo a bit slow for new players).Just remember to check that your system handles the requirement and that count double for any 32-bit OS users."
76561198020488283,Recommended,237850,12722294,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Labratty,"The story and voice work is good as ever although the pacing is painfully slow.  The quicktime event interactions can leave you pixel hunting at times to find the next interaction to move the story along.Whether or not something has collision detection seems to be random, you will get caught up on one bucket or chair but not another, or walk right through a stack of boxes, and many invisble walls block movement.  I do not like 'open' worlds with invisble walls.Story, good, 9/10Textures and enviroment are nice, 9/10Voice acting good but super slow, 8/10Animation/graphics, low poly count hidden by textures, buggy movement, arbitrary/invisible movement barriers, 6/10Value,  (edit removed value concerns)edit: I am an animation coder so the twitches are not going to bother most people as much as me."
76561198053847726,Recommended,237850,21660227,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vertigo362,10/10
76561198014421173,Recommended,237850,12716023,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Jsmortis,"I never write reviews, but as a big fan of this series it seemed fitting this be my first review. The game honestly starts out strong reintroducing you to all the characters, but then it slows down and turns into a run here do this type of ""mission"" system. The various characters you run into along the way are defintely unique and interesting to interact with, but it does feel like unecessary deviations from the main story, almost like they are forcing you to do side missions you don't really want to do. I am in no way saying this game is bad, I defintely enjoyed revisiting this series but it's a slow start that hopefully escalates into an amazing story. The setting is there now just execute it and let's finish this amazing story that alot of us have waited years for."
,Recommended,237850,12749175,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,acunninghan,"Excellent game with beautiful scenarios and a rich story, I’m excited to see how my decisions will impact the story.There are some textures that could be improved, as well as the animations of characters, also, they need to keep working on the optimization of graphics since there are places where the framerates drop significantly.I recommend the game is you like adventure/sci-fi games with a strong narrative and a rich story.Can't wait for the rest of the books to come out."
,Recommended,237850,16633332,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Frappea,"This game is definitly awesome, the voices, the texts, the emotions are simply great. Europolis people are from different areas of the world, so are their english accents. The choises you do lead to really lot unexpected changes that often really surprise you and makes you regret had choose them.The story is really complex and i suggest you to play at least Dreamfalls, so you know a bit better who is zoe or kian and what happened to her or him, cause it happens that past decisions have influence also in Dreamfalls Chapters.This game is so indie, so original, so deep, so breathtaking that you ABSOLUTELY must own it! 11/10Can't wait for the next 2 chapters!"
,Recommended,237850,12689041,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Boegame,"Amazing adventure game with modern desing combined with some old-school point and click item puzzles and a vivid, well-crafted story, characters and enviorments (spent 2 hours just exploreing Propast). A great continuation of The Longest Journey saga."
,Recommended,237850,13010714,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Fuzzy Wuzzy,Feels like coming home.  The next chapter can't come soon enough.  Maybe we won't have to wait 8 years this time?
76561198057602595,Recommended,237850,12715193,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mythoria,"I'm totally stunned. I've found Dreamfall : The longest Journey 2013 in steam summer sale, and thought I should get it and have a try, could be nice - within 10 minutes I was totally fallen in love with the game. this year I bought and played The longest Journey (14 years old, pixelated graphics, but such an epic story, I couldn't stop ^^ ) and I literally screamed of joy when I saw Dreamfall Chapters was available to buy (after a long wait on my wish list) and I was so happy to finally start playing.Those graphics feel so epic, in my very own opinion, they can surely be a patch on other AAA Games released in this year (Despite some little bugs, which are in EVERY game !)Right at the beginning you're fully pulled into the story, you feel along with the characters, it feels for me as I would be in this world by myself.Still, it's just the first book with two chapters, but I knew from the first minute (as I am such a big fan of Zoe), that I love this game, and yes, I do. I'm really curious about how it goes on.For everyone, who likes the first and / or the second title of the series it is a 100% must.For all others, who like adventures, there is no way around this game - but I still recommend the first and the second title, first to know the story ( otherwise you'd be having some big question marks in your head) and second, they are fun too, doesn't matter how old they are.I rate this game 10/10 and it is my personal Game of the year 2014"
76561198012627182,Recommended,237850,12680839,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Draken/Eitan,Excellent game and a worthy continuation of a complex and rather curious story. I cant wait to see how this pans out. And I hope there will be many episodes in this before its over.Developer quickly addressed issues with performance in the game and overall I am impressed by the speed in which this was done.
,Recommended,237850,12688776,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ABTurtle,"*clears throat* HELL YES!!!!. If you've played through the previous dreamfall game this is a must. If you haven't, play the first game and get this one (otherwise you will feel a little lost). It refines and improves the mechanics from the previous dreamfall game immensley and is just so well written... can't wait for episode 2."
76561197983020621,Recommended,237850,12703232,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PeterTheGeek,"This game is still very much a graphical adventure game.  The multipath aspects of the game play add to the fun of choosing the path you believe in.  Still wondering what I did is going to effect the game in latter installments.The artwork is great, some very talented people worked on this game and it show.  Who knew you could have so much fun welding!Please remember that this game is getting released in episode format.  This first book is about a 4 - 5 hour play-though.  All the episodes are included for the one price."
76561198057333467,Recommended,237850,13845196,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,deadlystar,"I want a refund :(Even though i would recomend buying this game WHEN IT IS FULLY RELEASED!Really loved the other games and couldn't wait for this one, did not realise it was being relesed in books tho.Playing book one felt like the old dream chronicles games and I enjoyed the wrorld and characters...but it is far too short! Would rather have saved my £23 and put it towards the full game!Gameplay was glitchy and cut sceens were laggy.Will not be buying anymore books untill the full game is released."
76561198127044803,Recommended,237850,29195398,Posted: 11 January,all,Sinon,"I've never played such a well written story game before and when I saw how pretty the game I was immediately hooked! I've played the game for many hours and it's easily my number one on steam. It even made me get the previous 2 games and they're fantastic aswell.If you're into games like Life is strange then this is definitely worth picking up because you can explore alot more and there are hidden puns aswell.I've got nothing bad to say about Dreamfall Chapters.Apart from the story, The soundtracks are amazing aswell and you'll easily get attached to the characters!The game has replay potential since the choices affect minor things if you wish to explore every posibility."
76561198249662798,Not Recommended,237850,19758351,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kittiey13,"I'm loving the storyline, when I purchased it - seemed very promising from all the reviews and everything but my games been incredibly lagging? It's nearly impossible to do much of anything- I don't know what's wrong , is it due to a recent update? This is the first game I've had issues with"
76561198201882979,Not Recommended,237850,18100133,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,lizzie,"i am stuck, i have aglitch were i can not pick up the pilllow i need. so end of game for me, cant get a refund and cant get any help.tried re-installing but no."
,Not Recommended,237850,17599010,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SpinDreams,"So dreamy I almost fell asleep... Seriously I hope it gets better it is literally the most boring game I have played in ages. Stupid puzzles that don't make sense. One task was to find someone within propast with no clue as to where they might be, I literally ran around for an hour before finding them in a side street, that's not game play that's idiotic.... Even though I am a big fan of the originals I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,237850,24216102,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Frutre,"This is a god-awful game that destroys the best story I've ever seen in a game. It's a 25-hour long badly made cutscene interrupted by countless loading screens. The sad part is, there is much humour and some good puzzles here. And a great story. But the game is so bad. So sad. This would have been a great book. It is not. A book, that is. It's a game. A terrible game."
76561198277715739,Recommended,237850,33098628,Posted: 1 July,all,Hibachi for Lunch,great
76561198045847337,Recommended,237850,13647755,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,unknowncontrol,"matches expectations.and a bit more.not sure about the ""choice"" update notifications throughout the game, though.i don't care about being bothered by game statistics - just let me play the game - thank you.it's a bit of a downer as it tends to wake you up from the emmersive fantastic story.that being said - that would be the only remark of this awesome game.p.s. don't follow the robot too closely as he will break your quest directions and lets you wait &^*@$ for nothing because the official quest info is way too ambiguous/ general.9.5/ 10"
,Recommended,237850,13507688,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,cozmec,Good old times!Cant wait for book 2
,Recommended,237850,13841430,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Reflection,"This game has a rich story. What's even better is that you have multiple opportunities to make your own choices. And with some of your choices, there will be consequences to follow. It's definitely a game I would recommend picking up."
,Recommended,237850,19965357,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Thorns,Best Running Simulator 2015 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,237850,23644971,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Omen UK,"I wrote a rather critical, reactionary review to Dreamfall Chapters having had early problems with the game, and  to say that was an over-reactio would be an understatement, so here is a proper review of the game.At the time of typing this review I have only clocked up five hours in-game, I say only because honestly with the very minor problems I experienced early on, exploring, getting it wrong and trying to work out the minor puzzles I've probably taken a little longer than most, and you know what, ignoring those minor problem, the early and unnecesary complaints, I have had a hell of a lot of fun playing this Dreamfall Chapters.Having not played any of the previous games in the series I was a little unsure what to expect but when I truly got into the game, after a couple of chapters, not only was I deeply enamoured with the story, characters, humor and story but the gameplay too, it isn't something I would normally enjoy this much but honestly it's one of the best games I have played in a long while, it seems to have that 'it' that can make a game your not expecting much from stand out, that is to say it surprizes you by just how good it  is.Now if you have played previous games in this series you will probably already know what to expect and so will have bought this game on the strength of just how good the previous games were but for anyone that has never played one of the Dreamfall related games before I can't recommend this game enough, it is not just well worth the money but well worth the time you will spend playing this and no doubt re-playing it to see where the different decisions you can make in game take you.5/5 - well worth buying."
,Not Recommended,237850,24261475,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sam,"Let me review this with as much variety in dialogue as the game has.Tedious.Tedious.Tedious.Tedious.I'm sure there is an interesting story under it all but my lord it is so unbelievably repetitive, tired trope that are beaten like a dead horse, making your character an idiot just so the other character have to say things that are not remotely needed to be said (and never things that do). Making you pick a choice 4 times to just listen to dialogue for no reason. Some of the tropes like having a nervous girl repeating ""hello"" 50 times might have been cute, if it was already so overused by the second book you just want everyone to shut up and let you find the actual game to play under all this tedious dialogue and overly meticulous exposition.Disclaimer:I am only in book two and I wonder if I'll bother to finish this, but I had bought this game only because I heard it was brave enough to have a gay main character...then again when they even write such a character from what I've heard there is nothing of it and you only get a choice to kiss the opposite sex multiple times, whats the point, if that's true then it's inclusivity to use for advertisement, without risk and should not have been rewarded, especially if other reviews are to be believe, that they flipped flopped on this character so much...maybe we'll see and I'll update this but frankly I'm regretting purchasing this game right now and potentially rewarding such cheap exploitation, and not quite sure I could stomach more of the tedious dialogue to possible discover an interesting written gay character, if what I have seen so far holds true, then that will not be the case anywayAlso note: And I just left a positive review on The Technomancer after finishing it in 50 hours which everyone else calls tedious, when this managed to feel unbearably so in 8 hours."
76561198035316696,Not Recommended,237850,24227400,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Robin2066,"Considering the full version of the game had it's premiere quite a long time ago now, I am wondering how is it possible for it to be still so buggy.I Didn't go far because of the details ...I compare what to do with ""walkthrough online""- firstly I didn't get to have a possibility to have a mission of saving the falling woman or a man from car crash or something like that.- secondly I can NOT grab broom and pillow (like it is described in a walkthrough) maybe because the small guy who saved me is not comming up in the stairs and just waiting (I don't know for what).This is all for now."
,Not Recommended,237850,13370897,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,cephissus,"Maybe it will get better in later books, maybe I've just grown older, maybe it's just plain bad...The first ""book"" is full of extremely tedious exposition.  Zoe's musings are interesting but the whole thing ultimately feels childish and boring.  Characters drone on and on about boring political nonsense, and nothing interesting happens.  The graphics are unbelievably bad -- it looks worse than the first Dreamfall, all things considered.  The subject matter is too ""serious"" to match the primitive puzzles, aesthetic designs, etc.  Zoe runs too slow.  The episodic format is inherently bad.I could go on, but what's the point... this series has fallen a LONG way from The Longest Journey.  The first Dreamfall was still pretty good; this one is just tiresome."
,Not Recommended,237850,16714513,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Terak,"Another pretentious and ""progressive"" game that focuses on pushing developer's political and social agenda instead of fixing basic issues such as:Terrible and unstable framerateAtrocious draw distancesTextures flickeringCringeworthy animationsOverall poor performance on my modern rigThe lack of facial animationMediocre voiceactingBoring and easy puzzlesRecycling of same locations up to 3 timesUnremarkable charactersVery poor pacing, nothing could happen literally for hoursThe fact that your choices does not matter at allLong development cycles (4-6 months between episodes)Some parts of the story contradict The Longest Journey and DreamfallOverall, very mediocre game that wasted couple of hours of my time. This is in no way a worthy successor to The Longest Journey or Dreamfall."
76561198160567753,Not Recommended,237850,12990361,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,bnewcol,"I was hoping for more.  The language in this game really bothered me....and to use the ""c"" word?  Really?  Too much swearing.  Too much dialogue.  Needs an interactive map (not one you talk to, but can click on and it takes you there).  I think I spent a total of 1.5 hours in game time running trying to find people and getting lost.  And even tho they have a ""map"" you can consult, it is still difficult to determine which level something is on, the map does not show 3 levels.  Also, the journal will flash alerting you to consult it, but when you do, nothing new is there, so I don't know the point of that.  If it's meant for you to go back to previous entries to find something related, when you open the journal, it should take you to the page they want you to read.This is no ""Longest Journey"" unfortunately.  These things and the fact that you have to wait for the rest of the game leaves me not so enthusiastic.  I wanted to like it, I really did."
,Not Recommended,237850,29095872,Posted: 7 January,all,Cercyn,"Before buying this product, I suggest filling entirely the following checklist.Do you like Telltale games?Have you played the prequels?Don't you mind if the whole story is at the verge of propaganda concerning progressivism, activism and far-left ideals?Don't you mind if the characters are a bit bland, and do not fit the characters that you met in the prequels?Aren't you inconvenienced by plotholes and bad lipsync? Subtitles that do not match with what the characters say?The best point of this created universe is the fantasy world and the dystopian environment that is truly astounding. But for me, that doesn't cover the fact that the game is constantly trying to push progressivism propaganda down your throat."
76561198031141181,Not Recommended,237850,30956087,Posted: 4 April,all,stekkos,"Not what it advertises! Amazing detailed locations, great voice acting, nice character variety but no real options. Major flaw for a game that makes you think you can choose what the outcome of the story would be.All options are an illusion. Small things change but no effect on the story whatsoever. And the worst is that they could so easily have those options included. Many of the descisions you have to make have the ability to change the story dramatically but for some reason the developers decided not to allow that. Instead they find a way to bring the story back to the same result. Most of the time your choices will just determine which person will die.So it is a great story, just dont buy this expecting a choose your own adventure or even a point and click adventure. Its an interactive linear-ish fairytale."
,Not Recommended,237850,15447073,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,mimocrocodile,"I loved Dreamfall: Longest Journey. Not only because of it's beautifully told and truly epic story, but because the way it was told. I've never had a reason to look for a guide in this game, every action was logical to me and every puzzle was intrically woven into the game, it all felt natural.Sadly, i can't tell the same about Dreamfall: Chapters, ""What the hell they were thinking""-syndrome is here, when you have to trace designer's train of thought and you terribly fail at it, succeding only by blind ""click everything"" or reading guides.I won't be playing this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,237850,19739886,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dead_alewives,"I am a huge fan of the Longest Journey series. I've played through the first two games multiple times. I love those games- that's why it was such a shock to me when I started playing Dreamfall: Chapters and discovered how mediocre its story is, how extremely slow paced its narrative is AND the fact that it was written and directed by the same guy.I've played the first four, of what I believe, is a planned five part series and so far the story hasn't really gone much of anywhere. Those first four ""books"" just feel like they're nothing but build up for whatever happens in book five. And if the story keeps moving the way it has been, the ending is most likely going to be pretty disappointing.Development has been slow as well. It's been over a year since the first book was released and Book 4 only came out recently. If it keeps up like this, we probably won't see book 5 until spring of 2016.I paid 40 bucks for this game before even the first book was released because I had faith in the team that was working on it. I was mistaken, and this will be the last episodic game I pay for before all the episodes (or books, or whatever) are released. I'm not recommending this game for the price that they're asking. If you see it marked down to 10 bucks (and you're a big Longest Journey fan), give it a shot. Otherwise, there are much better adventure games out there...like ""The Longest Journey"", for example."
76561198119950720,Not Recommended,237850,19224979,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Glitch,"A great game, my only problem is lip synchronization needs a lot of work. It is driving me crazy, hopefully they can get it fixed for the next game. Also a lot of glitches, meaning that I had to go back on saves after spending ages trying to work out what was happening, alongside constantly stopping in the middle of something to warp to an area because you are talking to a person, I really think it could have done with a bit more fine tuning."
,Not Recommended,237850,26218235,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"there is much of of this game than meets the eye.i like the story setting which you play as both character, one is from a cyberpunk world and one on alien unknow world.it is much more like a glorify walking simulator+telltell game to me. but it is different in some aspect.you have a lot of choice making in this game that lead you to uncertainty of the story.the game have it's fair share of flaws, mostly the physics in the game.their speech patern are kinda off sometimes and the movement are awkward. the objective text are the smallest in anygame i play that make me wanted to sit infront of my pc more since i use my wireless steam controller to play.the game has no minimap as well which tend to make you lost your way and objective of the game is not very clear either. overall i vouch for the story only,the rest of the game has it own potential to shine.i would recommend to get it on sell though even the game has so much content.i actually have to go to gamefaqs to see the walktrough in order to get past chapter by chapter.the side mission though are quite boring to begin with which they also did not give the hint quite cleary. overall my verdict is get the game on sale for cheap,read through the faq first before you play. it gets even confusing about the objective if you do not know what or where to find it. oh yes sometimes the map pointer are a bit off too."
76561198094675316,Recommended,237850,17389456,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,Zoë's butt gets me harder than Nirgali steel.
76561197983336071,Not Recommended,237850,28464944,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MrLincoln,"Chapter releases were so far apart I forgot what I'd done.  Now that all are released it may be OK to buy.  Now it added e-mail logins and my game progess has been lost, start over sucker.  Deleting from steam now."
,Not Recommended,237850,20156421,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,svalentinx,"The story and setting has a lot of potential, but the way it's told drags the game down. It's a series of cliffhangers and slow controls.I've glued my shift key down so the characters can run all the time. I've never found myself wishing they'd walk instead of run, but I certainly wished they ran with more spirit!It's not just the characters that are slow, it's the story too. We spent one full chapter in the daily life of Zoe, and how she buys dinner or prepares dinner, or gossips with some guy or another. Is this really the epic story we want to see? It's just fluff that could easily be removed or replaced with something a tad bit more interesting.As it is, most of the game is padded with fluff to make it take way more time than it needs to. Speed up the running, make the animations more fluid, clean up the boring story parts, don't force me to run from A to B to A to C, and the game will be a lot more enjoyable."
76561198262562204,Not Recommended,237850,20051676,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NotThatSerious,"Long story short: I played The Longest Journey and Dreamfall... absolutely loved them. I don't really feel the same way about this sequel. Basically: there's more story and cut scenes and less actual gameplay than the last few games. I'm 3 chapters in and I still feel like I've done nothing but watch a movie. Yes, you make ""choices"" throughout the game, but honestly I don't see much of a difference between choices half the time. I just end up clicking through. So far, no combat of any sort. Just a lot of talking... I'm pretty bored and disappointed."
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,237850,20897203,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,KasperKyd,"Gameplay is almost missing from this game, story is confusing though it's clearer at the last chapter but still too much.. I always prefered a remaster of The longest Journey..The only thing I like in this game is playing it with a 3DVision and that even is with a patch."
,Not Recommended,237850,19653974,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,PMA,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Giff CHAPTER 5
76561198024706112,Not Recommended,237850,18103776,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Positive Vibration,5/10You don't really get to enjoy the story. Instead you get the chance to be annoyed like hell by:- Walking around without any visible objectives (and getting lost)-♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance and clunkiness- Listening to stupid dialogs
76561198119671984,Not Recommended,237850,24036616,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lycaonia,"Worst lip sync I've ever seen in a game this new. Also, there is some engine lags in the character movement.The story is great, but the idea was badly executed. I expected much more."
76561198046158097,Not Recommended,237850,24089710,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Drizzit,The character walks so slow. It takes forever to get anywhere. The missions are mind numbingly boring and easy. I was fooled by all of the good reviews into buying this game. You may also regret buying this game.
,Not Recommended,237850,24837189,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Unconquered,Very boring. Big let down for the franchise. Before there was interesting story and interesting puzzles. Now that is replaced with more vulgarity than a sailor could tollerate and no story at all. Hardly got started and quite the game. What a waste of money.
76561198091857749,Recommended,237850,21723844,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,charli2delta,"Good graphics, happy to see it released after a long wait"
76561198016006222,Recommended,237850,22907550,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Agahmoyzen,"I absuletly loved the longest journey and really liked this one. One thing I find sad is that the longest journey was spread into more locations and this one mostly goes on only in a couple of locations. The fight system is completely removed, maybe it's because of the lower budget or other mechanic issues. Though I didn't find this problematic because it didn't really fit in with the rest of the game in longest journey either."
76561198091119673,Recommended,237850,12682675,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mediv,"Let's start from the start. When after frist time when i reached the end - my feelings were confusing. On one side the story what i adore so much is finally here, but on other side it was too short, some frame rates issues, shortly not so much fun as i expected.  I soon in found out why it didn't work from first time.when i replayed first 2 games (the longest journey, and dreamfall) and started to play chapters again i finally got my wonderful feelings about this universe again.  And mostly what i love, love, love in this game is atmosphere, graphic, MUSIC , AND FINALLY STORY.    after years i almost fogot how deepy it can touch.   I can say so far, in my opinion it is the one of the BEST story in the history of all advanture game.   This game is difficult to describe, it is better to feel it. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED."
76561198093647569,Recommended,237850,13441807,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,furon34ba,"Meh, the game goes like this.Mash Buttons, move mouse around, mash buttons, oh don't forget about the space bar. Sigh, le board...."
76561198034778658,Recommended,237850,12687239,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,rlepej,"Let me get the dislikes out of the way. Obviously, it was way too short. Maybe the next release will contain 2 Books? The only mechanical problem I had was that in the middle of the game the video went bonkers. All I could see was various shapes like rectangles, triangles,etc. I went for a lower setting on my Nvidia card and this solved the problem immediately. This I'm sure will be addressed with fixes.  I loved this game when the original Dreamfall came out and still do. The current story is a little harder to get into but it  has much promise. Like the idea that you can see what other people decide and if you agreed. Taking the robot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, thats his name, out for a walk was really fun! The prison break made you think. All in all, not a bad game for starters. Anxious to know when the next part will come out."
,Recommended,237850,12677143,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,inf0sec,"I've always been a huge fan of ""The Longest Journey"" series since it started.  Each game significantly better than the last.  I was amazed when the sequel to Dreamfall was announced on Kickstarter and have been waiting for a sequel since the 2006 game.This game is light on puzzles, but fantastic in story and has a wonderfully deep environment to explore.  There are few performance and graphical issues at launch but they are being ironed out quickly thanks to the developers.  Highly recommended for anyone who loves story-driven games such as ""The Walking Dead"", ""Heavy Rain"" and ""The Wolf Among Us"".  Can't wait for episode 2, and please note it took me about 5 hours to complete the first episode :)"
,Recommended,237850,14261245,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,t850terminator,Not as good as TLJ. yet.But miles better than Dreamfall.
,Recommended,237850,12673364,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mr.Freak,"I've waited for this for so long! I played Dreamfall: The Longest Journey back in 2009/2010 and I loved it, in the beginning I thought it was a standalone game, but found out later that it was a sequel to ""The Longest Journey"" from 1999. So I went on playing the first game. I really thought that it was an amazing game and when Ragner Thørnquist later stated that there would be a 3rd game I couldn't raise my arms high enough. I didn't really check up on Dreamfall Chapters to hype me up, as I do with every other game because I don't want to dissapoint myself. It totally paid off in the beginning, so I started playing Dreamfall Chapters.*FROM THIS POINT IT MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS*The game has a good start, picking up and giving us a small rewind on what has happened since we left Alvane arrested for treason and Zoë in a coma. High pace of events. But then it feels like the story falls off track, or at least in my opinion, I haven't got any answers on the questions I asked myself when i completed the second game. All we know is that April Ryan is dead, Kian Alvane got arrested and is now a free man, or at least what we think, Zoë is out of her coma and got sorta back on track again. It was 2 short chapters and an interlude with a baby we know nothing about? The gameplay is great, the graphics and characters are amazing, but I think that after 8 long years of waiting (4/5 years for me) we are owed a longer book with more explanation and a longer chapter than that, because the visit at Mira's shop and helping out testing Shitbot, doesn't say anything, and feels more like waste of time when the first book is so short. I really hope that book two is longer and let's us meet up with the old faces of Arcadia and Stark, such as Cortez and Westhouse. So we finally can put the pieces together and solve this mystery once and for all."
,Recommended,237850,29597195,Posted: 30 January,all,YESSICARUTH,INTERESTING STORY. LONG GAME PLAY. WORTH THE PRICE.
76561198086509666,Recommended,237850,29026485,Posted: 4 January,all,SinisterGurl69,"Duuuude I can't explain how amazing the story line is!!! This game is so addicted, would do 10/10"
76561198028942918,Not Recommended,237850,24905392,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MutaDor,"The only thing what I wan't to write is: I CAN NOT PLAY/ FINISH THE GAME SINCE UPDATE TO BOOK FIVE AND NO ONE AT RTG OR UNITY CREATORS IS WILLING TO DO AN WORKING PATCH FOR THAT PROBLEM! I am not the only one with this problem. Some other games has problems in past, but nearly all was fixed. But not Dreamfall Chapters. All I hear in their forum is ""Sorry. We know the problem but we don't know what it is, except it is a Unity problem. So not our problem...""Sooo... for what I have paid?"
,Not Recommended,237850,13766639,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,von,"This is a partial review written after finishing ""Book One"". I sincerely hope my verdict will change after the remaining episodes have released, but I currently cannot recommend this game...I have been looking forward to this for quite some time but the experience this far has disappointed me. There is little to no gameplay present save for the conversation wheel and navigating yourself through the city of Europolis. Sure, the game is focused on story and having multiple choices that may(?) change the world around you, but I feel that all the consequences are not clear enough yet. After these first 6 hours of gameplay I have yet to see more than one obvious consequence for an action I have taken. If there are any more actual twists present, they are not clear enough to be noticeable from a single play though.Additionally, I have played both of the previous games, but I feel left out on details from the past story as I can't remember them. The recap that is present is more like a trailer and doesn't really help me remember any details outside of the main plot of the previous game (Dreamfall). The original title - The Longest Journey - is not even mentioned. I can only hope this was a ""prologue"" episode and that the rest of the story will leave enough clues for us ""vets"" to remember exactly where they left us after Dreamfall.I will be waiting for the remaining episodes and update this review in the future.== Update ===It took me two years to get me to pick up this game again and finish it. Sadly, I still can't recommend it fully.The game brings beautiful graphics and art and the story does catch you from time to time, but it's riddled with clichés and bad sex jokes (just, why?) that kinda puts you off after a while. While the characters are likable there are basically three personality types: ""the bland NPC"", ""the bubbly and awkward girl/boy"", ""the angry and bossy man/woman"".However, regardless of the various drawbacks of the story I could see myself enjoying the game if it wasn't for its complete lack of (insteresting) gameplay. The so called puzzles are usually a hide and seek game through a level, and you're sometimes not even told what you are supposed to look for. I never felt I got to crack any actual puzzles. It was more like a mindless wandering and poking everything in my way.Any ""gameplay"" outside of the puzzles and conversations are poorly demonstrated and, dare I say it, completely pointless. At one time you're even placed in a rowing boat on a rail, forced to do nothing but click the left mose button for minutes for no other reason than to progress though the game.CONCLUSION:If you're only here to know what happens in the story of 'Dreamfall' and 'The Longest Journey' and don't care about gameplay at all, go ahead and play it. But if you in any way are an avid puzzle game player, like character development and deep storylines (like 'Mass Effect' or 'Dragon Age') or if you like any kind of gameplay overall; Stay away, this game is not for you."
76561198139734137,Not Recommended,237850,12894538,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,jochen,"I played 'The longest Journey' a long time ago and I loved it. I also played 'Dreamfall' - not as good as 'The longest Journey' but I liked it. Thus I really was looking forward to play this game.Although there are things that left a good impression (I liked the dialogs) I completed book one less than four hours and the game (from my point of view at htat time) suddenly stopped, indicating that I need to wait for part two. This was both unexpected and realy disapointing. I agree that this information might have been provided somewhere (I haven't read the description before the purchase), so I dont' blame anyone for that - my fault. But honestly, book one is - from my personal point of view - not much more than the tutorial: there is not much development of the original story and the riddles are way to easy for an serious adventure game. Instead there is a strong focus on the decision making component of the game and on the introduction of the basic mechanics. I simply expected more.Although I decided that I won'trecomment this game at the moment (11.11.'14) , I will try out book two. If book two catches up with the intensity and the atmosphere of the predecessors, I will update my review."
,Not Recommended,237850,13009864,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,[.::NG::.] Cybergig22,"With a Nvidia 420 GTX card and a Nvidia 610 GT card I still cannot get this game to work, for some reason when I go to operate the game the borders for the game do not exist, I mean the ones that lock the mouse inside of the game itself, instead my mouse travels to my desktop even in full screen mode which makes gameplay impossible because you end up clicking outside of the game itself and minimize the whole thing on every action event. In my opinion this game was released buggy, still is buggy and unplayable... I don't know if anyone has had better luck but I'm giving this game a bad rating because I have not been able to play the game just because of that, there is no way for me to play the game without the game glitching out on me and from the looks of it, my cards should be able to run it."
,Not Recommended,237850,13886264,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lynshine,"Way too short and nowhere as good as the Longest Journey. I feel mildly ripped off. Game play way somewhat frustrating, and the actions of the character did not very well match what she was thinking."
76561198037330830,Not Recommended,237850,19541780,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,lindas1,"Loved The Longest Journey and Dreamfall and enjoyed the Dreamfall Chapters up to Book 4.This part of the series consists of 85% watching a story being told and 15% being able to actually particiate and interact.If I want to watch a movie, I can hire a DVD but  Book 4 was a huge let down.I feel the characters have been quickly and skimpily constructed this time and the game never gets a real grip.Just when it seems to be leading to something dramatic and action based , we are taken back to another scene . Kian does very little except push buttons .It is lacklustre, uninspiring and I finished it in a few hours of playing, unlike The Longest Journey nd Dream fall which kept me entertained and enthralled for days.I also found the colours to be very garish and odd in the first sections of playing. I couldn't get rid of bright orange and blue no matter how I calibrated.I hope Book 5 improves but I fear the chapters are  now being rushed for release and have lost the plot."
76561198220943956,Recommended,237850,22648300,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,augustowhisper,It's a professional indie game (which everyone should support indie games). The Longest Journey is a wonderful point-and-click  adventure game classic.
,Recommended,237850,12740684,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,-KV- ImpartialCrab,A reminder of how bloody lonely I am.
,Recommended,237850,29669691,Posted: 3 February,all,shtook,Zoe's butt wins everything.
,Not Recommended,237850,16715539,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,emmafire,Pretty Slow. Boring. Not much  to do .
76561198018473611,Recommended,237850,12652834,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,SnowFire,"Go buy this game so that we can get Book 2 out ASAP.Oh, the game?  Hey, it continues the plot.  Too short, though.  You should buy it so we have some more plot."
,Not Recommended,237850,22622942,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Slinky,"Annoying ""choice"" system (I don't hate this style of game, but I loved this series for the story, not my ability to change the narrative), clunky, slow movement, and unintuitive controls (using a controller). Awkward preoccupation with sex, and weird dialogue revolving around it. Offensive characters that are offensive just for the sake of being offensive. Zoe is more than a bit boring (but she wasn't exactly the most interesting part of Dreamfall, either), and Reza... ugh. Even Kian seems less interesting, and his arc was my favorite part of Dreamfall.I don't hate the game, and I've only played the first chapter, but it is nowhere near as good as the Longest Journey. Even Dreamfall was more engrossing, and it had some major failings. And yes, I just replayed both games in the past month, so they are fresh in my mind.Totally not recc'd. And this is coming from someone who has been DYING for the series to be tied up.Positives: the art direction isn't terrible. Not digging the huge eyed girls, but whatever. The dystopian future is still interesting, but it's not quite as engrossing as it was in the Longest Journey."
76561198198711177,Not Recommended,237850,22859114,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,anthony.ryan.peterlin,"First thing first. I love playing The longest Journey and Dreamfall and I played them many times, but Dreamfall chapters is totaly diffrent story. The story is great, the graphics are beautiful, but is very poorly developed, puzzles are very basic, nothing special, many times frustrating and you don't known where to look. The cities are big and many times or all the times you just walking and running through the city like a naked chicken and you don't know where to go or where find this person. The game is very bugy and frustrating. I know that I will not playing the the game in the future, like I did with The longest Journey and Dreamfall.The worrst thing in the game is autosaves. WTF. I can't save at all, why RTG why.The game is basicaly role-playing without the battle system and not the classic point and click adventure game. When I finished the book 4, I tell myself, thank you that I don't need to play this game anymore. Thank you. Many hours playing for nothing. Thank you RTG for the worst adventure game I played last 25 years. Thank you."
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,237850,13524910,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"Great return to the world and mythos. I very much enjoyed this. Why then did I give it a thumbs down? It is WAY too short. Like short short. You don't really get to experience ANY of the consequences of your actions yet and when you finish you will be going ""Well... ok... now what?"" I have a feeling by the time book two comes out, I will have forgotten much of this brief ""adventure"". Certainly not worth the money at this point. I would wait until they have many more chapters out before picking this up.Update: Now with 3 books, there may be enough content to warrant a purchase, however... I still cannot recommend. the story doesn't engage you quite as well as the original games and I just started book 3. Spent the first gods know how long on book 3 on a stupid search every nook and cranny for drawings really really annoying fetch quest. Will update again if anything changes."
,Recommended,237850,12878149,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,RaiN.,A.W.E.S.O.M.E ~
,Not Recommended,237850,16404971,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VIVacious,"I really loved The Longest Journey but it ended so abruptly and took so many years for the company to release the Chapters that it's very disappointing. The try-hard ""funny"" dialogue seems very forced and over the top in Book One compared to TLJ. The small quests given are rather tedious and take longer than they should to be completed. Disappointing to say the least after waitiing YEARS for this release. I will write more as I complete more ""Books"" as I still have Book Two to complete. But so far this is a huge let-down and really makes me mad. This game has so much potential, I hope they don't f*#! it up a second time."
76561197971941549,Not Recommended,237850,16712120,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Person,Wait for a discount. There is nothing spectacular about this game.
,Not Recommended,237850,15320282,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GooseAttack,"There are two very engaging plot structures at play in this game; a mystery construction of pipes in the magical realm and an epic political/corporate conspiracy in the technological one, and the desire to see where these went (coupled with some fond memories of The Longest Journey) was what kept me playing. And then it ended quite suddenly, without any form of denouement or resolution, which is solely the reason for my 'not recommended' -- the feeling that stuck with me as the credits rolled being ""was that it?"". The nature of episodic content is to string you out as long as possible so I wasn't expecting everything to be laid out in front of me, but I was expecting something.There are also a bunch of design decisions that didn't sit well with me. Zoe (one of the main protagonists) is an incredibly well rounded, emotional, likeable, believable character with some fantastic dialogue, and playing as her is fun, rewarding, and easily the high point of the game, and it's worth playing for this alone (though was it really necessary to see her in her underwear so prominently? Just because it was in the first game doesn't mean you've got to put it in the sequel). However, it causes a rather jarring discontinuity when you're presented the muscly hunk of the second protagonist Kian, who is as generic as they come and has all the personality and humour of a plank of wood with a serious face painted on it. If they were trying to make a point about the opposing nature of the two main characters then it is poorly made, as the opposite of an interesting character does not need to be a boring one. Playing as Kian was a deeply tedious experience.There are only two main environments (one per character) and while they look pretty nice at first, they're less appealing after the fifth time trudging through them, and it's a far cry from the feeling of adventure and discovery in the previous games. At one point a bunch of paths in the technological overworld get closed off, which serves no point other than to be annoying as you can still get everywhere, you just need to take an even longer route. The magical world's equivalent to this is to feature the most epically terrible stealth puzzle the world has ever seen -- something which the designers attempt to hang a lantern on with a 'so you thought there wouldn't be stealth, but there is and you suck at it' achievement, which is a joke in somewhat poor taste considering how badly the puzzle is designed, and how completely unecesscary it is.Sadly it's not the only bit of questionable design. There's a big thing about how your choices shape the story, but the choices you're presented with are so highly ambiguous that you might as well flip a coin for them, and then you're told in big letters THIS WAS IMPORTANT. THIS PERSON WILL REMEMBER. What, so all the other stuff I've been doing isn't important? The rest of my interactions are forgettable? The mechanic appears to be that these choices shift the gameplay in some manner, but they can't shift it too much as the story has to follow the same overall arc, so it comes across as kind of pointless. All it means is that you're guaranteed to be denied some content -- some of the walkthroughs I looked at referred to puzzles and sections that I never got to see. Adventure games don't have a terribly high replay value, so all this achieved was making me feel that I'd missed out. The choices feel very unsatisfying, and I think it's because they're trying to make them shape the story rather than the character. In Mass Effect (which I consider to be the gold standard for choice-based gameplay) the choices you make have little to no impact on the main story, but they have a massive effect on how you view your character, and while they may have had minor gameplay implications you didn't feel that you'd missed out on anything, but that's a roleplaying game where the development of your character is important to you. Here there aren't any roleplaying elements, and the choices you're forced to make don't develop your character in any way as the game will rationalise them so that the character you've been given remains consistent.And then there are bits where the illusion of choice comes crashing down -- there's one bit where you have to chase after a character, but you're not in time to catch them. Only this is in an overworld, so you have the option of buggering off somewhere else. It's okay, they'll wait for you. You can even work your way around and approach them from the front -- but the game then begins its cutscene with you running up behind them.There are some profoundly interminable cutscenes, invariably of people talking to each other - I was playing on a laptop and there were several times where the screensaver kicked in due to the lack of input, which made me wonder a bit if the creators would have preferred to make a film. It's also distinctly tonally inconsistent. Sometimes it's lighthearted and funny, sometimes it's serious and drab and sometimes there are bits that make me think 'really? was that entirely necessary?'.There are some interesting moments, and it's possible that once it's complete I'll revisit it with a different opinion, but as it stands I don't feel it a story worth the time it takes to tell."
,Not Recommended,237850,15825785,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dr. Horrible,"You like politics in your games? About 3.5 hours in I got some in this game. It may be a good game, politics turned me off."
76561198092004693,Not Recommended,237850,30101689,Posted: 22 February,all,junkstarter ジャンク！,"A huge let down for the series.  No conclusions or story development that would explain anything that happened before. The ""game"" is merely a propaganda tool, white people are bad, men are bad, and all the characters have been retconned into being homosexual."
76561198176443223,Not Recommended,237850,14229572,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,zackcourt,"I just finished Dreamfall last night and bought this right away, I was so excited to play. Unfortunately, It is so slow, I am unable to continue with the game. I tried my laptop as well, but equally slow. The other games worked fine...pity. Is there a settings fix I am unaware of? I can't recommend it at this time."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,237850,15158685,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Revixy,"while having played the past two games before the chapters were ever announced back in the 90'es.I thought this had potential, but it seems that this game is far from polished and lacks everything a modern game should have.This was a huge disappointment and quite frankly a waste of money.2.0/10.Since I did buy it, I'll try and cope with it, but I will never recommend this game to anyone, in fact I'd try and stear anyone who asks about this game, away from it."
,Recommended,237850,12662072,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ramkosh,Deeply mesmerizing experience. Must have.
76561197971132392,Recommended,237850,12616776,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Alimba,"It sure worth the time and the money to play this game, and allow me to say, it continues the story in a very nice way! :D"
,Recommended,237850,29502134,Posted: 26 January,all,Hypodermic_Sally,Pro's: The whole game.
76561198031208547,Not Recommended,237850,17447803,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,buttwife,"It's an Adventure game in the classic tradition; heavy on the story, light on the gameplay, point and click. It's got all that and for a while it's actually pretty interesting. However, there aren't really any puzzles in the game, it's more errand running to move the story along - which is fine if you like the ambiance.One problem is the way developers sought to slow players progression. Repeatedly, the game will tell you a general goal (""get into X"" or ""find a Y"") and then nothing. Only 30 minutes later (or after checking a FAQ) do you find that the innocuous flavor NPC on a side street ACTUALLY has a new interaction that, when used in the right place, allows you to progress. Nothing will hint that this, you're just expected to click everything again to find it.What got me to uninstall this game though was the hamfisted moral choice-consequence system. Spoilers -- but there's a segment where you're given a choice to Torture or Blackmail a person. Despite the illusion of choice; TORTURE is considered CORRECT. If you don't torture a certain NPC, people will die and then blame you. They will then explain to you how torture is more reliable than blackmail / interrogation. (screenshot:http://nitecrew.biz/images/2015-08-08_00001.jpg)I don't care if there's supposed to be some long-haul lesson about complex morality; torture is always wrong and I can't recommend any media that argues otherwise."
,Not Recommended,237850,21047693,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HugJug,"I got this game because I am a fan of adventure point and clicks and secondly to finish ""The Longest Journey"" storyline.Gameplay-----------------Pros:- Very user friendly controls- A few puzzlesCons:- Only a few small puzzles- Inventory system is hardly usedStory and Graphics--------Pros:- Very emotional with a lot of mystery- Beautiful graphics to illustrate what is going on- Get to make small decisions in the story lineCons:- Too much switching back and forth between characters- Models are well done but animations are very poor- Decisions you make seem meaningless"
76561198046675266,Recommended,237850,23996944,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dustin,"An amazing sequel to Dreamfall: The Longest Journey.Amazing visuals, better gameplay, overall just an awesome job!Only complaint is the dialogue could use a lot more work, I think it was really poorly done.Overall very enjoyable.8/10"
76561198089857707,Recommended,237850,12605294,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Lil Wil,Mind blowing sequal i recomend this to everyone to have your mind transported.
,Recommended,237850,12615539,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,marek.bernat,"I was quite shocked that Book One ended so quickly, I was expecting a little bit more, especially from our beloved Arcadia. Don't get me wrong, the world is absolutely amazing, graphics is stunning and attention to detail is breathtaking. It shows where most of the work on the game was spent. Unfortunately this over-attention to detail also means that there is hardly any storyline and the puzzles were trivial and not very ingenious. For the future installments I'd appreciate if the team focused more on the actual gameplay rather than raw graphics (however impressive it is). I feel like the original spirit of TLJ is slowly disappearing.7/10"
76561197991380227,Recommended,237850,12675769,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Muxo,I like it but is too short I played it for a few hours. Also has a few bugs which slow me down to finish the game with an hour.The Graphic is very good. I hope next chapters of the game will be free and I will not pay more to play it.
,Recommended,237850,12702257,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Swirlee,Excellent. Can't wait for chapter 2.
76561198125244926,Recommended,237850,12740808,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nel,Excellent. So nice to return in the world of dreamfall.
76561198033513881,Recommended,237850,12725050,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,David Lim,If you like Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us... then you will love this as well.
76561198037655815,Recommended,237850,12729080,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Charles Lyle LaRue,This 8 years was worth it!
76561198151931380,Not Recommended,237850,28232401,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,crazy4science994,"Its FPS drops to like 3 in the prologue so I haven't even gotten past that in an hour and half cause I've been tinkering with the settings. my laptop has ran other similar games just fine (dragon age inquisition, assassins creed IV, mass effect 3) so I am completely unsure of what  it wants from me. I even set all the visuals on as low as I could, still no positive outcome. It's been years since its release so would've thought any bugs it had would have been ironed out. other wise the story looks promising.Not everyone seems to have this problem though, so really it depends. My laptop is a generic, not at all gaming optimized acer aspire E1-571, but that didn't seem to be an issue for the other games."
76561198055153085,Not Recommended,237850,34855955,Posted: 10 September,all,zstiber,"1. After 0.8 hours of playing I got a situation where the game permanently freezing, always at the same point. This is the only one about latest and older games, so I would not suspect any configuration weaknesses or errors of my machine... who knows maybe there will be a patch later...2. That relative small amount of time was spent with dialogs which are almost leading me crazy... Even if you know what you have to do, you have to go through the same dialogs with only small changes to let the possibility appear that you can do the action what is necessary - so your main weapon is the proper sequence of sentences and your required values here are the patience and verbosity (i.e. the ability to talk about things you don't have a clue, otherwise)."
76561198071569575,Recommended,237850,29624957,Posted: 1 February,all,mathias.permlid,An amazing end in my favourite adventure game series :)
76561197975532010,Not Recommended,237850,31088269,Posted: 11 April,all,PeerKhan,"Really liked The Longest Journey.  I've never played the original Dreamfall, but you didn't have to to enjoy the sequel.  I'm a big fan of adventure games and was excited to get back into this series..  I haven't gotten very far into it, but dang, it feels overly convoluted.  WAY too much running around doing drawn out very boring jobs, and that stupid robot got under my skin so much I couldn't continue.  I might try to pick it back up later and perhaps revise my review, but where I stand right now I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,237850,22062970,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Coyote,"You start in some kind of dreamworld. Your comatoese self lying on a bed, the dreaming (?) you walking around. The game tells me that I can look at things by pressing A. So I look at the bed and some things around it. Several times. I can't leave the place. There is no telling what to do. After walking around in the very small area for twenty minutes I happen to move close enough to the border and I can see a ""trapped dreamer"" and is able to leave the bed scene.Now I am at a very small bridge. Someone falls past the bridge. Several times. The game tells me that I can track the falling person by pressing X. So I do that. The person keeps falling. I try to press A and the game tells me that the person falls to fast. No hint, no nothing. The person keeps falling and I keep tracking her. I am getting very anoyed so I press X and A repeatedly when the person falls past the bridge for like the hundreth time. That helps, a new menu appears and I am able to slow down time. Maybe the game should have told me that it is possible to get a new menu and not just tell med that I can press X?Well, it doesn't help much anyway. The controls are weird ant it takes med 10+ tries before I am able to catch the falling person. The trapped dreamer disappers, I on the other hand, is still trapped on the very small bridge. But I have learned that I should move close to the edges of scenes to get to new locations and I am able to move to a dreamer trapped in darkness. But it is too late. I am anoyed and bored. I try to help the dreamer for a few minutes but controls are not very helpful and the story fails to drag me in.I really liked the first two games and I was really hoping to get a conclusion to the story but I will probably never play the game again."
76561198031680406,Not Recommended,237850,24324940,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,civilization,"I can't in good conscience give this a positive review for a few reasons:The second worst thing is that the items you can identify change. You can walk past something you'll need in a few seconds time and it won't even show. Then once you've done something else it will show, but by that time you've mentally discarded the place the object you'll need is in, considering it empty. That makes some of the puzzles annoying.There are also places where some of the characters involved with the puzzles suddenly become so stupid that they'll do something that you've ruled out as ""too stupid"". That also makes the game almost impossible in places. Once you solve those you'll want to reach through the screen and strangle the developers.Some of the items are a bit too difficult to find in the huge environments (compared to similar two dimensional games) – It's like they didn't adjust to the larger scale.Another thing I don't like is the lack of autorun. The jogging speed of the characters isn't fast and the maps are large and in places confusing, so it gets physically straining on my fingers to navigate. I must have covered miles by now, all of it straining to hold the mouse buttons down.However, the worst thing about the game is that it's a beautiful mess. The developers have barely tacked the 2.1 threads together and it's done very poorly. The end is probably the most disappointing end to a game I've ever seen. It shows an immense lack of imagination, not in the broad theme of what's going on, which is cool, but in translating that into integration between the threads. Given what is going on they could have had a lot more fun with it, but they didn't, so while the story goes from the banal to the sublime the gameplay remains 99% banal.The overall impression is of poor overall planning.It's so disappointing when the people with the funding to make a huge game like this, with such immense potential, manage to mess it up so badly."
76561197963544661,Not Recommended,237850,24034581,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Krushmeat,"I can't recommend this game at all. I played both of the previous titles, and they were great. This one is problematic, starting with the fact that I saved my game (caution: spoilers) at waking Zoe, then could not get back to that position in the game when I restarted and loaded the latest save. Considering how little there was to do, and how much dialog I had to just sit through, it didn't feel much like a game at all. It was boring, and sitting through another half hour of the exact same dialog, because the game didn't take me back to where I left off, completely soured me on the experience. Perhaps some day I'll return, but as it stands now, I'm very disappointed, even though I got it on sale."
76561198039605501,Not Recommended,237850,23797275,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,wanibal,"Maybe the story is good. Maybe. I'll never know. I just could not play more than 4 hours of this game. It just wastes your time: looking for objects hidden in the environment, walking long distances from one place to another, endless and pointless dialogues. irritating voices and characters, etc. Seriously, this game is completely empty. I'll now get a book for a good story while downloading a next game."
,Recommended,237850,12789031,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GERTY,crème de la crème
,Not Recommended,237850,34242805,Posted: 14 August,all,Otto Von Autobahn,"Played for a while, wasn't really enjoying it but decided to slug through, then finally quit playing altogether. About halfway through I realized that the plot was boring and none of the characters were compelling. There was almost nothing stringing me along to keep me playing. Almost nothing interesting had happened and I had no reason to care.If you haven't played the previous games, this one really leaves you out in the cold. There's a ""The Story So Far"" feature, but it doesn't give you any more backstory than what you receive in the game. Are you supposed to get excited when you see characters from the previous games? That could be a reason I didn't find it as exciting, but on the other hand none of those characters did anything interesting so I don't see the point."
,Not Recommended,237850,13685587,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wang,"An OK game with an interesting concept and setting. Such a deep game/story suffers from them making this a ""chapter to chapter"" release. It makes the first chapter unfulfilling with so many unknowns and mysteries after you finish that leaves a very unsatisfying aftertaste. The flow of the story with the gameplay is also a bit off with some sections feeling drawn out and boring."
,Recommended,237850,23508480,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BatteryDie,*Thumbs up*From Dreamfall The Longest Journey player.
76561198113232265,Not Recommended,237850,13510785,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Profile Named,Could have been interesting but it was short and boring. It wasnt worth what i paid for it.
,Not Recommended,237850,16405359,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jeN7,"Based on the video, images, and reviews, I honestly thought I would love this game.Ha, NOPE!Almost 60-minutes in and I am literally pulling my hair our ranting about this game to my boyfriend.  Not only is it extremely linear, but it is mind-numbing.  I have learned absolutely nothing about the game nor the characters.  All I do know is that it's very one-way.  Do this.  Do this.  Do this.  DON'T THINK ABOUT EXPLORING--It's not happening!  Or at least it hasn't yet.Oh and tutorials?  What are is this thing you speak of?  They don't exist.  I have no idea what I'm doing to the point where I, in frustration, button mash with the hopes of magically clicking on or doing the right thing.Seriously though, it doesn't explain how to interact with the world.  Yes, in theory, it's straightforward.  But in reality?  It's harder than it looks.  For example, right off the bat, someone is falling.  There's no tutorial to show you how to use your powers.  There's nothing that says, ""HEY, LOOK AT HER AND CLICK A!""  No, that would make too sense.  It would rather have you frantically look around for a stick, rope, ladder--whatever to save this falling person's life.  Sadly, no such thing exists so you just feel like you've failed the world.When you eventually realize that A is the only button worth using (assuming you're using an Xbox controller), you think to yourself, ""God, I'm dumb.""  No, you're really not.  The game really just wants to make you figure everything out on your own.  Which is fine and dandy but... no.  I want to have fun.  Not throw my controller across the room because I failed to save the falling woman 20 times!  Yes, 20 times.  I swear, if we weren't in dreamworld, she would be dead.Mechanics aside, the main character is annoying.  WHY DO YOU USE THE SAME LINE 100 TIMES?!  Like, yes, we get it.  The dream machine is bad.  CAN YOU BE ORIGINAL!?  How old are you?  5?  Because you honestly sound 5.  Not only that, but she's extremely judgmental.  And, from the sounds of it, she's saved the world before.  SO WHY IS SHE BEING SO EDGY?!  Like, ooooh, the world is calling upon you to save them again.  Better be salty as f--- so everyone knows I'm really just a teenage girl who's useless.Long rant aside, I do not recommend this game.  Only buy it if it's like... $1.99.  Not worth a penny more.  So glad Steam decide to do this return policy.  I'm definitely getting my money back./END RANT/"
76561197971651541,Not Recommended,237850,13647601,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SunZ,"So so. Nowhere near as good as I had hoped and I didn't really hope for much, infact I had totally forgotten this game existed and found it again by accident. Some of the characters are just too horrid be bothered with.Waaay to much swearing for it to feel like it actually fits into the story, it actually stood out so bad it sounded extra lame, and more or less undermined any substance the story may have had.I don't mind swearing in a game or a film most times, but here it just felt soooo out of place.While some of the game looks nice, it seems to feel like it's from a few years ago not 2014.Maybe this game would have worked better as a book?As for a score, I suppose it deserves a 6/10."
,Recommended,237850,12654326,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Zekh,"Ragnar's genius, humour and creativity makes this game a perfection. Must play."
76561197970958233,Not Recommended,237850,18238655,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Michael C,Good god this is dull stuff compared to the previous games. It's dreadfully slow and frustrating.
76561197970263850,Not Recommended,237850,13485019,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Eradicator,"Sorry to see this property go the way of Telltale / The Walking Dead. Lengthy, boring conversations. Seemingly arbitrary decisions that warn, ""your actions will have consequences"", and very little else."
76561198120393316,Not Recommended,237850,13615029,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grafenskopa,"I don't recommend this game - yet.Too short, too expensive for the game time given. All these ""books"" should be handed out after another instead of just letting one book go out on the market. Better to hold it until finished.""Your purchase includes all five episodes!"" I really thought this would be a complete game I could enjoy. But just as the introduction was over and the game started to become interesting the game ended.So, no. Not worth buying. Sorry.Sad that I did buy it..  I wanted to have a complete game like the previous ones."
,Recommended,237850,23512275,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cheekykats,awesome
,Recommended,237850,12812709,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,borderline,"I loved spending time in the worlds created in this game, especially Propast.  All the flavor dialogue when looking around was great.A feature I havn't seen in many games which I really enjoyed here was the dialogue wheel actually had your characters thoughts voice acted to you before you chose.  I really felt they gave you a stronger attachment to each person as you get little bits of their reasoning and thought process.The game dragged a bit in spots and since you have multiple main characters and locations its easy to prefer one over the other as the game progresses.  Knowing the story of the previous games is highly recommended.Some puzzles left me aggrevated but perhaps I am just daft, mostly this is not an issue.  The graphics engine has some serious limitations especially with action scenes.Overall I thoroughly enjoyed this game from the story to the world, characters and music."
,Recommended,237850,23028281,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198160489912,Not Recommended,237850,15594505,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ignor88,"Made by hipsters for hipsters.The Longest Journey was good. Charming, full of character.Most importantly story and game complemented each other.These new games seem to borrow too many pages from Telltale, i.e. too much focus on character interaction and too little on world interaction.Wasn't one likable character in chapter one, closest had to be the black guy with the funky getup.Too much politics in episode 1. Can't play the rest due to not meeting recommended specs.Whatever they do to April, they kind of ruined that character in the first Dreamfall so it doesn't matter.The controls takes some time getting used to and even then it's the opposite of effficient.Slow start. If you liked the first Dreamfall you'll probably like this. May get better eventually, not to me tho."
76561198156858965,Not Recommended,237850,15140507,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sushi Babe,It's probably one of the most trash experiences I've had.
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,237850,17994975,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Crisis,"First of all I do like this game,but the thing I don't like is the fact that the game releases in 5 parts.I really wish they would not do such things,because what is the point playing a game you can't finish till the end.I will write a real review once the game is completed."
76561198159689094,Not Recommended,237850,21161822,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,dogma5645,I can't recommend it.   It stopped very shortly after starting.   It will not load in a particular area.  So virtually worthless.
,Not Recommended,237850,23740527,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Thanatos,"I don't often give negative reviews, but this game really annoyed me. I increased the settings in the game and that caused the cut scenes to stop working. I only played it for 90 minutes so I don't know if the storyline and gameplay are very good, it's just this stupid technical issue that made me request a refund."
,Recommended,237850,26331323,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Eugene,"Great game! Piece of art! One of the most beautiful and interesting games in the world!The new Unity engine made the game even more beautiful!Now a little bit of critic.1. The first thing that spoils the impression of the game, it's Kian Alvane ... Three times in the whole game, he honestly admits that he is gay. It's very sad. What for he did it? It would be better in such moments simply keep silent. Dear developers, the children will play this game! Don't forget.When Kian begins to worry about Bip, it seems that he is not only gay, but maybe also a pedophile?It would be even funnier if Kian would tempt each guard with magic spells and finally organize the gay parade...With the same success, Zoe would constantly grumble about her menstrual pain, Vamon would regularly drink viagra before visits to Sister Sahya and Enu would fight against castration of animals in Marcuria.2. Not much of beautiful clear epic backgrounds in a game. Stark is very beautiful and brutal. In the background there are beautiful futuristic buildings and flying cars, but they are very blurred. It seems that Zoe Castillo suffers from myopia.Some cars in the streets look like very ugly. It feels a strong contrast between the design of these vehicles and the environment. The design of these terrible cars must be looking like Lamborghini Centenario or at least like BMW Efficient Dynamics!Arcadia's architecture is very boring, it's haven't got self unique style. Buildings in Mercury monotonous and resemble a cheap medieval architecture.In a such perfect game player wants to see a better quality of locations, similar to Mass Effect and Dark Souls.3. The fifth book is extremely rich with different events. But all these events are very short. The whole fifth book very short compared to the others. It would be better to enjoy every moment of the last book a little longer. The final fight with the wizard Roper Klacks must be much longer.4. Brian Westhouse's face is so respectable and honest, that I was greatly surprised by the end of the game, that he would be the main villain. He has a simple motivation in the game. All the trouble that he did, was to get back home. Instead of him there must be a mad troll with an ugly face like a Freddy Krueger, with a voice like Yaga and a disgusting smell from the mouth! He became an evil because of magic inhabitants at the beginning of the game killed all of his friends and relatives. And he decided to take revenge on all magical beings of Arcadia!Maybe this would be a better motivation?5. I wish that the game had multiple endings. I wonder what would have happened if Zoe and Kian decided to combine the two worlds? Maybe it would be better for everyone?But the whole game is brilliant! No one has ever done anything like this in the adventure genre. Witty puzzles, favorite oldschool style of game. Dreamfall made a new era in the creation of quests and adventures! Bravo!Thank you! Good luck to developers!"
76561198002602010,Not Recommended,237850,13645351,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Savio82,"As a huge fan of 'The longest journey' and Dreamfall I was really lookign forward for the release of this game.Unfortunately the game has one huge issue (which renders it unplayable for me):It is performing terribly even on recommended hardware. I own a i5 760 @ 3,6 Ghz and a GTX760, System runs at High Performance setting, so no throttling.  With this setup I am able to play most games at high settings in 1024p resolution. Bioshock Infinity, Tomb Raider, Watchdogs, Farcry, Shadow of Morder - no problem. This game though is very choppy. For instance the Title Screen is completely fine, intro is choppy, first area seems to run somewhat fine, then framerate crashes in second chapter. Inbetween massive framerate drops.Many users already reported that problem. Even after three patches it has not been resolved. Developer states that the game graphics are 'demanding' and they can't do much optimization as they are limited with the Unity engine. Sorry that is a poor excuse. FAQ in their forum to solve this problem doesn't help at all.As long as this has not been issued I strongly discourage you from purchasing this game. A pity because let's plays on this game look great! (Only way for me to enjoy the game.. by watching others play it)"
76561197971688969,Not Recommended,237850,13246699,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,aqualung99,"I don't like replaying the same content over and over, and with the lack of a save game feature that's what I had to do with this game.Also, this game is just too far away from the things I loved about TLJ. The characters are not compelling to me; I care little for them. Which causes me to not care about the story. Which causes me to not want to play."
,Not Recommended,237850,13583213,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Stanzilla,"Super boring. Not even close to the quality of The Longest Journey.Edit: Since Chapter Two is now out, the situation did not improve, it is still super boring with overly long dialogs where you literally sit there, twiddling your thumbs waiting until you can finally do something."
,Recommended,237850,33704015,Posted: 21 July,all,Zeabolos,"Bad gameplay, but interesting story."
76561198300484328,Not Recommended,237850,22606144,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,edwangy7,"this game does not play well on a pc. When using the mous it is so sensitive that you can't get the character to do what you want,the keys are the same.Very frustrating,sorry I purchased it."
76561198029902399,Not Recommended,237850,31798524,Posted: 16 May,all,Teddopolis,"This might as well be cutscene the video game.  There's a 1000 of them and they all feel like 20 minutes long, there's just way to much exposition and not enough gameplay.  It might have been better if it was Telltale style or a visual novel but no it was this crap.  Normally an adventure game figures out a good balance for that, just look at the Monkey Island series or Myst.What actually game content they have is very lack luster.  I does have some challenging puzzles but that's because they're usually presented so badly.  Everything you need is either in the room/area with you or spread out 100 meters and you have no idea what to do. It's either spoon fed or left on a desert island. The controls are a tad clunky, the graphics and animations are subpar.   It's such a shame to see The Longest Journey's sequels but such flops.  I guess it should have just ended there, I honestly wish I had never played the two Dreamfall games.  All in all just stay away, don't waste your time or your money."
76561198131672271,Recommended,237850,28027613,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Koyuki Himekawa,"Breathtaking Story, too bad the adventure company is gone. Many people don't play these games anymore there only few left like Syberia 3."
,Not Recommended,237850,24520339,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jagh,"Decisions you make in the game don't impact the storyline in any way(Feel free to correct me here). The most you get is to decide who lives or dies with your choices(all the main characters of course have invincible plot armors, so don't worry about them, its the secondary characters and occasional unnamed red shirts that can get hit by a truck), but *even these events* have little to no secondary repercussions.A series of tweets from the developer just before release of book 5 strongly implied that this game would have at least 2 different endings. Alas, no such thing. Made me seriously doubt the honesty of these guys, and if they ever release some other games, i would rather stay away from them."
,Not Recommended,237850,24447251,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Pleroma,"The game has been quite slow and lifeless compared to the previous titles I loved. But one thing was the nail in the coffin for me: You need to distract some guards to get into a house. There is hay is you could burn, and festive materials you could use, there is a child who has helped you before with distracting guards, there is a sleeping drug nearby, there are so many things you could use.But instead this game wants you to throw a living rat into some pipes to get shredded along the way and mess up the machinery. There's no reason for this. It's not like you are stuck in some dungeon with limited resources. This was stupid and unneccessary. They could have patched another option in, but one year later they haven't."
76561198136171008,Not Recommended,237850,12719819,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,bjlopez1955,"Not Happy Jan! For the price this game is short and leaves you totally up in the air like a bad movie which no one has an ending to. The audio to graphic movements are really bad! There are so many beginings and no ends or conclusions so keep in mind that you are going to have to spend more money to find out ANYTHING! Big disappointment. This game should have been called ""Shortfall"""
76561197970611067,Not Recommended,237850,23627976,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,私はOrakです,"I played this game (book1) and remark there are still bugs in the game that forced you to do some interaction in a certain order, otherwise you are blocked. This game could be great, but I don't want to waste time to search for something that I can't found because of bugs. So I will not recommend this game, or then perhaps after some patches."
,Not Recommended,237850,34041907,Posted: 5 August,all,Courier 6,"Got an hour or so in and was literally nodding off and falling asleep from boredom.They provide a ""The Story So Far"" video in the main menu before you start, which you would think would catch you up enough to play the game sufficiently. But instead you quickly realize all this game does is ramble off vague dialogue at you like a visual novel, and there's absolutely nothing to emotionally or contextually hold onto if you haven't played the first one (which I have not, for clarification).The very minor controls they give you are some seriously mediocre point-and-click mechanics that have been done so much better by more games than I have time to sit and list, but if you've ever played and enjoyed the Myst series, this game will disappoint you.The visuals itself are fairly pretty - it's nice how they've used framing to really show you exactly what they want you to see - but it's still about original Skyrim level graphics, so not nearly redeeming enough.Unless you're a big fan of the original, don't waste your money."
76561197982638153,Not Recommended,237850,21264509,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shindig73,Playing the Walking Chapters is about as much fun as getting an arrow through the neck and then finding there's a gas bill tied to it
76561198327434133,Not Recommended,237850,31425273,Posted: 28 April,all,yanivhadi,"As someone who played the previous games, and plays games for their plot, i was very disappointed with the game, especially since I paid 30 USD for it.If u want to buy it, at least wait for a sale or something. I woudn't pay more than 10 bucks for this game. It has some good stuff, don't get me wrong, but u can tell it was rushed, from the plot to the animations."
,Not Recommended,237850,33252157,Posted: 4 July,all,-DI- Dey,I got lost somewhere in the beginning of the game. If I somehow went back in time I would never buy this game again.
,Not Recommended,237850,23654111,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kilathaar,"Almost two hours played according to Stteam and I've hardly touched the controls, there have been no gameplay, except for walking and listenining to NPC:s. This has got to be one of the most boring ""games"" ever made."
76561198073431466,Not Recommended,237850,26728104,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,zaemanfx,"Forget everything good about the game, look, depth etc. because navigation is a nightmare.I can't find anyway to next part of mission, no maps, no direction compass, no guidence, no clues.Apparently you're expected to roam the city streets listening to conversations to help you find your way. This is a very strange decision to make as people have been using maps for thousands of years to find their way around the world and cities.Well I don't have hours to sit and listen to conversations to find clues to next location. Just a game destroyer which is so sad as the game looks like it'd a good one, especially judging by users who have the time to spend on the streets.If they ever add a map I'll give it another go but until then...Delete. Try and find another RPG where you can find loctations, missions and all that other game stuph."
76561198239189330,Recommended,237850,33713046,Posted: 21 July,all,lacrossetips7,"This is my friends account and i was watching him play. game looked good, graphics looked good, but the voice acting was phanominal. zoe's voice actors accent is goals"
76561198167113370,Not Recommended,237850,13309169,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,robehickman,"I enjoyed the story of TLJ/dreamfall and wanted to see where it went after the major cliffhanger. Thus far I have not been able to play this as, has been noted, the game has very high system requirements. Adjusting the settings makes very little difference. My primary interest is in the story and I'm not big a gamer and am not going to stay on the 'bleeding edge' of hardware just for one game. I'm very disappointed there is no option to make this playable on average hardware, even if it massively reduces the graphical quality. Dream fall don't look bad and doesn't have ridiculous system demands.I ended up watching a lets play on youtube and it was good at the start. What wrecks it is the amount of foul language which is thrown around without any regard. Now I'm not against swearing within reason. What bothers me is that it's so pronounced it looses any impact it would otherwise have, feeling like the developers had a bet to see who could cram in the most swear words."
,Not Recommended,237850,33619191,Posted: 17 July,all,Kristhor,"Annoyed and bored that's what I mostly felt playing this game.I mean previous game, Dreamfall, was just ok, but it sure was better than this! I can't believe people had to wait for this for 8 eight years and it was kickstarted!The story is a confusing mess, most of the characters are either boring or annoying. I have to mention SPOILERS AHEADCrow... That ♥♥♥♥ing bird was so annoying I felt like ripping my hair off, I have never experienced something so annoying. When he died I felt such a relief... I guess he was supposed to be the comic relief, but he was just annoying and awkward. In previous game he wasn't that bad, maybe because he didn't have a big roleVoice acting is bad (that I didn't mind so much, few games have good voice acting) and dialog is dragging.Excluding the choice mechanic, the gameplay is outdated. I wish there was something new and fresh for the genre, but not really.There are some characters (Zoey, Bob, Enu, the goat lady and Saga was alright) and scenes I liked,  but not enough to care. The beginning was promising, but in the end I was rolling my eyes so much that I'm surprised they didn't drop out off my head. In the end I was just begging for the end credits.I was looking forward for this game, but it turned out to be one of biggest dissappointments I have faced."
76561198035005384,Not Recommended,237850,25804301,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TechPriest44,"It might be good, it might be bad. I'll never know, because the game lags like crazy even with graphics turned down."
76561198026764278,Not Recommended,237850,14749935,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,-DI- GrumpySarge,-Find the clickable hotspot-click it-repeat until it tells you you won--you're a WINNER!Features-Autosaves--you know you don't want to really save the game exactly when you say you do.-Add an incredible 5 items to your inventory--just like real life!-Go where the game sends you--no frightening open world to explore!-Do what it insists to progress--you know you don't like your own solutions.
76561198045285245,Not Recommended,237850,24753064,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ellipse,"This game definitely closed the chapter on my interest in this series, hoho~"
,Not Recommended,237850,33833809,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr. Pootin,"The gameplay is slow and tedious. I enjoyed tremendously the previous games in the series, but this being another point and click diorama like games released in the '90s isn't charming at all. In age where fluid gameplay and polished UIs are everywhere I just couldn't get myself to click random regions of a static screen until I ""get it right"". That's just not fun anymore."
76561198056050996,Not Recommended,237850,30693156,Posted: 23 March,all,zbigniew1984,"The plot is ridiculous, completely mixed up, with no sens and logic. Coelho level in meaning and child level in structure. Waste of time."
76561197980590127,Not Recommended,237850,34005810,Posted: 3 August,all,life359,"This game is incredibly boring.  I fell asleep playing it.  Characters ""run"" unbelievably slow, which makes navigating the world excruciating.  The puzzles are dull, the voice acting is only average, and the story doesn't seem to evolve at all.  There's no gameplay here.  This is just a movie disguised as a game."
76561198040676940,Not Recommended,237850,29495516,Posted: 25 January,all,jdeighan,This might be a decent game if there were someway to get past the introductory puzzle with the tentacled creature in the wardrobe. Life's too short for lousy game design. I uninstalled it.
76561197967454788,Not Recommended,237850,14851426,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RIPPER,"I loved TLJ and Dreamfall.  This review is strictly for episode one as it's all that's out and all I've played.  The worst part about episode one is all the running around you do in the city.  You spend a good amount of time just running back and forth across the map (which I didn't find very intuitive to navigate).  I didn't find the dialogue to be as good or interesting as the previous two games either, there is nothing that hooks you from the beginning and makes you want to keep playing.  Lastly, the graphics can look good with the settings maxed out, however the animations are pretty bad.  The characters are stiff and there isn't much facial expression.  I know this was similar to the Dreamfall but it didn't bother me as much in that game."
,Not Recommended,237850,24052736,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hong Kong Journalists,I wonder if I can find a more redundant game than this
76561198218139189,Not Recommended,237850,24620360,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Makaida,Won't play >=(
76561198017438051,Not Recommended,237850,25864922,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zhies,"Playing this game takes an acquired taste. Sort of like the same type of acquired taste to drink water from Sudan, Africa. Most boring puzzle game I've ever played. It's literally a click-fest to proceed in the story line."
,Recommended,237850,33712107,Posted: 21 July,all,qazabaz,Good
76561198119518756,Not Recommended,237850,25134805,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shiki-Senpai,I'm a fan and I don't want to play this.
,Not Recommended,237850,34409512,Posted: 21 August,all,Niggaruto,"Poor storytelling, poor graphics. Tried to persist boredom, but quitted after prologue."
76561198094488520,Not Recommended,237850,23620628,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,scbriggshale,"I have loved all the games in this series, however this one is full of bugs and horible LAG. If you have a AMD cad then this is not the game for you."
76561198086284256,Not Recommended,237850,22327053,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ультра Кацап,Marxist propaganda. But they are really sneaky with it. I really want my money back.
76561198334759464,Not Recommended,237850,34956845,Posted: 14 September,all,prezba29,I bought this game thinking it was a sequel when's it really the same Dreamfall game with improvements etc. Unfortunately I went past Steams 2 hour refund because I fell asleep playing this repeat game and couldn't get a refund Lol
76561198196521454,Not Recommended,237850,23481377,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,wanderwoman222,"UPDATE POST-BOOK 5.Book 5 was, sadly, a disappointment. There was no ""game"" to the last chapter--mostly, the game element involved moving your character from point A or point B, with the occasional pixel-hunt thrown in for good measure.  There were so many long cut scenes with long dialogue explanations (also known as exposition) I started playing solitaire on my phone.  The various plot elements never really came together. It's like the various story threads got away from them, and they tried to wrap it up as best they could, but they bit off more than they could chew.  The character's movements were quite limited, and sometimes the need to search the screen for the ""hot point"" made me nauseous due to the rotating perspective.  This game just had too many characters and too much plot.  The whole tower/dream/etc. stuff never made any sense whatsoever.  Ambitious game, but it does not measure up to TLJ.Review of parts 1-4; *mild spoilers* (thematic, not plot or puzzle).I liked it...until it became about the Nazis.One of the things I loved about the Longest Journey series was its originality and unpredictability.  The stories were compelling, with interesting characters and good puzzles.  This game has some great visuals, and it's certainly a fun world to wander around in.  Some of the characters are boring/two-dimensional, though (Kian, I'm talking to you), and there isn't much to do besides find & fetch puzzles and wander around talking to people.It's the story I have a big problem with, however. How many games, TV shows, and movies have to be about Nazi Germany and the Holocaust? Doctor Who does it practically every season (exterminate!), Star Trek has done it (you will be assimilated), and pretty much every sci fi show has done it. I play these games to be transported, not massively bummed out and reminded (yet again!) of the deaths of 6 million Jewish people.  It's utterly disapponting.  I get it, it's important for people to learn the lessons of history, but this is like smashing people in the face with a history book (simply turning Jews into ""magicals"" does not conceal the heavy-handed message).  It isn't original, or even interesting.  It's supposed to be a game, not a history lesson."
,Not Recommended,237850,23633149,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Anka.xo,"There is plenty work to do about this game, as I don't have enough patience to listen to all these ""voice actors"" and not be able to move around. What makes it even more annoying is that there is no clear explanation given on tasks. It would also be very nice to have a better hint on things you may interact with. I am totally upset and I can't believe I spent an hour and hadn't done much interesting throughout the gameplay."
76561197982038724,Not Recommended,237850,33468086,Posted: 11 July,all,kat55,"Disappointing.After 32 hours of enjoyable gameplay, one playable character, (Kian), after doing all the right things, was killed in a cutscene with no chance of an alternative outcome. I'm not going to spend another 32 hours replaying  the entire game in the hope of achieving a different outcome by randomly selecting different choices, if that was in fact the problem,  whether they make any sense to me or not. Basically at that point, the immersion and the magic, were lost.The other playable character (Zoe), well, I just lost interest at this point...Too bad as I really was enjoying the game up until then. So, have at it if you will, I hope you have a better experience than I did."
76561198025839957,Not Recommended,237850,12644821,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,renegade.traceur,Not worth the money until all of the chapters comes out. I say wait for em...
,Not Recommended,237850,34861078,Posted: 10 September,all,mignonne,no
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,237850,26545262,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"Nope, nope, nope."
,Not Recommended,237850,12620704,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,"""the"" Chase",Im sad to say this but.... this was an incredible game. Then the game stops and tells you to wait for the next chapter. I cannot recommend this
,Not Recommended,237850,33732399,Posted: 22 July,all,Smiley,"I can't seem to go over 24 FPS after trying every possible settings.  This is on a 1080 where I see almost no GPU and CPU usage while running the game.The story may be lovely but since I cannot enjoy it because of technical issues, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,237850,25377300,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sevrin,"I don't like the game. Normally I'd like games like this but I don't like this one. It's been a while since I last played so I can't write a proper review, this is all you get."
,Not Recommended,237850,34128062,Posted: 9 August,all,Jaren,bad
76561198065418372,Not Recommended,237850,33913180,Posted: 30 July,all,[2eMrn]THOMAS IS HONORx,"I liked the possibly accidental 2016 election story, but not the gay stuff, and if I wanted a good a game, I'd go to Telltale."
76561198385695217,Not Recommended,237850,33725573,Posted: 22 July,all,Obsidian,"I'm running on the lower end of the minimum requirements. After attempting to play this game my computer crashed and would not start until I activated safe mod and uninstalled this game. Low end users beware, this game is graphically intense and could damage your computer if its not high spec enough."
,Not Recommended,237850,12600711,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,Very short and yet boring game. Story is dull and bland. Dialogues are very long and not interesting. Exploration is not rewarding. A lot of copy-paste content.
,Recommended,237850,15435116,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kittens,Slow to start and a little strange but a worthy adventure title if you're not afraid of art school and lectures(Original review: This game drones on and on and onnnn with unskippable cutscenes. Play Monkey Island instead.)
76561197997719847,Recommended,237850,14545765,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ehanig,Great addition to a great adventure series.  I highly recommend it and hope that they keep it going.
,Recommended,237850,14651205,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"dreamfall chapter suite directe a the longuest journey sortie en 1998 et dreamfall the longuest journey sortie en 2004, et je doit dire que celui ci n'as pas a rougir de ces petit frere, une aventure extraordinaire tous comme les precedent volet, meme si ne pas avoir jouer au precedent volet n'est pas penalisant il est fortement recommander de les avoir terminer pour reelement apprecier cette suite."
76561198060258761,Recommended,237850,16327066,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Refsnes,"Just like most good movies it takes some time to get to know the characters, but its well worth the ""slow"" start. Great game."
76561198035796081,Recommended,237850,15360546,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mr. Boboddy,"I know that it may seem unwise to judge a game before it is fully released, but I felt it to be a kind of duty to say: so far it is going great! ""Dreamfall: Chapters"" masterfully develops the beautiful story started in ""TLJ"" and ""TLJ: Dreamfall,"" keeping the same unique atmosphere and quality. It is really worth it to spare a minute and experience one of the biggest adventures you might take part in on your computer."
76561198145369660,Recommended,237850,15618531,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,samarapoche,Oh my God...If you want to play a game where you're constantly mind♥♥♥♥ed....but in the good way....play this game. It really gets to you. Makes you think about things differently. I TOTALLY recommend this game!!
,Recommended,237850,15406352,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,isaac.farfan,LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198191281851,Recommended,237850,15406868,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,nhood19,"Loved the first two episodes  of this game.As a fan on the original Longest Journey and Dreamfall, when I saw there was a new sequel I knew I had to try it and it doesn't dissapoint. Especially like the new aspect where you can make choices which means you can have a few playthroughs with different paths."
,Recommended,237850,15174294,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Stan Marsh,If you like Dreamfall the Longest Jorney (as I do) you'll definetly like this game!
,Recommended,237850,16141432,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ZombieMouse,"I LOVE THIS GAME! It touched my heart and pretty much pulled out all of the rawest emotional feels from me in a game! I literally had to get off at one point and sit and think about the decision about the data. The graphics are beautiful and I feel like I am truly invested in this game. Thank you for designing and working so hard on such an amazing creation! I laughed, I cried, and now I eagerly wait for the third book to be released!!! I wish I could help with testing, maybe I could get it a little earlier? ;-) Ahh, I just wanted to voice my appreciation and excitement about this whole new world! 10/10 would happily play 24/7 for the rest of my life. I AM A DREAMFALL JUNKIE NOW!"
76561198050116912,Recommended,237850,27063262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fluffy Feathers,"Great game. I played it without having played the first two, but really wished I had, made some bits of the story hard to follow, but even so I would recommend to anyone that enjoys story driven games :)"
76561197995873122,Recommended,237850,27075851,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grey,Story in TLJ series is simply the best I've seen in video games. Now looking forward to playing Draugen!
76561198047453425,Recommended,237850,27094891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zenjah Heartless,"This is one of my favorite games ever. So many stories within the game, and HOURS and HOURS of playtime!   The decisions you make in the game really count so go slow and make every small dialog count.[10/10 would pay for again]"
76561198023281735,Recommended,237850,27100887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Princess Grin,I was waiting for this game far too long. I din't even know that after finishing TLJ and Dreamfall I was waiting for this game. I am bit sad that it's not old-school adventure game <point 'n' click> but this is one of my favourite games of all the time and my tears can vouch for that!
76561197964108069,Recommended,237850,27200926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evil Henchman,"Think ""Telltale Games"" in 3d minus annoying button mashing and quick-time-events.But seriously it is so much more than that. There is a Story Recap in the main menu if you want to jump in right away,I recommend the other 2 games to enrich your experience. I'm not a big fan of the classic-point-and-click in the first game but the journey was worth it."
,Recommended,237850,27348999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BioticShark,So immersive. This game deserves WAY more attention than it gets. PLAY IT!
76561198003339338,Recommended,237850,27175580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bob Vila,I've been a fan of this series since the longest journey.
76561198034019297,Recommended,237850,27020486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Majulla,"An amazing game that I waited a very long time for.  The chapters are complete now, so go play it and get sucked into an extremely vivid world that will entrance you with a story about one of the longest journeys ever."
76561198025059943,Recommended,237850,26685496,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stellamari,"Next to the Dragon Age series, this is my favorite game ever.  I definitely recommend playing through the entire series."
76561198279577248,Recommended,237850,30904314,Posted: 2 April,all,PinkBlues,"I REALLY LOVED the game! Great graphic, good story and really good choices build up. But Wish there was still a bit more after Zoë's end... I would LOVE to walk trough the city of the future. Just a taste of the future that you helped to change. Anyway, some decisions werent yours to make in the story after all... came back to one choices. I can't say anything else than just to try it for yourself. LOVED the game! I HAD to finish it! Try it. I dare you! It. is. great! May the balance with you! <3"
,Recommended,237850,26988163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[1-800] Crabs,"Fantastic story, incredible voice acting. Play the first 2 games if you can, but this game is incredibly satisfying."
,Recommended,237850,27094336,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Furiosa,"This is probably my most beloved of all of my games, it is truly a wonderful experience that everyone should play at least once; the story is so immersive and will keep you wanting more. Before each chapter was released I just wanted to know what happens next and it surely does not disappoint.I definitely highly recommend this gem."
,Recommended,237850,27113044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Norek,Amazing world and really memorable characters... Love this game and I hope they make more games like it.
,Recommended,237850,26509481,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Daveva D. Rain,"Not gonna lie, it has completely different feel than the other two games. The gameplay was a bit... frustrating at certain parts especially Propast. However, I wasn't expecting the same experience as I got before and it was good thing to do. I enjoyed this game a lot, it was amazing and long jorney. The ending was pretty cool and totally deserved for this trilogy. One of the most amazing games I have played in my life (all three together of course).However, there are certaing things I hated about it. ONE: As I said, it was frustrating at certain parts which is something I don't enjoy in this type of game. TWO: Performance issues. It is terribly optimized, especially in Marcuira (which is where I had the highest FPS drops even tho I can run pretty much every game at 60 FPS). That is basically all for me...So... Yes I recommend this game, it is worth your time."
76561198017165108,Recommended,237850,26453220,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ineo Mors,"This isn't even the genre of games i typically enjoy and it was hands down one of the most well put together and intricate story lines I have ever seen.  This is really an amazing piece of work this game.  The art, the story, the characters and voice- all just genius!-(they really got me at quantum entaglement- but that is a story for a different path in the songline)The only negative thing I can think of is the loading - there is a lot of loading between cut scenes...but even then there were a couple of times it actually increased my anticipation of the next scene."
,Recommended,237850,23692413,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Djeeza,"A dream ...Great story, great character (Zoey, Saga, Crow, Enu ... ), great game.Make the move."
76561198052182625,Recommended,237850,26568026,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Silver Guardian,"Dreamfall is very rich in story and keeps you entertained as you mostly play two different individuals on the path to a single moment in time. It isn't fast paced as such yet its story, the characters and rich visual content will keep you following along simply to see how it ends. Every decision you make in this tale has a consequence and the clues to tasks can be so bare of hints you need to really think upon them to find the answers and meet the challenge. Maybe not everyone's type of game but i personally enjoyed it right to the end."
76561198075858946,Recommended,237850,26561512,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Light,In love with the game! Good feels throughout most of it and so many sexual innuendos!
76561197969505052,Recommended,237850,26734924,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,an4tman,"Some of the best storytelling you'll find in all of gaming. The actual game mechanics leave a little to be desired, but they don't detract from the excelent story & characters.Play the other two games first."
76561198081450332,Recommended,237850,26643038,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Iso Koala,"A beautiful, epic adventure through different worlds. I hadnt played the previous games before this, but catching up the story was no problem whatsoever.  After playing The Longest Journey, some things made a bit more sense and I could see the root of the origins now, but it is no means necessary to play them to enjoy the story this game has to offer.What is quite remarkable in the game, how ambitious it is. It is developed by a small developer and small budget, but they havent cut corners and made a small game because of this. No, the game is pretty huge for adventure game standards, and the environments vary a lot. There is easily a tripl AAA ammount of environments and graphics in this game, albeit not of that high standard except at some points. The graphics are still good enough imo.Story starts a bit slow, but starts to build up after a few chapters... which is kind of slow, and I can see some people stop playing this because of the slow start. It pays in the end though, and journey reached peaks I didnt imagine it could.Biggest problem beside the slow start is somewhat boring puzzles. You merely run from place to place to find objects from the environments, making most of the puzzles feel like taxi missions in RPGs. Well, at least you dont get stuck. In its way, this game feels like an RPG like Mass Effect or Dragon Age...except that there is no combat or dungeons, only the city parts! Not every game needs to have action sequences, but I couldnt help but feeling that something is missing here... Imagine playing Mass Effect which only has cities and no combat at all, and this game feels like that. It is a bit boring due to this at times, especially in the beginning, but when the story gets more compelling, I stopped caring about that aspect.Well, if you want an epic adventure journey with interesting worlds, characters and settings, and an excellent, excellent animal companion who travels with you through all it, this is a good pick."
76561198003513471,Recommended,237850,14694261,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,finhorn,"I've been waiting for a squeal for years. It was apparently crowd funded and I'm sorry that I missed it.As with the ones before, this adventure game's charm comes from the dialog and settings more than the puzzles. One of my favorite lines of dialog comes when the main character is speaking about checkpoints where passes are only issued on the other side, ""Kefka would be proud.""The puzzles are native to the story and generally non-intrusive. They tend to be difficult to get on the first try. Through penalty-free trial and error, none of the puzzles take too long to solve.It is worth warning that this game is ""Book 1"" of a longer series. Expect about 5 hours of game play to hit all the achievements and not much longer than that to have seen everything. I've played other games (I'm looking at you FPS) that were shorter, less entertaining, and cost me more money. The take home message here is that the story isn't complete and you should expect DLC.I look forward to the next release."
,Recommended,237850,14749155,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,miriamhuff1881,This is a wonderful game and the design is just beautiful.  The story speaks to all kinds of people and lets you choose your own path.
,Recommended,237850,14753774,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,justagirlwho,I couldn't wait to play this after the first and second games... but i hate how its coming out in parts... such a tease
,Recommended,237850,14740658,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,bise241,"This game is... almost really good... Like, I can tell the developers hearts are in the right place and the writing is fantastic and the characters very endearing... Its just the gameplay... in my opinion, they should just cut the gameplay right out of it. For lack of a better word it is horrendus. I spent 2.5 out of the 5 hours I played the first episode trying to navigate that city and figure out the sad excuses for ""puzzels"". The gameplay seriously feels like padding, just watering down the awesome experience this almost is... My other beef is the horrible optimization in some areas. That seriously just about did it for me when I was controlling the man in the fantasy land. But I stuck it through, and I think i'm glad I did. I love this world they have created and the feelings and humor that come with it. Hopefully there wont be as much unrewarding busywork in the future of this game. I absolutly love the writing.10/10 storyline writing and characters3.5/10 almost everything else"
,Recommended,237850,15227389,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,sierrasanator,This game is beautiful.
76561197997493284,Recommended,237850,15196995,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fujibayashi Kyou,Only took 8 ♥♥♥♥ing years but it finally happened. Can't even handle my excitement for this game.
76561197968276599,Recommended,237850,15278070,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Easy Tiger,Dreamfall Chapters is a truly worthy addition to The Longest Journey universe.I've played two chapters and cannot wait for Chapter 3. The game is fun - without being too challenging - and the story is absolutely engrossing. And one thing I'll say about Ragnar Tornquist (the creator) - the guy can really write good characters.I would definitely recommend playing AT LEAST Dreamfall TLJ before picking this up though.
,Recommended,237850,15178658,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,iGIRL,"This game is absolutely amazing. This game is different from modern games, being very story-rich and the main objective is to immerse yourself into the story. Very atmospheric; similar to cyberpunk. This game has changed my perference of game genres to story based games! Give this game a try! Also there are games before this that lead up to this current game. They all deserve your attention. 11/10"
76561198018525778,Recommended,237850,15184715,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,philthy,"Left me hanging bro!Enjoyed the tone of the game although, like a lot of games in the genre, the non story movement and action is a little clunky and the sound is a challenge (I found I had to turn my sound way up on my speakers and then lower the other volumes in game).That said I can't wait for the next installment and enjoy the female protaganist, especially how she communicates with other women in the story. It seems more realistic."
76561197982175938,Recommended,237850,15294991,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TheLastRebel,"Satisfying story, rich detailed world, delightful character interaction, and emotionally-driving consequences that carry the gravity of real life choices. Very positive adventure game. Can't wait for future releases to see how the story unfolds!"
76561198202526240,Recommended,237850,16210346,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MaroonAugust,"As a big fan of the Longest Journey, I was so delighted to find out about Dreamfall chapters. I loved the story telling and the beautiful graphics of the original series. I still get the similar feeling from Dreamfall chapters. The graphics are not really top notch compared to the other blockbuster games but the scenery is there. Very creative places and settings. I also found it's even more focused on the story telling than the original series; which is not a bad thing. I feel like I am actually watching an interactive TV show. It still has puzzles and stuff but it's not as difficult. I remember the original series has so many tricky puzzles - or maybe I just grew old and the puzzles are not as difficult anymore. lolAnyhow, I am taking my time to play this game so I can enjoy it longer and manage my time as well since there are only two books out and it seems like there's a significant wait time for the next ones.The bottom line is I am so happy about this game and can't believe the sequel to the longest journey series is finally here. It's not a usual adventure game that you have to grind so much just to follow some silly story. This game is more philosophical and deeper than most of the games out there. Probably that's why there are so many people who have been longing for the sequels. I wish there were more than 5 eps. I actually hope it has ""seasons"" and come back again some day."
,Recommended,237850,14801979,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dark_Hunter,"I LOVE the story telling in this game and how you can hear what they would be thinking behind a certain dialogue option! I think this is the perfect mix of Book, Movie, and game! I thnk it's brilliant and should be the future for more story driven RPGs.However, (uh oh) the fact that book one is so short is not good. Book one should be much longer. It should be the foundation for the other books! Especially considering that most of us players (I am assuming) have not played the first game. I ended up playing this game for about 7 hours, but I explored EVERYTHING so another players play through could be different. Somewhere I read that for most it was about 4 but that seems fast.The story is so good though, it really grabs your attention. It's also obvious that they put alot of thought into the future of this game considering some of the dialogue loves to give little hints atwhat the game makers have in mind.So overall yes buy this game, if only to see how story driven games should be. With more story on the way.. (March 10th) this game is and should be one heck of a ride."
76561197972297326,Recommended,237850,14806055,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,freeMHan,"Pretty much everything a Dreamfall fan ever wanted; engrossing plot spanning the two worlds of Arcadia and Stark, facinating main leads of Zoe and Alvanna that drives the game forward during the slower moments, and choices and consequences mechanics popularised by Tell tall games implemented effectively so far. Between this and life is stange, episodic gaming is here to stay."
76561198024228326,Recommended,237850,14873435,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,elfy,"It's a great story - currently, too short to judge, yet inspiring and positive. Will be waiting for the continue of the chapters."
,Recommended,237850,27293286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keminus,"Well worth the price!This is a lengthy narrative experience that fleshes out and concludes the Longest Journey story. Pro's include: good graphics, engrossing storyline, interesting characters, decent length for an episodic game. Con's: some optimisation issues, Xbox One controller bug means you can't use it to open inventory, limited number of environments.Overall, the game is worth playing (especially if you played the previous games in the series) and is definitely worth buying in a Steam sale."
76561198003964460,Recommended,237850,26904583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thomas Octavious,"Finally finding out how this story ends is so cathartic.  Its a bit shy on the whimsy of the earlier games and the settings are limited, but that's probably an issue with production costs.  This is where the divide will be for most people.  It obviously limits the game's ability to fully tell the story, but the heart of the story gets told.  April Ryan does get left aside, due to the writers wanting her to have a seperate episode for herself, but again not being able to afford it.The character decisions only really affect the fringes of the end game story, and while impactful for their part, not a crucial element.Gameplay is about as limited as Dreamfall was, but smoother in its limitations.Sound and Voice acting are both excellent.Graphics are pretty on par with that generation, and the asthetics a wonderful."
76561198013862896,Recommended,237850,27599103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uhrm,"Almost all the questions one might have from the first two games are answered, making this the perfect ending to this amazing 17 year long journey."
,Recommended,237850,27597834,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,氷の女王,"I'm not one to write long reviews, but I feel like this game absolutely deserves one, so here we go;If someone told me that when I got this game that'd I will cry (a lot), scream at characters, feel emotionally attacted to a talking bird, get mind♥♥♥♥ed the hell out of, get lost in the story, and fall in love with multiple characters, I honestly wouldn't believe them with the first glance I gave this game. However, it did exactly that.Zoe Castillo is an amazing, bright character who breaks the mold not just of usual protags, but also female ones. She isn't some ""I have a quest"" hero, she doesn't know what she's doing just as much as you. She's resourceful, cunning, and absolutely beautiful. Also her fashion is on point, man.Kian Alvane is just the same, he breaks the standard mold in more ways than one, is labeled a traitor against his people, and completely accepts his death, until he is given a new purpose to live. He fights against the very people he used to fight for, with the people he used to kill. It's an amazing character developement that only this game, in my opinion, has perfected.In short, this is an amazing game, with an amazing crew behind it.I am still super ♥♥♥♥ing upset they killed Crow like whO GAVE YOU THE RIGHT10/10 - IGN(P.s., Chapter 3 came out on my birthday! Absolutely best chapter ;) )"
,Recommended,237850,27673987,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,msrblonline,"This game is a Gem. Perhaps not the best looking nor the best gameplay-vise, but it has the atmosphere and vibes giving me chills. Really like it!"
,Recommended,237850,27618992,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sourire,"Excellent choice-driven, imaginative story. Though I was disappointed by the final chapter, the ending neatly ties up all the loose ends of the series. All the nostalgia. I fell deeply in love with the characters and I wish the journey never had to end. <3 An emotional and (mostly) satisfying conclusion to The Longest Journey / Dreamfall saga."
,Recommended,237850,25085070,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Musky,"The strength of this game is definitely in its cutscenes and story. Some of the puzzles were hits and others felt pretty frustrating, especially during book two. Story really picked up in book three though and followed through."
,Not Recommended,237850,16761375,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,princeoftheair,"Before I was split over the fact that the game didn't measure up to the previous entries.  I really like the interactive movie experience, but I don't feel like my choices are having as big an impact as I am being led to believe.However, I really have to discourage people from getting this game for the simple reason that it stopped working once I reached the fifth chapter.  After waiting over eight months to get it, the game crashes at the menu screen or after the second scene with Kian and I have to restart my machine to do anything.  I've scoured the internet looking at various forums where people noted the same issue, and while Red Thread has responded to some of them, they've basically said to ""turn it off and on again"".  I'd like to think they are working on the problem, but given that it's been two months already and they've stopped responding to posts about, I might as well spoil the game for myself and look up the ending on Youtube as there's no way I'm ever going to see it myself.It might work perfectly well for you, but why take that chance?"
76561198056357256,Recommended,237850,24963210,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ptrstout,"I've been playing this series of games for well over a decade and I'm glad that we were finally able to get some resolve to the story with Dreamfall Chapters. I would love to play the final sequel (The Longest Journey: Home) if it ever comes into being. Chapters is a very story-driven game. I love that, but I could have done with a bit more puzzle solving and/or mini-games. All in all this was a good game."
76561198003932649,Recommended,237850,25523374,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Trillian,"I recommend Dreamfall Chapters, but to get the full experience, the player should seek out the first two games that this one has followed: 'The Longest Journey' (1) and 'Dreamfall: The Longest Journey' (2). The experience won't be as rich without them.Setting and artwork are glorious, though character movement and visuals are not a match for other games. However, the plot and storyline depth are so complex that player immersion is complete. All characters have their quirks and motivations - even the minor ones. Voice acting is impeccable. Every character is a hero of their own story, and we get to control two of them: Zoe and Kian, two characters from two worlds working towards a common goal.Some of the side missions feel a little bit like filler, but I personally didn't mind. There are multiple ways to solve a problem and different solutions attract different outcomes and reactions. The choices within are immense, and even though the storyline is forced, the paths taken to get there are so different that this game can be played again.There aren't many games out there like this, which is a shame."
,Recommended,237850,25901447,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,jadecomplex,"Overall a great adventure game and a valid sequel to the previous games. The story is really good and thought-out and the game has easy game controls. The graphics have been updated, but still feels dated. This is because of the animation of the different characters, which sort of falls into the uncanny valley. Still, I recommend this game because of the story and the design of the different storylines which connect well to the previous games. Suddenly some things made sense to me. I think I will play through this game again in the future."
76561198093145458,Recommended,237850,17230393,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"A (mostly) fantastic follow-on to Dreamfall.  Plays similarly to Dreamfall if you omitted the stealth and fight sequences.  I can't say I miss them... usually.  There are ""bits"" of stealth and action, but they are very much bits and don't result in a lot of ""do-overs"".  This game is more about choices, much like a choose-your-own adventure book.  It seems there are many different mays to reach your goals as you play.  There is some puzzle-solving, but most of it is fairly simple... but it *can* occasionally be obtuse and difficult to figure out what to do or even where to start, a bit of a holdover from old point-and-click PC ""adventure"" games of the 80's and 90's I could do without.  (No, I never was able to finish the original ""Longest Journey"", try as I might, obtuse click-puzzles bore me to death.)With months between episodes, I wish there was a ""last time on Dreamfall Chapters"" function that recaps more than just the previous games.  It would also be nice if it were better optimized.  Graphics are nice with great lighting and atmosphere, but there's usually not a lot going on and the character rigs aren't as complex as AAA games.  Seems like it should perform better than 30-50 fps on an i5/R9 380 rig at 1080p.  That said, the fact this thing is made by a very tiny team is impressive.  You can also play it completely with a controller just like the previous game, which to me is a huge plus.I will finally say I just finished episode 3.  I hope all the loose ends get tied up and everything makes sense in a satisfying conclusion.  Unfortunately, I feel like this game has the potential to pull a ""Lost"" or ""Fringe""... just a feeling I have... we shall see.  After all, there's still bits from the original Dreamfall that don't quite fit.I give it 8/10."
76561198077711075,Recommended,237850,24710086,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lyrical_shenans,"Grew up loving the Longest Journey, absolutely loathed the second game, and now we have come full circle to Dreamfall Chapters.  This game most definitely redeemed this series.  The Characters were memorable and witty.  The game controls were smooth, graphics were beautiful and the choice and consequence options are an interesting addition to the game.  Overall, this was a very nice, but tearful end to the Longest Journey Series.10/10"
,Recommended,237850,24706969,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Unboundclassic,"Beautiful end to The Longest Journey. A few question marks left pretty open, but all in all a satifying finale. So many points in this series hit tragic and sweet tones that really connect you to the story. Definetly play the other two games before this one."
76561198175862505,Recommended,237850,28368875,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cutielover168,"Amazing game,  tons of entertainment  in the game. Would recommend this game.  10/10"
,Recommended,237850,28335565,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Des,Beautiful.
76561197982434623,Recommended,237850,30974658,Posted: 6 April,all,#SWAGASAURUS_WRECKS,"As someone who just finished this game, I'm writing this review for you as much as I am for me:TL;DR:Most spectacular adventure game you will play. Don't start on Chapters. The Longest Journey => Dreamfall:TLJ => Dreamfall Chapters.Pros:Epic adventure story, sci fi AND fantasy setting, music, voice acting, and visualsCons:Empty large environments (fixed in later chapters).Choppy AnimationsSome don't think the choices affect the game enough.For some of us, this was the longest journey. As a boy, my first adventure game was The Longest Journey and although I didn't understand all of it, it left me mystified. In 2006, Dreamfall: The Longest Journey cast my world asunder my childhood memories of April Ryan's incredible adventures were left on the ultimate cliffhanger and then there was the longest wait. Dreamfall Chapters and 2016 concluded this long painstaking wait and what a build up...Let me tell you, if you start from the beginning, you will be rewarded. This story does not disappoint in any form. It flawlessly combines science fiction and fantasy into a truly unique setting. Stark. Arcadia..If you are picking up this game and expecting a TellTale Games Walking Dead choices, this game was written with an ending in mind. It's been building towards finally connecting all the peices. You can make choices and they are going to make you cringe or worry or your characters might have regrets later in the game, but you're not going to alter the entire game.At times, the visuals are breath-taking. Although, when Red Thread Games started, I believed they were too beautiful. I would have prefered the point and click format of The Longest Journey with more things to interact with. Sometimes the areas are confusing the navigate and there are only a few things to interact with. You're supposed to only go one place but you can travel the whole length of the area with little to do. It is annoying and wastes your time. But this problem resolved in the later episodes.The animations are also stiff and choppy at times. However they accomplish the job of telling the story which is really all this game is about. I didn't mind using my imagination though. Fortunately, the voice acting really makes up for anything lost in the animation.The music is amazing and gives me shivers every time I load up the game.Right next to Life is Strange, this is my favorite interactive movie I have ever watched. It breaks your heart and swaddles it next to a cozy fire, simultanously.  I will never forget you April, Zoe, Kian, Saga, and Crow. Crow, thank you Red Thread Games for the best side kick that ever existed. I don't know how you pulled off such a satisfying ending. The wait was worth it. Every second."
,Recommended,237850,28288489,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dongurd,"If you always wanted to know how Dreafall: The Longest Journey ends don't hesitate to pick up this game :)The story is up to par with the previous game. The eding was... good enough. Can't say it worked 100% for me but it didn't leave a bad aftertaste either.Performance warning:For the most part the game manages 60 fps v-synch in 1440p max settings on i7 6600K & GTX 1070.However, I had some significant fps drops (to about 30-40 fps) in Marcuria (especially the market area). Lowering the resolution to 1080p didn't get me stable 60 fps.That was unfortunate but not as unfortunate as the next point.Animal abuse warningThere's a segment in the game where you're required to brutally murder a harmless and totally innocent animal to get through a door. I couldn't beleive the was no other way to get through that door. I looked up this quest on the internet and sure enough it wasn't just me who was upset about it."
,Recommended,237850,28329331,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,aps6686,"It's brilliant.It makes very little sense, I have no idea what happened, but it's still brilliant.An excellent sequel to The Longest Journey and Dreamfall, continuing those storylines while introducing new characters and maintaining its mindboggling confusing-ness."
76561198098427463,Recommended,237850,28684650,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rolo's Friend,"I really enjoyed this game, but if you can stand the outdated graphics I would recommend playing the previous games prior or alot of stuff is going to be much more difficult to understand.  I had a fairly decent understanding of the game anyway, but still kinda wish I had played through the previous games prior."
76561198071185629,Recommended,237850,29151503,Posted: 9 January,all,Demon202,"By far one of the greatest stories to experience.When I came across this game I was unaware of what to expect since I had no idea about any of the previous games in the trilogy, I bought the game only on the basis of the type of game the discription and screenshots told it to be and I was more than willing to go through the story.upon completing the first few chapters I decided to read up some reviews which highly emphasized on playing the prior games (mainly Dreamfall: The longest journey) before I gave this one a try. It disheartened me since I was already invested in the story. I decided to continue on with the story till completion and I was not disappointed.The Gameplay is amazingThe story is amazingThe puzzels are niceTotally worth your time if you've not experienced any game in the trilogy but do play the privous games the story gets richer as the games progresses."
76561197997984901,Recommended,237850,18388453,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,OrbitalBeetle,"The gameplay is mediocre at best and tedious at worst. But I don't care about that at all.The strong point of the series is the storytelling and the characters. For fans of the series, that is all that ultimately matters.If one hasn't played the prior games of the series, then start there first. Otherwise you will be missing parts of the the story, and that is like starting to read a book right in the middle - you start out without any emotional attachment to the characters and the events that happened before. And I don't think this series can be played in reversed chronological order either, you'd miss out bigtime."
,Recommended,237850,30760772,Posted: 26 March,all,Flar,"An amazing adventure, but if you havent played the prequel you will have a hard time understanding what is happening right now.Still worth it tho."
,Recommended,237850,30668773,Posted: 22 March,all,S3nt1n3l,"I first saw the video to this a while ago and being a sucker for a good story bought the game...I was not disappointed.The story is engaging, emotional and exceptionally well put together.Needless to say I was hooked from the get word go and worked my way through to the end.Some of the puzzles take a little while to work out, but it was lots of fun trying to see what worked and what doesn't.Even failing to complete some puzzles affects the story.I would higly recommend this game to anyone who loves an immersive story and it's left me wanting more.When do we get the film?Epic!"
76561198148437242,Recommended,237850,16816089,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Galadeil,"Amazing story with choices that will have real consequences and it's based in two worlds with two protagonist, the one (world) is sci-fi and the other fantasy who doesn't love these two things"
76561198076582968,Not Recommended,237850,17070394,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,pfrolio1,"The story of Dreamfall Chapters, though somewhat confusing, is fairly entertaining and includes crucial decisions that draw the player further in. However, the gameplay is quite tedious and not enjoyable after a point. The episodic format may draw comparisons to Telltale Games's products, yet DC falls flat in comparison. Unless you've played through the previous games in the series, save your money for another more intuitively designed game."
76561197995217867,Recommended,237850,17102305,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cain,"I love the potential of this game, but I’m really disappointed. The episodes are released so far apart that the storyline is confusing, unexciting, and fragmented. There’s very little interaction with the community regarding release dates, which is quite rude, given the monetary investment by fans. Episode 3 was an absolute joke."
,Recommended,237850,17018329,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dudu,"Amazing continuation to Dreamfall: The Longest Journey. However, the episodic format affects the continuation of the history, since there is a lot of time between book releases."
