user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,237870,9423304,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Carnifexje [NL],"I have only played the singleplayer story mode so far so I'm basing my experience on that bit.The game also includes a build mode, and even online co-op play among others which I will definitely be trying out later.The game offers a day-night cycle which is faster than real life, but still long enough to have an impact on your plans and adventures. The nighttime is pretty dark and you will have to use torches, headlights, flashlights or other sources of lighting to find your way around the landscape.This game is in a really good state for an early access game! I would recommend this game to anyone who likes survival, exploration, crafting, and building games.If you like survival, exploration, crafting and building this is totally the game for you!You can craft anything from tools to guns, building modules, sentry guns, you name it. There's a lot of different crafting materials you can gather such as wood, stone, iron, copper, tin, different types of plants and more.The game plays very well and runs smoothly (> 60 fps) on highest settings on my quad core i7 920 (3.2 Ghz OC) with 6 GB RAM and a GTX 770 GPU.The terrain deformation is absolutely the best I've ever seen. You can literally mine out a cave or structure the way you want it.It's a voxel based game which means the terrain deforms a lot more natural than a block game would. I can see why this is one of the strongest selling points for this game. This opencl (cuda?) technique the devs are talking about does really seem to do a lot for this game!The textures are not ""next-gen"" at the moment, but very much acceptable for such a complex game. I guess this could be improved once they near a final release. It's definitely not game breaking though.The combat is very acceptable. It's pretty straight forward, click to smash (a la minecraft) but that's totally fine with me to be honest. You are also rooted into place when performing actions which is awesome and makes combat somewhat harder.Now, this is an early access game, but the only negative things I've been able to find after an hour or so of gameplay is that the world feels a bit empty. It doesn't feel static, since there's a lot to see like different types of animals and foliage/trees/mountains. It could feel a little more vibrant.The music is fantastic, although there is only one song which loops. It doesn't get annoying because it's a really calm and smooth composition. It runs for a while too so it doesn't get repetitive at all.Sometimes the combat music can get a little annoying when you're entering and leaving combat in fast intervals.There is voice acting for most if not all conversations so far. Some of the voice acting is great and some not so great, but also by far not the worst I've experienced. Could use a little more work in some areas though.There are some basic quests to help you figure out how crafting and gathering works which is great. The game really does a good job of easing you into the game so far. But it doesn't hold your hand too much either, which is a great thing.I haven't touched the real storyline so far, so I'll have to see how well the story is played out. But I have high hopes!This game is definitely worth the money and I would certainly recommend this game in it's current state!"
76561197969290323,Recommended,237870,9434935,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Cuchilain,"I am so hooked into this game already.  I havent even begun building my base yet.  But what i really want to share with you guys, after having played for so many hours already. . . .The way you need to describe this game to your friends.   Its monster hunter, just a little.  Its state of decay, but bigger.  Its Minecraft, but prettier.  These are some of my favorite games.  Lets not forget, you get to build your own weapons and rides if you so choose to do so.  What else are they going to create with this?"
76561197992928723,Recommended,237870,9434885,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Velks Suisonic,"Edit: 11/17/2016Well here we are, Release.  If you can call it that, While i understand the pressure the Devs are under to get the game out, It was still undercooked.  That being said, Considering some of the updates its had before this, its very playable!  Bugs? Yes! Multiplayer issues? Yes!  Enough of them to break the game? NO!A big plus as well is they have promised to keep working on the game, bug fixes, stability ect. for at least 6 months, which i think was the time table for release anyway.  So its not going to be a Doublefine situation where they say "" ♥♥♥♥ it, you all deal with making it better!""Edit:2/5/2016Its been a real rollercoaster for this one, went from good to unplayable and back a few times now, buts its getting nothing but better as time goes on it seems.  To all of the ppl that say its a ""dead"" game that will be in EA forever, I guess they havent seen the recent improvments that just pulled it out of one of the low points i spoke of above.  Ive seen even thru the low points the devs do their best to get patches and content out...the game may not have a large player base ATM, but its far from dead and poised to be great!Old review that still stands:This is the game I wanted from StarForge.  This review is wrote in haste, i think i have maybe 3 hours into the game, and just in survival mode at that.  Game includes a Story mode and multiplayer.  So as of right now, the game does show a few bugs, most of which i have been able to over look, and one game breaker when trying to load into a saved game, not sure what caused it but i can imagine being 20 hours in and BAM, saved game corruption.  But becuase of the future i can see for this game, every bug can be overlooked ATM IMO.  Still I would call this a early beta if i didnt know better. So the best way i can compare this game to others you might know is a SCI-FI Minecraft with Better Graphics, the ability to create your own Weapons ( completely design swords and sheilds from scratch ), and design your own Helis and Cars, Recruit others to the bases you create.  You can mine for minerals, hunt monsters, but its set up where you could not have to do one or the other.  Meat is used as Currency, so hunting can get you what you need to build anything.  Or mining can get you the ""meat"" you need buy selling ores.  Needless to say, im fairly impressed with this one.  Playable and fun in Alpha, Thats hard to do....GOOD JOB."
76561198032528294,Recommended,237870,32314702,Posted: 10 June,all,Warriorsage,"""There's such a severe lack of polish,"" is something I've uttered many, many times while playing this game.  Most of the bad things you may have read about it are probably true, as are most of the good things.  It's all going to boil down to what kind of gamer you are, and how much patience you have.I'm not exactly sure why a sandbox crafting/exploring game is so heavily formatted to be like an asian mmo.  Everything from the UI design, the grinding, the bad voice acting, to the game flow of doing all the quests in one area and getting sent to another and doing it all over again.  I spent years playing that sh*t, and PE doesn't win any points with me for using it.  The story is actually pretty decent, but is badly delivered because of the limitations of this format.Combat is clunky, at best.  Hitboxes are awful.  AWFUL.  From early in the game you'll be sent against absurd ""bosses"" that are usually impossible to kill at the time you receive these quests, or at the least without a great deal of grinding.I'm going to be blunt: the game isn't finished.  There are people who will argue that a tacked-on sequel-bait ending to the story technically means the game is done.  But not if it's still somewhere in a Beta state, if you ask me.And yet..... Somehow.....  The game has some bits of real magic in it.When you crash land on the planet, everything is new and vaguely terrifying.  Is that a tiny stegosaurus?  Is that a large, ferocious plush bunny?  Animals roam this MASSIVE totally destructible voxel landscape in multiple biomes, and apart from some weird fetish the devs obviously had for multiple eyes, all of the alien species are distinct from each other.  There's some REALLY good visual design here - it just happens to be badly optimized.The soundtrack is almost equally decent, although there are strange long periods of total silence because the game doesn't have enough ambient noise to compensate.  The game even has an integrated way to listen to your own music while you play.And the crafting.  Ohhhhhh the crafting.  We're not just talking about things you can make, and orient when building a colony.  We're talking a brilliant creation system where you fabricate basic parts, and then add material pixels however you like.  People have made all sorts of things in various categories, from flying pirate ships to weapons and armor from other games/films/real life.  I didn't dig too deeply since I stuck mostly with templates, but there's a lot here.  You can even go back and edit your creations later.  THIS is the meat of the game.  You run your colony, you hunt, farm, mine, and make stuff.  If that's not really your jam, the other elements of the game aren't going to do it for you.It doesn't quite last.  Not all of it.  At some point you've been to every biome.  You've seen every species and kicked its *ss.  You have so many raw materials you hardly ever need to harvest anymore.  Colony management can be just as clunky as most of the rest of the game.  At some point you'll just want to wrap up the story, and the story will delay you, usually in the form of travel, or grinding.  I'd estimate there's probably about 40 hours of story, and no, it doesn't end in a good way.  But if you like to make things and do all that other sandboxy stuff, you'll be entertained for much longer than that.  The game has alternating moments of ""Wow, that's kind of amazing,"" and ""Wtf happened?  Was an intern in charge of this?""There's some good stuff here, it's just that the devs bit off more than they could chew.  Word on the grapevine is they can't do any major code changes for PE, but they're taking on other projects to get funds for PE 2.  I look forward to it."
,Recommended,237870,10356515,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,*UaS*Màtri×,"This is definitely a great game with a bright future. Even though it's in Alpha, it still has a lot of content and things to explore.The in-game creation editor allows you to make pretty much whatever your heart desires in terms of weapons, shields, vehicles, and decorations. I was never an artsy kind of guy in terms of drawing or modeling, but it is fairly simple to figure out how to work the controls for the editor. Also, there is a small built-in tutorial along with of a bunch of help amongst the community.There is also a build mode that allows you to place blocks and build structures. Unlike many other games of this type, it allows you to build multiple blocks at once through dragging vertically / horizontally, and offers you various shapes such as cubes, spheres, cylinders, cones, and much more. Along with this, you can also enter a free-view mode, which makes building much easier to control and look over.I haven't played the single-player campaign to its fullest yet, but it has been nice so far. I have primarily been playing on my multiplayer server with a couple of friends, and have been creating and exploring for many hours. Personally, the game is much more fun when you have others to play with, since you can go on adventures or see what others created themselves.To server owners:I personally prefer hosting a server from the game itself by going to Multiplayer > Host. I say this because the server controls are a bit iffy right now, and from what I understand, the ""correct"" way to shut down the server is to find it in the multiplayer list, select it and hit 'Delete'. With this being the case, the admin of the server is whichever character created it, and thus, they are the only ones who can do the process stated above. However, when hosting it from a .BAT file or whatnot, there is no specified character as an owner. As such, the only way I've found to shut it down is to either just exit out of it, or kill the process if using batchmode. Of course, there could be something I'm missing entirely, and I'm sure this will be refined more in the future.I'm rambling now so I'll just start to rap this up with some of the current, noticeable issues* Crafting currently seems to be split up between singleplayer / multiplayer, e.g there's some stuff you can apparently craft offline but not online...doesn't really affect gameplay that much though* The camera can feel kind of unrealistic and annoying to control, but they're supposedly redoing it entirely in the next update, so we'll see* First and third person are both options (use scroll-wheel to change between perspectives / zoom in and out)* Entities (players, vehicles, mobs, etc) can sometimes fall through the world (primarily when in vehicles going at fast speeds for players [~100+ Km/h])* NPCs appear to multiply in multiplayer each time the server is restarted (e.g. a town will spawn all of it's NPCs...server restarts...those NPCs spawn back, on top of another set of NPCs.)* Their town decorations seem to do the same (some houses end up with 5 doors on top of eachother, etc)* Along with that, objects such as turrets sometimes don't spawn in or fall through the world when spawning in in multiplayerOver all, as many other reviews have said, this is an Alpha game. If you buy it, expect some bugs and crashes. That's why there is a notification telling you this game is in Alpha. I myself have only encountered a couple bugs in game and maybe one crash or two. However, I don't know how other people's computers will handle it and what their experience may be like. All I can say is that if you don't want to deal with bugs or possible crashes, then I'd suggest waiting a while for it to become a bit more stable and then buy it.Currently, I'd rate it a 10/10 for an Alpha build, as it is honestly much more than I would've expected."
76561197994996821,Not Recommended,237870,19231964,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Septema,"Open ended sandbox, storyline exploration crafting game. Build a base, populate and grow it.  Make weapons, vehicles etc.  Explore the world and search for resources such as ores and plants that are found in certain terrains, then use them to craft everything you need based on schematics you earn or buy from npc's.What it does right, it does very right.  What it does wrong, is horrifically bad.You can craft almost anything you can imagine.  Guns, vehicles, buildings, etc.  You make them.  All of them.  There are very few premades available in the game so you must make what you want or find the plans another player made.  If you are creative, you can make almost anything.  If you aren't and don't find other players plans, you shouldn't bother with this game.  A year ago, there were numerous ISO's for everything you could imagine, but now there are very few since updates have broken previous ISO's and creators stopped making and updating them.Vehicles include cars, bikes, planes, helicopters, boats, submarines, etc.  They all share one thing in common.  Movement with them sucks.  Real bad.  Helicopters can't seem to fly above the trees and that would be fine if they didn't get stuck on the trees if you hit one.  The ground is so uneven that any ground transport bounces all over the place and hits everything in sight, or just flat out gets destroyed from bouncing and hitting the ground constantly.  Turning vehicles is not as easy as you would think and often times hitting an object, backing up turning, then turning more going forward still results in you hitting the exact same object.  Vehicles can get stuck on the ground, on the plants, on rocks, etc.  Most areas of the map are actually faster to walk through than attempt to use a vehicle.  Drive into anything and your vehicle gets damaged.  Park near a predator and they will attack your vehicle until it is destroyed or they die.  Fly a helicopter into a flying creature you didn't see because of lag and who knows, maybe it stalls and you drop to the ground and die while your helicopter blows up into pieces and leaves you stranded there.The map is a limited use abstract with very little details but does allow fast movement between discovered points.  The scanner map shows you more of the terrain, but is very difficult to decipher if you are looking for ore and quickly becomes useless if you are digging into a ore vein since it clutters up rapidly.Lighting is almost useless since personal lights point directly forward with no means to use them to light up areas above, below or to the side of the character.NPC ai is getting better but followers still get stuck on terrain sometimes and can easily be lost when you are crossing a long distance.Combat is very basic with melee attack only or manually shooting a weapon.Most quests are easily completed but some hunting quests give you only a name of a creature that is useless if you haven't been playing long enough to figure out what the different creatures are.  Some creatures for hunting quests are also difficult to find since they can be very rare creatures or travel around a lot.Updates are fairly slow in coming, but progress has been significant in the last year.   Crashes still happen fairly often but autosave keeps you from losing more than a couple minutes of progress so they are a minor problem.Overall, the potential for this game is great, but it does need more work to be really enjoyable.  Mostly the vehicle controls and ground smoothing hamper the game at this point.  When it takes forever to walk from known areas to new mission areas, it gets tedious fast when you know a vehicle would be faster, but are so not worth the trouble to use."
76561198124099425,Recommended,237870,23337387,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Gladi8er65,"Yesterday i came back to this game after a year or so away, and found it seemingly unplayable compared to older versions. I posted a bad review urging people to stay away from it until the devs fix the issues i was having (unresponsive keys/mouse) then something happened about 15 minutes after i posted that makes me change my recommendation to thumbs up. I got a message on steam from one of the devs (very quick response time) who told me how to solve the issues i was experiencing... very easy fix... reset key bindings to default ! I had never thought to do that as i have never changed keybindings on the game, but low and behold, instant fix. I have over 100 hours on this game and was / is among my favorites. Keep up the good work on this game and I want to thank developer zede05 for the quick response and help to make this one of my favorite games once again. VERY much recommended."
76561198034328445,Not Recommended,237870,22797220,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Wasteland,"This one is difficult...Inprevious versionswe got a game that was almost feature complete and had working graphics with legible font. Combined with an interesting story, albeit not complete, this game showed great potential.I played 50 hours and thought 'Great Ill look into this again when the story is done'.Now I'mback after about a yearand I found this:Worse graphics with illegible font and horrible normalization of the sound (which has great voice acting). Now I can't tell what the characters a saying and I can't make out the story anymoreSome freedom in the item creation system removed, fx. max one barrel in one gun (I guess it's now more realistic, but also less fun)Long loading times and also closing time of the game is extremeThe time to exit to desktop is extremeHardly any new features were added, apart from a half complete skill system, which takes the gameplay down a whole different track from where it came from. The game wasn't RPG'ish previously, and to be honest I don't think it should beConclusionAll this forces me into the conclusion that the developer either lost interest or lost financing.The developers will have to take steps toward completing the existing story content, and build a flawless GUI or at least a decent GUI.Also they should probably optimze the game code. Particularly reduce load and close time.As it is now I just can't recommend the game. It's not done and the developer didn't achieve anything significant over the course of a whole year.I do still think the potential is there, and the existing content is still good. So if you want to check it out, you should wait to get the game on sale."
,Recommended,237870,13764357,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,☆Riverstar☆,"In short: Yes, I recommend this game. It's beautiful and fun to play alone or with friends. Just remember it is early acces alpha and give it time for updates. It's already improved leaps and bounds in the past 9 months.This is actually the first game I took the ""early access"" chance on and I don't regret it! It has however, spoiled me with high expectations for other early access titles, lol.I love building games and for me, this was the first voxel builder that let me work with different shapes. Awesome.It also has furniture and decorations. The creatures in this game have a wonderfully alien feel to them and the mega-huge boss mobs are very impressive and inspires a definite ""holy $#!+, we are supposed to kill THAT?"" *runs away* feeling. Exploring is great, even early on before you have the materials to craft the ridiculous aircraft and such, you can make jet packs and grapling hooks for some seriously fun travel through the world.The feature I'm most looking forward to at the moment  is farming to be fully functional in multiplayer mode since that's where I spend 99% of my time, playing with my friends and family on our lan based servers.Combat needs to be a little more interesting but they've already stated they're working on that and sooo much more. The devs regularly communicate with their players and are regularly pumping out updates and hotfixes. They're also working on making the single-player story mode into multi-player which was a huge request from the players.Yes, it's alpha, there are still bugs though most of the game-breaking-frustrating bugs seem to have been taken care of since I started last spring. This is without a doubt one of my favorite games I found on Steam. A hidden gem of sorts, and while it isn't finished, the progress it's made already is phenomenal and I always look forward to the next major patch to see what craziness they've managed to pull of next!"
76561198005478926,Recommended,237870,13024734,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Moose,"Pros: Nearly unlimited creativity. Want to fly a Millenium Falcon? No problem! Even if you are not very creative, installing other peoples wondrous works is as easy as drag and drop.Exploring is fun! Some cool scenic locations as well as hangliding through alien canyons.Storyline is solid. From the intro with Carl Sagan's quote to the mystery behind this planet, I really craved more.Cons: Everything that comes with alpha. Bugs mostly that range from annoying (falling through the ground) to storyline breaking (Mainline npcs turn invisible).Despite there being over 200 different animals, most of their animations and actions are too similar. Runs up to me, swings claw defines most animals (not all though).Overall, this game is great and worth the buy. You can put a couple hours into it or hundreds, there many possibilities."
,Recommended,237870,15875285,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,A Spicy Meatball,"I really enjoy this game;  I've put almost 900 hours into it at this point;  The game is worth it, even if they never finish it, it is very fun.FOR REVIEW OF CURRENT BETA GO TO BOTTOM.Current form:32-bit, memory threshold limit is 3.6 gig; game locks up if your system memory allocates 3.5 gig of active memory to the client; does not affect the server.  Game has some story bugs that can crash or ruin a game save; always save your game in multiple slots and often!!  The interfaces are not scalable; that is being fixed.Multiplayer:You can create your own server or join others; you will have to open ports on your router and direct that port traffic to your computer; as such, you need to set a static local IP for your server within your router (lock your IP to your mac address), so that if you reboot your computer it will retain the same IP.  Take that IP and now open the ports that the game tells you to in your router, directing that traffic to your server only.   MP servers can be set to allow pvp, or simply cooperative.  The creator of the server can set people to be admins, unable to build, or kick/ban people from the server.  Once you start the server, you do not need to join the game for it to run.  At a certain point your digging will cause some parts of the map to not load (due to the 32-bit veersion and 3.5 gig memory threshold),  when this happens, you cannot log in.  To fix this, stop the server, and delete the files in the voxel folder of your server, located in your steam folder.   Multiplayer is being worked on too, and will hopefully have the ability to capture the flag soon.The Workshop:The game workshop only allows you to share your items after you start the game; choose to play multiplayer; select or craft a character; and then open the workshop to upload your item.  Sometimes it is difficult to upload, just keep trying.  The only way to find items however, is to select a category and then page through all the items under that category.  Search by name is ridiculously bad.  Icons of your items are super lo-res and blurry, unless you load a picture of something you made, then people won't know what the item really looks like.  The Workshop on steam makes it so you can easily find stuff, but you cannot download the item when you subscribe.  So the in-game workshop is hard to use and has blurry pics, and the steam version is easy to use but you cannot import from thereThe ISO creator (voxel crafter)This creation system is awesome;  There are pre-crafted parts for:sword handles; gun and barrel handles for single shot and multi shot, rifle and barrel handles for single shot and multi shot, laser blaster tubes and handles, vehicle tires (multiple types), vehicle engines(multiple types), vehicle batteries (multiple types), vehicle lights(multiple types), vehicle exhaust, vehicle Cannon, vehicle tank cannon, vehicle machine guns, vehicle gatling guns, vehicle laser guns,  vehicle  missile tubes, motorcycle seats, vehicle cockpit, aircraft cockpit, boat wheel or cockpit, boat scews, boat rudder, VTOL engine, jet thruster, helicopter rotor, and some I probably missed.  These pre-fab items can be scaled in size in any or all of three dimensions (changing size modify's the item ability), made invisible.  The material editor allows you to craft voxel creations, in solid forms, paint by single voxel, extrude from voxel, a single voxel can have its volume changed and that single voxel used to make very thin walled items, swords, etc.The creation system currently allows you to make static items from the size of a toothbrush to a one-room schoolhouse, it allows you to make swords, hammers, maces, axes, rapiers, a pistol with up to 4 barrels, which shoots one shot per barrel or multi, a rifle that allows the same, a laser pistol, a 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, or 8 wheeled vehicle such as a motorcycle, car, truck, tank, any of these vehicles can be made small (volkswagon) to super large (stretch hummer), you can make a boat, a raft, a submarine, any large ship from a battleship to an aircraft carrier.  You can make hovercraft, helicopters, jet aircraft, flying platforms such as dirigibles, air carriers, air battleships.In game Crafting with BLOCKS:Like minecraft, you can take blocks of material which you have mmined or crafted, and build shapes suh as buildings, walls, platforms, houses, castles, forts, and other mega structures out of multiples (10+) material types including diamonds and glass. Once you make the house or building, etc, you then can selct a box around the house and SAVE that structure to memory.  If you ever need that structure built again, you can select that recorded item from your memory and drop down as many copies as you want (so long as you have the proper materials).The Storyline:Its unfinished and needs some serious polish.  Adventure mode is super boring.  Much of it can hang/crash the game.  Make sure you save often and in different save slots every time you save.  Since the story is so unfinished, I can't fairly critique it.Game Physics:Currently its Unity four, so physics are standard;  the new version will radically change physics, wheel collision, weather activity, material reflection, water movement and reflection.  The combat engine is weak and is being worked on at this time.Game UI:Too busy, unscalable, and seems like placeholder;  This is true because the UI has been completely overhauled and we will see many complaints about the UI to be resolved in the next update.  UI is standard from inventory sort, split, multiplayer drop, discard, to the standard row of hotkeys, and a minimap.  Once the new version is released all of these UI elements will be changed to be a blue interface which will be scalable.World Editor:This editor works on its own, but will not allow import into the current game build.  There are many more ores which can be mined in the world editor which are not in the current game build.Future versions:Currently the game is still Early Access, and the version .90 64-bit version has not yet been released.  It is approx. 1 month late at this time; 5/17/2015 10:00 MST  This is still an alpha build.A cool item that will be released before beta:  armor designing in the editor.I recommend that you buy this game.-MeatballBETA .88 & .881 of Alpha .90 review:The new beta is much more visually stunning.  The shadows and light attentuate over distance, giving real world lighting.  The character's hari animates when moving, and the body muscle groups shift as the player is animated.  This also occurs on creatures that spawn.Creature AI is much better than previous versions.  Creatures seem better able to dodge and run if they are in flight.  Be ready to have to run downsome creatures when you are on a quest.The rope gun is currently not in the game as it causes major issues that the programmers are unsure they can overcome.The game is now GPU intensive and I can hear my video cards rev up when I am in the game, and instantly slow down the moment I go to main menu or alt-tab out of the game.Creatures actually seem to be walking on the ground, and when on inclines, they match the incline.Wheeled vehicles now shift their tires according to the ground elevation, so a car sitting on a hump near one tire will elevate that tire into the car body to simulate real world suspension.Guns have been weakened and they only allow one barrel now.  I am unsure if I agree with this as some bosses are overpowered and a supped up gun is almost always your best bet.The build system has been modified, and the game makes it much more like the creation system for ISos.  It needs serious tweaking and due to its new interface and clunky way of highlighting the area around the brush, I find it difficult to use, especially when trying to mate a block on an already crafted block."
76561198006682026,Recommended,237870,31510825,Posted: 2 May,all,Athos42,"I bought Planet Explorers during a sale and did not touch it for a long time, but as soon as I started I just wanted to continue playing. There are not that much games that keep me playing long into the night.I think this game is a highly underrated one. You can mostly compare it to Minecraft, but with Story mode and built using an older version of Unity Engine (but still looking good enough for me).Compared with ""hardcore"" survival games like 7 Days to Die, the survival aspect is not developed that much. You need to eat but not trink, you need to defend your camp but the game gives you strong weapons to do that. So it is not that ""hardcore"" but a lot more relaxing, and that's a good thing for me. You can enjoy exploring the land, hunt some animals, grow plants, build houses.... I like it.The base building system is easily the best I ever saw in any game. You can choose between blocks or voxels to place, you can choose shape (round, triangle, cube etc...), size and texture of the blocks, you can place several at once, rotate them, you can undo your last few placed blocks... you can even save complete buildings as blueprints to quickly build a copy of it. Absolutely awesome.And I'm not even starting with the ingame item creation editor. Do you want to design your own sword, gun, vehicle or helicopter? Do you want to customize it completely, pixel by pixel? You can, if you are creative enough (I'm not. :)) Every creation has some fixed parts that need to be placed (a sword needs a hilt), the rest is up to you. The damage of the sword comes from the material you choose (wood swords are worse than steel swords) and from the amount of material you use.Combine this with NPCs that offer quests (you that you have a reason to do or craft something) you get a survival/exploration/base building game that offers great value for your money. I even like it more than Minecraft.Sure, it could use some polishing. Unity 4 games should not drop below 30 frames (7 Days to Die Alpha 10-11 never did using this engine), there should be options to change color saturation (everything looks a bit bright and colorful for my taste) and programming could be a bit more smooth (first game start after PC is started is without problems and the game runs smooth, but if I quit the game and restart it, second start takes forever and ingame autosaves makes the game freeze for about 3 seconds. I need to shut down the PC completely to fix that). But hey, it's only 20 Euros... I leave more money at the cinema for a two hours movie and popcorn.Multiplayer is very entertaining (coop story mode and sandbox mode) but suffers from some sync problems. Sometimes you miss some of the other players animation, if you talk to an NPC the other does not see the dialogue, and setting up a dedicated server is a little bit tricky, but it works. Too bad that no one seems to play this game online any more, so you need to bring a friend or two.Short form: I'd give this game 8/10. There are a lot of games on Steam that are worse and more expensive."
76561198042327429,Not Recommended,237870,30682684,Posted: 23 March,all,Balodon,"As others have expressed, I really tried hard to like this game, but it all feels very underdeveloped and unrefined. After playing this game for over 30 hours or so, I wanted to compile a list of things that I had a problem with, for those hesitant about purchasing this game as I have.*LONG load times: Regardless of which mode you play on (Story, Adventure, Build), you'll find yourself having to fast-travel around the large maps provided. However, each and every time you fast travel, the game has to load in. I've experienced loading times as long as 5 minutes or more and in worst case scenarioes, even had to reload an autosave after the game froze \ crashed.I understand that games do need to load in lots of data at a time, but having to wait so long just to get back to my colony is ridiculous and tiresome.*""Story"" Mode needs more STORY and character development: I cannot stress enough that there needs to be more STORY in Story Mode. When you first begin Story Mode, it will give you an introduction cutscene showing you and a group of colonists travel the stars on board of a starship. Only moments later, some kind of event triggers and you and your shipmates get shot down and crash land on an alien planet, where you have to survive on.The story then thrusts itself upon you as you pick up the pieces. The characters that you meet say that they have met you on board the ship you came in from, but use the stupid excuse that, ""Oh you must have hit your head and forgot who I am"" thing, over and over again. I'm sorry ""Gerdy"" and ""Dr. Allen,"" but I don't know who the HELL you guys are, as the game never gave me much of a chance to meet you prior to this event.*The voice acting is TERRIBLE: After the introduction cutscene in Story Mode, you'll quickly notice that after talking with the first NPC you see how robotic and how stale and flat-toned the voice acting is. Most people you talk with in conversation don't even sound like a human in real life voiced them; i.e. they sound like a voice similar to Microsoft Sam. It honestly sounds like the voice actors recorded in the bathroom stall at their studio \ home.This is an issue because with a game focused on ""Story"" and ""Character Development,"" it's really hard to get immersed with all these different characters you meet along the way with the dialog so bland and boring. Either hire more talented voice actors or allow us to read text-only dialog, like in Adventure Mode.*The same BGM (background music) over and over: You can count with one hand the amount of BGMs that are in this game, as there aren't many to go with. It's not so bad at first, but after a few hours you begin to resent the music so much that you eventually disable the music altogether.*The majority of the questing is BORING: If you've played an MMORPG before, you know the routine: go from Point A to Point B, collect and kill stuff, and turn the quest in. If that's something that interests you, though, then this game will be great for you, as there are a PLETHORA of these type of quests.*Monster fighting is BORING: Enemies come in 2 varieties, just 2: Charge and attack you straight on with maybe 1-2 abilities, or ARMAGEDDON TERRORS that shoot laser beams and missiles at you.The enemies that just charge and attack you may have some abilities that also knock you around literally like a rag doll. Fight with enemies that use knockback are as follows: hit them a few times, dodge roll back, hit them a few times, etc. Repeat this and you win.Then there are some enemies that are like if Godzilla fused with a Gundam and proceed to start a mini-war with you. If you're playing on Normal like I did, they a virtually impossible to kill, unless you have great gear, a vehicle with weapons on it, or an hour or two in real life to spare taking it down.That's not even to mention that one of the only ""difficult"" parts about the enemies is that some of them can take A LOT of damage, e.i. they are damage sponges.*Skill tree system extremely limits to what you can or can't do: In Story Mode, you don't have the opportunity to use the skill tree system as you are with Adventure Mode, so when I saw the option, I thought to myself, ""Oh cool! This should make the game more fun!"" ..... It didn't and made it pretty frustrating at times.The skill tree system in Planet Explorers uses skill points that you can allocate to different skills, such as mining / chopping faster, gaining more materials doing those, doing more damage with weapons, etc. You get these skill points by killing monsters(2-8 SP each), mining(1-2 each node), chopping trees down(1-2 each tree), etc.Maybe you think to yourself, ""Well, the map is a pretty big place to just be walking around only, so I'll go get the parts and make a vehicle to ride around in!"" You take the time to gather everything you need, maybe even pimp out a custom vehicle ride in the vehicle creator. When you try to ""Export"" the vehicle into the game, though, you'll quickly realize that you need a specific SKILL to even Export something from the creator to in-game (which will cost you hundreds of skill points to farm up to that point). So say you farmed up everything and got the skill to Export the vehicle to the game. You place down your sweet ride and you're about to ride it, but OH WAIT! You need the specific skill to even DRIVE the damn thing (costs another 90 skill points). You see where I'm getting at?To even do the most basic gameplay functions requires you to unlock specific skills within the different skill trees. Can't use your new tool or weapon? Get the skill for it. Can't use a specific type of building block or building block shape? Get the skill for it. So on, and so on.I have played many sandbox survival games for many years and this is the first time I've seen such a system as appalling as this system. If you're playing this game on Adventure Mode, make sure to uncheck this broken system and just stick with the default.*Food and sleep meter doesn't have much of an impact to gameplay: I never once felt, during my 30+ hours of playing, that the food and sleep meters had any significant consequence against me. I never had the thought that, ""Well, my food meter is almost depleted. I better go eat something before I starve to death."" There's doesn't seem to be any weight or impact of the gameplay with the current food / sleep meters, other than just losing some stats temporarily.*NPC Followers and NPC colonists never shut up: This is just a minor point, but every time either an NPC follower or NPC colonists is in need of something, they will vocally tell you that they are in need of it. (I.e. ""I need more ammo!"" or ""I'm too sleepy to work!""). They will NEVER SHUT UP about it until you give them what they want, much like a toddler does when they want a toy real bad.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I could go on and on about many different aspects about Planet Explorers, but the point I'm trying to come across is that this game needs MORE work on it.There's lots of potential in this game, such as the in-game object / weapon / vehicle customization system (very easy to learn, fun to use), and the NPC followers with the colony feature (colonists can farm crops and material for you, base defense, building stuff, etc), but everything else around it needs refinement.If what I said above didn't dissuade you, as a customer, in your interest to this game then I suggest you at least download the demo of this game before purchasing and find out yourself."
76561198091515752,Recommended,237870,30573995,Posted: 17 March,all,Swiftstone2012,"This! THIS is the direction open world sandbox games should be taking!I enjoy survival and crafting games, but the biggest problem most of them have is a total lack of purpose beyond simply not dying.They usually very quickly become boring and repetative because in game life, even more than real life, mere continued existence is simply insufficient as a motivator for the endless tedium and overly-elaborate crafting systems that lazy developers throw at us in order to disguise the fact that there is only a sketch of a premise for these events to be occuring as they do, or worse, no premise for their game and the player's reason for being there at all.Too many times have I played such games and tossed them aside because it's just another ""I'm here, because I'm here, because I'm here, because I'm here..."" game. Pointless. Useless. Devoid of purpose or meaning. You may of course have that experience with this game too, if you wish to do so in Adventure mode, etc., but I prefer having some story.Planet Explorers is not one of those pointless games. Playing through story mode once just racked up 96.8 hours of interesting and fun gameplay for me.While the dialogue and voice-overs themselves are bit on the amateurish side, the scope and breadth of the story as well as the concepts it seeks to convey are actually quite impressive even by triple-A title standards. Every effort you go to has a purpose. Has meaning. Right from the very beginning.Constructive purpose, no less. This is important, as most of these kinds of game when they have a premise at all, it is based solely around defense against onslaught by one kind of ravening hoard or other after the apocalyptic downfall of all human civilization. Usually lame♥♥♥♥♥zombies.To be sure, Planet Explorers also takes place in a post-apocalyptic world. It just wasn't our apocalypse, or our world. Yet.The story has a little bit of everything. Humor and meloncholy sadness. Drama and light-hearted fun. Treachery, betrayal, vengeance. The triumph of hard-earned peace and safety along with the horrors and loss of a senseless war no one involved can afford.The thrill of real exploration and survival in a harsh environment with the odds stacked against you from the start. Not because of one single reason or agenda, but because half a dozen agendas or more and the chain of events they set in motion converge to create an unforseeable disaster from the viewpoint of any one group.Why are you chopping down a tree with this dinky little starting cleaver? Because old Gerdy was in the lifeboat with you and didn't fair as well in the crash. Now you have to craft a shovel to dig up the medical supplies that got buried when you came down.Why are you bothering to design your own armed aluminum hovercraft in the creations editor? Because you can sneeze a hole in wood and besides, you want your colonists to look badass when they fly four of them in during their show of force for the Puja in your efforts to bring them to the negotiation table for a peace treaty.The game actually strikes a very good balance in the players themselves between the impulse to get more done so they can see more of the story and the knowledge that they must pace themselves, or be caught unprepared at a crucial turn of events in that storyline. A story which has a lot of twists and turns that most often really are very much an unexpected surprise, which is almost always based around a 'Big Thought' concept.That's hard to find in nearly any genre of entertainment these days, much less a survival/sandbox/crafting game. This is stuff you usually only see handled in any way by hard and high-level Sci-Fi novels. And even then, only rarely are so many disparate such concepts brought into play for one story.I would love to see the implied sequal made and would happily buy it in early access.These developers did this the way games should be done. They created a world and a story, then built a game around that, rather than building a game, THEN hiring writer to give it an excuse for existing, automatically hobbling any creativity or flexibility in the resulting story, or it's method of delivery.I could be wrong about that, but even if I am, I must still credit them based on the grounds of their giving the writer(s) a great deal of freedom to tell an interesting story with their platform.I mean really, when was the last time you actually CARED about your NPC colonists in a game? Knew them by name, personality and profession? Sorrowed if they died, beyond a mere loss in your colony's efficency or production or some such?Story matters. Purpose in this kind of gameplay matters. Yes the game has some minor faults, but they are made less obvious and more minor because of the engaging story and sense of exploration. Easily overlooked.Game developers who wonder why their games are being ripped apart in reviews by players on techincalities of gameplay mechanics need to look at this game and realize that the reason it's happening to them, is because they have offered the players nothing else by which to experience or evaluate their games.No Man's Sky being perhaps the most recent and glaring example of this downward trend on a lazy treadmill. A game which reached legendary status as and has subsequently become synonamous with the very concepts of nihilistic futility and uselessness of effort.This game really does make you feel like you are exploring a new and interesting world, while still lacking in enough specific detail to allow players to fill in the blanks with roleplay if they like, or just fleshing out in their own minds for fun because the concepts and scenario are compelling to think about.This game was on sale when I bought it, but it would be well worth the money to experience, even at full price. It's sadly pretty much one of a kind."
76561197977060919,Recommended,237870,14306937,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dave! Yognaut,Has incredibly powerful vehicle and weapon creation system.If there's something you want to build you can do it! A tank? yes A truck? yes A spaceship? yes! Huge hand cannon? yes!And it won't look all blocky either!
,Recommended,237870,12534860,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Spoopy McSpoopster,"One of the best games I have played that has to do with surviving, hunting, and crafting.Do you like jetpacks, gliders, parachutes? Cars, Helicoptors, Boats? All kinds of guns from using bullets to energy? Making monorail trains even? Then you got to get this game.Comparing this game to other games out there, like Minecraft or Terraria/Starbound, this game is like those but plays even better, and with better graphics. Not to mention, you can either go for co-operative survival, or free-for-all/secretive teaming survival like you would in a game like Day Z. I should also mention, this game allows you to create your own items/vehicles that can be used anywhere in the game!I very highly recommend this game to anyone who has played any of the mentioned simular games to this, I bet you'll love it, no doubt."
76561198059718128,Not Recommended,237870,32115773,Posted: 1 June,all,Kadjai,This game is actually a puzzle game.  How to finish the bugged quests to proceed forward.  It's really hard but fortunetely some of the AI mechanics are terrible so you can use that to your advantage.One puzzle I haven't figured out though is how the loading screen spends 50% of the time at 100%.  It's a toughy.
76561198058971699,Not Recommended,237870,18926147,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,sadfasfasdfas,"A beautiful mess, and the reason I'll never buy another ""early access"" game on steam again.PRO- enchanting atmosphere, real alien planet feeling, vivid colors, everything is alive- nice music complements the beautiful scenery- crafting is great (can make vehicles, weapons, etc.)- you can fly, glide, jump, soar---- you can CANCEL QUESTS!! (Skyrim, are u listening?!?!)CON- crash, burn, freeze like no other game- has been in development for ages and no end in sight- QUEST BUGS such as:- get stuck in a quest coz NPC ""doesn t recognize you""- unfinishable quests- self-repeating quests (you finish it and then the same NPCasks you to do the EXACT same quest again...)- You never know if you did something wrong, or just bugLike when I had to protect my village from monsters and they just kept coming.After a while it became suspicious --- and when I looked it up online it turned outthey were supposed to stop after 3-4. I killed like 3-400 and they still kept coming. bull*hit.Many times you have to escort NPCs (hate these in every game but especially here) and theyjust get stuck in the environment, or worse, simply disappear. Even when you escort them, sometimesthey dont seem to recognize this and they just keep following you ad infinitum.SUMI really love this game and it shows so much promise and I absolutely love the atmosphere.Unfortunately development has been...slow... and mostly unreliable. They seem to be more concerned withadding flashy stuff than making the game playable. At this point it feels more like an editor than a game.This game could be so much if it could ever get finished....tldr:add to your wishlist, buy when it s done"
76561198009342411,Not Recommended,237870,30857589,Posted: 31 March,all,Gdano,"It is very difficult to me give a straight Up / Down thumb.If I can I would give it a MEH thumb.The main problem of Planet Explorer is being ambitious but lacking on every aspect of the game, except the crafting system.The developer worked hard to provide a full feature sandbox game: dozens of creatures, materials, terrain types, procedurally generated worlds, game modes including a coop story mode, a super detailed crafting system, quests, dungeons and a loot system integrated with the Steam Workshop.What you get is all these stuff but lacking the right amount of deepness, they feels like still in prototype stage.All served with LOADS of bug, glitches and optimization problems.Once I started a cooperative game with a friend of mine I had a great sense of wonder... we really wanted to get sucked in this game. Sadly that feeling dropped after about 16 hours of gaming.Everything got repetitive and pointless really fast. We found ourself stuck in repetitive tasks  (mostly mining) and playing separated.In fact there is no reason to stick together, and even if you start playing willing to stay together, you'll end very soon wondering and doing tasks alone.Why does it happens?It happens for two reasons:1) it is hard to find your mates (they are showed on the ""big"" map but you don't get directional clues on the minimap, so you get lost in no time)2) it is pointless being together because every ""quest"" is easy enough to be accomplished aloneEven Dungeons are best in solo. They are just repetitive corridors fulfilled of monster where you get the loot just running through the enemies (ignoring them) and picking up the the loot crates  (mobs and bosses never drop useful stuffs).There is no real boss fight and when your colony is under siege, all the defensive work is made by the turrets you've placed all around.There is no reason to do real coop. Even the exploration.You can craft huge vehicles to carry all your party members... but ground vehicles are useless (they got stuck in the terrain every 30 meters) and flying vehicles are boring AS HELL.Even when  I found an entertaining way to travel (that is JetPack + glider) the exploration got boring pretty fast. You'll find soon that there is no real danger (you can overrun every creature), no real mystery and not a real rewarding aspect of exploring the world. Even the creatures are always the same. They can change shape and size but the behaviour patterns are the same used over and over.Even death is not a big deal in this game. You can't really die. You just respawn with everything you have. Damn.. at least take out my stuff and make me get it back where I've died.The real fun I got from this game is crafting. The shame is that your creations will be used in this doomed and boring world.Ok maybe this review ended to be too HARSH.Planet Explorer is NOT really THAT BAD, but the lack of deepness and polish in almost every aspect of the game is annoyingly hurting.Planet Explorer has A LOT OF potential but the developer needs to refine it A LOT more, because it still feels like an Early Access game.FINAL WORDSI don't regret buying it, IF it will get improvements.I hope I'll can give it a thumb UP as soon as possible.PS:I suggest the devs to focus on a single aspect of the game and heavily improve that, something that would keep up the desire of playing.My idea is to add some unique creation scripts that you get by EXPLORING the world. You can find it by luck or by acquiring around (NPC shop or dungeon) some sort of clues about how to find them.And creating zones that need a vehicle to be explored."
76561198032767908,Not Recommended,237870,20435915,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lil Windex,"Ive owned this game since it came out almost 2 years ago, and I originally reviewed it as positive.  I cannot in good conscience recommend this game anymore to anyone.This game has (had) huge potential to be a good game.  It's voxel based, doesn't focus on graphics, and would be incredibly easy to add content to (presumably).That being said, I've waited 2 years for major changes to the game and they never came.  Workshop content and build sharing is fun, but to be point blank the devs let this game stagnate to the point where it's been outstripped by miles, by too many other survival/builder games.  We went over 1 year without an update, 1 year."
,Recommended,237870,28195250,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,lost.ninja,"It's a game I have enjoyed and think with continued development it could be pretty amazing. I wouldn't have described it as release quality however.Before I say anything more I should probably say I only play offline/single player. With that said the one 'campaign' that ships with the game while not 100% bug free (And how many games are 100% bug free these days?) is pretty well done, the terrain is well made, the progression is steady and it doesn't take long to learn how to play and to reach your goals. There are one or two areas that could do with sharpening.A large amount of work is placed on the player to create their own vehicles. Yet the tools don't take into account mass, center of gravity, etc. And yet once plaed into the world both of these are pretty essential. Furthermore when using the templates that the game gives you to - I assume - get you started, they either come with parts you have yet to unlock, or don't work as expected. Case in point: The quest was to deliver an NPC to another area, she suggests that now you have unlocked some of the boat parts that you should build a boat to take her to the place she's going.I'm not a boat builder... so I used the templete provided within the system. The boat it produces looks amazing, however most of the parts used are still locked, having removed those parts or replaced them with the parts I can actually create, the boat will barely move without turning turtle. In the end I make a simple log raft that works pretty well instead.Often the obvious mistakes are like this, oversights as opposed to actual bugs or poor design decisions.The game as it stands has three 'modes'. Campaign mode (as mentioned above), Adventure Mode & Creative ModeAdventure mode is as far as I can tell there to show you how much better campaign mode is. It's full of bugs and overall badly designed.Creative Mode is fun for about five minutes, until you realise that while you can build anything you want, you can't interact with the world as there are no animals or NPCs.The game is officially now a full release, but if you want to try it in it's current state just pretend it's still in beta. It's not polished enough or infact complete enough (to my mind) to be called a finished product. It's given me some good enjoyment, and the system to design & buiold vehicles and weapons while not perfect can be quite a bit of fun. So do I recommend this game? Yes but with caution. Good sandbox game it is, finished it isn't."
,Not Recommended,237870,29232010,Posted: 13 January,all,^6Rita Vrataski,"I don't recommend this game at all.  It feels like Pathea rushed development on this to hit their publish date so they can just get it out of the way and work on their new game, Protoform.  I'm not sure why so many developers think that they can handle the development of multiple titles, but it is very frustrating.  I'm sure that the developers will continue to address persistent bugs through updates and patches, but now that they're moving full steam ahead on their new game, I seriously don't expect them to stay on top of delivering the game that they initially promised two years ago."
,Not Recommended,237870,29504589,Posted: 26 January,all,Liroku,"I've had this game for years and I pick it up and play it now and again to see how far it's come along. I usually play for a few hours, put it back down and wait for a few updates, because it's still the same buggy mess. Well, now I find out it's no longer in early access, but the game is still extremely unpolished. I know they will still release updates, but it is NOT a finished product in my eyes.Other than that, the game has/had a lot of potential. Visually it's different from other similiar games, the crafting is really cool because you can make custom items and even share them on steam workshop, you are able to shape terrain, the way you build has a lot of potential, it's not prefabricated walls, you place them block by block, giving you the freedom to build incredible things. I wish these guys would have had the funding or team to bring this to it's full potential, but as it is now as a ""full"" game, I simply can't recommend it."
76561198080019448,Recommended,237870,14089781,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rabbi Goldsteinrosenbergowitz,"This game is really fun for an early access, although I waited until a steam sale and got it for 14.99 (gotta save those shekels, oy vey!).It's like minecraft with great visuals set on some planet with dinosaurs. And jetpacks, planes, boats and bikes. That you build, from scratch in a CAD editor that is actually very simple to learn. It also has a story.It has bugs, nothing too major apart from pathing issues with NPCs.I give it 9 out of 10 yarmulkes."
76561197985745942,Not Recommended,237870,34763796,Posted: 5 September,all,Syn,"The game could have been excellent, however it suffers from mercurial developers who refuse to complete it because it won't make them more money, like typical avaricious early access indies they have no loyalty or care for the people who bought their game early on in good faith that it would be completed.Do not buy this game and be very wary of Pathea's future projects as it's very likely they will be abandoned once they feel like they have enough money to cut and run as well."
,Recommended,237870,13228239,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,A Flying Polyp in the Basement,"An excellent addition to the sandbox adventure/miner sub-genre, Planet Explorers is, in a nutshell, what people who fell for the hype over StarForge were and still are looking for.Where Starbound is basically Terraria in space, Planet Explorers has that same relationship with Minecraft but manages to be better. While Minecraft uses block-based voxels to construct its landscapes, Planet Explorers uses OpenCL. This enables the terrain to be just as malleable as that of Minecraft, but look a damn sight better. Though admittedly OpenCL, being a prototype, has a few bugs, one of which is that vehicles travelling at high speed over rough ground have a tendency to clip through the terrain as of 0.85. That said, the bugs present in the alpha of Planet Explorers, albeit slightly frustrating at times, are easily more forgivable than those incertain AAA games(*stares viciously at EA and Ubisoft*) and barely put a scratch into the rest of the game.Story mode is easily the best of the three game modes, the other two being Adventure (basically Minecraft Survival) and Build (creative mode). Beneath the magnificent visuals - not to mention the aliens themselves (which lookslightlyless silly than those in Starbound) - there is a surprisingly well-crafted storyline with interesting lore and bright characters to explore. Item crafting in Story is tiered depending on how far you are into the story, with simple wooden equipment available for use at the start and more powerful armour and weapons being available for manufacture later on.Speaking of crafting, Planet Explorers has what far too few games of this genre have in my honest opinion - a fleshed-out  and incredibly detailed item creation system that is easily mastered to boot. One can create a huge amount of useful, fully personalised items and vehicles - swords, guns, bikes, tanks, helicopters, boats and airborne dreadnoughts, to name but a few. Unfortunately, it is not possible to create custom tools or armour, and firearms are limited to pistols, assault rifles and laser rifles (but this might change soon). Nonetheless, Planet Explorers' powerful item creation system gives it a big leverage over other games of its genre.To conclude: do I recommend this game? Of course I do. If you can forgive the glitches and bugs (take into account that this is an alpha, and not a fully released game yet), a wonderful sandbox adventure that has the potential to surpass even Minecraft in its scope awaits the lenient."
76561198086361371,Not Recommended,237870,34500371,Posted: 26 August,all,zangatti,"I love this game, I love it to death... But it just doesn't do a lot of the stuff it should.Online gameplay is TOTALLY messed up. Don't even attempt it. Privately hosted servers, IF they are open to the public, are totally stripped of resources. Official servers aren't maintained at all, so when people dig, the earth never regenerates. This is a problem because when you enter the game, you see the nice quaint quest village that you can see on youtube videos of online play. But that's all there is. Just the 6-building village, and then a sheer drop-off into ocean as far as you can see. Griefers totally destroyed the online servers and the devs don't seem to care.So I tried single player. Awesome storyline, really. Building stuff is a bit difficult because you do it in a separate ""application"" where you can't see any scale with your character. I ended up quitting, though, pretty far into the storyline because once you get your colony to a certain size, the game totally lags out pretty often when a villager  decides to go to sleep.If you want to burn 40-60 hours having a great time on a game with slightly bad graphics, try it out. I have lots of fond memories from this game... But damn it, I just can't give it a good rating because online is totally messed up and the damn villager sleep lag."
76561198010668465,Recommended,237870,14524161,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zenophon,"Pretty fun and fantastic looking sandbox game.However, lacks some depth in 'purpose' (what is your 'goal' in the game) and gathering of resources is very clunky and slow.Has a lot of potential and worth checking out, but seriously, don't be one of those 'I just bought an Early Access game and hated it, wtf!' people.  Watch some videos, check out reviews, and if you're just not interested in 'wasting money' supporting a game that isn't finished yet, buy it on sale or don't get it.____Recommended!  This folks stuck with it, as best as I could tell seemed to listen to feedback from the community, improved the game, and released the game!  A lot of companies try to do this, but don't make it, and a lot of early access likewise."
76561198015569520,Recommended,237870,26727879,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,atreju,"I have a really strange feeling about this game. I enjoyed it, thus thumbs up, but I would be really careful about recommending it to anyone. Unless you know you are into such games, don't buy it. It has nice storyline, and I spent hours downloading and tweaking helicopter models, but there is not much beside that.The main supposed feature of the game - dig anything, build anywhere and whatever you want - it is not there. Yes you can dig up any terrain, but there is little sense doing that. You need to dig mines for resources. slowly with wooden tools first, then faster and faster, as you progress through iron, steel, diamond and ultimately CheatEngine universal digging tool, giving you literally billions of any resource in a couple of seconds, because farming in singleplayer is not something I fancy doing during this couple of free hours that I can spare for gaming.Apart from mines, there is nothing to dig for. I never found any caves apart from those from the plot, I never needed to build a bridge, dam or any other stuff that took hours of my time in Minecraft.You can design literally any vehicle, item, armor, weapon, but this design is but a skin. Mechanics-wise that will still be the very same default game object, just reskinned and with tweaked numbers. Vehicles are treated as single objects with HP. You can make a dumb sheet of steel with driver, weapons and engine just sitting on top, or you can make an intricate APC with components shielded by armor, and both these variant will work exactly same. When HP drops to 0, it explodes, can't damage a weapon, engine, or kill the driver.Functional buildings are all pre-made, so you just dig resources and 'buy' a power plant, which is just an object. I remember fun I had, designing monster plants in MC (where you literally build a facility with real output from irrelevant stuff that was not specifically meant for that purpose), nothing of the like here. Building a colony is little fun after you figure that you just need enough even land to place a bunch of buildings-objects together, but can not really design anything meaningful by yourself.Guess were it not for the story, I'd spend way less time in the game, and I have no idea what I'd do in it now. The story does it though, long, catching, true-like, with well-written texts. So, if you are looking for an adventure, that should be fine. If you want advanced Minecraft, it's not that. Not that at all."
,Recommended,237870,13130689,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PlayerWon,"Some of my freinds mocked me for picking this game up. They agreed (almost unanimously) that it looked like something a 12 year old would enjoy. Thats kind of what drew me to the game to begin with, its cutesy sci-fi theming. So they will not pick it up in case a friend of theirs sees it in their library and judges them non adults or some other social convention i dont fully understand.Ill tell you what keeps me playing though, this game rocks! and dirts! and sands! and you can craft almost anything you can imagine. If the item you want is not something you can get a recipe from an npc for, then you can open the object creator and create it. if you have the materials in your inventory, you just export it to the game and BAM! your imagination, now realised. I mean anything too, need a weapon? no problem. need a car? no problem! need a chopper? no problem! need a town? easy as pie!Admitedly, the object creator portion of this game could use some better tutorial in game... but there are a good number of youtube videos showing exactly how to use it (and some tips to using it more efficiently) so really the community has come together where the developers have delayed their efforts.Remembering also that this game is still in alpha (currently at version 0.85a as of this writing), and plans to include items the fans have taken it upon themselves to create and share (tutorials, ISOs, and the like) may be in the works still, this game still plays really well. Ive had to restart the story a few times now, due to saves not being compatible with features added/removed in version patches, but i enjoy it (after the first few missions, anyway) each time since i generally notice something in the story line that i didnt pick up on before.All in all, i would give this game 7/10. The music is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(its easy enough to turn off though), and the grass is distracting at best (the blades are too fat, and obscure the terrain too well imho) but again, easy enough to turn off... The game plays well, but without these 2 features enabled looses a lot of its gloss (themed music that isnt annoying as all get out would increase immersion, and better grass would make surface deposits more visible). I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes this builder/survival genre."
76561198034813352,Recommended,237870,13035655,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Bullethead,"It's crazy.  You run around killing things and getting better items like in any RPG-FPS thing, only it's a bit rogue-like in that you have no idea (at least at first) whether you've bitten off more thna you can chew.  Combine this with almost god-like powers to build things, both permanent fixtures and crafting useable items ranging from personal weapons to land, water, and air vehicles.  And no real documentation so you have to experiment, experiment, experiment.   Oh, and you can starve to death, too, unless you learn how to get food.  And once you get beyond these basics, there's a whole alien world to explore, quests, bosses, the works.   Fantastic concept and incredible freedome.  It can easily become a total time sink."
76561198006888606,Not Recommended,237870,20575382,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,jamesm,"I've played over 195 hours now, and have finally gotten to the point that the ""100%"" load bug make this game unplayable for me.  The game has alot of potential but when you but 10+ hours into a game only to have to restart it because of a load issue, and the only solution is to start a new game... it's just not worth it.Developers are slow to release bug fixes, and alot of the same ones keeps this game from being a really good game."
,Recommended,237870,12608837,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Marinxar,"HiThis game got me captivated from the start, making the long grinding normally associated with sandbox games, a bit easier and faster, without takinganything away from the genre. Harvesting and collecting resources is still a grind, as it should be, but just much easier feel to it.The next thing that really got me, is the very unique creation system. Yeah, you can take parts of a car, connect it with material of your choice, justthe way you want, and if physics permit, it will go. You will tripple your normal game time just playing with this, and it is not limited to cars, butmotorcycles, VTOLs, aircraft, boats, weapons, armours, buildings.... just about anything you can build in game, you can first create and paint in thecreation system.Now, all the game modes is not implimented yet, and there is a lot of bugs still, it is early access afterall, but it is already a great find and thesingle player story line is as captivating and immersive, even better than some AAA games. If I could add a double recommend, I would."
,Not Recommended,237870,33254828,Posted: 4 July,all,Ole Greg,"Planet Explorer's is a beautiful game, with interesting game mechanics but an unfinished feeling the entire gaming experience.  It's a great game if you have the patience for it-the dev's also appear to be constantly updating the game so hopefully this game will improve.First off, the game has a steep learning curve and doesn't fully explain many mechanics in the game.  And just enough bugs and glitches to have you wondering if this is a game glitch or just a mechanic that's not fully explained.  For this game I found that google was my friend and often looked up problems I encounter in the storymode.The building, mining, collecting resources are fun. You have a tool/weapon progress that starts at simple wooden tools and progresses up the technologicl tree as better resources become available. Although this too feels unfinished, as if they intended to release a few more higher teirs of tools and weapons but never released them.As you can see by the pictures, you can craft some amazing things. Custom vehicles, weapons, etc except again there's a large learning curve and it's not very practical. Let me explain. So you wanted to craft a new gun, you collect the necessary parts, enter the creation system and start designing the actual lines of the gun. You make the gun look amazing, except due to the wierd rules of the creation system, your amazing looking gun does little to no damage.  After spending a good chunk of time designing a gun that looked neat but did no damage I entered the creation system. Put all the gun parts in the area and filled the entire area with diamond block. My ""gun"" was a big block of diamond with a barrel sticking out of it, that did 600 damage.  Vehicles also seem to full of problems. Driving cars take high amounts of durability damage along with a plague of other problem that make traveling with vehicles nto really worth it. Which sucks because the map is large and things are really spread out.The Jetpack and glider were my bread and butter for transportation.The storyline wasn't anything special at first, although they threw a few interesting curve balls and twists. I felt like the game ended in a satisfying way, although the overall experience felt like something was missing. Honestly I'd love to see what this game company can do with their second Planet Explorer game.Performance. I had no problem running on max settings, although I noticed that regardless of my settings when NPC colonists would sleep for the night the game were stutter and freeze with performance issues. Upon looking online it looks like this is a fairly common problem.The colony system is an interesting one. They are actually useful at maintaining your colony and will do a variety of tasks. Although the AI isn't very good, NPC would often hangout underwater or walk off tall buildings/cliffs. Various machines that you can build inside your colony have different functions; some of those functions are finished while other's I suspect will be changed in future patches.Although this review is full of criticisms that game is fun, the storyline can be interesting and underneathe all the flaws the game is really amazing. But there's alot of flaws, you need patience to play this game.At first I recommend this in the review and then after a few days comtempllation I reversed my recommendation. It's a great game at it's foundation, but it's not there yet. If the game was still in early access my review would be different. I realize that although I did have fun, it's not likely that I'll replay the game again."
76561198304404101,Recommended,237870,26497435,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Le RottenTM,"Love this game.You can build your own...  everything!Armor, weapons, vehicles, bases, and much moreThere is a learning curve but is worth it, with single player and multiplayer game, story mode, creative mode, and you can share your creations or download stuff made by other players.You could build a glass castle or a wooden airplane, is just amazing!"
,Recommended,237870,26501096,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tchey,"About 30 hours of story, with a great land to explore and discover. More if you enjoy exploring, building, staring at landscape, enjoy awesome fauna and flora...About much more if you like randomly generated worlds and multiplayer.In love with this game since early 2014."
76561198000314864,Recommended,237870,12721882,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kakko,"After playing loads of Terraria, I was looking for something similar in 3D.Therefore I decided to try Planet Explorers, Fortress Craft Evolved, Space Engineers, and Starforge.Unfortunately I haven't tried Minecraft.Planet Explorers is already very content rich and focused very much on crafting.There are tons of different materials, many recipies come in different assembly possibilities (meaning you can craft the same item with different base-items).Crafting a base/colony and protecting it with automated systems is part of gameplay.You can build vehicles, design own items (like vehicles, weapons, housing) for fast crafting in the gameworld in an easy-to-use editor.There is currently a single-player-only story mode, which is fun to play and introduces you step by step into the different concepts of the game, while providing an interesting story.Multiplayer allows you to define your world. You can choose between Game Modes ""Build"" and ""Adventure"" - giving you different access to ressources (Build - as much as you can carry), recipies, and quests. This is combined with 3 different Game Types ""Cooperativ"", ""VS"", and ""Survival"". The difference between these types are how Teams are created for PVP. While in Cooperative, there is only one team, Survival offers no teams - everybody for themself, VS allows you to choose up to 4 teams.This is combined with two options: infinite ressources and play with/without monsters.In adventure mode - npcs offer random quests but with no story on the bigger scale.In multiplayer you are currently limited to 3 character slots.The character customisation is not yet very broad at the moment - but seems to be work in progress.Another cool feature are the different monsters - ranging from very little to really huge.With this the game gets a little the feeling of Final Fantasy."
76561198025884001,Not Recommended,237870,11361457,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,DREW,"[Edited for clarity.]Wait.  If you play this game now, you'll very likely ruin the experience for yourself later.  It's similar to hearing a spoiler for a good movie or sneaking a peak at your presents before Christmas.Here's an example.  There are two epic items to craft in this game: the glider and the jetpack.  Most importantly, there's only onefirst timeyou'll build either of them.  If you really have to struggle and strive for it, then it's an extraordinary reward.  Conversely, as in my experience, if you're able to build both of them in the same session, after less than an hour of mining, then it cheapens the whole experience.Speaking in generalities, the game lacks ballance.  Gameplay jumps up sharply and then plateaus for a long time -- jump, plateau, repeat.For crafting, the game started well, but soon became boring.  I spent a few days hacking at trees, trading, and crafting simple items.  Much too quickly, though, I gained access to advanced recipes, thereby skipping about 80% of the game's content.Difficulty is similarly unbalanced, with roughly 3 levels: wild animals, aliens, and giant robots.  Leaning how to kill the aliens was a fun challenge.  The giant robots, however, are perhaps 10-times more difficult to kill, and there are no enemies between these two levels of difficulty.Survival is way too easy, and without that pressure, gameplay has no tension or excitement.A.I. feels very basic.  The wild animals exhibit no complex behaviors; they don't socialize, eat, sleep, or communicate.  They are nothing more than wandering bags of meat.  The aliens, whoshouldbe intelligent, are glaringly stupid, and this ruins immersion.Visually, the game is gorgeous, and I absolutely love exploring the fantasy world.  Just be warned, though, that gameplay is loose and sloppy.  I've stopped playing because I don't want to spoil the game for myself."
,Recommended,237870,20105451,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Armality,"This is my most favorite game of all time.There aren’t enough tags to describe what this game has to offer. 1st person-3rd person-open world-sandbox-tower defense-base building-crafting-exploration-random gen-massively multiplayer-sci fi-RPG-survival-CO-OP, and much, much more.But that being said… it needs so much work, and yes, I know it is still in alpha.The ambition behind this game is incredible. The delivery is amazing. The overall quality… Not so much. Not yet anyhow.Gathering resources is frustrating and time consuming. It’s almost impossible to dig a hole without having it be massive because where you aim and where you dig is different every hit. The animations make me angry. From swinging a pick to having to stop and kneel to pick up plants and flowers, most take too long and there’s no weight behind them. This makes playing survival or adventure mode very, very time consuming and almost always frustrating.The game lacks any sort of explanation on how things work and you’ll find yourself either giving up in frustration or scouring the wiki and discussions for answers.But underneath the very rough exterior is the most amazing and beautiful game I have ever played. The worlds are huge and richly populated with alien animals, monsters, lakes, rivers, oceans, mountains, and caves. Each player in a world gets their own settlement where they spawn, which could be anywhere (even in the middle of the ocean) due to the games randomly generated worlds. You can farm, mine, hunt, build, explore, swim, and battle massive enemies, robots, mutants and monsters. You can build a mansion on a mountain, or a bunker under one. You can fit your base or settlement with turrets and shield generators to help fend off would be attackers.Seriously, check out some of the all-time popular screenshots in the community hub.But none of that is where the game shines the brightest.Everything from buildings, swords, shields, guns, boats, helicopters, jets, and anything with wheels can be built in a voxel editor. Anything that flies, floats, drives, shoots, blocks or swings. If you can think it, you can build it, and use it in the game. What you can create is almost limitless. This is the ultimate sandbox creative game. It just needs A LOT of polish and some time.I would recommend this game in a second.If anything you just read peaks your interest. If the video on the store page made your eyebrow raise.Buy it.But maybe hold off sinking your teeth in and getting a big bite… Just a little while longer."
,Recommended,237870,26489819,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Logicbomb,It's finally here after over 2 years of EA! if you enjoy sandbox games this is a great one that also has RPG and adventure flowing in its veins.  Unlike most Sandbox games it also has a good story and questlines to follow. The developers are a small team but they have managed to put out a great product and have committed to continue bug fixing and patching after release.
76561198003386037,Recommended,237870,15323423,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Alien Armpit,"You can see i am playing this game for quiet some time now; why do i have so many hours into the game? it's because i am working on cars and ships in the ISO editor most of the time, then go into build or story mode (where i mined enough items and build a colony that works pretty well) and test those creations. At the moment PE is a great construction platform where you can test your creations inside the game environment.That said i am missing alot of tools to be able to make better shapes then you can create right now, or only in very difficult and complicated/timeconsuming ways. While i have alot of time and patience myself, i can see why many players don't really try to make nice looking creations, but only stuff 'to get the job done'. Physics are off too in the game, so that makes it even more complicated, for example leveling a ship so it doesn't tilt, or a car getting stuck on every little bump in-world ect. pp.I get more to the physics later on.The Storymode is fun, because it shows you the mechanics of the game, and introduces you to the basics (and more). At first it can be a little bit confusing when you start in the ship over the planet, but with a little patience you can overcome that.I didn't play multiplayer very long, because it crashed all the time with memory overflow errors. guess i bought it at a time where they just updated the game from 0.86 to 0.87 and a major bug or bugs kept the game crashing for me. I don't want to get too much into detail what it was, but they fixed that pretty fast in 0.871 so it was playable again. That said, you will run out of memory in adventure mode fast when you travel around alot because the game is still 32-bit, which means that you only have about 3 GB of memory for the game, which is not enough for a long playtime, specially when traveling around alot. (The Textures don't  seem to be updated, they just get added until you crash when you run out of memory space.) I can play story mode in nearly best quality for a long time before things go wrong though.The developers are working on a version they call 0.9 which has 64-bit and the new Unity 5 engine, which hopefully solves that memory problem.Gameplay: (i am talking about story mode now, because that is what i usually play:)Although it is alot of fun to play the story, you can see and feel that there is still a lot of work to be done to get the game into more then an alpha stage. i don't really need perfect combat animations, ( they promise to change the combat in 0.9, we'll see), but the world, as pretty as it looks at first glance, becomes pretty uninteresting after a couple hours of gameplay. it just lacks a certain... detail here and there. I think i can explain that to myself reading from others that it's a small team programming the game. How much more detail there will be later on nobody can predict at this point. I also have to put in the fact that the game came out 2 years ago, but they are still working on it, so i see that actually as a positive aspect, keeping a small team in mind.However, there are huge differences in graphics quality that i cannot explain: The animals look GREAT, i mean GREAT GREAT... the area around them for now is more like average compared to them. The animations could be better, but for my taste are more then good enough to make them feel very much alive. The plants, trees and so on on the other hand don't move at all, they are like statues, and if you hit a smaller tree with your ride, it gets damaged and that small tree doesnt move at all getting hit by a 50 t  4x4 tank ;-) .Physics are still lacking here big time, and that is only one example of the physics not really working right atm. I hope they fixe those things later on.The currency in story mode is 'meat', which is... something getting used to. I suggested 'protein' for a supplement, and i got a response they consider it. We'll see :-)  (this is another indicator they take your input seriously)From what i hear they use cash or credit for multiplayer, which is something people just are more accustomed to in games... why just not keep it that way? I never played a game before that uses 2 different currencys in different game modes, and it just complicates things...I understand they want to make the story mode more like a survival game mode, but just using a currency that sort of suggests that isn't enough imho. Don't make currency you can eat... no other food at home? just eat some dollar bills! :-)That gets me to the fact that i never really feel it being a struggle to survive. At all. You must be pretty dumb or very unlucky to die in story mode. (Running into animals you don't know if they attack or not for example... You can avoid those animals quiet easily.) You cannot starve to death, you just run out of stamina and you get slower. That's it. You cannot dehydrate, you don't need to drink. For me those are basics for a survival game, aren't they?I don't really see that myself as a big disatvantage, because i like to play in easy mode(s), so it's more of a relaxed gameplay rather then hectic fighting. Getting old.... ;-) But i am sure it will bother other people. Games like ""7 days to die"" do a better job on that: you take damage if you run out of food and/or water plus you run out of stamina while using tools, even more so when you are out of food.talking about 7 days:On the flipside i don't like those zombies in 7 days (again personal preference), i would prefer dangerous animals that prey on you and that you cannot avoid as easily as in Planet Explorers. But that's another game and another story. I just hope that someday they make a game where the good parts of both games will come together the way i like to play a survival game... :-)back to PE:Spoiler alert:The whole mode shows you how to build a colony at some point, and you can build a monorail later on, which keeps you busy for a while. But survival? Not really at this point. The colony system with planing / harvesting food seems unbalanced and not really needed at all atm, because you cannot die of starvation, you just run out of stamina, and you get slower, that's it. I have a pretty fast computer (i7 3.5 ghz with GTX 770 Nvidia), and my colony is down to about 25 - 30 frames now because of the farming simulation, That really shows it needs alot of optimisation.I would prefer they start optimizing things (balancing, physics better framerates) and make the planet look more alive then filing on combat moves. But that is just a personal preference...I got this game for 50% only a little while ago for 12,50 dollars. (daily deal), otherwise i would have waited longer to buy it. I am happy i got it, i enjoy it alot, even with the shortcomings it still has right now, and as you could see i use it mostly to create stuff. Love that part to death. For 24.99 dollars it's still a good value if you enjoy the story part, which takes you about 20-25 hours to finish (rough guess, depends on many things how long you need for it), and i played that one 2 times alone, because you have the freedom to do it in many ways. Use your imagination.Oh and one important tip: finish the missions one by one, that keeps you out of trouble with bugs. I don't want to go into detail because of spoiler alert and too long of a story :-)I hope you find my pov helpful, thx for reading!"
76561197962554783,Recommended,237870,9436383,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TEMPEST,"I meant to write a review a few hours ago,... but the game distracted me and kept me busy the whole time!!It's not polished yet. But it's functional and fun.FUN!  It's all about functionality right now. Not much in the way of teaching you how to do what you need to do. Just quests and crafting and hunting and building. Still fun!!! and intuitive enough that you dont need any tutorials.The monsters need some kind of name bars or something. There might be a tutorial on the ship before you crash in the future.  I wish the gatherables had some kind of notice, or range ring, or somethign that says  ""get this close before you try to gather"" or "" you are using the wrong tool, you tool"" to cut down on the trial and error. The map has random features that dont seem to coincide with what is there.The focus on functionality has made this ALPHA more fun than many retail releases. Good jorb bra!"
76561198000740616,Not Recommended,237870,26563001,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Regularity,"Another early access game pushed out the door prematurely for the sake of profit. A lot of incompleteness.- No dynamic AI pathfinding; waves of attackers cannot detect player-made bridges, so will stand still and wait to die if they cannot find a path. Even your own colonists are unable to use staircases.- Quest triggers inexplicably fail frequently; I had to load a previous save on at least six seperate incidents in the story due to the game not detecting me having brought certain NPCs to the objective point.- Indoor dungeons have no ambient sound, no footsteps, no sfx for moving objects, etc.- Storyline ends abruptly and without closureThe game itself has potential for excellence, but it feels like one where the developers dreamed too big and ran out of budget near the end, so had to launch it without polish. A few more months of polish and it could have earned glowing reviews."
,Recommended,237870,19928141,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Beaf,"((i love this game but the world generator is in a horrible state atm :( ))Ok i have played .9 and i am very happy to say that the world gen is fixed as far as i can tell! the fact that we can play story cooperatively is awesome, there are many different gamemodes worth many hours of gameplay! also im getting close to 70 frames on ""Fantastic"" graphic settings, i belive the devs were right to rework the game. in my eyes a0.9 is a great success although a little late.... still a great release!"
76561198020874000,Recommended,237870,26513158,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tiberius,"This game is a unique experience that you won't find elsewehere.  There are a lot of really cool aspects to it that make it fun and intriguing if you can get past some of the rough edges.  Whether you gets hours and hours of entertainment out of this game (like I did) or get annoyed with it probably just depends on what you're looking for in a game.If you're looking for a game where you can explore, gather, craft, DESIGN & build at your own pace without worrying about frantic optimization and balance, this game is for you.  If you enjoy a mysterious and compelling story taking place in the early days of interplanetary travel, this game is for you.If you're looking for a super-polished, combat-focused, silky-smooth gameplay experience, this game is probably not for you.Overall 8/10.Here's a breakdown:The Good:Smooth voxels!  Rest in peace to damn ugly cubic voxels.Compelling story left me wondering what happens next.Resource gathering, crafting, colony development, and customization is well-developed.The environment visuals are pretty good considering almost everything is desturctible/interactable.The Mediocre:The music is well composed, but the lack of variety makes it a bit repetitive.Combat is passable, but not exceptional.Needs improvement:Voice acting is not the best.  The engineer in me cringes at some of the mispronounced technical jargon.NPC behavior can be erratic at times, especially during quest transitions.I was certainly able to look past some of these underdeveloped aspects of the game and still derive a ton of entertainment and satisfaction playing it."
76561197977555236,Not Recommended,237870,29563593,Posted: 29 January,all,MugHug,Yet another inexperienced developer who took on too much and is cutting their loses by coming out of Early Access before the game has been completed and letting the paying customer down.The common result of Early Access.
76561198016680795,Not Recommended,237870,29548296,Posted: 28 January,all,Caillou,Why tf would you leave early access when the game is not finished.Devs you say future updates will occur but I doubt it will be anything major. This game needs work and you need to finish it if this game doesnt get fixed I have no intention in buying anything else from you.
,Not Recommended,237870,22751616,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,abccool2,"(funny I come back and there is a permanant price drop to $15. I guess they consider the game ""done"" or just gave up. I knew this game wasnt gonna get aware with the constant community clean up they do and silencing people who speak out and lack of interest in actually doing patches and adding content thats worth a ****)This game has been in development for many years now and it's gotten no where basicly and by the time this game is actually something that can be recognised as done, it will be outdated, especially with the VR system slowly nipping at developers' heels. I feel this statement should be made before anyone bothers to read on.As a long term game for people to immerse themselves in and love. A long term game that will be one to come back to for many years to come, this game is NOT that game.This is a broken game now and a waste of an investment for the rapidly changing future to come.First off, I'm going to state how low the patch rate for this game has been, the type of rate where there was a whole YEAR before a patch came out.Everything about this game is a bit dodgy, down to the operating system problems that developers roll their eyes at crying ""alpha, alpha."" to the harrassment of reviews, I've seen countless reviews including my own being hounded by a developer and a community spokes person or whatever they call themselves. I'm sure as someone reading this you'll notice comments on others' reviews by such persons as well as mine. Comments saying ""we re-wrote the game so that's why it looks worse"" on comments from those saying the game has managed to look worse two years later, which it has! To things like patch releases claiming fixes but in more than a few cases any fixes aren't even noticable among the CLUNKY crap pile they expect us to be blissful over.In 2014 the developers told everyone they were aware the game does not work for Mac and they were ""working on the problem"", today STILL many MAC users suffer much hardship with this game down to simple things like the launcher working properly or carrying on with their fingers crossed praying for things not to crash for the millionth time, and they still sell it advertised as compatible for Mac. I guess you can call it compatible if you really want to stretch the truth paper thin. What makes me laugh though is this situation has been approached with such ignorance by developers, like ""it's your rig"" but let me tell you when someone has been playing games on their new MAC for a couple months with other games with no problem and then crash endlessly with Planet Explorers, I'm feeling there is a bit more than a rig problem there. The game does crash even with windows which I currently use. I've had crashes with this game on windows 7 and 10.""Oh wait, give me a moment the launcher is not responding... My computer just froze"" problem...Also the personal issues, this game makes me feel like it induces headaches, legitamitly, the graphics somehow a hint of fuzzy even with a GeForce GTX 960 and 16GB of RAM and a 8core processor, I should be set for this game and the sounds, I feel like there is always this static background noise going on, but they want us to think it's a breeze or the ocean... I'm sorry but a breeze doesn't sound like that. I feel like I spent most of my time playing this game just taking excedrin migraine pills just to continue not to mention the clunkiness of the game in general is stress inducing.The game suffers constant crashes and corrupt save files and when a update does come around you need to restart your game.The developers have been working on this game for two and a half years before being put on steam, now an additional three years and its practically in the condition and place in development as it was in the beginning of it's steam release, some would even argue it's gotten worse since it's steam release.250k copies sold at $24.99 give or take. I bought this game right after release and I bought two copies, I have so much regret250k x 24.99 = $6,247,500http://steamspy.com/app/237870I see such little effort on this game it hurts, this game needs a better budget plan. They have enough money to develop this game more than they have, anyone can see that by glancing at the patch notes.Had a great time struggling through constant crashes and corrupt save files only finding myself to start all over again many times.10/10 Would Prefer The Stinging Of My Zoom Teeth Whitening Treatments Over Crash Landing On This Planet And Exploring Ever Again."
76561198093083218,Recommended,237870,13360176,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Pilot,"Exactly what I've been looking for!I have been in a state of distress ever since seeing some pre-release footage of 'No Mans Sky', and this has filled that hole perfectly! A massive, wonderous, and dangerous open world crafting game with far more posibilities than I've had time to explore. Explore, farm, build, fight! This is a great game to play alone or to get stuck in with some friends, as you form a squadron of jetpack lunatics zooming around the map!Even as a early access game, it's a solid 8/10"
76561198117191419,Recommended,237870,31021720,Posted: 8 April,all,Valravn,"This game in a word: Ambitous. There are a lot of things I love about this game and its a shame that it isn't more popular. Being honest here, I thought the game was still in early access. Its definitley a bit rough around the edges but its still pretty enjoyable.Likes:-Fantastic Crafting System-Custom Vehicles and Gear that you get to make in an easy to use editor-huge variety of flora and fauna, all excellently modeledDislikes:-Audio design is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of the sound effects are awful)-Textures aren't as high resolution as I would like-Cringy main menu music(seriously, who puts vocals in a video game soundtrack???)Notes: I've never seen voxels used in this way before. The level of customazation is over the top. However, in adventure mode the terrain can do some very weird things like make spikes and ridges out of nowhere that make no sense. Also the caves are quite boring. I'm not fond of the Sexed armor/clothing, I was trying to go more androgenous with my character but now she's running around in a skimpy hunters outfit because she can't wear male clothing lol.For the Devs: Excellent models, the terrian generation needs some tweaking, and you should fire whoever did you audio(lol). AND LET ME CROSS DRESS FFS!!!!!7/10- Can't do a Mulan"
76561198044060889,Not Recommended,237870,29271071,Posted: 15 January,all,Gigoveth,"this one is really hard to review.Pros - really good sandbox, with lots of crafting options etc. Nice graphics. Great soundract. If only it was a finished product...after a few hours in adventure mode, when my base was finally set up and had lots of colonists assigned to all task the story mode got to a point where I had to deal with a virus. It wouldn't be a hard thing if it wasn't for the fact that a key NPC went missing Adisa just dissapeared. Even though I can see her in the list of colonists she is nowhere to be found. Too bad as the last dialogue suggested she found something related to the virus.Several times I saw my colonists drift through walls, ceilings/floors so I assume my key character got stuck somewhere among voxels :( All in all I cannot go any further in the story mode.Also it is worth mentioning that when a base grows it also happens to affect controls in some way - right mouse button does not work as it should near my base (i.e. I cannot pick up my vehicles). When I move certain distance from my base - problem dissapears.All in all the game is far from finished. If the devs finish it and solve the problems with dissapearing NPCs and other stuff the game will be simply great."
,Recommended,237870,9438858,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,[KUUD]Kuregi クレージ,"Absolutly amazing Game I recommend this more then any other game. it has gorgeous visuals and many aspects of gaming.You can build what you like Conquer whom you like, Hunt the aliens explore and mine and gather resources its a mix of all good games in this yearIts a 10/10 rated game in my opinion only problem is some lag as they are still trying to get the visuals right. You most certainly need a very powerful Pc like and i7 and a powerful Graphics card to play this but its worth it.no other game i have seen on steam is as good as this this has everything the average gamer needs  possibilities are almost endless on this game And the replayability is really good."
,Not Recommended,237870,32401833,Posted: 13 June,all,x2006charger,"Oh, Planet Explorers. The potential you had.  When it first popped up, it seemed like a decent Minecraft clone, with some MMO bits for good measure. And it even has a thing which allows you to design your own vehicles! ( Seriously, aside from prefab wheels and an annoyingly large cockpit, you make the rest out of voxels, and you can even use your own materials!) I've lost hours and hours to that vehicle creation system.But the game itself? Pretty bland, actually. The characters are dull, the voiceovers are pathetically awful, and the AI is just... Well, the 'I' doesn't stand for 'intelligence' here.There's also graphical issues aplenty, weird inconsistencies with the characters ( Like for eaxmple how some have voiceovers and some do not, some will give you the same quest over and over again, etc.) Also, the weather seems to sporadically decide whether your structures can block water or not. Vehicles randomly flip for no reason, and there's no way to adjust the turning radius of the cars. Flying is.... Interesting, to say the least.It's really a shame with a lot of this because the story ( And there IS a story) gets interesting as you get deeper into it. Sadly I've never gotten much past the desert because of the bugs. And the vehicle creator ( Which makes more than just vehicles, by the way) has some huge potential. Or had. It doesn't seem they're doing any work to it at this point. As it sits it's pretty good.I'd love to give this game a recommend, especially if it was still considered alpha/early access.... But it seems this is the complete game, and as such, I'm going to have to not recommend it, for now. Change my mind, Pathea. Make your game shine."
76561198103068692,Not Recommended,237870,32119098,Posted: 1 June,all,skinnytits,"Love this game, the content is great.But it is very buggy. Sometimes it does not start. It is likely not worth the money for most, sale or not.NOTE: I asked for a refund as of now. NOT WORTH IT. Trust me and my overly frustrated self, any fixes online are not comprehensive enough."
,Recommended,237870,19121815,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Jastin Bail,So I downloaded this game. and thought it was utter CRAP! but.. I played it a bit. and got some friends to play and the game  became much better. the object building system wasnt the best explained thing but I fully enjoyed the game I cant wait to see it when its finished.
76561197972313659,Recommended,237870,24956106,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Willemdb,"Around a year and a half ago I gave this game a negative review, which I felt was honest and accurate at the time due to the lack of progress and multiple missed deadlines by Pathea during early development.Because of the recent beta release, I am happy to be able to change my review to positive.There are still issues in the game, especially with melee combat controls, but generally the game is enjoyable and the developers seem to have learned from past mistakes.I have only been playing story mode in single player since beta, so I can't comment on multiplayer functionality, but for me the game is currently worth the money and probably one of the best voxel based survival games available on early access.The quest system in story mode, ISO creation system and lack of zombies makes for a refreshing change to standard “cookie cutter” survival games that have flooded the market in recent years."
76561197993116745,Not Recommended,237870,17154993,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Aoris,"One year has passed and the game is still in alpha stage, not even beta and be sure it will stay in alpha for ever. The proof is that we now have ""beta updates"" of an ""alpha game"", totaly nonsense, if the game is in alpha then all updates are normal updates. So don't be fooled, what you buy now is the final game and should be criticized like every other game, not as early accessAnd for now, here is what is the actual game:- Really poor optimization. FPS drops/ stuttering (often 20 fps with a rig wich run every actual games at 60fps ultra )Nearly unplayable when fight againt more than 2 or 3 mobs- Graphics not as good as in trailer, sometime look like a 10 years old game, crappy textures/models/animations- Bugged story mode due to awfull pathfinding (npc can be teleported undermap, you have to save/reload many times)- Most sounds are missing (turrets have no firing sound, fighting creatures have no sound, etc). The few sound wich are present are crap (gunshot sound, footstep)- There are 3 music running in loop, they are awfull and absolutly no SF.- Memory leak that makes the game laggy as hell after an hour- Crashs Crashs Crashs"
,Recommended,237870,16477882,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lord X51,"Epic game, lots of fun if you like building games. For $24.95, even at full price this game is well worth the value. The developers have made good on many of their promises, though they may have set their own bar too high. As it stands, if this game never got another update I feel like a certainly got my moneys worth - much better than many AAA games that costs $49 or $59 on Steam. No Man's Sky will have a lot more stuff to do (a similar game on the horizon), but it will also be a $60 game. ;)So a couple points about Planet Explorers:Build Tools ROCK! Love how easy it is to just pull and drag out whole walls, columns, floors you name it. What might take a few days in a game like Minecraft to build you can get done in 1 day since the tools make building both faster and more fun. The barrier to entry in regards to building your first castle right from the start is almost none.Exploration is pretty cool. You can walk around for hours discovering new stuff, new mobs, locating hard to find resources. If you like to just explore and see what the world has to offer, this is a good game to do it in.Smooth Voxel epicness! No more Minecraft cube clone with this game.Combat is OK. It could use a little more fine tuning obviously, but it is there, it works and plenty of weapons to craft to take down both standard enemies and bosses. Yep, it has bosses and they are HUGE and dangerous. ;)Colonies and multiplayer. Multiplayer just makes it great - team with friends, load up a previously worked on world and work on building your empire together. I currently play this with two other friends and we always have fun.Active developers. It is a small team so what you can expect for a game of this complexity? As I stated before, in it's current state, $24.95 is a steal for how many features are in this game. If it never got another update I would be fine. That being said, the developers, while sometimes a little slow, stay on top of the project and continue to work on stuff and make it better and bigger.In conclusion, with the transition to Unity 5 an already great looking game just got even better looking. Don't expect lightening quick updates and constant patches every couple weeks or month - and honestly, this game doesn't need it. It is stable, it is fun and offers something differnt from all the cube based Minecraft clones out there."
,Recommended,237870,14715246,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Klingenmeister,"Ive done my waiting! 4 Years! And still we dont get a decent successor of minecraft!Planet Explorers has the first engine which look decent. Other than other Unity voxel games it goes a new way, away from the block shaped minecraft clone worlds.What is the engine capable of?- generating a very nice looking 3D environment, with rivers, lakes, hills, mountains and endless oceans. A whole map can be 40x40km, thats not even close to be as big as a minecraft world, but still big enough to satisfy a great number of players.- having a lot of free roaming animals, that even work in groups, defend each other or fight other species.- having building sized boss enemis, with a great amount of different attacks (I mean seriously building sized, they are ♥♥♥♥ing huge).- complete voxel based 3D mapping. You can dig through every mountain for ressources, still the areas arent made of simple cubes, also you dont have a restriction of placing objects in a square system. And sometimes you can find gigantic caves, that even have lakes and rivers inside of them, big enough to fly through them with helicopters.- oh yeah, the game also has vehicles and guns. And the best part is: You can build them all by yourself (this would be maybe the current core element of the game)- A colony system with real working NPCs like a Real Time Strategy GameWhat are the cons?- lack of actual exploring stuff- lack of balance (if you start on a gold and iron / aluminium spot, you can make your end equip in 30 minutes, or you die over and over again, because there is an enemy alien camp right ahead and constantly raiding you)- from patch to patch fluctuating between super stable and crashing every 15 minutes- you need a high end PC- you need to be very creative in crafting, or you are bound to other players workshop stuff- overpowering open world bosses are way to easy- sometimes annoying gamebreaking bugs like selfkill with a melee weapon- lack of content to doThe main course:Crafting:The game comes with a complex editor, that allows the player to design his own guns, swords, shields, vehicles, boats and helicopters. It also allowes to craft free style objects without deeper purpose, that can be used as furniture, from a simple chair to a laptop with detailed screen.Being awesome as it is, the editor doesnt glance with user friendlyness. Even making a corner or edge or diagonal structures can be a pain, creating round, sharp, beautiful looking or complex filigrane objects are only possible by...I dont know...havent figured it out jet. And the other players arent really helpful in answering this question.Also using material for your objects changes its abilitys. Every ressource has stability and weight, with aluminium being the most useful ressource, due to its strength and low weight. Creating a good looking weapon and also giving it good stats can be a painful balance act. For example I figured out, that a strong gun should have 40 aluminium as building costs. That way it would have 170 damage and exactly 100% accuracy. Every try of building it bigger would decrease the accuracy under 100% so that the gun wont shoot a straight line anymore.Swords are even worse because I still havent figured out, how to craft sharp blade structures with the editor. But the damage of the blade is calculated from the size of the weapon and how sharp the front is. I have found a workaround, but I dont think this is the way the game should be used.Building vehicles is awesome, but currently the game restricts you, wherever it can. You are not allowed to use every vehicle part for every type of vehicle. You have restrictions of maximal parts of one type. I dont know if that is supposed to be some sort of balancing...For example you can use big thrusters instead of rotors for your helicopters, but you cant use those thrusters in other vehicle types. Yeah, maybe it doesnt work this way, but...why do I also cant use the helicopter energy cells on ground vehicles? I can use them on boats, why not in a car? That way, a tank rapitly runs out of fuel and ammo and isnt capable of doing long range scouting + fighting great amounts of enemys.All in all you still can do a lot with the editor. More options are already announced (armor crafting).Colony:While in minecraft you only build houses to feel happy (and be save at night), here you can build up a functional colony, with defence systems, factorys and farming. Also you are able to recruit NPCs to work for you. This currently only works in Singleplayer.All in all Planet Explorers is a decent try of a open world sandbox, where you finally literally can do, what you want. I hope they wont let us down."
,Recommended,237870,28777491,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,NutellatheHun,"If you want a survival game this is not it! However this is a lovely exploration game.The game still has gathering, crafting, building, monster hunting, Npc party members, and an amazing custom building system for gear.Just dont go into this game thinking its a survival game you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,237870,12501553,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DutchKiwi,Minecraft + Rust + Spore9/10 (early acces rating)
76561198135285063,Recommended,237870,24548991,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Alazynorthener,So I put a decent amount of time into this game and these are my thoughts on the game.- The ISO systemThe ISO system is easy to use you pick some base parts (like gun barrels and handles.) and put the materials you pull out of the ground onto them to create new and personalised weapons vehicles and aircraft.- Adventure ModeThe Adventure Mode is the sandbox mode essentially and you get dropped onto a randomly generated world that can be fairly large with just the basics and you can do anything from there.-Story ModeFrom what I played they have an interesting allbeit cliche story. The background information and the landmass you play on are both plentiful and interesting. They added a lot more since the last time i played and I am genuinely excited to play it.-Build modeThis mode gives you all the equipment all the materials and is just for testing ISOs. No AI spawn which is unfortunate because i would like to test my weaponry to see if they work well or not and build a huge colony.-MultiplayerI have only played Multiplayer a handful of times it seems pretty well fleshed out it plays like Adventure mode but has other players in it.All in all I enjoy the game and will continue to play it in the coming years. This game is still in early access and still needs work done so while playing I recommend not looking at the bugs to hard and to make note of them and let the Devs know.
76561198079074447,Not Recommended,237870,26568204,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cryptozy,"My first review ever so bear with me.To start of with the good things:- Huge world- A lot of customization- A ♥♥♥♥♥on of exploration- Enormous amounts of things to craft and buildNow for the ""less good things""- The music is absolutely terrible. It's so cringey that I almost wanted to refund the game right away before I even loaded up singleplayer. It really sounds like something Family Guy or South Park would make a complete episode about.- The combat is awful to say the least, it feels really sluggy and most of the time you will be bashing your left mouse button because there is no option to hold it down and keep attacking. Also a lot (all?) of the enemies won't even flinch when you hit them with a 5 meter long sword, making combat feel more like a turn based system then action.- The movement is buggy as hell and is very unresponsive, feels very unpolished.- Dungeons, those pop up randomly on your map, and most of the time come in forms of a huge mountain with an entrance or some desolate factory which you can enter. Thing is, these things are so big and pop up randomly, making them vanish just as quick again if you just run slightly from it. Very immersion-breaking, they also make some weird noise when they show up which sounds like a seagull being strangled by a string of plastic. The dungeons itself feel mostly empty and get boring really (i mean really) quick. The mobs in it are way to strong for their level and take a lot of hits before they actually die. I wouldnt consider this a bad thing if the combat itself is actually good and responsive, but most of the time mobs just miracolousy dodge my attacks despite me standing half a meter from them.- The map drawing and fps is low considered to other games of the same caliber, but this could be due to the slugginess the game itself already has.Overall this feels like a game which hasn't been polished at all, also the fact the devs consider this game ""finished"" makes me suspicious for the future for this game. I do not recommend this game for this price at the moment."
76561198015950691,Recommended,237870,9442632,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Munkee,"Great game, very fun and in depth crafting and building system. One of the better early access games I have plated. Starter guide here!http://youtu.be/W271ndeJB-Q"
76561198139636022,Recommended,237870,15134508,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,AriusTzuChi,"Minecraft in space with NPCs, quests and enemy AI.  Loads of fun, seriously.The ISO (mini-mod) system where players can build custom guns, vehicles, aircraft, swords, etc. gets a little buggy, but it's really cool.Bought a second copy so my sons and I could play multiplayer on our own world.Looking forward to further development from Pathea!10/10 - Would airstrike alien villages again."
76561198052051437,Not Recommended,237870,29566019,Posted: 29 January,all,PaulGR,"Waited for years for it to develop.Recently it came out of EA and it's still the same buggy/half-made game it was 3 years ago. Instead of the price increasing as it went out of EA, it actually received a price drop, basically screwing up all the supporters (I actually bought it more expensive as an EA than the price it currently has as a released product).Oh well, they probably realized it ain't even worth 5$...Briefly:-Clunky controls.-Bad UI.-Non-existent combat.-Weird animations(from weird movements to/ not being sure if you actually swiped your weapon and hit the enemy).-Big but mostly uninteractive and non-immersive world(Yes, you can dig and make a boxy hole anytime in the ground and so on, but it feels empty and dead - no soul to it).-""Settlements"" are worst than Diamond City in Fallout 4, no real place where you can tell some civilization exists.-Not bad per se but monotonous music.-Some lines are voiced(I'd rather it was not voiced at all than suddenly having a line in a paragraph voiced and the rest just text, leaving me waiting like an idiot).-Limited character creation(Just a few preset heads/hair styles but weirdly many colors).-All NPCs are basically the same copy paste so nobody stands out or is memorable.-Story a bit decent but consumed by the negatives.It could actually become a very good game, but unfortunately it didn't receive the love it required from the Devs.I'd probably not pick it up at all, but if you are THAT interested, then don't pay more than 5$ - 6$Although short, I hope I've been helpful."
76561197999981803,Recommended,237870,9604616,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Mr.GrAnD,"Alot to say here...This is a story worth telling: Yours.This game is in Alpha but shows more promise to be a huge hit than most others I've seen. It is the future and you are on a ship heading to a distant planet to colonize it. As you begin landing preperations you hit something in orbit and the ship crashes to the surface.You wake on a grass- grass on this planet anyway- grass covered valley. Your escape craft smashed half burried in the new planet's soil, a crew member is injured sitting nearby and you are her only hope to survive. You must hike over a hill in the distance to bring a doctor to help her. Luck has it, he survived as well.You learn that other escape ships have landed around the planet and you need to find them. To do this you must EXPLORE.Okay. That is roughly the first ten minutes of the game.The rest is literally up to you.You must gather resources from the planet to survive. You have a handy replicator in your pocket and as rewards the people you help give you some ""scripts"" that you add to it, then when you have the needed supplies it can create what you need. It is slightly difficult for example to make a working weapon you may need two or three componants. Raw metal or wood and some maybe refined items. The refined items would have to be made ahead of time from the needed resources they call for. Once you ave all the needed building blocks you choose how many to make and press the button. Easypeasy.You start with wood tools and weapon and as you find other resources you can build better stuff.I hate to disapoint but their ar no zombies in this game.The main currency is meat. You get meat from... Thats it boys and girls! Animals. This planet has alot too. The creatures they have made to inhabit the planet are... interesting. The seem to mostly be six limb based and multi-eyed. Very cool all give a feel of alien and I found myself running to the next hill thinking ""Wow, what the heck is that?""You interact with left and right clicks after equiping the correct tool. To fight you left click with weapon. To gather you right click. You have a portable scanner you can use to scan the area around you to look for resources so you know where to dig. Probably alot more I didn't try but what I did manage to check out looked good.The planet has a day/night cycle and when it gets dark mean buglike creatures that are very aggressive come out to feed. On you. Thats very bad. They emerge from the vast underground caverns that are everywhere under your feet and if you tunnel a mineshaft into one of these caverns you better have some good weapons. And a light source. Because it is dark and dangerous.All this is played in the single player mode from your computer. An online peer hosted multi-player option is available with play modes of: Adventure, Versus and Build. I tryed Adventure and found them to be alittle buggy and some lagged alot. you have the option to host your own but you must do some port forwarding and I had no luck with that.If the devs of Planet Explorers keep up the pace, this will be a fine addition to your library if you enjoy adventure.I believe it is made with the Unity Engine so the games graphics are fair and the models are slightly cartoony, with some animation flaws and simplistic actions. The maps are gianormous!! With many types of biomes.I have read some of the ideas they have for the future and am impressed and waiting to see it implemented. Entire player created worlds you can visit. All kinds of ecosystems. Fully player DESIGHNED weapons, armor, vehicles, housing and more. In fact an in game building tool allows you to add texture and colors as well as the look of alot of things already. Not to be confused with the standard building in the game anyway...did I mention it is a voxel based game- You can alter the ground's look and build structures via the ""minecraft"" like build system.This promises to give adventure, exploreing, building, gathering fun for many, many hours with endless possability for replay.Dang forgot the natives- big, armored, flame throwing owners of the new planet you dropped onto... And boss fights with giant robots and flying things and....Oh nevermind. You will find them... Of course they could find you too...-GrAnD"
76561197972244201,Recommended,237870,25206725,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pebblegarden,"One-line review: Highly recommended. Planet Explorers is a remarkably good game, once you've learned the controls and UI.More in-depth version:I bought this game ages ago, and it's come a long way since I first tried it. The more I play the current version of Planet Explorers with my friends, the more impressed I am. It just clicks with me, in a way ARK did not for many reasons.Here's a real story from last night's gaming session with my friend Bandito. He and I went to the beach in search of petroleum (I have to say, that scanner tool is AWESOME). Finding some about 100 feet from the surfline, we started digging. I wasn't sure how the game would handle a hole in the sand, so close to the ocean; my best guess is I'd hit the water surface when I dug down to sea level, or maybe no water at all. As it turned out, we dug below the waterline without a problem, and after a few minutes we had joined our two tunnels and met back up, underground. A few minutes later, Bandito said, ""Oh no, water incoming!"" He'd dug too close to the actual shore and now seawater was filling our mine at a rather troubling rate. I frantically dug myself an exit and barely avoided drowning underground. When we were both safe, the entire excavation was filled to sealevel with water. It's impressive that the game actually modeled fluid water voxels filling up a cavity once it was connected to the ocean.There are so many things I like about this game.The world feels vast. You can see for miles, and somehow the distances feel more impressive than they do in ARK. While ARK is graphically amazing, it also gave me a curious feeling of confinement which I didn't realize until I played PE.The game is suffused with a sense of discovery and strangeness. I really feel as if I'm exploring an exotic alien world.There's an actual story to the game, and it's interesting.The crafting system (indeed the whole UI) is remarkably good, far better (in my opinion) than ARK's. For example, your replicator shows the items needed to make a thing right on the creation panel, and you can click directly on the sub-ingredents and go to their own production screen. Thus if you are lacking a sub-sub-sub-ingredient it takes only three simple clicks to drill down to the thing you need. It's astonishingly well designed and should be the gold standard for any game that does crafting.The Inventory is similarly well-handled, with subtabs for the various types of stuff. They also include a ""Reorder Items"" button that does an awesome job of tidying up your inventory and putting things in an order that makes sense. One-click magic!I haven't dived into the voxel-based builder yet, but the tutorial videos I've seen are amazing. You can make weapons, vehicles, all sorts of things.Planet Explorers has just the exact proportion of danger/sightseeing I like, whereas ARK was far too brutal for my taste. I can roam much more freely in PE, and mostly avoid (or successfully flee from) the really dangerous predators. Mishaps do occur, but they feel fair rather than punishing.The game handles co-op story quests better than any other game I've played. If one player takes a quest, all of them have it. Everyone gets the rewards, too. And if one player does quests alone on the server, while others are offline, her companions will have the rewards also when they log on. It just feels right, and works perfectly.If you want to host a game, you need to set up port forwarding on your router for UDP ports 9900-9915. But that's not necessary to just join a game. My friends and I have been very impressed with the smoothness of connection, and only occasionally saw rubberbanding...but then we're playing in Canada, the US, and Chile. Quite a lot of internet between all of us!Because this game is still in Beta, the game has some unfinished animations and outright bugs, but they're not too bad and Pathea has a good track record of fixing those that crop up.My least favorite thing about the game is the horrible music which plays at the multiplayer server screen. It's pretty enough the first time you hear it, but it can't be shut off and loops endlessly. It's also far too loud, I can't even hear my friends over Teamspeak while it plays. Please, please, Pathea, give me at least a volume control for that music."
,Not Recommended,237870,14458224,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Foul Mouth,"WAIT TO BUY THIS GAME.P.E. still needs a lot of polishing, but I think the game is, even for Early Access, at a point that it can be very fun and is playable, which compared to other Early Access games is saying something. The downsides start to pile up when you look at multiplayer, which honestly is pretty damn lackluster, as well as a HORRIBLE mess for server admins, and personally I bought this game to play with friends, not by myself.The creation and sharing system is by and far the strongest plus for this game, it's fairly easy to make things that look and perform well, and even better that you can spend more time and effort to make something that mimics something from real-life, another game, book, anything. Single-player and the story-mode are fantastic, and paced well, it allows you to learn the game at a fairly brisk pace without swamping you with all the extras and nuances to the game and others like it. However, multiplayer is a bit of a different beast, and the main reason I can't reccommend the title.My first issue with multiplayer is that a large chunk of the game is inaccessable. All the stuff is still THERE, buildable, and the like, but it doesn't actually DO anything, because a few other bits and pieces are not buildable, so essentially you waste a lot of resources getting to what would have normally been considered the mid-game from a single player standpoint, which is establishing a colony. Essentially, multiplayer in its current state is adventuring and roaming around in whatever vehicle you may whip up, fighting the bosses and building houses that house nothing but yourself. Which, if this is your cup-of-tea, you would love multiplayer as it is now.From an admin perspective, you may as well just be another player. Your UI is not changed save the ability to kick and ban players from the server - but only if they are online at the same time as you - there is no server log of players actions, any way to report bad players or similar functions. You need to rely on a 3rd party resource such as a forum to get this across and *hope* an admin is online at the same time as the offender. Not to mention, there is not console for admins. If the server bugs out, as it frequently does due to being Early Access and people lose things, well, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ The developers at Pathea don't agree that admins should have the power to spawn anything, it exists, just not for anyone who isn't a game dev:http://board.pathea.net/index.php?topic=391.0IMO: that's the stupidest excuse I've ever seen. as it boils down to something akin to 'We can't trust you with the console' which is silly. If players don't like how an admin operates their server, they'll look for a different one.At this stage in the Alpha, I DO enjoy the game as a single player experience, as the game is decently polished in that regard, but if you are looking to buy this more for a multiplayer focus, wait until it is further polished.EDIT: It is worth noting that the main site, where the developers post updates has been hacked several times in the past month, so the forum link may be inaccessable. Not entirely the developers fault, but a show that Pathea is a bit rough-on-the-rails and slow in development in part due to their attention being elsewhere. Prior to the hacking, development was still pretty slow, but they maintain contact with early-adopters, which I see as a plus."
,Recommended,237870,24736040,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,eremetic,"I first got the game when it was very, VERY early access - and honestly, there wasn't much to it then and it needed a lot of polishing. I decided to give it time. I recently picked it back up, and can confidently say it is much better now! Honestly, I really am waiting for more NPC polishing to give the world extra flavour, because there are so few good survival/building/exploration games which focuses on the sense of community between survivors. I would love to see that better implmented in Planet Explorers, and it seems that is just what is planned!"
76561198290161320,Recommended,237870,31784977,Posted: 16 May,all,Arskov,"I've always loved creating things and seeing those things put to use in a game. It's what drew me to modding, what makes Space Engineers one of my favorite games of all time, and why I love survival games. Now with that said, Planet Explorers has set the bar for me. Any survival game will let you make things. Minecraft will let you make houses and castles and god knows what else. Space Engineers will let you make starships and stations and a whole pile of other things. But never have I seen a game that lets you design things as basic as your weapons and armor. And it's not just allowed, it's encouraged! Sure the voxel system takes a little getting used to, but once you figure it out the possibilities are literally endless. Got a favorite gun from another game or a movie? Bam. Make it. Like someone's clothes in a show? Bam. Make it. Want to drive around in the Oscar-Meyer Wienermobile? Bam. Make it.Gameplay-wise PE is a little rough. Like any open-world sandbox game there are issues. For some games those issues can be a deal-breaker, but PE? In this case, the pros FAR outweigh the cons. Sure the graphics can be a bit janky at times and I can't help but wonder what the dev team's primary language is ('cause it sure as hell wasn't English), but the game itself is solid. The crafting system is steamlined, the gathering isn't nearly as sadisticly grindy as most survival games, and the worlds are interesting to explore and colonize. I can easily lose myself for hours on end with this game, which is nice given that I recently started working for a different company and am now working the graveyard. With nothing to do but wait for calls to come in, this game makes the time in between fly by.All in all I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys surivival games or is looking to try one for the first time... and I'm always excited to see what both the community and the dev team have in store for us.P.S.: Be careful when setting up a custom map. It's quite easy to end up with something that looks like a 20-square-kilometer setpiece for Waterworld. @.@"
,Recommended,237870,26492946,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,rockyjvec,"I've been playing this game on and off since the very beginning of the Early Access.  It's one of, if not my favorite game in the Sandbox/Open World/Survival genre.  You should consider this as an early access review since I haven't yet played the release version of the game.What sets this game apart from other games like it is that it has an epic story and feel, and the story mode can be played coop.  It's a ""go at your own pace"" story where you do quests and/or side quests which usually reward you with gear/recipes. However, you can also skip all the quests and just purchase most of the gear/recipes at the npc shops if you prefer to do it that way.The scenery is awesome and many locations feel epic.  This is because in story mode the terrain was hand crafted and not randomly generated like other games.  There are plains, deserts, huge forests with giant trees, etc. each with different creatures.  The creatures and vegetation are some of the most unique and alien I have seen in any game.  I believe in the adventure game mode the terrain is randomly generated but I haven't played that mode much yet.The crafting system is very unique and you can build custom weapons, vehicles, boats, helicopters, etc. and the materials you use matter.  NPC ""shops"" exist where you can buy most of the recipes or if you are patient you can do quests which usually reward you with recipes and/or items.Once you have discovered a point of interest in the game, you can spend the game's currency (meat) to fast travel between any point of interest, It has a unique mining system where you can scan for ore deposits, and you can put comments on the map, so you can get back to the deposits later. The voxel terrain is destructable, and contains underground caverns to explore.  You mine for ores, cut down trees, hunt beasts, etc. to get materials for crafting.I personally really like the sound track.I can't think of much not to like about this game. I guess bugs were probably the greatest deterrent a while back.  Multiplayer had some syncing issues when I last played it a few months before the release but most of the bugs were tolerable at that time.  I'm guessing they have fixed most of them for full release and I can't wait to do a full play through again now that it is out of early access.The game also has several other game modes.  I haven't tried them so I won't comment on them.  The coop story mode is almost everything I have always wanted in an Open Sorld/Sandbox game.I highly recommend this game."
76561198011312492,Recommended,237870,27553023,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jamesspur1,"I fell in love with PE nearly 2 years ago and am still playing it now , and have logged an astonishing (even to me) 3340 hours ??? how many restarts !! But all in all its a fantastic all rounder that I will continue playing for many more thousands of hours , WELL done to the Devs for keeping with it ...."
,Recommended,237870,14320911,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Teflon Billy,"Put simply: this is one of the most promising sci-fi sandbox games currently on Steam. The graphics are bright, clean, and attractive, and the gameplay is largely intuitive. I find the vehicle building system to be a bit clunky, but the irritation is minor. I have sunk a fair amount of time into this game and I've enjoyed every minute of it. I love building long-distance rail networks to connect interesting points on the map, and I love the random alien encounters!If you're into early-access games and like the idea of supporting indie game devs, then I'd suggest picking this game up."
76561198158701473,Recommended,237870,14055278,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Doomsayer,Great open world sandbox game with a ton of customization. still a bit glitchy though and follow missions are a pain. despite some problems i find this game has a pretty good future and i appreciate the developers for telling us why Alpha 0.9 still hasn't come out instead of remaining silent.still i find there are some things this game needs.1.custom armor2.animal breeding and maybe riding too3.a better hitbox system4.better terrain generation in adventure mode its only got the generation for the plains biome5.better ai for allies and creatures6.planes7.first person again because it was cool in the older versions8.a more responsive combat system and more emphasis on dodgingIn the end great adventure/sandbox game8.5/10
76561198079398822,Recommended,237870,14519125,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,𝕺𝖑' 𝕽𝖚𝖘𝖙𝖞,"This game is just... Wow.Ever play a voxel sandbox game and think, ""wow this would be great with vehicles"", yet those vehicles never really come?Well, dont worry. Here you build it according to YOUR IMAGINATION. Although learning how to build one to function well does take some time, you can literally build any kind of vehicle; aircraft, boat or land vehicle, it's your choice. Not to mention the same can be done with weaponry: guns, swords and shields all able to be built from scratch by YOU. The creatures come right out of Spore, much of the equipment is fairly original (minus the standard pickaxe, shovel and axe that can be made stronger with better materials), and although the combat is slightly clunky, devs are remaking combat animations to be more comfortable as i write this review, and the combat isnt even terrible right now; actually, it's not even bad. If you can handle Minecraft combat, this is twenty steps upward and still improving so it's hardly even a bother.All I have left to say is, why are you still reading this review? GO BUY THIS GAME, and add me so we can play together!! :D"
,Not Recommended,237870,35119095,Posted: 21 September,all,[OT]Nekrage,Abandonware. Dev is working on his next future abandoned project.Game breaking bugs stop all progression.The resolution from the dev? Restart a new game.So 25 hours into my save game and I should restart for a CHANCE at the bug not occuring again.Ya....no thanks.Fix your damn game.The bug is still present since March.http://board.pathea.net/index.php?topic=9837.0
76561198004155491,Recommended,237870,15920733,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Xaos777,I love this game. I have 200 hours in it. The ability to craft your own vehicles and weapons (and now even buildings though it works a little different) in the built in 3D editor is amazing. I've never seen this feature in another game or nowhere near to this extent.  There is a rich and vibrant world to explore and it is growing all the time. They are finally striking the right balance on resource harvesting vs. time. My only complaint is that combat can feel a little flat but they are aware of this and making improvements. I can't wait to see it after they migrate to Unity 5. I would HIGHLY recommend this game. When you are skimming the tree tops in your personally made VTOL gunship and fighting 10 story tall alien deathbots you will know what I mean.
,Recommended,237870,26498598,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SaBeR,"This is definitely better than No Man's Sky, still has a lot of bugs and problems but I played it with my friends a long time ago when that game was in beta and it was fascinating! For now it has a lot of new stuff so its even more coolMy advice to everyone who think about buying it!Try it out!For sure!"
,Recommended,237870,26438099,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,lazerblade,"There are many open world sandbox survival games on Steam, a lot of which are still in Early Access / active development, and even though the market is currently saturated, there are some titles that stand out from the crowd due to unique features or simply having enough to do to appeal to a wider audience.Planet Explorers is one of those. It even has voxels.Sure, it has the usual story mode on a hand-crafted map,  and a more open world approach in the way of adventure mode with procedurally generated maps, of which many other games also have. And because it's voxel-based, you can always change the terrain to your liking.The game sports a rather impressive array of flora and fauna, as well as a much larger selection of ores than many other games offer,  for players to utilize in crafting, building, and just as basic currency since most merchants will buy most items or raw materials.Then there's the camera modes - not every game has zoomable third person AND first-person. Though admittedly, this game's first-person feels uncomfortable at best. The third-person view, for me, is far more attractive.Combat is awkward and lacking, players flailing about clumsily as they attempt to strike down creatures and enemies in melee, and desperately trying to see a thin white reticle against a light or white backdrop in ranged combat with a mouse that feels as if the sensitivity has been turned all the way up leads to much frustration.Yet, all that aside, I find myself playing the game more and more. Why? Because it's a huge world, with unbelievable freedom, and though the graphics aren't AAA quality, the overall experience and malleability of the game more than makes up for its flaws. From standard foot travel to motorbikes to cars and trucks to boats to aircraft to actual railways and railcars, even though it does offer a fast travel option, there are far too many better methods of travel and transportation to make good use of.And that's without even mentioning the creation feature. I have yet to see any game that offers the ability to custom-make a weapon or vehicle one subvoxel at a time, add mandatory sub-components like a hilt, handle, engine, tires, propeller or whatever, and simply export it from the creation screen and wait a few seconds for it to pop into your inventory. Go ahead. Name one other game that has this feature.I love this game. I've been killed by bandits, drown while digging my way out of a cave, flipped my fugly cars and bikes while travelling over the unforgiving terrain, murdered by creatures I couldn't even describe without sounding like I was looking at an imaginative child's drawing (it has short hair, like a polar bear, and a horn, and two tentacles flowing from its back, and sharp claws and teeth, and six legs...). And yet, I've also driven my own creations across the various biomes, built towers that loomed over the landscape, climbed said towers, jumped from their apex, and soared across the land on a simple crafted glider.It has flaws, sure, but it more than makes up for those with its features and replayability. If you're looking for a game to play with your kids, or just looking for something that feels like a fresh, modern Minecraft, you won't find many games that can hold up to Planet Explorers. And for the price? I estimate that by the end of the year, I will have spent less than 10 cents per hour of entertainment.To me, that's one hell of a bargain."
,Not Recommended,237870,21017803,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Stark,I have literally had this game since release and I have recommended this game to people in the past because i saw so much potential in this game just the fact that we could design our own weapons drew me into it but after two years seeing its still early release and still in alpha i cannot in good faith tell anyone to get this anymore i mean you had to have made over 2500 at least in sales you should of been able to produce much more even within a small studio it seems you think you only need tiny hotfixes to keep it a float but honestly i think a game changer is needed
,Recommended,237870,13917042,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chris Hewson,"Definitely going to have to recommend this one to anyone who happens across it, great way to kill time with your friends (or single player). The game still has a lot of development ahead of it and so far what is available is amazing!Even once you've covered all the in-game content, the creation system and the player made equipment and vehicles are all incredible, on top of that the developers are actively updating this game (last version was Dec 29, how's that for active!) so if you find yourself bored after the first 20 hours, you will still have lots of fun to look forward to in the future.In summary, great survival game, good looking (albiet cartoony) graphics, the hunting is fun, the mining is fun, the building is... well, a lil less fun but I imagine they have lots more tweaking to come in all categories. Buy this game and enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,237870,16377019,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,*Yuki*,"Slowpoke simulator 201... which year is now?In short - yes, its one ofthesegames. Devs tried to include everything, but did nothing right. As result - 2.5 years of early access and game is still in alpha.Pros:+Concept. Its rpg meets survival. From survival - huge world with terraforming and ability to craft almost everything you can imagine. From rpg - mobs, farm, quests.Cons:-Bugs. Whole thousands of them!-Terrible optimisation. Fps drops and overheatings included.-Soapy graphics. Its... Ever on screenshots it looks better than in game.-Speed of development. Yep, listed problems may be ""ok for alpha"", but THIS GAME STAYS IN THIS STATE FOR 2.5 YEARS.Game has awesome concept, but itsvery-very raw. If you are intrested - subscibe it, play on youtube, butdont buy it before full realize. Who knows - probably it will never happens"
76561198054200100,Recommended,237870,24963081,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ashking Wulfharth,"Yes. This game has a kind of 3d program within the game. I don't think any other game has that level of creative fulfillment.Speaking of, It would be great if they had workshop support for player made ISOs.I've played through it several times at different stages of development and have enjoyed it every time. They have definitely been ramping up the production because it has had big changes in the last few months. This is a good one and well worth the money."
76561198041193891,Recommended,237870,14556443,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Nick AKA ventie81,"I don't normally do reviews because i suck at them, so to benefit everyone including myself i'll keep this short...Buy this game, no really.An alien chased me, so i made a sword with a smileyface on it and wacked him over the head with it.An alien chased me, so i made a gun with a smileyface on it and shot him in the head with it.An alien chased me, so i made a 30.000 ton aircraftcarrier with a smileyface on it and crashlanded on his head with it...Seriously, buy this game."
,Recommended,237870,23125276,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Atheos,"I don't usually write reviews because i feel it is unnecessary; But this time i felt i just had too due to the really undeserved bad feedback this game is getting from people who haven't even played it for a couple of hours.Planet Explorer is a free-roam, open-world, voxel-based sci-fi RPG game.You're free to roam and explore a huge procedurally generated world filled with different and colorful flora and fauna, gather resources to survive and have NPC characters join your colonization efforts, and fight off various creatures who'd have you for dinner or as a doormat.The game has a story mode with a really interesting quest-driven plotline in which you explore the world after a crash landing and eventually gather the survivors for a colonization effort, while facing off with an unexcepted native threat.The gameplay is somewhat articulate to grasp and isn't all that easy early on - which is why so many people tend to leave the game in the first hour of playing. However, after you get into the kiting and dodging mindset and start getting confidence with the commands and the somewhat wacky interface the door opens for a whole lot of fun.The game world offers lots of fighting opportunities, but the main treat of the game is undoubtely resource gathering and crafting.Aside from the standard RUST-like crafting system with which you can craft various basic parts, armors or food, players have acces to a voxel-based editor under which you can create your very own weapons and vehicles. This is probably the funniest part of the game and you're given complete freedom over choice of shape, materials, mechanics and so on. The game then calculates the weight in each resource you've created your item/vehicle out of and prepares a crafting recipe.I said resource gathering: The totality of the game world can be harvested, broken, dug, chopped down - thanks to the dynamic voxel engine.Additionally, players can create a colony -think of Terraria NPC hosting mechanics, but much deeper- which will require food, for which you have to hunt or farm, protection, and so on.Overall the gameplay is vast, rich and addicting.The main downside is the uncompleted state of the game, which is however kept under a continous updating regibe my dedicated developers. Aside from that, the animations and graphics are kind of wacky, but the gameplay strongly makes up for it."
76561198071093379,Not Recommended,237870,18073514,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Wolfgang,"Very  ambitious and many good qualities but sadly the storyline is incomplete and the progress of the devs completing the project is slowwwww....Ive put several hundred hours playing different versions of the game over the past year or so and in my opinion the crafting aspects of creating vehicles, mining and building (and experimenting) objects/buildings etc. are incredibly satisfying however there are limited things to do once youve built them (mainly due to story etc)..Not trying to dwell on its shortcomings because the potential is huge so definetly Give this game a shot  --- when it is truly finished.."
76561198041795391,Not Recommended,237870,30761971,Posted: 26 March,all,Rejected Spawn,"Quick rundown of what's good and bad:+ Player freedom+ Terrain remodeling+ Crafting and building+ Cool designs of plants and animals+ Exploration (if by some miracle you get anywhere)- Almost everything ranges from not pretty all the way to uglier than plastic toys caught in a house fire- User interface is awkward at best, incomprehensibly moronic at worst- Ugly and stiff animations that can't be skipped even if your life depends on it, you'll stand there and statically swing that pickaxe in a painfully slow awkward arc and NOTHING in the universe can let you abort until it hits (as in, hits the end of the animation, usually not the thing you're mining)- Artificial Intelligence? More like Artificial Idiocy, for the first couple of seconds animals will look like they have some behaviors that make sense but it's bare bones and often doesn't even work properly. I'd love to elaborate on all of the flaws but humans only live for like 75 years so no time for that.- Voice acting will have you in tears of either laughter or despair at how embarrassing it is, it sounds like they kidnapped the crazy cat lady down the street along with uncle George that hasn't been sober in 30 years and some random hobos and locked them in a room with a mic and a script. Actually this could be a selling point if you love hilariously awful things."
76561198035151313,Recommended,237870,24897506,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,koristad2226,"There seems to be a horde of crafting/voxel based/survival games coming out or in early access, so some quick bullet points on how Planet Explorers differentiates itself from the others I've played.The ""ISO"" system. When crafting guns, armor, swords, shields, vehicles...well, anything really, you have the option to slap down a few base parts and basically design your own 3d model of the item from the materials you choose. Very easy to make basic items of your own, and you can download other peoples creations that they've chosen to share. Someone willing to put in the time and effort can make some very nice looking items.Building a colony. Constructing the buildings, recruiting colonists, handing out jobs and keeping them fed--I found it very satisfying, much moreso than other survival games where the only person you're responsible is yourself.Getting around is quite enjoyable. The maps can be quite large, but they seem much smaller when you have tools like gliders, jet packs, parachutes, grappling hooks...and let's not forget your fighter jet or helicopter (or mech or speeder bike), either. This is a low gravity world, as well, which has its own amusements.As of beta 0.2 the game has come together nicely, and become easily one of my favorites of the genre. All features appear to be working and are of (at least) average quality, with some in the above-average-to-exceptional range. There are still some hiccups (poor documentation on how to do certain things, for instance) but more or less exactly what you would expect from a beta. I have very little experience in multiplayer (aside from snagging some talented player's ISO's) so i can't comment on that.I reccomend this game with no reservations."
,Recommended,237870,26475213,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Goshen,"I LOVE this game!This game has everything I love, there is questing, adventure, building, town management, upgrading, mining, engineering.I have 25 hours in a this point with no end in sight to the single player questline, and it just keeps giving, every time I venture out further for a quest I am rewarded with new visuals, new mobs, new dangers, I was flying a helecopter to a location and got ambushed by two giant flying creatures, that was awesome!There is a lot of voiceover work done with this game, and I have never felt like...ugg that was a bad voiceover.I love that the building is block by block yet you can place multiple blocks at a time if you choose for faster building.The ability to make completely custom items is really interesting, I can't wait to see what players do with it.I have not tried multiplayer, I plan to after I finish the missions in single player."
76561197972636156,Recommended,237870,26518562,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kieme(ITA),"Pathea deliveredAn excellent open-world, voxel-based game with a storyline and freeplay. This game has also the most advanced embedded tool for the creation of any kind of object (items, armors, weapons, vehicles) in 3d.Absolutely suggested."
76561198054332647,Recommended,237870,20269909,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gyrant,"Minecraft and Alpha Centauri bumped into Skyrim and Spore leaving the over-budget rejects club. They all hooked up and had a weird four-parent-baby and named it Planet Explorers.But enough about the game, lets talk about me. I have learned SO MUCH from playing Planet Explorers! I thought I needed friends and family and a life and a job and a future, but now I see those are all optional. All I really need is to mine more copper, find all the survivors, investigate the interference, learn more about the natives, help the earthlings and Martians get along peacefully, and always eat before I get a stomach ache because the ingredients for stomach medicine are so rare.Planet Explorers gameplay is way too fun. I hate to admit it, but they may have finaly made a game that is better than real life. Some of the controls are quirky, and I'm sure that will bother a few at first. For example, RMB is for both moving the camera and stoweing your weapon/tool. So any time you are using your equipment, it gets put away the next time you move the camera. It is most annoying in combat but once you get used to it, it's fine.The graphics in the game are way over-the-top. I have to run it on 'simple' just to get >10fps. I have an old computer though, so I doubt many people will share that experience. But, even on low graphics, the artwork is quite charming. It doesn't look -bad- until you get to the minimum setting.The new content creation features are very well thought and add tremendous depth of freedom to the game. You can design almost anything- armors, weapons, tools, vehichles, buildings, etc. Getting your new designs into the game however is another story, as I have not yet been able to figure out how.Problems- Combat gets interrupted frequently by poorly designed pathfinding and physics interractions. I've watched an animal run circles around a tree trying to get me while I stood still maybe ten paces away. It doesn't happen often, but it is annoying when it does. NPCs will run at trees. They seem to want to get someplace beyond the tree but they can't seem to see it, so they just stick to it and run in place until you chop the tree down. That happens a lot. While fighting, your body will sometimes get tangled up with and enemy's body and you can't do anything until they sepparate. So, you may die a couple times because one monster decided to get freaky with you while the other uses you as a punching bag. That happens way more than it should. In story-mode, you will sometimes encounter invincible enemies. They are invincible because they are part of an event or scene and not supposed to die, but you can't know they are invincible until you try to kill them, at which point they start chasing after you and there is nothing you can do about it, because they are invincible. That is a real pain. The build features (for placing blocks/dirt/etc) has no proper in-game introduction, and unfortunately isn't idiot-proofed. There is a sort of mini-tutorial, but after reviewing it I still had no idea how to use it. I think I am finally figuring most of it out, and now it's fun to use, but it is not intuitively designed. At one point (while trying to build something, though I don't know that is necessarily the cause) the game gave me a 'critical error' and my save-file stopped working, so I had to start the game over.-YOU MUST SAVE REGULARLY AND USE MULTIPLE SAVE FILES-Because you may play for two or three days (seriously, not a game for addicts) and then -CRITICAL ERROR- and all your progres is lost.In conclusion, I happily accept the game's few, though dire flaws, and I'm sure you will as well! =DAnd I feel bad about it really, because I bought maybe a dozen games in the steam winter sale and now the rest may never get touched."
76561197984840939,Recommended,237870,16733720,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Chronicle,"Fun game, tried multi-player with a friend, got killed, ran and hid like little kids in a cave and dug up some materials to win the day.  10/10Love the ISO feature........best sandbox in a while"
76561198110931988,Recommended,237870,15604650,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Selsun [Danger Dolphin],"I think this game is agreatconcept and has climbed a fairly steep ladder. First let me make a point:Why I got the gameI got the game to play with some friends that were playing it and convinced me to purchase it because it looked really interesting and entertaining; ofcourse when I got the game they all suddenly did not feel like playing it, go figure.When I got it I pretty much immidatly found out that this game reaches many SP aspects, but it does not quite feel right in singe player. I wanted to figure it all out and enjoy it but I really started to hate the game, it made no sense and I had felt like I waisted my money. The game was so difficult to understand alone and personally I think videos kind of play the game for you because of how much is just thrown at you and you don't really get to expierience the base game because somone has played it for you. I have to say find a decent community to rock out with befor you get crazy with this game.I say this because at first this is what I thought:This game sucksPhysics are screwy.Recourses are hard to find and obtain.None of this crap makes sense.So on so forth.......However when I gave it another shot with a little more paitence I have to say(This is why I had not posted my review yet, I did not feel like I was being in a fair mood. After playing and being paitent...)RecomondedThe game presents and active chalenge.The devs areworkingon it, they have proved that the money I spent was worth it.(for a short time without any updates I was worried this was a starforge project.)Many creatures and day-to-day monsters or aliens to deal with.can start a civilization or colony of sorts (tad bit buggy, but the core concept is in place)Many creative build options.I love the vehicle creator and wepon creator. Fantastic ideas.NegativesWith the latest updates I have not found anything to mark down as negative.Suggestions?Maybe some kind of jet option, I understand it is somewhat there but a more plane-like option would be sweet!More PEW PEW optionsBananas.I really enjoy this game and I know I was fairly impaitent before but I have gained a better understanding of how game developing works and that it is not a couple month process, it is a multi-year in most cases."
76561198027926461,Recommended,237870,12620768,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,kahs112,"My life its to short to wait XD and planet explorers is the game i was waiting for, even if the game is on alpha state, have a little bugs but, trust me when i said i am having a lot of fun i cant believe it, they give me a game of full sandbox you can create everything you need even a sword, Car, helicopters, tanks, even ships. I enjoy passing the time with my friends in the game XD, today we make a test of how its possible to make a Air deploy with parachutes, and the test was really good. they need to fix the bug than when you leave your air vehicle this sudenly lost poder and fall off and explode...  i am just wating for the next update, they said they are going to add the Map editor and finally the Skills and levels... what game give you the oportunity to create everything with your imagination, you can create your own map, vahicle, armor, weapons etc. except the animals or NPC i dont know if they are going to go that far. But FOR ME THIS GAME IS PLAYABLE EVEN IN THIS STATE AND IS AWESOME."
76561198022247983,Not Recommended,237870,26642725,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mogg,"This review is based on multiplayer story mode via LAN.Bought an played on 17 Nov.UPDATED 26 NOVI wont explain to you all what the game is about since you most likely have already watched a few videos and read the game's description. If not, take the intiative to do so before reading on.Here I will provide a list of findings from myself and my gaming partner playing through story mode on ""LAN"" setting.My considered PROs.--------------------------------1) Single player game mode doesn't require an internet connection.2) Creativity. This needs further clarification. You can design your own gear, and vehicles with a combination of premade 3d parts and voxels (cubes), which includes a somewhat rough ability to colour them as well. Once designing is complete, as long as you have the required materials in your inventory you are able to bring this design into the world as a fully usable/interactable object, as well as it will upload this creation to Steam's workshop.If you aren't the creative sort, you have the ability to download other people's uplaoded creations.3) The world itself is huge to try and fit as many different land types as possible onto a single island.4) As long you wield gear bought from NPCs or crafted from your replicator, combat doesn't last long against almost all opponents you face.My considered UNSURE OFs.--------------------------------------------1) Quests mostly consist of gathering specific items, talking to particular people, moving to a specific location on the map and killing specific critters and buildings. There are singular instances of getting the player to make use of user created content, introductory tool for players to make their own content.2) Few quests require the construction of objects you do not have access to unless you find other specific NPCs to do their quests as well. When you do gain the object scripts (recipies or crafting papers you learn how to build stuff from) through quests they are useless since you will automatically already know how to produce them. Inventory clutter.3) There is no inventory limit of any sort. While not a bad thing in of itself (and certainly not an issue unless you are looking for some kind of realism XD), it is rather amusing to be able to just pull a colossal boat / car / tank / flying machine / buidling out of your pocket and when you are finished using it, able to pick it up and put it back into your pocket. If there is a limit, I have yet to reach it.4) There is no levelling at all here to be done. A character's strengths and weaknesses are directly tied to the gear you wear and wield.5) illnesses exist but are an incredibley rare occurance since they require very specific things to make them happen. A rather pointless addition.My considered CONs.--------------------------------1) LAN requires players to have internet access. ( wtf )2) Quitting a LAN game, PE_Server.exe will continue to run the background which counts as the game still running. Need to manually close it through the windows task manager.3) Syncronization. Cause delays in actions, and animations to not play when they should.4) in LAN game, characters and NPCs ignoring player placed blocks. This will lead to NPCs impossible to interact with should they be several layers under placed flooring. NPCs will also plant crops under player placed blocks should there be any fertilized soil under them.5) Some items created are largely useless. Created swords wont ever be as effective (roughly 1/3 as effective in fact) as those you can buy from NPCs or build from their scripts, uless you are planning on having over-the-top huge anime swords). Vehicles are largely useless except the helicopter, and even then you only need to use it to get to a destination once as fast travel exists.6) To edit any of your custom creations you will need to build an entire new one. You can get back all the materials for your original custom creation by recyling/deconstructing it however, it will need to have 100% durabilty to refund all of its materials used. You can't just add to your custom object without rebuilding the entire thing. I personally understand the reasoning for this choice however it creates the next point below.7) Any kind of recreation of custom item will be put into steam's workshop again. No, this doesn't replace what you've already put onto the workshop.8) Steam workshop clutter from everybody having created something. You'll see a host of copies of the same named thing and no idea how any of them a re different, if at all.9) The controls for creating custom things is not explained in detail anywhere easily.10) Some of the game's missions are very vague. Good thing there are people who will answer how to complete them. There shouldn't be a requirement to look up an outside source to understand what a quest requires a player to do.11) Talking with an NPC does not stop them from wandering off. This doesn't affect conversations, as they can still be finished. Shops, however, close once the NPC moves a certain distance away from the player.The experience is ok as a casual thing. Still there's a lot of room for improvement and from my opinion should still be in early access given the large number of issues present.I paid for this at full price. Developers these days a pretty eager to just shove their product out there regardless how complete and functional it may be. I wouldn't recommend this as it is right now, not until it gets some major fixes. Also it would be wise to change the ""LAN"" aspect since this isn't LAN at all.I'll try to keep this updated with the help of anyone who kindly informs me of my mistakes or game updates."
76561198046908290,Not Recommended,237870,17811129,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,n_games55555,"So my only main concern with this game right now is why did they change how the clustering works with resources you gather. It seems to me that in some patch (while I wasn't playing for idk how long), they decided that resources you gather shouldn't be completely clustered together and should have alot of trash resources, like dirt and stone, in the way. That sense of a realistic touch.. is a bit too much for me. It already took a bit of time and effort to find and gather them. It seems to me as if its take up a rediculous amount more time to gather resources now, making the game undesireable when I feel like I'm spending all day trying to get materials, instead of building the many awesome buildings / vehicles / miscellaneous objects.Take a look at my hours spent in game and you'll know I'm not fibbing. I seriously had a lot of fun up until now. Now it is a serious grind session. I'll not be playing a game if the work to fun ratio is heavily disproportionate. That being said, I currently will not recommend this game. I will check back in months coming to see progress and hopefully change my mind.My suggestion to fix the problem would be to either make resource gathering the way it was (heavily clustered no trash in the way), or give us better gathering tools to mine through resources at a faster (or MUCH faster) rate.You guys would also get extra bonus credit from me if you got rid of the 3ish second 'waiting to stop gathering resources so my character can do something ANYTHING again' wait time. Double bonus credit if you allow me to move while mining."
76561198068131974,Recommended,237870,34429635,Posted: 22 August,all,Nobody Important,"This game made me sad and mad about it but overall i still have to recommend it. Here's why:The premise of the game, a voxel based, actually nice looking, survival and building adventure, with character customization, in a sci-fi setting, with a story, is basically the sum total of anything i'd ever want from a game. In other words, at least for me, *the perfect game*. Just building anything you want and moving around in it, building sprawling and nice bases, altering your environment to suit your liking, and to get new materials, all while there is an underlying story. Awesomeness.However, the perfection fails to materialise if you look at the small details.You cannot build with glass, which in my opinion is one of the worst things about the game. It makes no sense and couldn't have been that hard to implement either. At least give us craftable windows or something! How is one supposed to build a sci fi looking base without those?Then there's the second biggest gripe, that the building blocks used to create items are very strictly separated into categories. Why? Why shouldn't i be able to build a hovercraft with a bed in it? This would be very simple to fix and yet somehow no one thought of it.Speaking of building limitations, the limitations for the base are ridiculous. You have a brilliantly smooth looking voxel terrain engine, and you cannot build underground bases. You have tons of water and watercraft and ""realistic"" physics for going underwater, and you cannot build underwater bases. Of course this can be modified retroactively by covering the base later, but the limitations don't end there. You cannot have more than one processing plant and you cannot have more than 5 people assigned to it. Similar things are found throughout. There is only one colony bed type and it's group beds, so if you wanted to create individual rooms for colonists, tough luck. Again could be fixed in 2 minutes. In general why can't one just build moving or flying bases. Why isn't there a crafting recipe for just all the objects in the world? Why can't you have two bases? Why can't you individualize the base parts?The engine is one where you could theoretically recreate the frikkin ship you came in, and yet, somehow it was chosen to limit it.There are some smaller gripes, like the in-world building tasks, where you only have to do two during the whole game.Or that the voice acting isn't perfect, and some minor characters lack voices, and that talking in a moving vehicle causes problems. Along with the starting cutscene just being badly edited.The text sometimes feels wrong too.The armor helmets could potentially be betterThen there's the fact that *spoiler alert* some characters die and it doesn't quite feel heavy enough.A lot of these things are easily fixed, and could even be fixed by modders, and as the developers are still very much active on it there is hope that some will get fixed.The actual reason why i still recommend this game is comparatively simple though:It is fun!It is loads and loads and loads of fun.There are some people complaining about a bit too much grind or fetching, but overall the game is still fun to play even through those times.The scenery is beautiful and almost realistic, the flora and fauna are awe inspiring, and you get lots of opportunity for creativity, while being ensnared by a captivating and complex story.I cannot emphasize enough how nice the game feels. The music is pleasant and fitting, the transportation methods are fun to use and customize, the exploration is adorable, the progressive base building and micromanagement give you the feeling of actually managing something with weight and complexity.Plus there is the multiplayer.Generally the game looks very much like an unpolished gemstone.But even unpolished gems are still very much rare in their beauty and absolutely worthwhile."
76561198025394635,Recommended,237870,13497456,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"This game is still on early but it's extraordinary.It's remembers me a lot of Project Entropia with a bit of Space Engineers and Minecraft.Really open, creative, enjoyable and fun.Even on early it can give you lots of fun since theres lot of things to discover and do.This game is really recommended for those who like adventures with a lot of crafting and building.Overall 8/10 ( really good for an early acess imao)"
,Recommended,237870,26508925,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Devilfish,"I've now played about 60 hours in story mode, most of it on the final build. In that time I've experienced one crash to desktop and three slowdowns so bad I had to quit and restart, but overall I've had a very good technical experience on max settings. The game looks great and the gameplay is fun and varied. Some of the locations are absolutely gorgeous and the design on some of the creatures is very impressive. Creation is a blast, but if you don't enjoy the process (understandable, as it does get rather fiddly) you can just as easily download ISOs or use ingame templates and items. Item creation is not a must to finish story mode, it's just another fun thing to do. The soundtrack is amazing. I'm probably buying the OST too, and that's something I've only ever done for one other game.Combat is pretty basic. Once you get decent weapons, there's not much of a threat. (Tip: almost everything can be circle-strafed to death.) There's enough of a challenge to keep it engaging, but it's not very complex. You've got your attack and defense, ranged or melee, and that's pretty much it. I'd call it elegant rather than simplistic, but YMMV.There's some negatives. The voice acting ranges from bad to atrocious, some plot twists are really awkwardly handled and most of the NPCs spend their days stuck in walls and falling through terrain. This is never gamebreaking, at least not in my case. My character does a lot of clipping through walls and getting stuck on the terrain, but never to the point where I have to reload. Neither me or an NPC have ever gotten irrevocably stuck, but it is annoying. Your own Minecraft-style buildings and vehicles can look jarringly blocky and out of place in the beautiful smooth landscape if you're not willing to spend many, many hours lovingly crafting them. Add it all up and you end up with a game that's very engaging, but not very immersive.Still, the good outweighs the bad by a very large margin, and patches are still being put out. Fan created ISOs are already out there and there's some good stuff. I'd highly recommend this game. If it looks appealing to you, give it a go."
,Recommended,237870,14526245,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Alxa,"This game gotten better.A lot of improvement and multiplayer now have official server.TL;DR - Get Planet Explorers if you like being creative with your creation and your world.multiplayer community is so nice, it's great they put this as survival not focused on survive from another player or just stomping noobs like certain games started with an A and ended with K.PE is for science fiction geeks, nerd in good context. EVER HAVING DREAM ABOUT EXPLORING? FOR SCIENCE? FOR COLONY?This is the best game for it, people may keep yelling this game is so bad because it's too complex and boring. But we geeks enjoying it, you can see smug on our face.PE has endless possibilities and i will keep looking forward to their every updates.*)Review beforeMonster Hunter+Tomb Rider+The Sims+Harvest Moon in sci fi settings!you can hunt, surviving, farming, creating a brand new props and vehicles!live your creativity to the fullest, this game also stimulate your imagination and adventurous feelings.very promising, you won't regret buy it even it's still on alpha!note: i made this review without thinking about how many the errors / ctd i got.still enjoyable as the game itself has a high repeatable game factors, you won't get bored.you can try multiplayer too for surviving together or hunt each others.last : though im not really a fanatics of futuristic setting, im pleased with the role playing concept, esp building colonies![Hope in the future there's a spousal system too lol]."
76561198000780508,Not Recommended,237870,29726153,Posted: 5 February,all,grimgary,"Had this game for a while and finally decided to play through the Story mode again.  I played through the story a couple of years ago and it ended in the middle of the story, so I wanted to see if it went any further since release.  I managed to finish it this time around to the very end.That being said.  Not much was improved since my original playthrough to this recent playthrough.  Yes.  The story can be completed.  The beginning of the story was very interesting, but after a while it just felt like elements of gameplay were thrown on top and the story was rushed.The game had (has?) a lot of potential, but it was thrown away due to the disjointed story pacing coupled with the technical issues that still lurk in the game itself.  Nothing about it seemed smooth and organic.  Things happened so suddenly both story wise and technical wise that the story was barely holding together.That being said.  From what I got of the story, it IS an interesting multi-layered story set in a very beautiful world (most of the time).  The game has a great range of freedom, at the cost of glitchy engine problems.More time could have been spending nailing down these issues.  More time could have been spent on things like underground systems (which when you get down to it, all the underground cavern systems are butt ugly and featureless).  This same blandness flows into the mountains and canyon biomes.  Seems most of the time was spent around building up the initial plains area you start in (which is gorgeous) and just starts going downhill from there.There was a great game being made here.  But it becomes quite obvious as you progress, that a lack of passion and attention petered out at the later stages."
76561197999093492,Recommended,237870,14270035,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chaos Warlord,"A masterpiece of work - This game is one of my favorites even is imcomplete fill all my expectative of an RPG designed games, Thank people of PATHEA of this hard worked game!!. If the game have even more challenges in Adventure Mode this game will cross the wall even of the RPG ADVENTURE CONSTRUCTION Games, Recommend this to everyone who love Terraria, Starbound like games this game is one of the best..."
,Recommended,237870,28121748,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sithelev,Lots of Improvements and optimizations have taken place. It is turning into a great game. Build anything you want. game has built in 3d creation software. you can make weapons clothing armor flying vehicles ground vehicles submarines etc.
76561198019468989,Not Recommended,237870,29198661,Posted: 11 January,all,Amon_Wraa,Very disappointing. This game never moved past alpha development. What a waste. Sad!
,Recommended,237870,12734603,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SamakaUeu,"Very interesting game.  Nice RPG mood to it, but the controls leave alot to be desired, and the camera clipping is really horrid.  a FPS view would be awesome!"
76561198066693345,Recommended,237870,26689943,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kayfons,"I recommend this game but with two VERY BIG caveats.1. Typos and grammatical errors are very noticable. So far while in game this has not yet been a problem though I could not not do the tutorial without a walkthrough. Caveat 1. is: Find a decent walkthrough and don't rely on in-game text to do the tutorial. It was incomprehensible in parts.2. This game has THE WORST audio I have ever experienced outside of sixth form video journalism classes. It's dreadful. But it is also hilarious. Five minutes spent clicking on people to make (clearly dev's best mate from college) say really stupid phrases over and over.Bird sounds are also rubbish, I find it immersion busting to hear magpies and pea♥♥♥♥♥ while on an 'alien' planet.That leads me to Caveat 2: Turn down the music completly and reduce the in game sounds a touch, then crank up Spotify playlist 'Cyberpunk SciFi RPG' and suddenly everything changes! You're in space on an alien planet and you no longer care that you're surrounded by breaking teenage voices. It's magic.I was minutes away from claiming a refund but something kept me playing the singleplayer story mode past the 2-hour cutoff and I'm glad I did. I love the weird story, creativity and so far questing has been pretty variable. It's not just kill seven wolves etc.I'm getting hints of space Minecraft with a bit of Albion thrown in, which was my favourite scifi fantasy game from the 90s.There is much to be improved with this game but devs are continuously updating, which is reassuring, and I do like to support indie game♥♥♥♥ers.There are, two massive issues that were pushing me towards the refund I chose not to take. I think if you're going to spend £19 on a game you ought to be very aware of them first and be clear on whether you can live with the caveats above."
76561198005732362,Recommended,237870,27354981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheGream,"I finally finished the story mode. I want to say, great job to the devleopers on creating an egaging system that keeps nerds like me wanting to go ""just 5 more minutes"".The game is well worth the time and money I spent on it.My biggest issues at least for story mode -- The player might need to be given more ISOs ingame to help offset the learning curve behind the creation tool. Theres a big learning curve and a major time sneak into your game as you try to figure things out.- Colony set up. After hours of gameplay and such I would say this is the biggest issue (next to mining/lumber gathering) I have. I think I would rather see the NPCs auto-fill open roles in the colony based on what their skills are. Walls didn't seem to work nor did buildings. as the NPCs just sort of ran through them and I'm sure i kept getting rained on. Along with this is player inventory and colony inventory. I feel that the player should be able to fabrecate items from ether storage location. NPCs should build more things along with what they gather. Complete ISO items, wepaons, armor, defense weapons etc. I would also remove scripts from the store(s) if the player already has it learned.- Missions. There are ton of them which is awesome. Some of them can be very . . . confusing on what to do. Probably need to introduce a more indepth mission/quest log with details of where things can be found (I'm thinking more along the line for the gathering misions). We have a monster wiki in-game, might need to expand that to include the different plants as well.- Mining/Lumbering are pretty easy from the start through out. The Drill and Chainsaw IMO are worthless with the current development behind them. So we get stuck with a space game mining ore with a pickaxe and lumber with an axe. I think, the development team might need to look at taking all the gathering tools and merge them into a single item (like the Matter Manipulator in Starbound)... The current system to me seems half baked and not thought out. We have space traveling humans, I'm sure their ship wasn't crafted by men and women farming ore with pickaxes. Some of this I understand is because they don't want us terraforming the entire planet.Overall, besides my nit picking on development choices. The game was fun and I will return to it often to spend more time... Need to perfect my colony building and location."
76561198230509820,Recommended,237870,26496909,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,phoech,"Great game for those looking for this type of survival, building, exploring, fighting, defending gathering type game, alone or with friends or the general public. You can create your own items to use in game, like weapons, and vehicles are just 2 examples.  Devs have never given up on this game unlike many others and although it's not a AAA company yet but if they continue they will get there.  For the price and what it is, it is gold."
76561198008546307,Not Recommended,237870,25777337,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Upright1,"Posted: Mar 26, 2014 @ 8:16pmUpdated: Sep 30, 2016 @ 1:25amUpdated Again: March, 2017EARLY ACCESS REVIEWVery cool builder. Item design system shows promise but needs a lot of polish. The crafting system as a whole takes some time to get used to, and structure building isn't really functional yet - but a damned good start!I'd like to see the updates be more substantial and frequent. Selling an EA title doesn't give the developer permission to never finish.*************************Over two years later...The game is frozen inside of some sort of engine upgrade limbo. The small studio had to outsource most of the coding change over to other studios when moving up to a new game engine. What we now have is an almost incoherent collection of low quality features that Pathea is trying desperately to tie together and smooth out. Many of updates you see are from these contractors patching their shoddy work. It is a shame. I am not sure that it can be salvaged in time for a real game to be playable.Uninstalled.*************************Three years after purchase...I do not think that the game will ever feel completed. A large price drop prior to the official release, a reduction in the frequency of updates, and the developer announcing a newly started project are all signs that this game is about done. Bugs, glitches and poorly exectuted features remain."
,Recommended,237870,23238401,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Gennesys X ™,"What to say about Planet Explorers?Well, I play it since March /14 (almost in its release date, few days later).I watched some videos, seen some screnshots, and why not, right?Some indie games have a tendency of not completing its development to full release, because of a lot of reasons, but what the hell? I tried and bought it anyway.Of course I do not have a lot of hours, playing since 2014, because I tend to stop playing and watch the development, by the Devs or Youtubers, so I can have more accurate opinion about it and it give me the way to play.So, speaking about the game itself: It is a sandbox, indie, open world, survival crafting adventure (that I love most). I may be exagerating if I say that this is a better Minecraft, but this is my opinion, so yeah.You can craft components, weapons, furniture and ETC, and can build your home / base / castle / whatever. Did I mention that you can CREATE your own weapons? you can use their Voxel Tool to create the most beautiful and weird weapons and shields (weapons: sword, guns), but this doesn't stop there. You actually can create your own vehicle by the same voxel system. You have a limited box of creation, but this does not mean your creations will be limited. You can create small and large ground carriers, you can create aircraft and boats. The adventures with your own creations are so awesome!I must admit that the game have a lot missing, and I don't need to explain what is it, because, the game grow in every update released.Some may think about the update time, that it takes too long to hit Steam. I must agree on some of that, but cannot stop thinking that they are still working. I say that because I tought, long time ago (end 2014 / beginning 2015) that they gave up developing the game, because of the great delays of updates. I had uninstalled the game a lot of times, because of lack of hope, but then, I redownloaded it and played again, with new features that I didn't see it coming.Now I know one thing: they release updates, not too frequent, but when it hit Steam, the updates always come with very good improvements, and I mention bug fixes to new features.So, pleople, don't be afeared of Planet Explorers. They are working, and the game looks beautiful.I have invested in the game and it is showing its potential so far.Obs: If my words seem a little weird, I am not a native of the language, so I apologize, and no, I have nothing to do with Pathea Games.Thank you and support them."
,Recommended,237870,17762264,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Topaz Moon,"Even in its early access stages, I have enjoyed this game. The ability to create your own vehicles (ground, sea, and air), and weapons is extremely fun. You can also download ones others have created to use in your game if your design abilities are lacking. You can also save buildings you create, to easily share with others, or if you have the materials, easily replicate again in your game, or even a new game.Yes, there are bugs. Some of them nasty and will crash you, or stop story progression in single player, or other crazy things. For an early access game, I think they are acceptable at this point as the developer tends to keep us up to date on the known ones. Multiplayer has some... issues. I don't play it often to really know them too much, but lag at times was one of them.Overall for an early access game, I think they are doing a great job."
76561198015080553,Not Recommended,237870,29545447,Posted: 28 January,all,strkrjns,I really want to love this game but it is a mile wide and an inch deep. Could have been great.
76561198072325792,Not Recommended,237870,20177989,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[BT] La Rochelle,"I waited and waited to review this game cause I had really high hopes for it. But after the long awaited 0.9 update I can't help but write this review, so that maybe I can save others from the useless expense that this game is.It's new year's day and I'm still on a little hangover so i'll just list what i hate as things come to my mind. Forgive possible mistakes :)- This game is overpriced. Highly overpriced.- Optimization: this game will fry your GPU even at lowest settings. I don't have a monster GPU (Radeon Dual-x R9 380) but I can run almost every game at high settings without problems. Here, at fastest settings my gpu still works 100% at 78° with fan speed over 50%.- Fastest settings will make game unplayable since fonts will become unreadable (really?!?)- Even at fastest settings I'm having random fps drops and stutters.- Character creator is always the same obvious placeholder, which was there 1 year ago or so.- Controls are clunky, would best fit for an mmo in my opinion. By the way combat and object interaction are so bad... to gather materials from plants you have to target the ground under the plant, not the plant itself... really?!?- Bindings are the most unintuitive I've ever seen. Alt+Y to open replicator menu? Really?!? Yes, you can rebind, but seriously?!?- Updates come at a slow pace and seem to just introduce more bugs. They've changed the UI several times, onlyu to deliver another clunky and unintuitive UI.- Music. It's nice for the first 5 minutes, After that you'll want to turn it off, since it's the same super-short song playing over and over again.- A LOT of backtracking, in story mode. At the beginning you won't have a vehicle to ride, but still the first quests need you to go back and forth between points that are miles away from each other. That's boring as hell.- The game, at least in story mode, never seems to demand that you build anything. What's the point of giving us the possibility of creatingour own guns and armor etc. pixel by pixel if I can just use the blueprints I find? Plus, creating object, as fun as it may seem at the beginning, it's super time coinsuming and I really cannot see myself craft more than a couple objects in an entire playthrough.- About creating weapons and such: why should dps of a weapon be based on how much material you use to create it? I mean, why should a gun that uses the same barrel (and so the same bullets, I guess) as another one do more damage just because you've put a lot more wood or anything around the barrel?!?- Monsters: You'll encounter thousands of identical monsters in each area, which makes the world boring and exploration super repetitive. Now I read they've randomized monster size, so you should have a little more diversity but it's just not enough.Is it enough?I really can't see this game getting any better, even in a year or so, plus there are a lot of better exploration and survival games that play, look and feel better than this that I really can't see the point of buying it, so beware...oh and Happy new year to everyone! =) cheers"
,Recommended,237870,32188319,Posted: 4 June,all,A Meme Reborn,"I don't understand why this game gets so much hate lately. This is one of the best crafting games I've ever played. I mean the driving controls aren't that great and combat isn't that awesome, but you can create anything from your weapons and armor to vehicles and bases. This game at least deserves a 8/10."
,Recommended,237870,19226136,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Budzie,"PROS:-Beautiful game on High settings.-Living breathing world for you to explore without limit.-Create weapons, armor, and transport, without limit.-A base/colony system.-UI is great.-A nice branching story.-Epic boss fights.-Base attacks and raids by NPCs randomly.-Multiplayer is pretty good.-Structure building is creative and is familiar to games like Minecraft.-Mining and digging.-Character Creation!CONS:-Annoying FPS-drops despite my computer fitting the system requirements.-Technical issues.-Combat system is Action-Based but still needs to be worked on.-Crafting is a bit complex.-No plants/rocks underwater.PREFERENCE:-Derpy/Wierd gather animations.-Shooting system isn't the best.-Movement system is not what I'm used to.OVERALL:This game is great in my opinion for an early access title. The world is really fun and rewarding to explore, and I love the gather animations. The story line is branching but the game is mainly based of the Open-World/Sandbox feel to it. There arn't many biomes yet, like a snow biome. The only thing that brings this game down is it's technical issues,EARLY ACCESS VERDICT:7/10PREDICTED FUTURE VERDICT:8/10 - 10/10Once they fix the tech issues and add some stuff to the melee combat system."
76561197983881582,Not Recommended,237870,9601593,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,"Dr. Sharpshot, MD","Can't in good conscience recommend this game; it's just too early to say whether it'll be good, but for now it's best left alone.My entire experience in this game comes from the Story mode, so keep that in mind. My experience so far has been of sticky controls, tentative sound effects, and pretty much no combat system to speak of.In the game you can design your own weapons and vehicles (the vehicle creation is reminescent of Spore's, or any number of similar games). The system for building weapons is great, it allows for incredible aesthetic maneuverability; it falls a little bit flat when you import your gun/sword into the game and try it out. The ways the game determines what makes a sword have high damage are difficult to determine. The highest damage I've ever managed to reach came from a sword that was a literal block of metal, as big as the game would let me make it. Personally, I prefer SHARP swords, though this may be a stylistic disagreement.Likewise, my long-barrelled rifle seemed awesome and had great damage, but its accuracy was somewhere between ""none"" and ""none at all"". This would contradict the little bit I know about real-life guns, which tells me that a longer barrel = greater accuracy.I have about 19 hours of playtime in the game, and about 12 of those hours I have estimated to be travel time. It's amazing how long it takes you to get from one place to another, then back again when the quests tell you to go back. There are enough monsters on the way to keep a player docile during this transit, and the crafting can eat up a lot of time, too, since it's so detailed.What SHOULD be taking up some time is the scanning for (and mining of) resources, but I've found that to be a very arduous process. The map is huge, so when the main quest demands you make something with, say, petroleum in its schematic, you're pretty much screwed when the NPCs tell you to head west to look for oil (and the oil is southwest). I guess that's what forums are for.Then your scanner tells you the targetted resource is deep underground, and it's a pretty peaceful, Zen-like experience to use the game's terrain shaping to tunnel down into the earth. You get a palpable sense of accomplishment when you look at the big cave that used to not exist before you needed something from under it. Getting back out again is a Stygian nightmare. You will hop, you will slide, you will accidentally click and swing your pickaxe and be unable to make actions until your character is done with his animation. Eventually you will use the game's building mechanics to try to pillar-hop, like in Minecraft, except you will clip into your pillar and slide all the way down it.Then you will write an angry review for a not-nearly-finished game."
76561198032291496,Recommended,237870,15990018,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nepharious,"The crafting system is super in depth, creatures actually pose a threat and it will take work to get the gear needed to survive. Being in early stages it's got bugs but nothing to bad that I can see. There's LAYERS! There's floating islands and hidden caverns and lush forests. I absolutely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,237870,32190794,Posted: 4 June,all,OmokChan,"Call me obtuse, but I dont really see any reason to hate this game. Sure, the game got some bugs here and there but for me it's a gem hidden amongst the hate reviews. It runs smoothly for me and I'm not even using a gaming rig, just a plain low end laptop (nvidia 840m). If you like mmorpg and voxel games, then this is for you. It really brings back the old mmorpg feels to it. I have yet to play it for a longer time but for now I absolutely recommend this game for all of you out there willing to have an unbiased mindset and give this game a try."
76561197975265624,Not Recommended,237870,20964756,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vhoxz,"I really liked this game when it released in early access nearly TWO years ago.Now nearly two years later i can't help but wondering why the game hasn't released yet. Like many other people already posted, right now there are better games with more content updates out there."
76561198169150063,Recommended,237870,20050495,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KDanielBrown,"this is a sincere and great si-fi game.  it leaves you fully engaged in a ""living"" world.though still in pre-finished state, it remains a happifying experience.  undoubtably, as it progresses to completion, it will continue to capture the players attention.a note to Pathea:  keep up the fine efforts."
76561197980279872,Recommended,237870,9504945,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Balerion,"I don't feel the need to really put a fully detailed review here as we're still in alpha, so I will keep this short. Planet Explorers has achieved what Everquest Landmark has tried to achieve in its alpha, and has done it better. I have not had this much fun playing a game like this in a very long time. The building system is very functional and easy to use far better than even Landmark's. The creation system allows for even greater ability and customization.  Reminds me very much of Kerbal Space Program's ship creator, and even has a high level of customization options then that. What this game achieves is bringing all the best parts of Starbound, Minecraft, and Landmark and brings them into one beauitful sandbox. For Sandbox lovers, this is a must buy. I can't wait to see what this game is like in its finished state."
,Recommended,237870,25205711,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Phoenics The Phoenix,"I've had PE for quite a while, since about two years ago. It was not very polished then, it had a fair clout of content but it was clearly very early. Years fly by and the game seems to be in development hell. Fortunately for this indie gem, it clawed it's way back thanks to a remarkably dedicated dev team, so kudos to them for that. The game itself has improved in leaps and bounds, since the long awaited v 0.14, to the current 0.4, to become much the same game but so much more polished and rounded. Truly, it has been improved to the point of becoming a good game in its own right, which sets it apart from the rest of the herd (The title screen song is a real masterstroke showing the effort and attention of the devs, again, kudos). Not only becoming a good game but really becoming fun.With a fair bit more polish, optimization, content and general improvements, this game really shows a lot of promise, rocketing past it's slow period. The real only things that let it down are twofold:One downside I can complain about (and complain I most certainly will) is the camera control. Make no mistake, things are definitely getting better, but it's still definitely a pain having to switch control methods just to talk to a character, or having to hold tab to use a cursor. This is the main irritation most of the time, which slows the pace down to a crawl unnecessarily, especially when coupled with infuriatingly limiting keybinds! (TAB REBINDABLE FOR INVENTORY PLEASE!!)The second thing I would like to quibble about is the blizzard of menus and interfaces that all do different things, with different modes of access. At least now they are all in one list but I feel a lot more work needs to be done on the GUI usability before the game will flow appropriately. While gorgeous to look at, the user interface being all over the place is becoming somewhat archaic, especially when compared to more polished/larger budget titles which, if possible, would definitely make interfaces much more enjoyable to use. (Perhaps something more like a single master interface, with tabs for inventory, character, replication, map, etc.)TLDR:This game is FANTASTIC, in so many regards, having crawled out of a period of inactivity to rise to become magnificent. If you can get past the maddening difficult-to-use blizzard of GUI, and the camera controls from the black lagoon, there is a simply stunning game there, and it is meteorically improving."
,Recommended,237870,34094385,Posted: 7 August,all,[VD] Phallus,"I'm on the fence about recommending this game. Reading the other reviews pretty much echoes most of my thoughts: ""great game, fun, BUT...""It's this BUT that has me worried about recommending the game. Yes, I've played over 70 hours. However, the tail end of those 70 hours were more grind and doing ridiculous things to make the game fun again. The world generator is still quite broken as many of the worlds it produces has ridiculous geography that makes no natural sense.The beginning, I was hooked on this game. It was my digital crack. I absolutely LOVE survival+crafting games and this was my latest digital heroin. However, about halfway through it just stopped being as fun, and, as I mentioned above, the last 10-20 hours were just me randomly tapping at keys in the world generator trying to get something fun.Don't get me wrong, the crafting system was actually pretty neat, especially the built-in mini-CAD. However, as a whole, the game just doesn't have that spark for me anymore.The story was very meh, but still it produced moments of interest for me. The replay value, however, still needs quite a bit of work. And from the looks of things, I don't think we'll be getting anything anytime soon. Last update was in May.Anyways, for first time players, I'd recommend this game, but caveat emptor: it's still not polished as well as it should be, be prepared for random bugs.Is it worth the $20 or whatever I paid for? 70 hours says yes. Is it worth playing more than that? Probably not. I really wish steam had a ""meh"", ""maybe"" or sideways thumb..."
,Recommended,237870,17721273,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rezzurekt,"This goes a step beyond most building games, allowing you to design your own inventory items & vehicles... with tons of bag space for both materials and finished products. Not a typical survival game, but you'll encounter dangerous alien-dinosaur things while collecting recipes and materials. It's still pretty buggy (especially using the rope gun underground) & I'd like to see more frequent updates, but it's already strong as a creative sandbox. The mineral scanner and creation system are BRILLIANT. Looking forward to making custom armor. Custom weapons are already in the game; I made a glowingBat'leth..."
,Not Recommended,237870,34736789,Posted: 4 September,all,swagger duningo (not a quitter),"horrible interface, glitchy unfinished garbage, cool concept but i dont understand how this game got released a year ago, i wouldnt even put such trash into early access, id be embarrassed to"
76561198030966091,Recommended,237870,24704314,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,sporus,"Really enjoying this game, with genuinely interesting plotline and building vibwStill a little early days and so lots of bugs, but the team are working on the regularly.Should be an outstanding game when finished"
76561198025465157,Not Recommended,237870,21668135,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,yoyoyox3,"Had potential but development has been too slow. Adding it to the ""Early Access Survival Game Dust Pile"" and hoping it will become a real game one day."
,Not Recommended,237870,13493268,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lolotech,"Gotta admit after playing 8 hours of it, it is a pretty horribly written gameWhatever the opposite of intuitive is, that’s what this game is... I mean I’ve played some games that took a bit to learn, but once you did, you’ll be like oh yea makes sense (anno 2070, sins of solar empire, space engineers, endless space)1. AI is pretty bad, there’s no follower debugging teleports to player if they get stuck, I had to double back and tunnel them out in the direction they were running (into a wall horizontally and not in line with my tunnel...)2. Lots of content, no explanation or tutorials, masses upon masses of unexplained details, prepare to spend more time watching people play the game (tutorial) then actually playing the game3. Back to horribly written game, I. single player has no pause (I could be wrong), my pause in main menu, no pause in inventory or crafting menu, and being most critters can kill you in 1-10 shots, yup FUN!ii, main mission has near location marker, but side missions is a total guessing game tortoise missioniii. during the free the Martians mission an AI decided to run away from the open caged door, whereby making me unable to finish the mission until i teleported back to the same enemy camp, which they got a free respawn and I wasted even more heal/resurrectNot since eye divine cybermancy (game that uses amost 100% of the keyboard keys as hotkeys) to game has made me so tired of playing it4. Crafting is a bit of a chore, no level multipier so instead you have to buy schematic or armour which is just a +2 of what you currently have everytime u move on, or meet a new npc.I'd be happy to change my review once most of they issues is fixed... this game has potential but as it stands id rather be doing house chores, it'll give me more satisfaction effort for payoff then this game gives me right now.."
76561197993622260,Recommended,237870,9445390,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,fredingue,"After an uneasy beginning due to some choices in camera and positionment, i start to appreciate and enjoy this game. The graphics are fine, the action fuild and, once accustomed to the UI, the gameplay is a good experience.I just started a story mode and i dicovered a story that seemed to have been carefully written and charming NPCs.I have not yet tried the building part, but disccovering the environment and interacting with fauna and flora...or simply wandering around, give the promise of a really nice game."
76561198052674173,Not Recommended,237870,29615467,Posted: 31 January,all,SkyeRise,"I liked this game when it came out and feel little to no regrets having put money into it, but this is a fail. You win some, you loose some. Steer clear and don't throw good money into a bottomless pit that will never be filled. To be more exact - it is a failed early access game that the devs are still trying to sponge money off customers with."
,Recommended,237870,30059345,Posted: 20 February,all,ck_2_u,"I booted this game up again recently and played through the story mode.I really enjoyed it, so it took about 44 hours.Looking forward to more story, but it plays well to this point, with a rich storyline.Graphics are good and gameplay is similar to a mmorpg style control system.Part of the fun of the story was investigating the event that preceeded your arrival to the planet, even outside game I was thinking about what had happend based on the evidence I had at the time.Building your own bikes, cars, aircraft and aquatic vehicles was also great, though I admit mine were mostly just adjustments from the useful templates. I didn't get around to building Cloud's Buster sword, but I'm sure I'll look into later.Run down of the gameplay:I started with a stone knife and leather armor, got a jetpack and enjoyed flight the first, built a small helicopter and got shot down by the locals. Built up a base and then packed it up and moved it to a more defensible location.Built a train track halfway across the map and fought some sea critters becuase why not?All in all, for the pricetag you get an adventure and some fun game mechanics, which, while not perfect, are fun to explore."
76561198007705375,Recommended,237870,28311715,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,forestswing,"First off, I'd like to point people to the available free demo. You can find out if you enjoy the game by playing that first. I did.  I found this game quite enjoyable. It's survival and base building and resource gathering. It's not for everyone, but again, there's a free demo to see if it's for you. Some of the features are harder to figure out, even with hints. But a little trial and error, or even just looking online helped out quite a bit. It's not completely polished, but it seems like it's a ""complete"" game, which is better than any other post-early access game I've played."
,Not Recommended,237870,26567626,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,"Suck it, Kotick","The way the character controls and interacts with the environment is clunky, awkard, full of ""gotchas"" you have to learn to avoid or end up wasting time animation locked as punishment.  Let go of the mouse while digging?  That's punished.  Trying to dig a voxel that's out of range?  That's punished.  Your character will happily spend the rest of eternity producing a dig animation on a target that both you and the game know are out of range, and this happens often since you absolutely cannot move at the same time as digging.  Very fundamental things are tedious.Movement, mining, and some very important UI interactions (the scanner in particular) are extremely poorly designed and suck the fun out of what could otherwise be a game with some unique positives.Extremely disappointed to find the entire year they went silent produced nothing in this area.  I had assumed that would be a main product of an engine rework."
76561197986365521,Not Recommended,237870,32178672,Posted: 4 June,all,Diarrhea Cactus,"I tried to stick with this game.  Normally I can clock in at least 5-10 hours before I get irritated.  This game would have been fantastic 10 years ago when these types of games were still in their infancy but there is just too much grinding and repeat quests with a different enemy or item involved.  I feel like I am playing Anarchy Online (For those who remember it) with bugs and a much blander story line.The good things about this game are the music and sound in general is top notch.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the game and concept of the story.  However, with the grindy feeling and repeating quests and annoying NPCs I just couldn't bare it anymore.  I won't refund the game because I feel like the developers have something good here but it needs polished.  This should still be an Early Access game, I don't think they should be calling this game a 1.x of anything right now.  There needs to be more diverse things.  Maybe I didn't play it long enough but I can't force myself to play a game I do not like.All in all, lots of things to craft like vehicles, weapons, tools, etc.  Combat is MMO like in where you attack a enemy and use your weapon/abilities to overcome them while spamming out potions that are on cooldown for a period of time.  I came here thinking this game would have been a more expansive game but was sadly disappointed.  Maybe in a few years I will check back, but by then, like most EA games, it will probably be abandoned."
,Recommended,237870,24399745,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tekkarath,"Tired of the simplicity of Minecraft and sick of waiting for Starbound?  Sick of Zombies and tired of Bambi killers but still want to survive and thrive?  I know I was, and boy am I glad I stumbled onto this.  I feel like I may have passed it over in the past because of bad reviews but as they had recently taken an upturn I decided to give it a shot.Now I can't speak to the multiplayer aspect (As it's in alpha I can only assume it's sketchy at best, but that's to be expected.) but the single player is excellent, the story (which I'm only a few missions into since I jumped right into adventure mode at the start) has been interesting so far.Here's a few aspects that make me want to play this over minecraft clones:Need creature parts but tired of running around hunting?  Set up some turrets and throw down a creature lure.Tired of running everywhere?  Build a rudimentary vehicle and ride into the sunset.Ten story creature?  Grab allies, outfit them with whatever you can find/buy/create yourself, make turrets, tanks and Take. It. Down.I'm only twelve hours in and have barely done more than get iron weapons, a few turrets, and dug a few really impressive tunnels (Which I was way more proud of than anything I ever built in minecraft.) and made a few rudimentary shelters to keep the rain off my head (which didn't work, it is [or was when I wrote this] an alpha.).  You can also build gods-know-what in the creation engine which is far too daunting for me to even touch at the moment, or if creating from scratch isn't your thing I'm sure you'll be able to download untold numbers of things others have created via steam in the future (Or now sans-steam with a little know-how).All in all you should keep an eye on this one, and if you have the extra cash go ahead and buy it."
76561197982877381,Recommended,237870,9868826,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Finally!  A totally open world game which allows infinite possibilities.  This game is delivering upon the potential of the ambitious concept. I cant recommened it highly enough.You want an open world game?.  This game allows you to do almost anything.  You gather resources,   many types of resources.  You can make everything and anything. You can use pre made designs. Download others designed by players or design your own from scratch.   The only limit I found is that I couldnt build the nuclear missiles I wanted.  Battleship? Fine.  Stealth fighter, fine.  Motorbike, Star wars style land speeder, Monster trucks and madcap mash ups all fine.  Works really well.You want base building?  You can do anything.  Thought the style is a little tiny bit limiting it is vast.  It is somewhere between the complexity of Landmark (which most people cant use well) and other games with more simiplified base building such as Ark.  A nice middleground allowing the free use of imagination to create some awesome settlements towns and fortified structures.  Great fun and probably the thing I get most distracted by.  I am crazy about base building in games like this and Ark.You want to explore?  Ok, 2 sides to this.  It is a massive area to explore. You will soon realise you need to develop and get vehicles though nothing stops you wandering on foot.   Hostile alien races and local wildlife abound and the whole thing feels very nicely balanced.  It doesnt feel like a world setup to support your game but a world you literally found yourself in and now you have to survive and thrive.  This works well too.Sound?  I love the title theme loop (now with some beautiful vocals to make it one of the best game themes I can remember) and the in game sounds are all well done.  I think overall the sound effects could havemore attention to atmospherics but it is a small criticism and it was done well enough not to be any sort of problem.   One absolutely stand out moment is the (in my opinion) very beautiful opening title music.  It really sets a nice an atmosphere and is a beautiful piece of music in its own right.   I wish it was a longer track as I like it a lot.Probably the only real criticism I have is the NPCs in the game.  They just seem like props.  This was a lost opportunity.  If they actually went and did more with astmospheric sounds supporting it, settlements would have felt much more alive.   This is not a major issue because of the nature of the game,. later they will be doing stuff at your direction but for a long time they feel less alive.Graphical?  Erm. Interesting one this, It uses nothing in terms of the capability I have, yet somehow, strangely, it is enough. Its not great, it's not bad. Its passable.  This is odd for me as I am a bit of a state of the art graphics guy.  I am a bit split on my opinion on this point. I would have loved it to be way better looking but, I find I like the game so much it bothers me far less than it normally would and I am glad of a game that doesnt use the Unreal engine.  (An engine which was popular but gets on my nerves for many reasons).I should say, that the only relatively limited aspect is character creation but this is not a big deal, though I try to stay in first person.I have been having a smooth experience for a while for the most part but there does seem to be a few serious bugs still in the game but not so many that it stops me playing and miles ahead of many other games.This is a game you will have installed for years and will keep coming back to.  Bang for buck, fun and for the open world nature of the game, I cant recommend this enough to people who like;Open WorldResource GatheringSettlement Building and DevelopmentDesigning Vehicles and EquipmentExplorationLongevity and good value.One of the best games of its type and the best pre release game I ever purchased in terms of meeting all expectations and delivering the game that was promised at the end of it.Overall though, This games development  reminds me of PC gaming pioneers in the days before you just wrote a game to rip people off on Xbox Live.  This is a magnum opus and you should all be very justifiably proud of yourselves.   I dont think I have ever been so effusive in my praise for any game and nor would I be if it did not deserve it."
76561198007847377,Recommended,237870,26627247,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Doom,"After playing it a bit more, I've decided to change my opinion a bit. I still recommend the title, but there are caveats. Lots of them.The game has good parts and ... very awkward parts.Good:Voxel creation tool. It is absolutely amazing. Editor is well designed, and this how in-game object design should be done.Awkward:Oh, boy... there's a lot of those.Enemies are bullet sponges. Not just a normal bullet sponges, but supreme bullet sponges. Every fight is equivalent to fighting M1 Abrams tank using bb gun. Except that driver of m1 is drunk or asleep and for some reason has hard time overrunning or hitting you. You plink everything to death, even with very tough weapons. Especially on foot.  Judging by in-game comments (left by NPCs) they were turned into bullet sponges on purpose, to demonstrate ""how tough"" the planet is.Combat in general. All enemy movements is strange. Creatures have very hard time hitting you, and you have very hard time moving around with a ranged weapon.For some reason it uses MMO game structures. Meaning you have a lot of fairly useless npcs with floating ""!"" and ""?"" over their head. Haven't seen this since playing HellGate: London.Voice acting. The studio tried to introduce voice acting, BUT it is quite hammy at times. Some npcs are alright, but intro would work much better without voice.Design vs Utility. There's something very strange going on with armor and weapon designs. Basically, due to amazing editor, you can design any gun. Except its stats will suck compared to in-game generic bullet rifle. Apparently in the past it was possible to make weapons with multiple barrels, or with barrel pointing in different direction, and then this ability was for some reason removed. Which is a pity. There's not much point in designing your own gun, unless you go after specific look. Armor design process has similar problem. You can make a breastplate out of diamond, and its defence rating will be very low.Designing wearable armor is also awkward. Unlike vehicle/gun design tool, which works flawlessly, the armor design tool has trouble remembering to which body part it is supposed to be attached, and to which gender it is designed. So, if you design a ""belt"" part of armor, and try to equip it, the game will stick it into your character's chest instead. Armor must be equipped in specific order, apparently. Also, designed armor doesn't even go into slot you specify. It is on separate page, and you're apparently supposed to manually adjust placcement of individual items. So, this functionality looks unfinished.Audio issues. Audio that is being played in your spekaers is calculated relative to character's head. Even if you play using third person camera. meaning if your character looks at the camera and something explodes to character's right, you'll hear sound coming from left instead. Strange that this bug exists (it is easily fixable)Bringing an item from creator into the world is awkward too. You see, in the game you find ""scripts"", which allow you to make items with replicator (as long as you have resources). So one would assume that making something in editor would produce similar ""script"".. but NOPE. For some reason, this is done very differently - you're supposed to have parts of model in inventory, and instead of using a script, you need to go into model editor mode and ""export"" the model.Resource trees aren't properly automated. Let's say you need to create item X, that requires components A, B, C whiere A requires D, E F, B requires D, G, H and C requires D G F. You can't just click on final product and order the game to automatically create missing components for every level. Instead you need go through individual components and create them manually. Very annoying.The whole colony management thing is, frankly, weird and feels out of place. Everything about it is very poorly explained, and making a colony turns the game into tower defense. Also, you can apparently bring ""story"" npcs into your colony, even if they're givers for main story quests. I'm not sure if this even supposed to be possible.I still think the game is decent, in the sense that roaming part of it is fun, and voxel creator is very cool. However there are a lot of weirdness and strange design choices going on, and the game feels very rough around edges. It looks a bit dated by now too.So, it is worth checking out, but it definitely doesn't reach its full potential."
76561198019096521,Recommended,237870,32962044,Posted: 28 June,all,Morzain,The recent mixed reviews put me off from getting this for quite a while....wish I had gotten it sooner. Great open world survival / building / tech game with lots of missions and story and unique characters
,Recommended,237870,9448471,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bemo Guinness,"Love this game. Controls are something that need a little work but the gameplay is nice. Lots of crafting, building, exploring. Game is on a good track especially for jsut being in alpha. Good work!"
,Recommended,237870,14302473,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DEAD KARL,"There are many sandbox games popping up all over Steam, nearly all of them still in Early Access, but by far this game takes the lead.Most of the Sandbox Early Access games on Steam are missing lots of content and taking months to be updated. But Pathea continues to update this game and keep all users up-to-date with all features coming to the game.If you are going to buy any Sandbox game, this one will be your best choice.10/10 - Great Game."
76561198012420406,Recommended,237870,26642945,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Last Law,"This will be my first review on steam, but I shall do my best anyway.This game is an interesting answer to a gripe fans of the Build/Survival genre for a long time. Most games of this nature are rarely unique and often feel like digital cut-outs of something like Minecraft (which in its self is virtual Legos), but Planet Explorers feels different. Not only is Planet Explorers different, but it feels as if the creators genuinely cared for the title they were working on. The game uses a system for creation that feels a bit like it may have been used by the developers themselves, when a Planet Explorer player says that you can build or create anything they mean it (you have been warned).Now that does not mean it does not have problems.- The graphics are not all that impressive 7/10- The sound needs some serious work 4/10- The procedural generation has many many flaws -/-- The worst of all are the controls 2/10The controls are seriously in need of work. There are three control schemes; the first being similar to many MMOs with the mouse cursor having free movement across the screen and requiring the right mouse button to move the camera, the second is an awkward version of the first with the cursor locked and mouse movement directly translating to camera movement, and the third is a wonky hard to use first person camera. In my honest opinion this game would have done well with a simple over the shoulder third person shooter camera angle.In conclusion the game is very fun for the niche gamer, but without a proper control scheme it will not hold much appeal for the average gamer (and many Build/Survival players as well)."
76561198034579663,Recommended,237870,32889939,Posted: 27 June,all,Dan2D3D,"Hi Guys!1- I really like sandbox games to create what I want without using MODs and PE is one of my Favorite games to do so.2- We can play survival solo in a Story mode, coop, multiplayer survival and creative (Build mode)3- What I like the most is to be able to create new blocks without any mods.4- The creation editor may look difficult but after watching some YouTube videos and a bit of testing it's easy to create.And if you have questions > the Devs will reply on the Steam forum :)What we can create:- Blocks. (everything you have in mind is doable)- Block textures.- Add images in game.- Wheeled vehicles.- Aircrafts helicopter and battleship like.- Boats and submarines.- Weapons: swords, shields and guns.- And much more...Here is some of my creations in a cool video with screens:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=412830556http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=951812738http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=409805538Go to my profile screenshots to see more.You can visit my Workshop too :http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034579663/myworkshopfiles/?appid=237870"
,Not Recommended,237870,32548426,Posted: 18 June,all,kyleh,"It's got a lot of foundation for a deep game, but the completed gameplay feels very shallow.  There are tons of different types of medicines you can create that apparently heal different maladies, but my character never needed any of them in many hours.  Basic medkits seem to be more than enough to keep you healthy.  Likewise you can build a base that seems to have many interconnected buildings for automated production but the system doesn't seem to be there.  You can assign colonists to machines, and they seem to stand near them, but the colonists never build better equipment for themselves or armaments or ammo or anything.  You have to do it all yourself.  Some people might like that, but to me it just seems like a bunch of half-finished features.  Not a terrible game if you want to mine, grind resources, and build things, those features seem to work ok for the most part."
76561197997817748,Recommended,237870,26510648,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,plang,"Worth much more than the price they are asking for it.If you like open world RPGs, crafting, and science fiction, this got to be your thingUpdate after a few more hours in it:The story mode - which is the only one I played so far - tends to be a bit buggy around the GRV virus part and the diplomacy with aliens.Nothing game breaking, mind you, and it's still a very fun game. But I had to restart (drop and retake) a few quests to get them right."
76561198076531648,Recommended,237870,26295011,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rose Patern,"I absolutely recommend this game!As I described it to my roommate, it's like Minecraft and Skyrim had a baby in space. And it is fantastic!There are certainly still some bugs to work out; like written and spoken dialogue not matching up or having typos, at least one instance of a completely different character's dialogue from a completely separate mission being heard, and characters walking away while still talking to you.But that all pales in comparision to just how great the game is as a whole. The landscapes, plants, and creatures are all exceptionally crafted, incredibly alien, yet subtly familiar, too. The creatures run the gambit from squee inducing cuteness to don't-play-alone-in-the-dark scary to I-hope-that-colossal-thing-is-friendly. The different biomes feel very different from each other, yet blend seemlessly.Then there's what YOU can do! You can full sandbox it or follow storyline quests and sidequests. There's harvesting, learning ISO's (blueprints), crafting, and even making fully customizable weapons, vehicles, buildings, you name it. And when I say fully customizable, I don't mean you have a few skins to slap on or mods to click in place. I mean you can go as in depth as you want, from the ground up shaping or borrowing in game assets to create a wholly orginal item which is fully functional within the game.I'm incredibly excited to see them polish this gem so it shines the way it deserves when it leaves early access to become a full release."
76561198011075538,Recommended,237870,26527156,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TOMO,"This game looked promising when i first came across it around 2 years ago, i played it off and on for a few months and decided to wait untill it was at V1.0      all i can say it was worth the wait!!    a shining example of an early accsess game that was seen threw to a good end. Gives me a bit of faith back for early access games :)EDIT: looking like the game will be finished in the next few weeks, i will keeping my fingers crossed for DLC, although as the game stands now there is ALOT to do, just creating the perfect car, boat, copper, tank or some other contraption ya head can dream up can take hours.For me at least is almost gaming perfection, maybe better textures and a more in depth character creator and more choices for vertical parts or the ability to crate your own parts."
,Recommended,237870,15537242,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Mighty and open to adventure game objects for creating features. Simple and interesting tasks alone or in multiplayer play. Referral!  :3FIN:Mahtava ja avoin seikkailu peli, esineiden luomis ominaisuuksilla. Yksinkertaisia ja mielenkiintoisia tehtäviä yksin tai moninpelinä pelattavaksi. Suositteluni! :3"
,Recommended,237870,25300023,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,neowiz73,"story mode, adventure mode and a build mode. with a lot of character and world options. a massive array of parts to build whatever you can think of.   Extremely robust custom build system, your imagination is your own limitation.  mmo or fps type preset controls, although a little awkward at first using a ranged weapon.  it's not bad once you get acclumated.large array of unique creatures.build your own settlement, npcs have unique skills to enhance your settlement, also to help defend against random attacks from the native creatures.great overall sandbox game."
76561198021960460,Recommended,237870,17639569,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Archon Toten,"The difference between this and every other open world crafting minecraft inspired game, is crafting your own weapons and vehicles. Makes this game stand out amongst others.Looking forward to the game finishing devlopment (I hope... devs are active as of writing this)"
,Recommended,237870,12745493,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hapa,"Great visuals, good gameplay (some bugs, but it is Early Access so... ), just lack people to play, and maybe more interesting quests. Overall for an Early Access Game I give a 7/10. Recommended!"
76561197989068693,Recommended,237870,9535788,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,catking2003,"Since I bought the game I have been playing it for 4 days straight and not even stick of truth was able to keep me engaged so much. This game is basically Minecraft plus with better graphics (compared to other Minecraft-ish games), better mobs (from the cute little woodland critter to giant dinosaur roaming the plain), somewhat better crafting (you can craft modern tools and equipment) and a better story (does Minecraft even have a story except killing the dragon?) Of course there are many aspects that are not on par with Minecraft such as water/lava physics, processing items on other items (putting meat on fire to cook) etc. but we shall see how the final edition will be.Pros:1. Best graphics among Minecraft-ish games so far (DON'T YOU EVER COMPARE THIS TO CALL OF DUTY. I AM SICK OF STUPID COMPARISON. CAN YOU DIG YOURSELF A KHAZAD DUM IN CALL OF DUTY?)2. Somewhat cool story (as a Black Isle worshiper, I can't say I am impressed but the story is at least solid)3. The world and the atmosphere are awesome. It does give you a feeling of adventuring in an unknown planet with cool (sometimes crazy looking) creatures and weird plants and landscape and ancient ruins.4. The ability to drive land vehicles and fly helicopters and construct missile launcher/laser cannon etc.5. The ISO system is fascinating. You can literally create anything you can ever imagine.6. JET PACK AND GLIDER! seriously, try it out. get to the top of a mountain, run, fire your jet pack, switch to glider at max height and enjoy ;)7. other minor pros listed by other reviewersCons:some technical issues1. memory leak crash. It seems quite some people have this problem and I encountered it a few times in the game as well. luckily it does not seem to happen too frequently (for me) and the game autosave every 10 minutes so you won't lose much.2. lag? not really a con but the game somehow confuses people by including an option in the launcher where you can choose video card. THIS IS NOT WHERE YOU CHOOSE GPU FOR THE GAME. if you are using Nvidia card you have to manually set the game (PE_client) to use your gaming GPU in Nvidia control panel or I guarantee you that your game will lag as cr*p.3. possible problem with fast travel and sleeping and saving at meteor crate. Some players report bugs that delete all your autosave files when they fast travel from meteor crate and sometimes it involves them sleeping or saving at that location. Personally I didn't encounter any problem but just to put it out here.4. if you delete your steam and then reinstall steam and play the game using your old save (the same version)... you may see some empty texture in places where you dug. when you jump through the empty texture you will somehow reappear in the sky...5. I somehow encounter a bug where if you put a roof closely on top of your defense cannons. they will magically appear on top of the roof...6. multiplayer is still quite buggy so don't expect too much fun from theregameplay issues:0. NEED CHANGE ASAP - monster corpses disappear too fast. when you are fighting a pack of monsters, before you can finish the last one, the other corpses may start dissolving already. it is like you have less than 1 min to pick up the loot and it is not cool.1. NPC SELLS TOO MANY STUFF. you can literally buy everything from NPC with meat. In multiplayer you can even access this one global shop where everything is on sale. I think it is better that only the uncraftable/uncollectible items and some basic starting tools are purchasable.2. combat still needs a bit of work.3. can't dig and move at the same time. when you start digging you are rooted.4. monsters are not very threatening, except that black crab thing. don't know why but black crab can sometimes one hit kill you.5. can't use weapon while flying with glider (imagine how cool it can be when you rain death from above :D)6. the bottom of the lake/ocean is always flicking... also the color of your vehicle will be changing randomly if you alt+tab out and get back in the game7. many objects are not solid, for example, trees. only a small part of a huge tree is solid so you can walk through a tree and fly through a tree but sometimes you can't because that part of the tree decides it wants to be solid and you hit the tree and crash :(8. the mineral scanner does not seem to work properly when you are moving so you are forced to stand still in order to scan.9. unlike in MC where you craft items by placing materials in specific ways, this game uses crafting scripts and the crafting script list can be a bit overwhelming later when you collect a lot of them or when you play multiplayer where you are given all scripts at the beginning. although you can search them by types it is still not very convenient.In summary, a cool game that is still at alpha with alpha problems but definitely playable and just look at the cool features the devs are planning so if you like Minecraft-ish games then try this out. You can't be disappointed, unless you are that kind of player who likes hand holding all the time then why are you playing a Minecraft-ish game in the first place?"
,Recommended,237870,14046275,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,UtCanisACorio,"I don't even know where to start.  As others have said, this game is exactly what I've sought for a long time.  In a nutshell, they managed to take the positive aspects of various sandbox crafting games and made it fun and removed the tendency to become boring.I love this game and can't stop playing it.  I can't say the concept of the game is simple because there are so many directions it can go.  There isn't a clear direction on the devs' part, and I mean that in a good way.  They've built a really solid foundation and I'm hanging on the edge of my seat waiting for the next update.I came across this game looking for something that gives me open-world exploration and crafting.  This game delivers that and then some.  Easily one of the best games I have in my library.It is tempting to try to compare this to games like Minecraft, Starbound, Terraria, etc., and it wouldn't be wrong to do so: there are a lot of similarities, and feels like some of the devs either worked on one of those or took a lot of inspiration from them, but then again many of these aren't really new concepts.  And in my opinion there's nothing wrong with borrowing ideas that work.Where this game really delivers isgraphics -- the lack of good graphics made the aforementioned games quickly boring for me;the Creation Editor, where you can build fairly detailed models from base materials and attach crafted assets to make fairly complicated structures such as custom weapons, vehicles (land, air, AND sea), etc. -- the CE really is a game within a game and I've spent a good chunk of time just creating things there;and the beginnings of a pretty nice ""town management"" system; you craft the various components of your village, invite npcs to live with you, and assign various tasks. not a lot to it right now but it has the makings of a really fun mini-game... and that's all above and beyond (what i find to be the very zen-like process of) mining and scavenging raw materials to build with, and doing actual exploration.  The time in-game shown as of right now (just over 38 hours) is how long it took me to get through the ""story"" part of the game, and several quests are incomplete, so it just goes to show that they intend to do more with that part of it.  As expected, there are plenty of bugs to work out, but the game is so engaging I barely notice them, except for the ones that break quests at which point i have to reload from a last save or something, but overall the game is amazingly well done given it's still in alpha.This game easily gets a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,237870,23192493,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ReZpawner,"This was a promising game, back in the days. The recent update contains enough bugs to completely ruin any game. Collision detection is completely random (this means that there's a good probability of you getting stuck in the air), the controls are awful (some can't even be remapped, because for instance, the tab key doesn't want to be recognised, despite already being mapped), and the AI is one of the worst I have ever had the misfortune of play with\against. I'm sad to say that in the current state, it's not even worth a quarter of what they charge for it. MAYBE one day, when all the bugs are fixed, it will be worth it, but this is not that day.Edit 29th of May: One of three gamebreaking bugs is fixed - AI no longer terrible. Two more to go, and the thumbs down becomes thumbs up."
76561198013781044,Recommended,237870,14383249,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DanP,"As expected, Planet Explorers is a work in progress, and aside from the bugs, what's there could easily be a stand-alone game.  The number of hours of playtime I have enjoyed is staggering when compared to most AAA titles, so I consider it money well spent.That said, the game is very rough around the edges, so if you are the type to get frustrated easily by bugs, glitches, and terrible ally pathfinding, you might want to give the game some time to mature.  I lost count of how many times I arrived at a quest destination after a long journey, only to realize that the quest NPC(s) was nowhere to be found.  Most of the time, retracing my steps would lead me to said NPC(s) running mindlessly into a tree or rock, which I would have to destroy to snap them out of their strange trance.  Occasionally, they would get stuck on nothing.  Occasionally, I would get stuck on nothing, too.  This is just the tip of the iceberg.But if you can tolerate typical early access issues during early access, I think you will find the story is quite atypical--in a good way--for this sort of game, and the city building is shaping up to be something special.  It isn't quite there yet, but Planet Explorers has tons of quests, tons of dialog, and tons of ways to utilize and/or manage your colony.  The voxel system itself is pretty flexible, and once you get used to it (which does take some time) the in-game editor is surprisingly easy to use.  You can make decorations, equipments, and even vehicles.UPDATE 4/29/2016Quite some time has passed, and that time has not been kind to this title.  It is nearly as clumsy as it ever was, and other Early Access games have since been released in a worse state only to progress leaps and bounds beyond Planet Explorers.  I am not yet ready to change my recommendation to a ""No"", but I am close.  I suspect I will have to, at some point.  For now, if this is your niche, I still cautiously recommend it."
76561198054548083,Recommended,237870,14554026,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Konjan™,"When I first described this game to my friends. I said it was a cross between Skyrim, Monster Hunter, and Minecraft. (Just to use popular examples.) With that, we all agreed that I was pretty correct. For an open world, voxel-based game where you hunt huge♥♥♥♥♥monsters sounds pretty damn amazing. And amazing is what this game is. I definitely recommend getting this to accompany the other couple of hundred games in everyone's steam libraries."
,Not Recommended,237870,20068051,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Eleven Bravo,Game has potential but is super alpha. When they say early access they mean really EARLY. Very buggy and lots of crashes as of this review time.
,Not Recommended,237870,34790236,Posted: 7 September,all,Kensei,"This game is just not fun. Granted I have not gotten very far but the graphics are bad & the controlls feel so unintuitive, I can look past the graphics but the terrible controlls paired with an only 3rd person view is something I can not look past. They make the game look fun but oh my god I am not going to hold right click the entire time I play this game"
,Not Recommended,237870,20516723,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[CHAOS] RedSpot,"Bought this a long time ago, dissapointed at how long it is taking to get up and rolling given the amount of players investing in Alpha. Still a while to go."
,Recommended,237870,26397439,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PafuriZA,"This game is just great. The development staff are awesome, always keeps us in the loop, and now with the game getting full release it's one of those few good stories where early access and crowdfunding got working for the better of all. This is a success story, and the game is fun, different, engaging. Worth it yeah! 8/10 Will play with friends."
76561197998174023,Recommended,237870,15693296,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,charlesr,"I have played this beta release up to the yet uncomplete missions and believe I have spent enough hours playing and building to review. All other block building and mining games allways resulted in spending the entire game mining for materials and I hated that; this game on the otherhand does not require spending the whole game mining ffor hours and hours. There is am inpressive balance between mining, building, and missions that make this game in my opion one of the best games I have ever played. It is in beta and there are bugs and crashes, but the game auto saves so often that you will not lose much (THANK YOU PROGRAMMERS!!!!!!!) :)The level of weapons, vehicle, and building creating is the next generation of mining/building games. From a weapon reciever and barrel you can design your own gun (or other items) to a great level of detail how you want it.If this is Beta I cant wait for the full cook.  Keep up the great work programmers.."
76561198053490249,Not Recommended,237870,17898652,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,jc_rabbit,"There are things to really like about the game. More realistic graphics as compared to Minecraft. Sci-fi theme. The world is not generated, but carefully crafted, with a storyline to matchHowever, I could not get into the game. The UI is poor and difficult to use. The main elements of the game - crafting, interacting with NPCs, and harvesting resources are tedious. The controls are not intuitive and lack feedback. As a consequence, combat feels boring.It's a great idea with poor execution that made the game not fun to play. And if a game isn't _fun_ what's the point of playing it?"
,Recommended,237870,11649843,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,NOTAMANINAHAT,"Beautiful Sci-fi world game where you can create your own vehicles, houses, swords, shields, aircraft, and character. You follow along a quest-line where you have crashed upon a planet called Maria, and you were an astronaut from Earth. Although the game is still being developed, it is very enjoyable and quite good-looking."
76561197998511267,Not Recommended,237870,17484622,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SlimChino,"I found the game to be quite bland. It has a variety of landscapes and creatures, but they seem to be slapped together with an algorithm that doesn't make much sense and can make worlds seem awkward.Constructing anything seems needlessly complex, which makes producing anything not so much a challenge but a grinding task. Some may enjoy this but I find the cost/reward to be very imbalanced.For a voxel based game I found digging to be far too awkward and time consuming, which led me to avoid digging where ever possible.The vehicle construction is fun and I like the option to design your own weapons, too. I also enjoyed the variety of transport methods like jetpacks, helicopters and motorbikes.Planet Explorers is mediocre and there are many games that do each element better, but perhaps few that combine them into a singular game."
76561198109319792,Recommended,237870,9436637,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,AgyrtElden,very fun game. creation mode crashes when in story mode. every time try to avoid trying to create items
,Recommended,237870,14273541,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,stonemage,"Probably the most creative take on the voxel buildersurvival games currently.Lots of diverse creatures, plants etc that remind me a bit of spore in terms of the many different kinds of critters.The vehicle (land, sea, air)/weapon(melee,ranged) creation system is crazy... you can build anything you can dream of pretty much.Single player campign is pretty solid for an alpha.Multip[layer is OK, although i've never tried pvp.Still in alpha and apparently they are doing a big rework of the game code.My main beef with the game is that it isn't farther along b/c I want to play it more. However, it is quite unique and ambitious. Also in its current state I bet you could get quite a few hours out of the campign and multiplayer and the creation system could provide endless hours."
76561198154538073,Recommended,237870,19676710,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,illium2277,"This is a good game. As you've likely read it has some bugs, but at 12 hours of gameplay no deal breakers. I have a short attention span so it's already got a little boring in single player. I wish the NPC's were a litlle more lifelike to keep me interested.I can't comment on the online portion & servers due my awesome (really bad) internet preventing me from this.Crafting vehicles & weapons is great though!!! If you can imagine then you can build it. Only lacks a cut & paste feature to move sections of your creation, instead of delete & rebuild in another area.I will update later with more info."
,Not Recommended,237870,22898922,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wiggles,"Simply does not work on Mac.Launches a black screen and crashes. I could play it through bootcamp, but if you're going to advertise it as Mac compatible, it should at least launch.From the developer:""The 600M and 700M series have a crash bug right now that we're looking at"".... That was in March of 2014.  So not only did they know that there's an issue, but they've continued to advertise it as being mac compatible for YEARS now, and it still doesn't work.""But Steve, it's still in Early Access!""... Plague on society. If you're going to charge money to have people ""involved"" in your game, it has to launch. If it can't at least run when you hit the play button, it's not even ready for EA. Period. More and more companies are using early access as an excuse to get money without being accountable, and it's a shame."
76561197995793534,Recommended,237870,28693838,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RG_Seagoat,"I don't usually review games good or bad, but I had to make an exception  in  this case. First off, I have always been an adventure game lover and especially sandbox games, but in recent years I have started to enjoy exploring and survival games. After many so so games I finally ran across this one. I couldn't be more excited. I have been playing story mode for 5 days...wasting the entire 5 days off work with this game. The graphics are beautiful and unique, the story flows well and I never seem to get tired of mining and crafting. There is always something better right around the corner or from the next quest.The battling is great too. Some animals will kill you in one or two hits and you can never carry enough ammo to kill some of them...takes turrets (of which there are plenty). The instructions aren't the best, but that is what keeps it interesting. Trying to figure things out rather than just having them outlined for you. Then there's the crafting.This is absolutely the best crafting system I have ever used. Once you find/buy/are awarded the scripts, just click it and it cascades into everything you need, and if you don't have an item, just click it and it again tells you what you need to make that. It is totally awesome.Now, flying machined, jeeps, boats, subs...you name it and you can create it, or just use a premade template in game. The creation system leaves a bit to be desired and has a steep learning curve, but seems rather simple once you get the hang of it. The building system on the other hand is a virtually useless. If nothing else, it makes it easy to make a wall or a floor etc, but the shapes don't seem to have much use, or at least not with any sort of effective tutorial, and that is another weak point...the tutorials.Pro's: Great graphics. Awesome creation system. Great story line that keeps you engrossed and adds some mystery. Gathering is great. Nice mix of primitive to modern/space age tools and systems. Great upgrades for everything. Critters for days. Can't really say enough good things about it.Con's:  Building system. Tutorials. Locked keys, can't bind tab and q for movement which SUX for me.Over all I am 100% satisfied for the first time in a very long time."
,Recommended,237870,9466579,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Zirk the Euphoric,"Feels like a combination between Minecraft and The Sims, but with a space theming. Definitely worth getting for anyone who likes building, survival, and exploring. The vehicle and weapon creation is also very cool. The only downsides are the combat and the textures, as well as some issues with animation, but since it's in early access I suppose these will be improved eventually."
,Recommended,237870,9444435,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ein Dicker Hund,"Planet Explorers is the makings of a great game.In its current state, it is clear that it is an alpha. This isn't to say it is intolerable. As a matter of fact, it is remarkbly put together for an alpha. As advertised, there is a campaign mode. It is a surprisingly interesting story about tensions between Martians and Earthlings (both human), as well as a believeable ""first contact"" scenario. The writing isn't ground-breaking, but it is definitely better than many cookie-cutter stories released nowadays. Regretably with much of the important dialog missing voice overs, it can be difficult to follow. Granted, some people adore Morrowind style dialog, but much of the important voice overs are missing throughout the game. For example, it is very common to be ambushed in the story and forced to run. The problem is that there is no audio that plays signifying a retreat. This can be mildly frustrating, especially when you are killed thinking your teammates are backing you up.Many of the games descriptions can leave you lost or downright confused. Two examples: when you are picking something up, the button you click is ""Get"". Not ""Take"" or ""Pickup"", but the awkward verb ""Get"". In addition, quest descriptions can confuse you. Such as receiving a quest with in the first hour to start a colony, only to find out that you need to complete a quest 5 hours in to fulfil that quest. But I digress...The art direction is rather impressive. Jungles feel thick and plains are reminiscent of rolling wheat farms while still having still having an alient quality to them. It is clear that some of the creatures that inhabit Maria are inspired by apes, cats, and dogs, but the artists did a wonderful job distancing from many obvious qualities. Be it multiple armed, hairless, ape-like creatures, or pseudo-tiki faced giraffe creatures, the game will always take what you expect and tweak it so that only base features are recongizable. It is a shame that the game doesn't have a strong backing, because it is clear that the artists are talented in making the familiar seem alien.Graphically, it is passable. It has its moments of beauty, such as watching the sunrise shine through a mass of tree branches.The biggest gripe I have is the combat in the game. Melee is a wonderful way to ensure you die repeatedly, which is fair when you're fighting creatures that are usually 2x larger than you. The main problem is the lack of a basic notification for when you deal/take damage to/from a creature. It leaves most of the combat to be spamming attack, holding shield, then spamming, all while staring at your health bar. With the vehicles, I can see damage notifiers in the form of numbers, which almost feels taunting.Another problem with the combat is the random difficulty spikes. For instance, while in the mountain/desert regions, I moved from quest point to quest point willy-nilly, but once I reached a random point, I got killed in one laser blow. Repeatadly. The only warning was ""Take these turrets! It is our only hope!"" And before you ask, the turrets didn't seem to help me.This is forgiveable however. As it is an alpha, the primary focus isn't on balance but in addition of promised features. And thankfully, there is plenty to do as you gain stronger resources.Finally, the most important component: the weapon/vehicle editor. It is clear that it is a robust system, if a little difficult to learn. I am not the most creative person, so I have difficulty putting my plans to editor. Thankfully, it is simple to download ISO files (the files that are used as ""saves"" for the different created objects) and install. While you are forced to download from the game's forums, this game has a pretty strong case for Steam Workshop integration.All things together, the game is currently in a very accessable alpha. A creativity akin to Spore & Minecraft's community filters through every facet in gameplay, be it through developer or player. If you are a fan of exploration games and creative building, you won't be disappointed by this game. Even if you don't buy today, I really recommend keeping an eye on this game cause I only see it getting better and better."
76561198124741888,Recommended,237870,9441751,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,arcapello,PART review:The first 40 minutes of the game that I have played have been impressive. For a general idea of the game simply watch a Let's Play on YouTube and that's all I can tell you.QUESTION:Does anybody know how to make the text larger!? NOT THE B'S NOT THE B'S AHHHH THEY'RE TOO SMALL LIKE ALL THE OTHER LETTERS! OH NO MY I'S MY IIII'S!Seriously my eyes are dying so I can't play any longer.Anybody?Thanks.
76561198007228143,Recommended,237870,28127718,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jeffbomford,I got this game a few days ago and story mode is guiding me through well enough and im enjoying the RP of it so far . I do want to move my colony now i have flew about on my helicoptor as found better areas . so out comes the shovel to flatten the area. ..... been shoveling the area for about 8 hours today and still finding the game fun :DFor its Price it has more than enough in single player to entertain you. and if your finding your self bored . make some *monster lures * and drop them in your base to test the defences and get some meatsYES get the game
,Not Recommended,237870,20509945,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Justin55555,"To start off with, this game is not worth buying. Several updates ago it was almost playable without being too glitchy or crashing, now all of the landscape z-fights around you, you constnatly lag and have fps drops, and it overall looks shitier.This games idea isn't that bad, and the overall concept and creating vehicles/weapons I like, but currently it's annoying to look at."
,Not Recommended,237870,29750324,Posted: 6 February,all,AxiumBeta,"I've had this game since it's first public release and one thing I can tell you is, not much has changed. I've logged more hours than what's listed here on steam since the early plays I didn't do through steam.Like everyone else said, this game could have been great, but the devs have abandoned the game. I believe devs that do this, push a game onto us as an Early Access and then just up and quit should be punished by Steam. No more future games to be released as EA on steam, no greenlight, no support.I really wanted this game to be great, but as it stands now I only wish I'd never spent the money on it. If you can get the game for 5$ then sure it's worth buying to play through real fast. Otherwise steer clear. I'll likely never buy another title from this company. When the game was first released they promised way more content for the release and yet settled for less, screwed the fanbase, and pocketed the cash. Early Access titles like this make me sick and never wanting to support EA ever again."
76561198053602203,Recommended,237870,28085176,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jgriffith73,I'm really liking this game. I just keep finding myself losing track of time. I've played both Story and Adventure mode. I Liked the Story mode a lot so i had to try the Adventure mode and i like that mode even more. This is the game I've been searching for for a long time.
76561198059679005,Recommended,237870,9445213,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,HolyDiver🤘,"Starbound 3d. Just started playing and its a little rough around the edges and tends to be a little laggy at times regardless of comp or settings. But u can build anything and theres lots of ISO's u can download and use or go off of to get ideas. I have high hopes for the game, but...this game isn't for everyone."
,Not Recommended,237870,34248613,Posted: 14 August,all,Sgt.Politeness,"""Permanent Price drop to 14.99""I've owned this game since the beginning (give or take 3 months)I'm taking the above to mean that they're not updating anymoreThe game is unfinishedSkip it"
76561198037138569,Not Recommended,237870,16521895,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GordnBenit,"Not really pleased with my experience whatsoever, for a number of reasons:-There is no feature in the game that currently feels polished, the voxel terrain, the character/creature models, items, at best the animations are mediocre and everything feels placeholder-The only selling point is the ISO designer, of which you'll soon realise that there's nothing else much that makes the game worth playing-The campaign is unengaging and repetitive-The game hasn't been updated in too long a time for my liking, there is no sense of progress and to be honest I can see the developers abandoning this-Overpriced for such limited content, however it is going on sale more often nowadays (which is an indication of a number of things i.e. it's not selling very well)It's like the game has been built around one functionality and that is the designer, without it, then you literally are playing the most generic open-world/sandbox/RPG out there.This is just my personal opinion, I had expected more development by now considering I bought this around 1 and a half years ago, and it's still the same game pretty much. Look before you buy"
,Not Recommended,237870,33932597,Posted: 31 July,all,Friendly_Ape,"I got excited when this game appeared in Steam and I got it when it was released. It seemed to be a game with the great promise and we had a lot of fun in co op. We tried out different aspects and strategies in this game but, it became too boring too fast. In the end there was no challange. It was too easy to PVE. So, it became boring.  There was not much of a challange. Yes, you can craft weapons and vehicles based on your taste and that modelling was just awesome! But, what next?After it got released from alpha, in my opinion it was too soon. I havent seen much of a improvement in recent years. The voice acting feels a bit raw and needs improvement. AI is good and the variation of enemies is awesome! The storyline, as much I played it becames boring quite fast and there are some bugs still excisting.So, in my personal experience, the audience of this game should not be mature gamers but more casual or younger ones. Also, it feels requiring more polishing. I understand, it is not one of those big developers but during the years and budget they got from sales I would expect something more. Or it should come a bit beter price tag (right now it is at 15 EUR)."
,Recommended,237870,9446244,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,RamesGamesLC,"It's definitely better than I was expecting. The story mode feels like an MMORPG without the MMO part. Because it's a voxel sanbox game at heart, you can tear the land up basically everywhere from the start of the game. And the ability to port forward to set up a private server for friends is also pretty good, due to the creative aspect of the game. It's PvE or PvP if you so desire. There's things like turrets, jetpacks, and vehicles. As well as a way to create the look of your own swords and stuff. Definitely has potential. The price is a little steep, sure. But you can get your moneys woirth if you allow yourself to.Only downside I've found so far, is a LOT of things larger than you want to kill you, and early on you can't kill them. And the game is kinda slow paced as you bbuild up. But since you're building up from nothing, I feel thats understandable.It''s definitely worth a go if you have the money! I have to recommend this one from the bottom of my heart! It has a bit of charm to it. I hope they go heavy on the character customization later in development. The ability to create your own backstory and lore with a unique character each time would help the creative aspect of game I feel, once you're done with story mode."
76561198005090170,Not Recommended,237870,25078554,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,pure_darknessii,"I really would like to try this game again in the future but for now I cannot recommend it. In my opinion it still requires more bug fixes.I've been waiting on this game for about 18 months to move forward in progress, but it still appears to be aggravating and clunky. I play the game in 4k and even though it allows for the resolution it is certainly not set up for it. I cannot fast travel to most eastern travel points as the fast travel confirmation doesn't appear in 4k, but they do appear in 1080P. My firearms shoot about 3 inches lower than the reticle and monsters still attack through structures and the ground while I am mining and crafting. The game has been out for some time now and I figured coming back to it that a lot of these issues would be dealt with. I guess not..Pros:Graphics are pretty good @ 4kMusic is pretty good as wellVoxel creative tool is still awesome(I could spend hours in it)Interface is intuitiveCons:Gameplay is clunkyBugs remain that were present in the game 18 months ago.4k Resolution problems(Read above)I guess I will check back in another 18 months."
,Recommended,237870,26508073,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ImUhhCaptainXIV,"Everything is customizable and awesome. 10/10. The ship creations from the workshop are amazing but you can also make your own if you're creative enough! I like the story but the combat is lackluster with melee attacks, however the gunplay feels cool not amazing animation kinda sucks but it's cool since I can put 4 barrels onto a block and that's basically my gun. lol"
76561197964815942,Recommended,237870,27733499,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Betamax,"I waited over two years to write this review.I wanted to write a good review back when this was early access. It was really good back then, for a time being. At some point one of the updates made the optimization terrible. I'm able to run the newest games coming out and wasn't able to play this game above 15 FPS. I remembered how fun it was though, and waited. Hoping they would eventually fix the issues. I kind of forgot about it for a while, till just this last week. I saw it had been released and thought I'd give it another shot.I'm pleased to say it's better than it was, I mean it's finished so that's to be expected and all. I'd recommend this game to anyone really. There is enough here for people to play the way they want. It does the whole voxel thing, which some people don't like. It does it better than most games do however. If you were snake bitten by no man's sky or those ""spaceraria"" type games. This one will scratch the itch. You're on only one planet, but you can tell from the screenshots alone that there is a lot to experience.Almost everything is customizable, which a lot of people are going to like. I just want to give one warning about that. Play and beat the main story line first, then go crazy with the custom weapons and such. The reason I say this is because pretty early on you can make custom weapons and basically overpower yourself right from the get go. If you don't have a problem with that, and that's what you're looking for then... well that's now an option you know.There is too much for me to point out, just know that this is an amazing game. I'm glad the developers kept working on it and didn't abandon it. It shows and more people should play this game."
,Recommended,237870,11936773,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Fairly intuitive and easy-to-pick-up crafting system+ Environmental visuals can be breathtaking on higher settings+ Large variety of items and crafting recipes+ Environment and creatures are very well designed and have a distinct alien feeling+ Day/Night cycle was well-implemented, and complimented the survival aspect of the game+ Design and build features were all well-implemented+ Even as an Apha release, the game is fairly stable, and I did not experience any game-breaking bugs or glitches- Character models and customization are very lacking- Engine felt far from optimized, but this is to be expected from an early-access title- I didn't feel that the tutorial explained everything adquatelyLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,237870,11474109,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Arod Snaux,"Wow, an Early Access game that's actually more complete and more fun than many ""release"" games. This is what StarForge should have been: consider it a Sci-Fi Minecraft with better graphics and all the cool gun/flight/ship/monster mods already installed. Unlike many prereleases, everything you see in the videos above is totally possible with the current build... and then some. Planet Explorers is fast becomming a dream come true. If your computer can handle it, BUY IT NOW, you will not be disappointed.Pros: Realistic terrain, an RPG storyline, followers (2!), hunting, mining, farming... excellent crafting... did I  mention crafting? Axes, guns, lasers... use prefab ones, or even design your own using a built-in 3D editor. Build motorcycles... tanks... jets... a helicopter... totally customized... you can even paint them and add decals, then share them with friends and other players. Just... wow.Cons: UI is still a little clunky, especially in the 3D designer, the ""follower"" AI is far from perfect, especially if leading NPCs underground or between trees, and there are a few quest annoyances, none of which are game breaking. The good news is the developers push out regular updates and are VERY responsive to customer input.Even in alpha, this one is a must-have."
,Recommended,237870,11368512,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,DzyDzyDino,"A lot of potential here. Though it's not quite yet to all be realized.Monster Hunter is one of my favorite franchises.I also love Dark Souls.I also love Terraria, Dwarf Fortress, Minecraft, etc.I love jRPGs, open world games, survival, exploration, etc.I also love MMOs.At a glance, this game seems to be all of those things (minus the massively multiplayer part).Execution-wise, it still has a bit to go.I'm aware it's early access, so I'm just hoping all these things get addressed soon.Large monsters walking about, and you have the ability to craft weapons and fight them which looks like a typicalMonster Hunter battle or a Dark Souls boss -- only mechanics have yet to catch up.It feels clunky at best. The hit boxes are unclear, and the enemies don't seem to follow a set logic.Also the lack of real movement options for the player -- rolling being the key one, and the lack of attack animationsthat are conducive to this kind of gameplay really pulls the experience down.I found myself avoiding these fights more than not.It's not a skill issue, either. I would classify myself as ""good"" to ""Very good"" at monster hunter, and ""well-versed"" in Dark Souls.I appreciate a challenging game and a challenging control interface. I like to take difficult encounters and learn themuntil I can beat them untouched and unharmed.That being said, I found that next to impossible to do even on the easiest of enemies.The method of combat thus far does not seem to be to outskill your prey, but rather to out-tech it with armor and weaponsuntil its damage and defense becomes negligible to your own.Exploration is fun, but could be streamlined a bit and sped up.Being that it is not massivelty multiplayer, making mining and chopping wood take arbirtarily long amounts of time don't haveany meaningful reason. It's a single player game that focuses on mining and exploration, so let the exploration feel fun.Tune the amount you dig, the way you dig, and how fast you dig to better reflect this.Though that sounds like a lot of criticsm, I do in fact enjoy this game. I played it a lot before picking it up on Steam. I still continue to jump in and play every now and then.I am looking forward greatly to upcoming patches.This has potential to be one of my favorite games.I'm hoping the developers pull through."
76561198101310240,Recommended,237870,14041463,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Matthewpb,"This game is incredibly immersive, although I do get alot of random crashes during gameplay. I'm assuming due to my spec and also the fact this game is still early access.Regardless of this it is still addictive and I find myself constantly re-launching the game after a crash. Any other game I would shrug off my list.It is worth playing but be prepared for the ""early access"" is my summary."
76561198365737100,Not Recommended,237870,35211494,Posted: 25 September,all,sroym,I have downloaded and redownloaded this game three times and am still unable to access even the main menu - it gets stuck on the very initial loading screen - absolute nonsense.  I will be asking for a refund.
76561197963624833,Recommended,237870,32211941,Posted: 5 June,all,corknut,"Planet Exploreres is a gem.It's amazing that this project delivers as much as it does:- awe-inspiring grandiose scale, the world of Maria feels huge- ambitious voxel based tool designer (which is completely optional, but adds a lot to the game)- fun glider physics- farming- melee and ranged combat- day & night cycle- water (appears to be dynamic, but i haven't tested digging channels for it yet)I waited for it to go on sale due to the mixed reviews, but wish I'd gotten it sooner.Play it solo or with some good friends in multi-player coop.Note - Did not run very well on my older intel HD system, really wants a nice GPU, runs fantastic on GTX 760."
76561198005757129,Recommended,237870,33082224,Posted: 1 July,all,Dovahbear,"One of the better games I've played in recent years, it does however suffer from bugs and some clumsy UI elements. After a fair amount of play time I am inclined to say the developers ambition exceeded their grasp slightly, but overall they produced a fun game that is distinguished in its genre. I had a wonderful experience that was well worth the price to me.Notable negatives:There are bugs to be found in this game but nothing I couldn't live with. As an old school gamer I have it deeply ingrained in me to save often and that served me well for the odd instance where I encountered a bug. I knew going in the developer was a modest and unproven studio so I didn't expect otherwise, so an occassional bug which requires a reload from a prior save was fine by me. I note this however as while it may be fine for me, it may not be fine for you.Most of my time played was single player and that was great. Online play on official servers was not nearly as great. While not terrible, overall server performance was just a lackluster experience for me causing just enough irriation with lag, etc. that it prevented me from fully enjoying myself. The greatest potential for this game is in the multiplayer which made it a bit of a shame that the offical servers just didn't quite perform well enough for me to stay interested in spending time on them. Privately hosted multiplayer I think could be great fun.Positives to ponder and other postulations:More than anything I love the atmosphere of this game, kind of like the equivilant of a ""feel good"" movie without getting overly sappy. It walks a fine line that does justice to the concept of a survival situation in a sci-fi environment while keeping the tone light hearted. In many respects it reminded me of old school sci-fi in how it lets the narrative carry its own weight in that sense. For me at least this was something I want to really applaud this game for, it's something it really got right that I think isn't easy.Story wise, I won't tell you it's Isaac Asimov, but it's FAR better than I expected. Quite frankly my expectations here were pretty low, so I was pleasantly surprised at how well thought out and complex the story was.I also found the audio to be better than I would have thought. While the title song is a bit cheesy for my taste, there's no denying the quality is far beyond what I would have ever expected from a small studio game like this. Likewise goes with in game ambiant sounds and music. The sound track to the game is absolutely well done, beautiful and way beyond anything I would have expected from a game of this scale.Mechanically, the game does a whole lot of things right if a bit clumsily. Building and crafting could be a little more intuitive, but I quickly forgave that as the system is really great in allowing you to make veritably anything you can conceive. The ability to save and share creations via ISO files is a great addition that brings a lot of life into the crafting and creative aspect of the game. My criticism of any of it would be the same, execution fell a little short of the intention. It does however work well enough that despite the quirks I can easily say it's one of the best crafting systems I've ever had the pleasure to play with. I think it's absolutely underrated how forward thinking the system is, veritably everything a gamer who loves crafting could want. Again, it's clumsy at points and that's a shame, but it's still a great idea that manages to work.Closing thoughts:I think the bugs and clumsiness found early on turn people off before they discover the rich experience underneath. I understand where a lot of reviews are coming from and I can't really blame them, as much as I have enjoyed the game it does suffer from a lack polish. I really do believe the studio is on to something great and I hope they'll consider giving this title the polish it needs to spruce it up for DLC or a sequel."
,Recommended,237870,12490348,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Princess Goddammit,"This is quite a nice game, even for Early Release. It is very pretty and in build mode you can do just about everything. The ISO creation system is fun to work with and fairly easy to get the hang of. You can design just about any vehicle, sword, or other weapon you can think of to have fun with. I have not played them but Adventure and Story mode also seem to have much to offer if that is what you are looking for.The game does have some issues with lag and charactar control but the dev team seems to be working on the game and are good about keeping players informed about what they are doing and where they are going. I can reccomend this game very highly even though it is still EA."
,Recommended,237870,13917373,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Oddparents,"This game is shaping up nicely.  Think Minecraft with completely customizable weapons and vehicles.I haven't dug deep into the story mode yet, but playing adventure mode, particularly on a custom server with friends, is INSANELY FUN!  We've been through a few world wipes as bugs get ironed out, maps / biomes / gameplay changes, etc - but we build again, make outrageous machines to run around in, and just enjoy the game.When the devs finish this, it's going to be big.  It's already a great game, and it keeps getting better with each build."
76561198024969911,Not Recommended,237870,13513013,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Yendor,"I'm going to write a dissenting review. I do not dispute the advantages listed in the favorable reviews, but:1) The game has sluggish performance and desperately needs a tutorial or three2) As an early access game, it receives regular updates which is good except that the patches frequently require starting the story over from scratch.3) There are still bugs and storyline gliches. To those who say ""Of course, it's early access"" I will point to Kerbal Space program, Prison Architect, and a few others.My verdict: Let this one age for a bit to see how it develops."
76561197975587935,Recommended,237870,9438644,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ish311,what i wish minecraft had been... ship making and voxel based textures instead of blocks. really interesting but a fair bit of a learning curve.
76561198098036739,Not Recommended,237870,16665424,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SenpaiRandall,need a group of friends to enjoy this game.updates take a long time.the graphic settings are bad.i kinda enjoy it cause its like minecraft but you can build ships and other things like a base.but once you build that there need to be a way to have side quest where you can fight bosses.Wait for it to go on sell then buy it! as of right now 25 dollars is not worth for this game! maybe like a 10 dollars game.
76561198084700895,Recommended,237870,9462121,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Zeneeser,I bought this game after following on greenlight i find the game really fun so far i've played through some of the story. the story is a bit hard to figure out but makes more sense the further you get. i reccomend this game it certainly doesn't dissapoint
,Recommended,237870,28314414,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Painless,I enjoy it a lot.  There's more in there than I thought.I'd recommend trying the demo to see if it's right for you.
,Recommended,237870,9443580,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Blade2XS,Excellent game even for being in alpha stage.  Minecraft meets great graphics meets adventure meets sci-fi.. great combo great game.  I can't wait until it is completed
76561198016114704,Recommended,237870,14556244,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,hammin8r,A group of colonist decide to leave an Earth where war is constant and all of  the natural resources have been depleted.  Immediately begin depleting natural resources and killing the local wildlife.  Most Ironic game ever.10/10
,Recommended,237870,13465801,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chibigoat,"Very solid game with lots of potential. Great buy at $25, amazing buy at $15."
76561197993187896,Not Recommended,237870,26490529,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,EQ,"Note: This review was done at release, not before.Compared to other survival games, this one hits a solid middle of the road at best.@25 bucks, it's not worth the price.For the quality of game, it's not worth the time.Here's why:ProsTheir item/vehicle creator will let you build just about anything. Really, it's pretty good.Co-Op Story in a survival game.You can roll male or femaleIt's very pve-centric (one of the few multiplayer survival games focused on pve)You can build a colony, very cool concept.ConsSaid item creator has a bit of a learning curve (about 2-3 hours to get it down)It's survival, but not as good as 7 Days or Ark.It's got adventure, but the adventure is numb after about 5 hours.Controls feel wobbly / delayed.Character creation is stylized, but circa 2003It's got combat, but the controls make combat feel ""meh"".This is the big one: There's this haze filter over EVERYTHING used to trick you into it having good graphics.Bugs galore - I just tried to create a coop game with the wife, our first act was to start item duping out of the starter chest."
76561198105400467,Recommended,237870,9439729,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pickles n Chippies,this game is really fun its going to one of my fav games but one problem in the story mode i found a blanked out peice of the map and fell through it was annoying because i had to close and reopen the game please fix btw awsome game keep it up
,Recommended,237870,32607588,Posted: 20 June,all,Go Towards The Light,"This game is great. Its like Minecraft but comes with a storymode that helps get you into it. In all, the reviews about the clunkiness are true, but with the amount of depth going on here I'd love to see another studio of similar size do better.I would describe this game as a futuristic World of Warcraft with elements of Minecraft and no need for online play unless you want it. Am having fun so far."
76561198063099179,Not Recommended,237870,16369220,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jimmy's Mom,"I bought this game with high intentions, but the trailer is kinda misleading. The game is'nt bad, it just needs more time to develope. if you're going to buy this, wait until it's out of beta (its in Alpha right now). good game for a alpha, but poor gameplay and terrain gliches makes it not worth to buy"
,Not Recommended,237870,24284842,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dr. Professor McShootface,"I won't go into a lot of details of the gameplay. If you want a review on that look further in the other reviews. My review is based on two things: my experiance playing the game as of nearly 2 years ago and the current build of this game as of July 12, 2016.I remember a time when Alpha builds were considered proof of concept builds that were for in-company testing only. The product at that point had enough in it that the vision and basis to continue developement was clear and sound but would lack enough content to release publically for beta testing. Beta builds of a product meant that they has passed the preliminary in-house testing and featured enough development and content that it was suitable to release for public beta testing.This game... this game came out on steam early 2014 and now, 2 years later, it hasn't even entered Beta stage testing.What does this translate to? Well it doesn't mean it is a bad game. It doesn't mean that this game won't ever be completed. It isn't a prediction on the quality of the game when it is finally completed. What it DOES mean is that if you are thinking of getting this game... DON'T. Seriously, just don't. At least not yet. Come back in 5 years when this game MAY have finally exited beta stage and moved on to full release. Until then you are going to just end up paying $25 for a glorified psuedo demo with less content and more bugs than a real demo."
,Not Recommended,237870,16484173,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Stickman,"This really needs more work, it's not worth £20 at all.. I was expecting it to be great... It wasn't.Nothing in the game is intuitive.. The UI is so hard to get your head around.. I do not want to hit a tree for days, then be destroyed by every animal/dinosaur/tin can with no chance of survival..The game has potential, but not £20 worth."
,Recommended,237870,9554425,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Chinspinner,"Note: I originally had this as a thumbs down, but the creation kit has changed my mind.This game has great potential, but has a number of issues associated with its alpha state.The game basically has four play modes: -- Story; which does exactly what it says on the tin.- Adventure; in which you jump into the world with some friendly NPC's and the foundations of a settlement to build upon once you have collected the prerequisite materials.- Build; in which you are given free reign and unlimited materials to build whatever you want.- Multi-player; in which you can set up a server with friends/ family.The Bad: -The combat is sluggish, locks you into animations and largely involves swinging a stick in the general vicinity of monsters.The controls for vehicles (especially helicopters) need a rework (they are simply poorly realised currently).The build and multi-player modes barely work, the map in build mode has such short draw distances that the use of any vehicle results in you driving off the edge of the map and dieing.The story mode is the most complete, but it does involve some needless time sinks, and needs a lot more polish.  It also stops part way through while the remainder is in development- but provides circa 20 hours of gameplay currently.The Good: -The story mode is fun (but is orientated towards gathering and crafting).The creation system, in which you can design weapons and vehicles (wheel based or rotor based), is the high point of the game.  Certain pre-made items are required such as a cockpit or energy cells, but beyond this you can create almost anything you set your mind upon.  Of course to use these items in game (other than in the buggy build mode) you will need to collect the materials first.  There are limitations to the system, for example, building a vast rectangle with rotors all over it will give you better overall stats than taking the time to build a realistic, aerodynamic chopper.  Look at the time I have spent in game, most of them have been spent in the creation system.  If this appeals to you, this game is worth buying.In conclusion; this is clearly an alpha game, and as such it lacks a lot of polish and features, and is fairly buggy.  Once the development has progressed it should be great fun."
76561197984367701,Recommended,237870,26591516,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Thunderskunk,"Played this one a lot mainly due to restarting during beta testing. It's still got a few bugs here and there though, they've taken care of the vast majority of them. My favorite part of this game is the ability to create custom EVERYTHING! Takes a bit of work to get used to the item creation tools but, once you do you may find yourself spending more time creating and tweaking your items then you do actually playing the game. Only drawback to me is that I would like the voxels to be finer as well as having the ability to change rotation and direction of shapes. You really notice this when you're trying to make custom armor. Voxels are vehicle sized when they should be scaled down to human size."
76561198061947911,Recommended,237870,25133005,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bangbang,"I have such mixed feelings about this game. Out of positivity I have giving it thumbs up. It is in top 3 of my most hopeful games to watch. My concerns are that the game might be trying to accomplish too much. controls in terms of building and designing things are not intuitive and it just doesnt feel like things click at times.If you want a limitless architecural tool I think this might be pretty good. Make your own vehicles, guns and settlement.I started a world and spent a few hours in it. A couple of days later they patch the game and now parts of my village are a few hundred meters in the sky. Buggalicious! No way of getting home on this planet.I will still continue to revisit each time after a patch and see but for now dont make your own world and dont get too attached to things because you may never see it again... for now.I really hope the devs keep up the awesome feedback as well as the pace at which they are making improvements. This could really be something special.To the devs get the basics right and the rest falls into place."
,Recommended,237870,9436096,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,necrosand,Very good example of this style of game. This will really appeal to people that like games.
,Recommended,237870,9571779,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"This game is just, wow. It feels like your very own MMO Sandbox RPG and words fall short to describe all the options you've got. There's a nice story mode, build mode, adventure mode and even multiplayer VS / Co-Op etc. One of the most complete games on Steam. Worth every buck."
76561197999260407,Recommended,237870,9491609,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,laetra,"Love the game, really jiveing well with its MMO-minecraft sandbox feel. The vehicle crafting is tons of fun. One of the best pre acces games ive encountered."
,Recommended,237870,9543817,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,kizakami,"God like. Not like other games, I mean MC or Terraria. This game was so different, you can make your own things, but you may need 3DMAX based, that will give you enough information to let you make your own blueprint.However, the bad thing is to make your blueprints, it is so hard and not easy if you don't know how to use 3DMAX.Anyway, it still a good game. I will support this game.By the way, sorry about my English :DThis is my second language, and my first language is Chinese, but I wanna to learn English, so~Anyway, I still glad you guys could made a Chinese version."
76561198008358527,Not Recommended,237870,17875276,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Meat Machine,"Has potential, but is largely incomplete (You can move through trees!).Feels kinda dead when it comes to player interaction, but the open world sandbox model and the mobs that inhabit it add great value to what could possibly be a very deep universe awaiting exploration.Want some advice? Wait. There are more playable early access games out there that you can spend your money on and feel satisfied, rather than buying this one and still having to wait.Sure, the devs could use the money, but I'm not your father or your banker so I can't know to what capacity you're willing to spend for a product that's incomplete.In any case this is an early access review for an early access game, you know what you're signing up for and I can assure you that once it's complete, it's going to be amazing!"
76561198018474246,Recommended,237870,34595378,Posted: 29 August,all,Goor00,"I've been around. I've played my fair share of survival, crafting, base building and open world games. I went full genocide on fat zombie butts in 7 Days to kick the bucket, I've dived into the abyss of the seven biomes with Subnaughtica, I've clubbed and dismembered naked people in Conan Exiled to play this game, I've used the most versatile vaccum cleaner created by mankind in Astrosmear and played around with other games more or less falling into this category such as The Forest, Savage Lands, Osiris and many, many others.The reason I wrote this long introduction about my knowledge of these games isn't to show off (OK, maybe a little). The point is, I have had hopes for games like these to implement certain concepts and never ever did one of them answer my silent prayers, until I played Planet Explorers.By all means, Planet Explorers is NOT perfect. Actually, there's a bunch of stuff that's bugging me, such as the overall stability of the game which can only be described as... erratic. You can sometimes go on playing for hours without a hitch and all of a sudden, BSOD or something alike. To me, this very clearly puts the game in the ""Early Access"" category. Some quests given by NPC's are buggy (nothing worse than any Bethesda game), there's sometimes odd collision detection and if you want to play the game in all its visual glory, you will need to get hooked up with some guys from the NASA to use their equipment.This being said, what I love the most in this game, is that you can play alone but you're not Robinson Crusoe or Tom Hanks in Castaway. The planet is very much alive with NPC's, enemies, animals and more, making this game one of the most attractive games for one-man wolfpacks such as me who couldn't care less about playing online. You can populate your own settlement with NPC's who have different skills, you actually manage the colony in a quite easy and efficient way (still don't really like some aspects which I think are too tedious). The second homerun comes in the form of the built-in creator. This tool which can be slightly intimidating at first is one of a kind. You can actually build ANYTHING. Cars, boats, robots, planes, trucks, helicopters, armor, weapons, ships... there barely a limit to what you can create. It's amazing and I think just for this, the devs deserve a huge praise.Planet explorers simply feels alive and doesn't leave you as the stranded, lonesome hero who builds huge cities or bases without anyone to live in them, without a proper purpose but your personal satisfaction (yes, I have rebuilt one of the great pyramids in 7 days to die... sue me).To sum it up, if you feel ready to suck it up when the game gives you the finger before crashing to death or mining with a pickaxe in a future that offers plasma guns (go figure), you'll have a blast. It's not a finished game, but it's the closest you'll ever get in shaping a populated world while retaining the best aspects of survival + crafting + building games.Good job, Pathea. You almost have an awesome game there."
76561197975480054,Recommended,237870,9461952,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,GhostMak3r,if you like minecraft and sandbox.    this game is for you.   for a game in alpha stage its really awesome.you can craft your own vechiles  and design them from scratch.  make a simple box gocart or go leet andmake a roadster....  your only limit is your free time :P     the landscape is beautiful  not that blockly 8 bit crap.theres a demo load at their website so give it a shot!
76561198004520356,Recommended,237870,9444288,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,campmasta,"I've been burned so many times on early access games showing me a demo video, then me buying it, and half the functionality is there.  Well I'm happy to say, this is not the case.  It's everything its advertised to be and more.If you're a gamer, you'll understand the following: ""Its like Minecraft had sex with Starforge, then WoW was genetically infused with its off-spring.""  I know there are many more games you can swap out for that analogy, but bar none this has been the early release game of its type.  Good job and high-fives to the devs.P.S.  A little about the game-  There is a whole lot to do.  I'd suggest new players start out with story mode so you can understand the crafting aspect of the game.  Then, if your so inclined, go over to adventure more (survival mode) and get to building that awesome base with a helicopter pad and garage so you can really dominate this planet."
76561198024265795,Not Recommended,237870,35208874,Posted: 25 September,all,Zantar,"This game is complete garbage. It looks and plays very little as advertised, every single multiplayer server is empty and they are damaged so badly they are pretty much unplayable. Players have dug up and destroyed the terrain around the spawn in areas so you pretty much can't play. The best part of this game was the laughs me and my friend got out of it while we figured out how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was. I got a refund needless to say."
76561198043141224,Not Recommended,237870,32153222,Posted: 3 June,all,AdmiralSnackbar,"Had the game on my wishlist. Bought it on 50% sale, crashed twice trying to start the story. Finally got in only to find that the character models are suffering from pixel jitters. If you like crashing and looking at pixel vibration all day, this is the game for you... Shoddy coding in Unity engine and according to a comment from a developer it's too far gone to fix now. Not even worth it on sale."
76561198031834045,Recommended,237870,9464976,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mostorm,"This game is still in Alpha, but showing a lot of promise.- great concept and the future development plans sound great- nice graphics- user interface is sometimes akward and not intuitive- Story mode quests sometimes are not possible to complete- Adventure mode still needs work"
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,237870,26404125,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hade,"I haven't play this game for over a year.Bought it just for multiplayer, which unfortunately is dead and boring. Most people I've seen are 12, 1-2 scatter on official and private servers.I played for 20 hours on an official servers.First I tried a Official story mode server (for about an hour). I found playing on this to be completely pointless. It's still setup for single player. Meaning once a mission is completed, it's gone forever. Unfortunately learning new things are completely mission based. So all these type of servers are dependant on how many have come before you and how far they've gotten in the missions. Hence now no one plays anymore on these servers.Per the Dev in the forums, go play on a private server. <-- I had a colorful thought to this remake.Then I tried an official adeventure survival server (pvpve). The game still has lots of bugs and glitches. You can't destroy player built structure, and there's lots of them, usually in cities where you need to go for missions in order to be able to advance. Players log on temporarly, build something stupid (grief) and log off. Imagine that, PVP with no raiding allowed. Second I was completely bored. There's nothing to really do except some missions. some are glitched and you'll never be able to complete them, some are just plain stupid, none are level biased.Example. I just created my character (that has no exps or skills), run thru the mission script (that you can't abort), it spawns some monsters that kill me instantly in one hit. You have the option to revive yourself, but there's no point since they are still standing where they killed you. You respawn and die immediately again.On the adventure server I found you get skills. To get a skill to go up, you must get experience points by mining, chopping trees, or fighting.All drops are random. I spent 20 hours to only get the knowledge to make a stone pick (after 4 hours of game play) and a copper shovel (after 17 hrs of game play). I found out I can mine ore with a shovel. A stone pick will not mine ores.If you ask the right NPC, they will give you a mission for a MK2 laser rifle, after that you don't need anything else.Shovels are obsoleted in this game. Best just use a pick, better reward and faster. Shovels only do a wider area, but less reward.Ranged combat is everything in this game, you only use melee when you first start or if you absolutely have to.They've added dungeons (adventure only). Risk vs reward just isn't there. Plus you find no scripts (to learn how to make new items) in dungeons. Just armor and weapons, mostly just junk to sell. Also the monsters tend to get stuck or they're too big to fit thru the hallways, easy pickings.Fighting the various monster in the game is uninspiring. They run directly at you and get stuck on whatever obsticle is in the way.  And then there's the part that hardly any spawn all. I remember a year ago, I was being chased alot. Not so anymore. Most just travel in packs. Kill half of them, the rest flee. In dungeons, the harder monsters are just too big and get stuck easily. Making it easy for you to kil lthem.To make money to buy items you have to be able to sell. Most of the time, merchants are out of money unless you purchase from them first.They've added a comfort level to characters. Now you must either buy a comfort shot or sit in a chair/bed and wait for your comfort level to rise. Yes, this type of innovation really make me want to play this game all the more. Watch tv while waiting for your comfort level to max out, so you can play for a while to do it all over again. And the better the armor, the less comfort maximun you have, so the more you have to eat and rest, but if you eat too much then you also get penalized. So I'm starving, but since all I had was low value food, I'm also penalized for it, makes sense. Yup, they've taken all the fun right out of game play.Was reading this game is ""supposedly"" schedule to leave EA on Nov 7 due to external pressure. Yeah, that's a very good reason to move a game out of EA, who cares if it's full of bugs, as long as we make everyone else happy, except the people who play it.On the plus side you can make your own vehicles and weapons. It seems overly complicated to me as I don't play this game much. But if you're into spending hours on something like this, then this game is for you.Got a disease, forget about getting a remedy for it, just teleport to a location to get rid of it. Kinda wondering why they even added them.It can be fun for a while, new game nostalgia, after a while you'll start to lose interest, find out it's just repetative, and finally figure out it's just boring.Disclaimer:I understand that it's still in EA, but so what, you sold it here, you get rated on what it currently is not what you think it will be.Update 11/3/2016:Tried the Single player game.No skill advancement in Story mode.You'll get to a point in the story where you can't proceed anymore.It's a recue mission, a ship trapped up really high between two cliffs.You have two options for the mission:Option 1: Build an aircraft (to reach the survivors), unfortunately you can't do this since you can't build a factory yet to make the neccessay parts for the aircraft. Which leaves Option 2.......Option 2: Build a ramp up to the stuck escape ship. Yeah right. I spent well over 3 hours trying to figure this out. While I'm sure the building part makes perfect sense to the devs, to the casual player it's a nighmare. Not only is building in this game difficult at best, you must build it in the right spot (where ever that is, I tried from multiple angles) and I was unable to rotate it, so you must struggle with that too. I even managed to build a ramp to the ship, however I guess it was in the wrong spot and so it didn't count.  And trying to delete what you just accidently build doesn't always work either. So you must try over and over and over.Eventually I just gave up on building the stupid ramp and on this game. Since this is a main mission, and you can't progress in the story until you complete it.Guess I'll just wait another year again.........Update 5/17/2017: (IT""S BETA again)The game is down to 5 official servers, 1 story and 4 adventure. Pointless to play on either. Story is progressed to far and adventure they have already a colony build (1 per server allowed) and you're not welcome.So my choices are.... play on a dead server, mess with port forwarding, or play a single player incomplete campaign game. Read that they're planning to make this a series of games. How about fixing this one first?My third mission I was to build a colony. WTF! Isn't colony building mid to late game???Also once you exit out of the game you must kill it in Task Manager, since it's still running in memory. That was a problem in EA, they fixed it, and now we're back to it again. Way to go!You'll also get missions that are incompletable. I've had to restart the game multiple times due to this. Or bad starting location, like an island with no land in sighjt.They've also removed the need to aquire scripts (blueprints) in Multiplayer. Now you automatically know everything with no option to turn this feature off. This is the worst idea yet.This also makes crafting difficult since the search option doesn't work most of the time, so you must scroll thru all the items trying to figure out in which category it's located.There are still placeholders for items that were never put in or items that have no function."
,Not Recommended,237870,21018887,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,IDNoise,"2 years passed, didn't play since v0.7 and now 0.921, constant mini freezes/lags (i7/24gb ram/gtx970), fonts are readable only with some screen resolutions  (on 1920*1200 i can't read anything in dialogs). Controls became worse, try open map when you play in mode without mouse cursor - it doesn't appear. You see ""harvesting"" icon on the tree, but character doing nothing, you ready up/holster  weapon multiple times and it finally can harvest.I have no idea what developers do, super slow progress - no problems , but i don't see any improvements or i will not see because i can't move forward, just don't want to play a game where basic controls are crappy after 3 years of development. Last time(v0.7) i had some fun and now not going to recommend it at all.Anyway, you can always refund / buy it on big sale."
,Recommended,237870,20717183,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,strathadan,"This game is fun and quite addictive.  The game may be my favorite run around the sandbox game.   This is early access and is even fun at this stage.  The goals are ambitious and the devs update frequently.  I am greatly looking forward to the finished product, but I can tell you it is worth every penny even in the current state for the addictive gameplay with intuitive controls.Edit:Here I am many updates tater and this game is a gem.  Features added, graphics improved, bugs squished.  I consider this a must buy for sandbox gamers."
76561198023549535,Not Recommended,237870,32772712,Posted: 25 June,all,Ravensnevermore,"The game starts promising.. looks nice but it  has a major drawback... the controls are very clunky, not to say sometimes inpossible to navigate or even fight.Fighting itself is quite a challenge... not that the mosters are creative (but nice looking) but they tend to run away ... and you cant run and hit them. So its an adventure to try to hunt down Animals.Crafting system looked promising and realy fleshed out. Maybe if one playes without Monsters in Singleplayermode the Game may be fun. I requested a refund...I can not recommend this game, compared with ARK, 7 Days to Die or similar games"
,Recommended,237870,26194799,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mysticlight,"Ive played this way back when it was alpha, it was rather cool and neat with some of the mechanics.But it didnt hold my interest for long as it just seemed like a fancy way to do minecraft.Now that i have returned in its Beta. the game has changed So much! and in a good way.It has a control scheme that makes it stand out to other survival games, and i really enjoy it.i would say its like a MMO cross survival like style.i havent gone through too much in the game but been playing it non stop for the past few days, and i really love the colony system, which i think is only in story mode for now i dont know, but the developers did say about porting Story mode elements into other gamemodes.I would reccommend starting this game through story as its less overwhelming, i like to think that the complex creation system is somewhat optional if your not into it, as there are other gear in game. (just in case you may want to dabble in it later)There are bugs in the game but i trust the developers to get as many worked out in the near future."
76561198047198354,Recommended,237870,10740018,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SW,"This game is quite fun, though I hope digging a cave home can be an option soon, and hopefully completely randomized map too (such as different rock type placement)."
76561197970619404,Recommended,237870,27867022,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tozen,"For an open world, crafting survival, etc. game, this game has amazing potential is is updating all the time. The custom voxel creation system is fluid and worthwhile, giving the game massive amount of customization, mixed with ISO sharing so you can snag the creations of others. I haven't tried multiplayer but would love to work a colony with friends.Overall, for a $25 game, this is worth every penny and MORE!"
,Recommended,237870,11375754,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Snowfox05,Great open world voxel survival game. Has a really good mining and crafting concept plus the ability to blueprint own designed equipment for creation in the game. Would recommend to anyone who likes games with sandbox elements and the ability to alter and create the environment and its objects to suit.
,Not Recommended,237870,29529902,Posted: 27 January,all,Geischfelt96,"It has a few things going for it.  The vehicle/building/weapon bulding system is awesome.  You can make some really cool things if you spend enough time on it.  Otherwise, the gameplay is boring, the crafting is lackluster, resource gathering is difficult and tedious.  It had a lot of potential.  It's just not polished enough to justify the price."
,Recommended,237870,9557489,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,🌌$3X y $pot$🌌,Beautiful.
,Recommended,237870,9557105,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,crippknottick,"This game has a ton of potential. Kind of feels like an offline World of Warcraft.Though the game definitely needs more polish with animations, sounds, and ought to just outright remove voice acting in favor of text based dialogue ala Morrowind style or something.It's possible to have limited controller support. It would be awesome if it had full support with a larger UI.Check it out for yourself. It's worth the asking price in it's current condition."
,Recommended,237870,24712440,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[WTP] Rune,"(Excuse the low hours showing, most of the playing was in offline)I have been on and off playing this for at the time of writing around two and a half years.  Waiting patiently for it to come out.The first thing I would like to point out is although work has been slow, the devs have been open with their plans and realistic in their aims with only occasional lapses in communication - I don't mind waiting in cases like this where a dev is up front and honest.Do I trust them to continue working on this? yes.Second big point is that the real joy of this game is once you get your bearings exploring and finding out about the world, it feels expansive, majestic and just different enough to always feel alien.The Immersion is the selling point for me, I could build a helicopter and fly up a mountain just to park up and watch the sunset and listen to the music.Thirdly, the AI and the building system. Not great at the moment, but I prefer to forge ahead solo in my own creations so in this respect I'd like to point out how generally unobtrusive parts of the game that you have no interest in can be. It doesn't effect my fun."
,Recommended,237870,26684924,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dave2013,"Planet Explorers is a game full of adventure. The game has your basic 3 playable modes: single player, multiplayer and design modes. I been playing the game for several months and followed the updates.The main story line is a exploration spaceship crash landing on a ""unknown"" planet. Your quest is to create your own colony while trying to figure out the reason behind the crash. The story line has several hours of different types of quests. Like other games of the genre, the story line will have quests such as protection, escort, and gathering. What really sets a side planet explorers story mode, is the design of the building system in the sense that you as a member of the crew, that is now scattered through out the continent, are in charge of creating you very own colony. The creation of the colony is not a location specific task, meaning that you create it where you want. That freedom is one of my favorite aspects of the game. You can recruit almost all the members of your crew, even make some of them your companions.The colony system will allow you to manage your colony and colonists according to your desire. While not all the materials are produced at the colony, you are able to assign jobs to your colonists. After creating the appropriate machinery they can farm, train or work at a factory. Certain characters will have perks that will boost some of the tasks, combat and healing. The game features a nice menu with easy navigation making it very easy to manage your colony. You have access to this menu from every location but some of the tasks require you to be within the colony e.i. storing or retrieving items. You can even recruit some of the vendors to your colony giving you easy access to some of the prime materials needed to create whatever you want.The other highlight of the game is the creation system. This is a design system where you can design your very own vehicle. The game allows boats, ground and air vehicles. It also allows the creation of robots, tools and weapons. The creation system allows single or passengers vehicles that will increase in fire power, speed and durability depending on the parts added to the design. A lot of components of the game rely on electric charge and will deplete over time. Some of the more complex designs require a lot of work to create all the parts, but they are some shortcuts like purchasing from vendors.I only have played the single player in exploration and story modes. Exploration is a randomly or pre-generated map where you can play with out the basic main story line. AI still offers quests and AI colonies are generated for both friendly and unfriendly races.I purchased Planet Explorers as a early access. The game is now in V1.0.3. I can say with confidence that Pathea followed through and I am very pleased with the purchase.  If you are unsure about the game please try the demo. It offers around 2 hours of story and it should give you a good idea if the game is for you."
76561198035588457,Recommended,237870,10798451,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheGingerbear,"This game is fun, and with hopfully more to come in patches and updates this could be a much much more.The only issue i have with this game is that although the singleplayer campaign is oki find the game quite boring without playing with friends.All in all a good early access game to play and cant wait for more updates."
76561198060132911,Recommended,237870,15664203,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,clintfultner,"Being as I'm a classic science fiction fan, this game immediately jumped out at me.  Of course, I had to get it and it was money well spent.  It has been a long time since a video game has given me such a sense of wonderment, perhaps not since The Dig, way back in the dark ages.  I found the writing to be well done, with an interesting storyline to go along with the fun of exploring an alien world and designing the vehicles in which you explore.  The designs of the various alien animals remind me of the works of sci-fi and wilderness artist Wayne Barlowe.  I would highly recommend Planet Explorers to any sci-fi gamer."
,Recommended,237870,10855962,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ash Swoon,"Really fun game. One of the best steam games I've played, even in it's Alpha state. I've become extremely addicted to this wanting to craft better vehicles and explorer more into the unknown planet. Tons of craft recipes you can purchase from NPCs using the in-game currency of meat. I have only played the story mode so far but it is pretty good. Looking forward to experiencing multiplayer when I get some friends playing this."
,Recommended,237870,10674710,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zxco,"I bought StarForge looking for basically an enhanced form of mincraft. It was great let down (granted its getting better) but this game Planet Explorer has far surpassed any expectation I hae had about a craftable game. I am barely into the game and I have already experience a huge variety of monsters, minerals, equipment. I have gotten to build a base with a defensive wall and torrents. The building and crafting system in this game is by far the best I have ever played with, even better then all the mincraft mods. The ability to import an export ISO's you and others have created are an amazing addition to the game as well, which is basically a custom crafted item. I got this on the summer sale but I would pay the full price, it is amazing this is even in alpha as it is so feature rich, I am looking forward to see the finished product. Keep up the great work guys this is amazing!"
76561197965310496,Recommended,237870,10735810,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,demon[RAGE],"At a glance, Planet Explorers feels a lot like another MMO.  This is especially true if you play Adventure mode.  Not being all that into MMOs myself, I was at first a little wary.  Soon enough, however, the lovely scenery, interesting aliens, and a crafting system that has a variety of levels of depth, and I was already humming along and happily harvesting plants.The crafting system is excellent.  There is a basic level, where you learn ""scrips"" and then build objects out of stuff that is in our inventory.  Then there is a deep level, where you can build any 3D object you want and it becomes available in the game.I also really enjoyed the aliens.  Especially at first, you never know what an alien is going to do till it sees you.  Then you learn really quick.  The scale of aliens is also great.  There are beings tiny like us meek humans, and towering giants that either ignore you, or quickly put you out of your alleged mysery.This game can only go up as it gets more and more polished.  I'm happy to be in somewhere near the ground floor!"
,Recommended,237870,11435417,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,wolfofthenyght,"This game is SO much fun. I've been having a blast playing it in both single player (adventure and story mode) and multiplayer with friends over the past week. REALLY glad I bought this- for an alpha version of the game it's surprisingly polished, and so far I haven't found any bugs at all which is amazing. I've beta tested a TON of games over the past 15 years and I'm always finding bugs to report, but so far, I've found nothing. The dev's are really quick to update it too when something breaks, they're really on their game which is a refreshing change from a lot of the 'early access' games on steam that don't see updates for months at a time. One evening, the animation for chopping trees broke. I went to sleep, and it was fixed the next day! I got this on sale, but I dare say, it's worth the full price for how much time and care thats being put into this. It's like Minecraft and Landmark had a baby with the space adventures of Terraria/Starbound thrown into the mix. All my friends who play Minecraft with me love this game to pieces and we've actually been playing this a lot instead! The ONLY thing I would add is that I wish there was more weapon/armor variety IN the game, BUT with the ability to create stuff out of voxels (called/saved as ISO's) you can make or download a TON of fantastic stuff that have been made by users, so it's not even a big issue really. The game doesn't have some decor you want? Build it, or find it on the workshop! Absolutly amazing. And so far, the community has been VERY friendly and helpful- I really hope it stays that way."
,Recommended,237870,10012211,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"Steam is being flooded by sandbox exploration games right now. Next to starbound, this is one of my favorite. It still needs more work, but even in its current state, it is a lot of time sucking fun. What sets this game apart from others of its kind is that it is NOT 2D (its Voxel shaded...i don't really know what that means...) and the construction system. You can actually build cars and motorcycles in the game (as well as aircraft, eventually). You don't just collect the resources and then put it together at a crafting table, however...you use the in-game design tools to design how your vehicle will look, down to the paintjob and decals. My first vehicle was a model-T looking car with a huge turret, and 6 wheels to support all its weight. In addition to the construction system, you also have a massive and interesting environment, populated by a whole host of strange animals...like 6 armed fire-breathing bears. The music is also quite relaxing. There's a story-mode which makes it all the more interesting, as well."
76561197985724131,Recommended,237870,9507948,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,A Bipolar Zombie,Minecraft done right with the potential to become something much more enjoyable.
,Recommended,237870,9633937,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,freddinverno franco,"Okay, RELAX, and check if your chair is comfortable enough : This is Planet Explorers.This game has a slowlier gamplay than most of the games, but the music and the landscape will take you to another fantastic world!Basically in my a opinion, a BIGGER and truly evolved minecraft : one of the great features is that the game is sort of Sandbox-Based, you can bulid anything you want with many different materials, so : gather resources to bulid default items or create your own items, and that's a raelly cool thing.Day and night cycle last enough to let you explore and bulid and do quest of any kind without making you worry about WHAT TIME IS IT DAMN I NEED TO SLEEP....no, there's no such things in this game!I didn't play the game so much, i've bought few days ago, but i'm diggin it, slowly getting into the gameplay (only tried single player though), game looks really cool, hope that the developers keep doing this great work.In my opinion few things could be redefined : a key to run faster (instead of only a key to walk), a better first person camera, with the possibility to look down and see your own feet and body, this is still a great alpha though!Can't wait to see new features that will be available in this game!I super reccomend this game, it is really worth! I"
76561197997330285,Recommended,237870,9638803,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Lt.Duran,"Get ready, innocent alien planet! Humans have arrived, and we’ve brought hunting, real estate development, and capitalism.Starbound + DayZ + Rust = Planet Explorers"
76561197970382100,Recommended,237870,9825429,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dragnet,"After a couple of less-than-stellar experiences with alpha/early-access/kickstarter games, I was pretty much set in the ""never again"" camp. A friend told me that I _really_ should check out Planet Explorer, given he knew how much I love sandbox games.This game - even at the alpha stage is, to put it mildly, absolutely amazing. Many, many years ago, an essay was written in the MMO community called ""Let me bake bread"" - in short, it said a _great_ video game lets the player play as _they_ want: Be that fighting, building, exploring, crafting or socializing. This game has it all (well, maybe not quite the socializing, but I haven't played multiplayer).The visuals are beautiful; The build system is limited only by your imagination and the content in the game - again, even at this early stage - reinforces both the suspension of disbelief and wonder.I could not be more pleased with this game. If you are a sandbox game lover, you will not go wrong with Planet Explorer."
76561198116374338,Recommended,237870,9710565,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Floyd Johnson,Fun...Bugs...but i hope to see this game progress
76561197988877843,Recommended,237870,9469223,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Zacharii,"Wow, good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Definately a good game for people who were looking into ""starforge"" awhile back which seems to be going nowhere. This game has everything that i expected and more. My favorite is designing your own vehicles and weapons, and finding other peoples designs online"
76561198022831181,Recommended,237870,9481717,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Blizz003,"And the award for least creative game title goes to......It's a lot like Rust, but doesn't take itself so seriously.  And the amount of things you can craft are... well, limitless considering you can design your own vehicles, weapons and buildings.Of the run-around-exploring-and-gathering-things-then-build-stuff-and-try-not-to-die genre, I think this game is my favourite."
76561198042135700,Recommended,237870,9746387,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,eocnlogan,"Initially I was unsure about the game. You might be to. The UI is clunky, windows don't stay where you put them, fast travel breaks things, etc etc... welcome to alpha. KEEP GOING ANYWAY. They are making a tremendous effort to voice act the whole game. I found myself actually listening to the quests. I am enjoying a storyline that is becoming increasingly compelling as you not only struggle to rescue stranded colonists but unravel the secrets of this world. It is truely a gem. However in the interest of disclosure I am playing alpha 0.752. So I will list the pros and cons given this version, so that you can decide for yourself if its worth the money.Cons:- Alpha bugs (these will go away but player beware them) Fast travel breaks quests and resets window location. In fact theres a long list of bugs, many specific to a persons game. None of them were game breaking for me personally. Very polished for an alpha imho.-Mining is INCREDIBLY slow. Painfully even if you've ever played minecraft. If you think you are going to change the basic terrain in any meaningful way, you are wrong.-AI is often baffeling. They apear to be nearsighted and terrified of jumping over obsticals. Often I found them on an impossibly vertical surface stuck in place. Time to break out the pickace and carve em off, slowly though, because the pickaxe does nothing quickly. Or just standing around uselessly while I fire away at giant robots getting cut to ribbons by death lasers because they can't see far enough away to be useful. Same goes for turrets, which more often than not get blown up before even firing. Layerback quest is poorly designed as one of the npcs is not invincible and imediately dies unless you bury him in a hole and cover him over. Alpha is alpha.-VTOL (Vertical Take Off and Landing) design has basically nothing to do with reality, and a redesign of the controls for making them in general could use a looksee. You can do it, its just not easy to scale parts, and they don't go bigger than their original size... you'll see what I mean. They fly like they're on rails, and really need tuning up to 'feel' more realistic. See: Battlefield 2142 transport.- Geometry in general. There is no ryhme or reason for running through the base of trees. Accessing the meat from a carcase is an artform not a science. ETC. I'm guessing this is an alpha issue as well but if they don't go back soon and unfrak the situation its going to be a depressing amount of work later for the devs.-Grass... the amount is as staggering as it is GPU shattering. The sensativity of the levels isn't intelligent. Theres basically several options including: none, Too much, holy good god, 1fps, and the all important personal home computer melter level in case ur tired of your pc. I set it at too much. I advise you to do the same, unless you're running a quantum based supercomputer.Pros:-Amzaing story with believable motives, and real characters, which you actually care about because its...-Voice Acted. Hoorah for immersion. Keep it up. Some bits are misssing here, especially when traveling and they randomly talk. I really hope they continue with this effort because everyone who's ever played another MMO has been in a TL;DR accept, kill, turn in kinda mood. This game slows it down, and makes you care, without pulling teeth. Its glorious.-Great Characters. Had to add this on its own. Everyone is believable, at least human-side. Very important to stay away from the classically ""I'm evil, because I'm a jerk like that. No reason."" *Kicks a puppy*-Build your own: Vehicles ground and air, swords, shields, guns, and more with a voxelbased system that with a little more time and polish will have you wondering: How do I port this to my 3d printer?-Mining, hunting, farming, gathering, crafting, building, sandbox explosion of fun. Some people just wanna horde a million items. Personally I think its a bit in depth, and found myself just buying the finished products... which you can do. So play it how YOU like. Something there for everyone.-Varied quests. Nothing is a grind, everything has a point. None of the go here kill 40 of these because I want their guts for garters crap. If you are gathering, exploring, or killing its for a reason. IE: learning to craft something new, saving a colonist who will sell you some new interesting gear, so on and so forth.-Hang Glider. I know you are wondering, if I've got space copters with lazer beams, why do I need a hang glider? Trust me, once you get this baby and a jetpack, you'll be sold on this game. Soaring through the trees (Which you can't run into don't worry ^.^) you'll notice the terrain is actually quite beautiful.-Fully developed universe. It has history, conflicts, and you get to learn about it all. More than that it effects you, and I found myself going from npc to npc just to find out more about the lore. Tedious reading goodbye. 90% voice acted so the story is 'told' by the characters who its happening to. Immersion is not just important but an expectation these days, and Pathea aims to deliver.-Critters. Mobs. Animals? are varied, interesting, and best of all, capracious. Initially I started with the  run and gun, and getting myself murdered, because they designers clearly favor realism, and I have the suicidal heroistic tendancies of most gamers. Then I found myself cautiously aproaching new life forms. Everything has a power level, and some are over 9000. Descretion is important, almost as much as learning to run like hell. I apreciate this, however some of you would put this in the con group. Some of you can bugger off.Theres more to it, this is a highlights list. I'm telling you I've played enough games to wonder what I'm doing with my life... and I recommend this game, even in its alpha form. Give them your money, and say goodbye to the next week until you come up for air.This is sgmongo, signing off."
76561198069601939,Recommended,237870,10340821,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Hatchet,"This is extremely good game, there are bugs so if you find any report them so that they get fixed. i just found one and will report and hope it will be summitted in time for the next patch to be fixed. If you like survivial, you will love this game and i recomend it to many players, new or old to survivial. story mode which is single player is really fun and they tide in the tutorial within the story mode which makes the game play go so much smoother. ANyways enjoy this game and hope you all like it just as I do."
76561198035025446,Recommended,237870,9468860,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mortay,"Has great potential, but as for right now it is very unplayable and it has alot of bugs."
76561197993616900,Recommended,237870,9481856,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,gwackmung,"dam lot of fun, i litteraly giggled like a schoolgirl when my first helecopter took off and flew perfectly even with 2 extra passengers.  monsters are super cool and interesting , great storyline, nice scenery, tuns of veriation in everything which is nice. does crash once in a while but its an alpha that plays like its dam near gamma so no complaints."
,Recommended,237870,9491389,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Crackermachine,"I have had this game for a few days now and I highly reccomend it. IT IS EARLY ACCESS. That seems to need to be emphasized more often these days, but for the money it is a great game!Think of Minecraft with better graphics, with some MMO features thrown in (and more coming!). Throw in some interesting tech and take off! You can design your own vehicles and vtol aircraft!, pick how many seats and such you want, as long as you have the resources in Story Mode, or the Meat(money)/resources in adventure mode, you can let your imagination run rampany on the vehicles. Finding ore (if you dont wanna cheat and look up the grids..until they make minerals random 'REPEAT: EARLY ACCSESS', you have a handy scanner that will read the area around you and you can look for specific minerals. Some aren't listed though, like Tin for instance, but I won't spoil that, if you are having a hard time finding tin and want the spoiler, aside from doing basic googling, you can add me and ill tell you"
,Recommended,237870,11888671,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Snark Shark,"Pretty fantastic game with interesting alien plant and animal analogues to Earth. The crafting is extensive but might need to be fine-tuned. You can build everything from a wooden shovel to a helicopter. Just exploring is half the fun but watch out for the other hostile alien race also trying to colonize the planet! Even though it has a lot of fine polishing to be done and it's not very easy to figure out how the crafting system works at first, I highly suggest buying the Early Access, as what I've seen and played shows great promise. You can play a story mode (which isn't finished currently) or an adventure mode that gives you more freedom and more than you'll have at the beginning of the story mode. There are also multiplayer servers where you can play Survival Coop, Survival PVP, or just build in peace. You can play using the seed of Planet Maria or a random seed to test your luck and so you have more control over the environment you'll be ""living"" on. There's a demo, so it doesn't hurt to at least check it out. 4/5 for me, because while the game is crazy-awesome at the moment, it still needs some polish and it will get that in the months to come."
76561198048023772,Recommended,237870,14026033,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,OPspoon,"amazing game!!! probably one of the best games i’ve played in a long time, there is so much you can do. its like minecraft and terraria had a baby, then that baby had a baby with pure awesome.the different game modes are great, story mode gives you a good feel for the game and is pretty fun to play through. but what makes this game amazing is the creative side, loads of items to create/ replicate, but the actual creation mode within the game OMG. pretty much think of something you want to make and bam you can do it. want a sick looking car just make it. theres a bit of a learning curve with it but it doesn’t take long to get the hang of.As for it being early access, yeah you can tell in some parts of the game. Some NPC’s will give you the same mission over and over, the game locks up now and again, using ranged weapons with a energy shield on, takes down the shield (not sure if that ones intentional or not haha). Over all for an alpha not really a whole lot wrong with it. Hell its more polished then BF4 was at release.Could not recommend the game more!! if your into adventure/exploration in open world get it, if your into creating/design get it. loads of funTHANK YOU to the devs you guys have done an insane job on the game so far!!! keep up the good work :)"
,Recommended,237870,9465241,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,(Censored),Great game! Looking forword to release. Only thing annoying so far is the way the game loads things when they come into view. this causes lag.
76561198042751961,Recommended,237870,10474350,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gamester4Life,"First time I have ever bothered to write a review for a game, but then this is no ordinary game. 40 Hours in and it just keeps getting better. Most enjoyable game I have played in a long time. Worth every bit of money I paid for this, and there are not many things in life that you can say that about. Well I off to build a boat and sail into the sunset as boats have now been added too, yaay!!"
76561197961327840,Recommended,237870,11916238,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,We Grow On Rocks,"Completely restored my faith in early access games.  Fewer bugs than some i've seen at freaking launch, an interesting story for single player, and an amazing construction and customization system for weapons, vehicles, and aesthetic items.  The multiplayer is terrific for still being in alpha, and I can't wait for quests and/or progression in multiplayer.  The community content for the custom vehicles and weapons is already fantastic.  I bought it on sale, and it had more than earned it's full price in the first couple of hours.  Deffinitely recommend."
,Recommended,237870,9490310,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Wu Ziheng,"One of the best Early Access games I've played to date. There is a lot of content here.Offline the single player has a storyline where you take quests and learn the ins and outs of crafting. There is also an Adventure Mode where the world is procedurally generated and you have to explore and survive with only a handful of NPC villagers.Online works as well. You can play on a server for adventure, versus or just building with unlimited resources.You can also create your own buildings in build mode as well as create custom vehicles and weaponry with their in game creation system. It's quite robust, albeit a bit clunky at first.The game still has a way to go, with some UI and camera issues to iron out as well as more character customization options. Like I said, it's one of the best Early Access games you can play now and with content and updates coming regularly it's must have for anyone who enjoys adventure with mixed with crafting."
,Recommended,237870,9491930,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,xylude,"This game is mother****ing amazing. The only reason I would recommend not getting it, is if you have things to do in your life that aren't playing Planet Explorers. It's pretty addictive and fun. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,237870,26636208,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Stymeist,"I really do enjoy this game... but unfortunatly its just too broken. The lag on the multiplayer survival servers is unreal. Sometimes it's fine and sometimes it's completely unplayable. I would make a post on the forums asking the developers to address this but for some reason Pathea can't seem to figure out how to send me an authentication email so I can join the forums. Please Pathea, I know you are a small team but get your sh*t together because I would really like to play this game."
76561197989416805,Recommended,237870,26600590,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,{Big-Walter},It's a good game. Has alot to do and if you like a nice building adventuring game then this is a good one. The Devs spent alot of time fixing problems and adding content since I got this a while back. They are probly one of the only early access games ive tried so far who actualy gave something that was and is being worked on. So by all means if you like the whole building and adventuring type of game you should give this a try.Don't mind the negative reviews so far they are mainly people who like to complain and give a game they barely touched a bad review because of preference and not judging the game by what it is and how it works.Have Fun :D
,Recommended,237870,10610766,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,theurbanwatcher,"This is a good game for people interested in a minecraft type of experience. Those looking for a PVP or Hardcore RPG experience will be disappointed. At this point, the game is very limited but don't take this to mean that you can't do anything. The framework is here for a super awesome exploration/building/crafting game. It has an autocad type editor that you can spend hours recreating cars, planes, guns, swords, or decorative items from films, television, and other games. My buddy and I downloaded someone's jurassic park jeep creation and rode around among the giant creatures. It was very cool.SummaryActive Developers with frequent updatesSingle player campaignOpen world exploration with NPC quest giversMining and CraftingRandomly seeded world for multiplayer with co-opMANY, MANY BUGSSLOW Game PlayDifficult multiplayer hosting and connection processMultiplayer works off and onIf you're looking at Planet Explorers wait a little bit before buying the game unless you find it on sale. Development is slow going but consistent. I DO NOT feel cheated by the developer at all. I recommend this game for those interested in it."
,Recommended,237870,9481511,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Rhadamant,"This game is totally amazing. Crafting, colonization, boss fighting, deep story mode and its totally multiplayer!!Buy and play immediately if you've ever thought:Minecraft is too easy and the graphics aren't good enoughI wish I could build a town in Skyrim / Oblivion / MorrowindI sure wish Terraria / Starbound was 3D"
,Recommended,237870,9493085,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kernalgohd,"This game is HUGE. Massive. The first game to really drop me on an untammed planet and just tell me ""Hey, heres some crap you can do, now go do crap."" I feel incredibly unrestricted. This game has already more than impressed me, and I havent even managed to do ANYTHING noteworthy. Feels like the beginning of minecraft all over again; So impressed with my dirt box mudhut that I forget how awful I am and truly just enjoy the exploration.Surviving isnt exactly hard. The enemies dont exactly come searching you out, and running from most the land monsters is fairly easy... Until you♥♥♥♥♥♥off something bigger than you. But you learn to only make that mistake once or twice. You learn very quickly how you SHOULD act to survive. Taking damage is always very serious, and ranged weapons become your new best friend, despite how much fun I would have running around and cutting things to bits with a sick sword, the game gives me a good realistic slap in the face to remind me that these creatures are fundementally stronger than me, and will kill me in a simple swordfight through outright hurting more. Guns and bows give you the good range to distance yourself enough to have a fighting chance, and you can switch to a melee weapon to do more damage when they get there. (Though usually I panic and just jump around like an idiot still trying to shoot them)Building a camp isnt entirely manditory during the early parts of the game. Most of your time is spent running around and exploring. I love that. The game doesnt try to chain you down to a spot, and really enforces the idea of going and exploring. They give you scanners, and maps to help you find your way back, so getting lost isnt a huge worry either, the map has landmarks you can fast travel to and find your footing from there. And the scanner helps you find veins of ore to dig to, so you dont have to search forever to find ore, and then huddle around it thinking its the only one you'll ever find. Even still you can mark locations on your map to remind you where it is. Now you dont HAVE to explore, and it is definitely possible to hide in a small radius, but the game gives you plenty of incentive, and doesnt punish you at all for doing so. Its really all about how you want to play the game.The building system is really cool. It is flawed in places for now, I do feel a bit restricted as I havent found a way to make rigid edges and square corners (However I could have missed that part in the tutorial, which is screens of text with pictures, kind of a scary sight for gamers these days as it has been established that reading is the bane of our existence). That said, it is a sort of lego system, but you can build weapons, shields, guns, vehicles, etc. Though Ive noticed building something cool, like a Katana for example, is somewhat punished because I could never make it as strong as any premade weapon. Same with shields. I did for a while favor the weaker weapon due to the bond I had with it, crying at enemies asking them to die faster because it looked cool (It didnt work :'<  ). In addition, I wish there were some premade vehicles that I could just use until I get the hang of creating my own, while it does make sense for my first vehicle to be a piece of crap that looks like it has less thought put into it than a dune buggy (Basically just a frame since I kept dying in game while using the build menu). All in all the building is a cool idea, and could be better with just a few tweaks here and there. Importing models made from others online would also be INCREDIBLY cool. For example, someone could make themselves some halo vehicles, or a ferarri and share it with friends online.This game is just straight up one of the best sanbox games so far. The only thing they are missing are all the people on the sidewalks in GTA or Saints Row to run over and giggle while they go ""thumbapdubabubadump"" off the hood of your car. Definite reccoment, as it sits right now, its a 3.5/5 game, but thats as its incomplete form, I can forsee a 4.5 or 5/5 in the future if they keep going at this rate. Cant wait for the planned Mod Support, as you may be able to tell from my icon, I would adore some... Racial mods :3"
,Recommended,237870,9801983,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Big Mchugelarge,"Planet Explorers is a very unique game. While it does come with several short-comings which I will discuss later, the game itself is very well rounded and based on a sound survival tactical idealism that is reminiscient of minecraft, but has dutifully ascended to what Minecraft could never quite achieve; and it's still not complete!Before I dive into what I truly love about Planet Explorers, it would only be fair if I start with a few of it's shortcomings. The first thing is the fact that early game survivability is ridiculously odd, with a botchy combat system and not quite complete progression, this game lacks any motivation to keep on playing past the bad in hopes of reaching something good. Not to mention how ridiculously easy it is to aquire the best gear in the game through the incomplete store function. Sure, while the ability to design your own vehicles and weapons is cool, it's not really something to be all that impressed about, it's very linear about voxel placement and the damage to size ratio is far off to say the least.But putting all of that on the back burner, I would like to now dive in to what I thought was amazing about the game, and the reasons that I kept playing through the faults. The in-game world is beautifully designed, and provides motivation to explore and just admire the scenery. The colony function allows you to find people out in the wildnerness who you can ask to join you and before you know it, you can get a whole group of people following you around. The combat system is great, but part of the problem with it is just how poorly animated it is, but that's very easy to put aside. The animals and aliens in this game are not only well designed, but also are varied in appearance and combat strategy, it will make it difficult to say raid an alien colony without preparation, and it makes your troubles worth it in the end. With a good story mode and great functionality for a game that's still unfinished, it's hard to point out that many faults in it. And even then, to find anything really wrong with the game I had to nitpick.If I was going to rate this game, I'd have to give it at least a 7/10."
76561197988145684,Recommended,237870,10738402,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jeep91,"I have only played Single player, and i must say I LOVE the game, I am excited for the new features that will be coming but there is a pretty solid game already as it is, exploring the world with your followers and listening to the beautiful sound-track as you go, fighting off monsters and building a colony of workers well trying to get farther in technology, amazing game. 9.5/10, with the features they say will be coming 10/10."
76561197975942159,Recommended,237870,9506029,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Marching Monkey,"What so say? I've been playing it for a short bit when writing this but I guess I'll say this anyway.This game is beautiful, it has a lovely soundtrack and it does definitely have potential whatever it'll be RP, PvP or whatever you prefer. I loved it for the short while I played it before it crashed. ;)"
,Recommended,237870,13454601,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,黒猫,"very promising game. if you're the type who loves exploration, building stuff (and testing them out), or just flat out doing whatever then this game is a must try. it's still in alpha so it comes with a few cons, such as the need for better hardware optimization, better melee combat, occasional minor glitches and crashes. but then again, these do not deter from the great experience this game delivers."
,Recommended,237870,13570694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,hemotem,An Excelent game to plaay. Follow the story or just go adventuring or build to your hearts content this game offers it all.
76561198014563351,Recommended,237870,13811533,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sixgun77,"Open world, scifi, building stuff. I'm happy. all I need now is to see if there's fishing in game."
,Recommended,237870,25517536,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"It's definitely fun at it's current state, and the developers have been steadily pushing out updates for the past couple years.I haven't tried the last couple betas, but vehicle handling is kind of dull? not really physics based I guess would work?There are still bugs to be quashed and performance could be improved, I would recommend purchasing this if it's the type of game you like. It is one of those resource grindy games, it comes with a decent story, and it's fun to play with friends (story can be in single or multiplayer).Edit: Oh, and no ♥♥♥♥ing zombies"
,Recommended,237870,31329626,Posted: 23 April,all,StOnGdUkE,"I really like this game! It has an extreme amount of custamizability, and I'm still figuring out ways to do things faster, using those features I never knew about. Heck, I have custom armor, custom guns, custom vehicles, custom everything! And, there is a workshop! The only complaint that I have about this game is that it isn't entirely optimized, but that's something that I can look past because this game allows me to express my full creativity."
76561197968576315,Not Recommended,237870,34698315,Posted: 2 September,all,Krombopulos Michael,Unfinished crap. Don't buy
76561198141584660,Not Recommended,237870,34586579,Posted: 29 August,all,Aaron_fye85,"Poorly optimized.  Frame rate dipping under 10.  Thought it might've been my laptop at first, a laptop that ran both skyrim and fallout 4 never lower than 40 fps.  Tried it on my desktop and surprise, surprise, the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  Wasted money."
,Recommended,237870,9510297,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Vantus Schwuli McPoof,"I've not even played this for an hour on the steam version, but hear me out.People don't want to hear the ""the game has potential"" b*llsh*t. They actually want to play it right now.Good part about this is, you can.It is still very basic, the combat and AI is not really something extraordinary yet. The crafting is very good though. This game has a really good atmosphere in it, and VERY playable for an alpha. There's lopads of content in it.You can build and design your own vehicles and armor, which is really sweet if you're creative.I look forward to a gamemode which just enables PvP around the world, no teams unless you choose to.If you are on the edge of buying this after watching some cool gameplay, buy it."
,Recommended,237870,9690977,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Abdul Alhazred,"This game is so cool, you can literally do anything and build anything."
76561198080974568,Recommended,237870,9464088,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,VeeRedLine2o6,pretty cool game
76561197966657026,Recommended,237870,9510584,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,The Ugly Dwarf,"Planet Explorers is a great experience when you like exploration, sci-fi, craft, and beautiful landscapes. It's rare in a game to stay on top of a (virtual) mountain, and stay there a few minutes just to enjoy the sunset while some predators hunt gigantic herbivores under your eyes. Mining seems almost real, and the contruction kit offer great possibilities. On the other side, fighting is quite basic, and some animations may be rough. But for a beta access, it's a total success and developpers seem to take their jobs seriously."
76561198021585956,Recommended,237870,9463096,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Telperion_sr,"I am only two hours in, and I can already tell this is going to be a great game.  The sheer size and diversity that I have seen so far is amazing alone, I have been walking to one place for quite a while, only to find that I haven't even traversed a twentieth of the map... on Story Mode.  Needless to say, my first impression for this game have been nothing but phenominal."
76561198075196607,Recommended,237870,20992519,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ColeT2014,"Played it when it first launched but (no offence to the devs) was a buggy unstable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Lately something amazing happened, they updated it! New Engine! New Feattures! New EVERYTHING! Completely revamped from the ground up this game is on its way to success and will rightly take its place up there.I love the new updates and they have worked hard you can really tell.I would wait for a price drop though, not worth £20. Wait for a sale :)"
76561198011611768,Recommended,237870,12859491,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Thorn,Started playing it and instandly lost 3 hours. Always a good sign when a game is good enough to make you forget time.Update: I'm not a fan of the buildin editor - thankfully you can export and import your constructs so Ican get cars and whatnot online without having to use it.
,Recommended,237870,31567774,Posted: 5 May,all,hushpeople,"I have had so much fun with this game.  My kids like to watch it when I play and both of my kids were walking around saying ""Chop chop chop, my shoulders are feeling good"" for days.  It feels low budget and it seems like a lot of the ideas included were not quite fleshed out or finished.  It looks to me from the Dev's regular updates with content (all free mind you) that they are slowly adding all the features they wanted to.  It really does feel like an incomplete game BUT the game is still a lot of fun to play.  The map is huge and you can build anything anywhere literally.  That alone makes this game a lot of fun and building a bridge across a river because it is in the way is pretty cool.  The story is decent and pretty unique.  I honestly haven't finished the quests to complete the game because I was a little bummed out when I found out that you couldn't go to the second continent that everyone wouldn't shut up about.  Talk about a kick in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a steeltoe boot...  Hopefully in a DLC or sequel.  Keep at it Pathea!  You have a really great concept here and the game has so much potential.  Plus it has a Chinese dude walking around blaring Chinese music all the way to 10.  I DARE you to find that in any other game!"
76561197974905520,Recommended,237870,26561717,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,3D Lunatic,"This game is a perfect example of how a beautiful game can be marred by poor voice talent. I cannot say anything bad about the rest of the game, it's great and I would recommend for everyone to buy it. A lot of work has gone into it, and it's beautiful.However, the whole experience is marred by unprofessional, unenthusiastic voice talent who sound like they're just reading their lines. It completely breaks the experience of the game. Gerdy sounds like she's someone's mother and has no prior experience in voice acting. Why spend so much effort to make a beautiful game, and then go cheap on the voice actors? It just ruins the experience. I can see it being the one thing that will turn people away from playing this game. I never thought voice was very important, definitely not as important as visuals, but it's really breaking the reality of the game. It's really too bad."
,Not Recommended,237870,32120433,Posted: 1 June,all,Psiursus,"Alrighth so, ive actually got a few hours in this it was just offline.I got this years ago (maybe 1-2?) and wanted to wait for it to be developed a bit more. Still after trying it later, I cannot get into it. It's so boring. The music absolutly sucks. The graphics are ok, but everything is so stiff for such long development. I cannot tell what they have been doing to this game over the time it has been developed.I will revisit it later, but as of a few hours of playtime I cannot recommend this."
,Not Recommended,237870,10508555,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Deathcricket,"This game is really rough for how expensive it is. Once you get beyond the nice visuals, you are shocked at how bad it is. Multiplayer is atrocious and not even worth mentioning. Completely broke. Here is a short lisr of complaints in the single player.- Your own turrets target and kill your own followers- Can't take you followers mining, they get stuck in a hole and never get out, end up having to dig a nice smooth ramp up to rescue them.- larger trees have no collision detection, you can walk right into center  and through them completely- No collision detection. While swinging a sword you swing through the mob and end up having to stop and turn around and re-target, because its now behind you. Main attack mode is to swing at air and hope you hit something.- Quest box will not resize to accomidate addl quests- Quest box will not stay in position place indicated, always returns to the default center of screen after any action (ie fast travel)- Quest box will not move to end of screen if you have more than 3 cuurently- NPCS on escort missions are unkillable. Why am I escorting them if they can't be killed?- Hit boxes way to small. Chopping a tree, looting a corpse, picking a flower, all impossible unless you are perfectly positioned, takes multiple positioning attempts  to complete menial tasks like picking herbs.- Beds actually hurt you and not heal, tooltip lies. there is no reason to sleep, except remove darkness.- Food hurts you? Eating food you lose health to regain stamina, you have to eat some food then use a bandage to recoup lost health.- only x and y position mapped, not z, so if I'm underground mining and a monster is on surface, it kills me.- monsters bounce around with no weight to them. I see huge rhinos walking on top of trees effortlessly, consider making larger beasts unable to float.-npcs have blue exclamations over their head and no actual quests for youGeneral- Why is my char able to carry 9999 rock, 9999 stone, 9999 swords, and 9999 suits of armor? Storage is useless since your char can carry every single item in game on them. Nothing in the game has any weight or quantity restriction, besides the 9999 limit- Game is too easy. No penalty for dieing. I can craft 20 revive potions and defeat any monster in game with a wood sword. too be fun it must be a challenge. When I die send me back to a starting point, or penalize me in some way.- Why is ore immediately available for crafting. It should have to be smelted, refined, or processed in some way.-music is annoying, consider more than two 30 seconds tracks on constant loop."
,Not Recommended,237870,19862592,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GuckTruck,"Bought it roughly a year ago, thought it would be an up and coming game, stopped playing it until today, i took a little time to play it and it doesnt look or feel any different. uhg."
,Recommended,237870,11376164,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Burger Grim,"Pretty goddamn amazing, even more so when you remember that's it's an alpha.Graphics are pretty good, I like the style. The music fits in perfectly. The best thing about it would be it's casualness for me. What I mean is, thanks to huge inventory and and very friendly interface, very slowly  breaking tools and no weight restrictions, it feels like a game and not like a chore (cough cough Rust, cough cough Minecraft). I normally don't play this type of games, but Planet Explorers is a damn fine one.As for story, it's nothing exceptional but it does it's job. Group of people crash on a planet they know next to nothing about and, as humanity always does, start to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and killing anymals, mining ores, cutting trees and harming local ecology in any way they can. Most people give you a little quest, the quests are same as always (fetch something, kill something, craft something etc..) but it works pretty well.It's absolutely amazing how little bugs there are in this Alpha version.All and all, great game, don't miss out!"
,Recommended,237870,12575383,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Garfield Vore,"Dont beleive the game is a bundle of glitches. I havnt died by a single tree or flung upwards hundred of meters. I have had fun in solo, and multiplayer can still be fun without friends. The creation systen is fun, creating rigid swords can add damage and the more barrels on a gun causes faster fire rate. it was fun creating items and im still experiencing more fun. gets repetitive with quests and has annoying mining and decent voice acting. 8.6/10"
,Recommended,237870,12544323,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tolbin,Seems like a fun game. Great potential. Still alpha tho.
76561198038100635,Recommended,237870,12481381,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Mad_Hattah,"I have played this game for a little while now and already I can say I am glad I own this game. It's  got a long way to go but thats the best part, the game is already amazing so the further it goes the better it will get."
76561197982336239,Recommended,237870,11378396,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Woody who lives in England,"Has something special about it. The art is unique and beautiful, the gameplay is so fun and different every playthrough, which is what I personally love. It's not a perfect game at this stage, but it has the potential to be, and most probably will be in the months/years to come.I can't name all the games, but let's just say this is all your favourite sandbox - open world - survival - builder - simulation games combined into one, with the ability to create anything you like.- Want a custom Gun? You can make it, shape the body how you want.- Need you very own version of the Buster sword, but bigger and badder... maybe in Gold? Sure why not.- Want to create your own Ferrari in the game? Sure you can... it'll take time and patience but the results would be worth it... - How about making your own Houses, with it's own furniture... yeah you guess it, you can make it.Most things like vehicles needs to have some precreated objects (like the engine of a bike) but its up to you to decide where to place the chairs then model and colour the body however you want. Swords require a Hilt object, guns require the handle and trigger object. But the overall shape of it is down to you.Everything else, like furniture or houses... you create them how you want.You will not be disappointed, it's early access and still has plenty of ways to go which only means that the final product will be bigger, badder and awesomer* (if there was ever such a word)"
,Recommended,237870,11377863,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Some asian kid,"If you think it looks promising, just buy it. You will get positively surprised =)Loads of things to do, things to craft, structures to build, places to explore and more.The creator is also quite simple to use, and opens up even more possibilities."
,Recommended,237870,11537458,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Admiral spongpol,"Never before had a game hooked me up so badly, only a week in and spent more than an entire day worth of time on it. o.oAlmost everything in this alpha is awsome! Most stuffs are polished .... let me list out the ups and down for y'all:Alright, for all you skeptic lads out there, I'll start with the down:Down:Bugs (at the state of an Alpha, this is pretty damn small)- Turret falling through grounds- Some funky clipping sometimes- Moster Beacon *** not disappearing or removable.Combat(melee) system could be polished some more ... somewhat stiff.And perhaps some optimization ... might hurt a bit if you do not have a decent PC, my laptop overheated every once in a while ... but perhaps because I might have been playing for too long ;)And now, for the good part ... I could go on with this for hours ... however, here're the highlights:Voxel based construction & destruction (Has according stats, not only for cosmetics)- The crafting (editor) system is brilliant, it is freaking brilliant! you can make your own:[VEHICLES] cars, bikes, boats, planes, airships, a flying shoe, etc.[ITEMS] Shields, guns ... you name it. But mind you, all voxel placements and materials EFFECTS THE ITEM'S Stats. (Sadly, you can't make your own ammo yet ... hope it is added though :) )[""Objects""] Want to make a decoration? Go ahead! Custom fence? Sure! Some dolphin you want to cuddle in game? Go ahead!RPG elements and Colony system:Putting this in the alpha persepective ... the Colony system looks quite promising ... though could use a bit of polishing.- You own a colony, which is used to produce resources/goods and houses Npcs.- Defend it or watch your work go to waste ... the ""Colony under attack"" Mechanic is brilliant.And the story. I am not sure whether it is completed or not ... But the current storyline I am following is really enjoyable.You start off as an colonist heading from Earth, with Martians ... and was promised a peaceful new start ... and so it begins [Aw Hell naw, I ain't gonna spoil it for you!]Npcs- Could use a wee bit of polishing, many of them are still as dumb as a rock ... but ah well, alpha wise some can talk and all can walk, that's fair.All in all, this is a brilliant game ... if you are looking for something to sink your teeth in, if you like games the allow you to desgin your own ways ... of travelling, fighting, living .... this is totally the game for you! However, mind you ... in order to thrive in this new world ... there are challenges to the mind ... if you think you got what it takes, then hop abroad the ship and off we go!See you soon, and safe space faring Colonists.- spongpol"
,Recommended,237870,10700896,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,O'Dande Freud,"I'm going to tell you what you want to know.*Is this game fun?  Yes, BUT it's still annoying for me to play.  I'm not going to sugar-coat this game, I like the concept, but it's still in Alpha, people, and my impatience+curiousity in the game outweighed that risk factor when I was debating on buying the game.  In the end, I bought the game and here are my thoughts:""It looks like Gary's Mod, Minecraft, Skyrim put into one!""Sort of, if you've ever played Space Engineers, it feels somewhat similar in controls, camera rotating, item building, etc.  I'm not the kind of guy who likes playing games that aren't incredibly fluid in controls, and despite the fact that you can still fix camera sensitivity etc., it still wasn't as fluent after a few minutes into the game.  Also watched a few gameplay vids on this and thought ""what the hell, why not steam sale and I want it"", but in the end, I didn't really play a lot of it since the gameplay was still somewhat annoying.Don't get me wrong, it comes with unique features like creating your own sword, being able to weild it, making designs for your own vehicles and guns from smaller pixels and detailing it nicely, but that only got me so far.So now.. should you get the game?If you have nothing else to buy, go for it.If you're leaning more towards buying this game over something else, don't get this.Keep in mind that you'll want to put a bit of time into learning and getting used to the controls.This game's controls wasn't as easy to pick up as something like Skyrim, Minecraft, or Gary's Mod. If you have patience, give it a try. If you're like me, don't bother until it's out of Alpha.*edited P.S.I have at least 2 hours of gameplay, but they're not showing. Perhaps I was in offline mode? But I know I spent one night on it going over a number of the game's features in adventure and building mode.Also, don't get me wrong or take this review negatively but I really do like this game.  I like the game and I like the concept of the game, but I hate the controls and the unfluid motions.  It's definitely a recommend for those who have time as people who have made gameplay vids on these look like they're having EXTREME FUN. But I'm not like them, so I'll put this game off for a while and come back to it perhaps when they've added many updates to it? :3"
,Recommended,237870,11331264,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Wormri,"A unique game that really allows you to express yourself, unlike some other 'crafting' games that promised to deliver, but delivered nothing BUT promises. Other then allowing you to create weapons, vehicles, shields and constructs voxel by voxel, this game looks very unique and the design is astounding, from creatures to environments, this game is absoulutely an eye treat and also a fun experience (and probably better with friends). I see a good future for this game, support it."
76561197983516018,Recommended,237870,11858669,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Zoom,Lots of fun!
76561198020417994,Recommended,237870,10652219,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ash,"Written as of A0.81 (June 22 2014)My first (~10 hours) hands-on impressions of the game)I didn't read any info about the game before I started it, so I didn't really know what to expect.I started the game, and went into solo-adventurer mode, here I found myself in a camp with some other people (shopkeepers it seemed, some had quests). I bought a shovel, ran out of the camp, and dug a small cave, neat! Then I equipped my dagger (I think it was) and attacked a creature that handed me my genitals on a silver platter. Then I started using some of the materials I dug up when making the cave to make a small hut (creatures are obviously not to be trifled with). About 5min into this I ran out of stamina, and I had no idea how to get it back.So I figured I'd try out the story mode.In story mode I found that there were some questlines to follow, they explained some of the basics, so I no longer want for stamina (or hp).The story mode led me from hub to hub, but I'm still only scratching the surface of this because I was distracted by a looming mountain; ""I wonder if I can dig a tunnel through that mountain"" *2 hours later* ""yeah!"". There is a progression in what schematics you have available, which follows the questline. For example, the first schematics for weapons available are wooden ones, then stone, then iron.The quests I did so far were mainly gather x/kill y/escort z ones, which for me would normally be a big ""thumbs down"", but in this game the backdrop steals the show, and the quests are (imo) mainly there to give you a purpose for why you venture out. I got a quest to gather 20 copper and 5 tin (I think it was) for some guy, and I ended up making a huge underground cave (mining 1000's of copper and tin in the process). I could have finished this quest in 5 minutes, and it would have been a boring gather quest, but because of how the backdrop is made I lost myself in it, and spent literally hours making my very own cave.SummaryMost early access games hold great potential, but Planet explorers, I feel, already has the fundamental basics covered, and this is why I recommend it. It's evident that the people making this know what they are doing, and with the content I've seen so far I don't doubt that they can flesh out the rest.It lacks polish (detailed below), but it has a solid engine. In my first 10 hours of gameplay I haven't had any crashes, and I did stuff like tunnelling through a mountain for fun (this was ~2 hours worth of drilling straight into rock), and then made a big cave where there was a copper deposit.For anyone who can enjoy the simple pleasure it is to shape the world with your mining pick and shovel, there is already a lot of hours worth of gameplay in this game.CaveatI wouldn't recommend it yet to someone who is only/mainly in it for the combat, although this does show promise, it's definitely not balanced - you can build 10 (portable) sentries and wipe out pretty much anything by placing them quickly on the ground near the creature while it's aggressive towards you. It will however cost a lot of bullets having 10 sentry turrets firing away at the same time.Lack of polish examples- not all game modes are quite ready, I recommend you start in story mode, this seems to be the most polished- some of the models lack the detail some other models have (people are very low-poly, but some of the creatures are gorgeous)- there is a help/tutorial system, but it's not very detailed, especially for some of the complex things you can do, like making your own craftable ISOs (blueprints)- a basic tutorial for how to ""live"" is needed (how to regain hp/stamina), there is a quest that explains some of it in story mode, but if you start out in adventurer mode you will be out of luck when you run out of stamina and don't know what to do (sleeping in a bed currently doesn't give stamina, I think it's intended to though)- a few features are not enabled yet- melee combat feels clunkyThe help/tutorial system will likely be lackluster till much later in the developement. It doesn't make much sense to create elaborate explanations of how to do stuff when it is likely to be changed."
76561198033423679,Recommended,237870,10692777,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big blenny,"This is a great game for survival, creaition and adventure."
,Recommended,237870,10808078,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,snugglebuggle,"Awesome and addicting. I was concerned this game wasnt for me when I started playing, but after I got a hang of the controls, I loved the feeling and experience it provided. This really IS an open sandbox adventure/creation game. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,237870,11128423,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DarkCow,"I find this to be a good mix of minecraft, robocraft, and classic sci-fi adventure."
,Recommended,237870,11209007,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mezha,"First time doing a serious review of a game, so please bear with me.NOTE: This review is for version A0.82 so my opinion may change for better or worse over time.With that all over with, let's get to the review.Prologue and Creation/building system 9/10Planet explorers is a voxel based open world building/RPG game with Singleplayer/multiplayer support. The game is very playable for an alpha game, and deserves all the credit possible for that feat alone. It's one of the best games I've played this year, and has lots of replay value through the creation system on its own. The building system in this game is one of its strong points. It improves upon something that games like Minecraft fall short on. It gives you the ability to enter a free cam mode and build as you see fit, with support for curved edges, slopes, ramps, and everything else of the sort. The creation system is fun to use, but really flimsy with its actual usage ingame. So far I've seen little use for ground vehicles, aside from being cool looking sometimes. The weapons are terribly weak and could be improved upon. When my 1000 meat pistol does more damage than 20,000 meat tank, then you have a problem. But all that aside, I've spent a majority of my time on this game making vehicles and weapons. It truly gives the power to the players. With admins stating that they plan to add extensive mod support for this game in later builds, I see it having a very long and prosperous life. Instant classic.Combat 5/10The combat system in Planet Explorers is very clumsy to say the least. You lunge forward with melee weapons and flail around like an idiot hoping you hit something, while the massively overpowered giant monsters make scraps of you. I've used 3+ revival shots on fights that should'nt even need healing. The ranged weapons are bearable, but the Ocarina of Time camera angle it throws you into makes moving and shooting very annoying. In the end I found myself relying on grenades and placing down my Artillary cannons to deal with monsters instead of actually fighting them.Exploration 5/10The game is not very rewarding for its exploration, with all of the ore veins being deep underground and very scattered, there's no reason to use your scanner unless you know exactly where the veins are. I havn't played adventure mode much to know about how bad the ore veins are in there, but the ore veins in story are massive and widely spread apart. Its taken my 10+ minutes just to get a petrol vein I needed, and another 20+ minutes to try and make sense of how to dig to it.Mining 7/10 (4/10 without guides.)This is the only game where I've only wanted to get 20 copper out of a vein, but came out with 3000. For some reason the mining in this game is awefully enrapturing. But my poiny from before remains clear, the process of getting to the ore is very agonizing, to say the least. Especially when you're not relying on guides to find the ores. Before I knew they were in set locations, I spent an hour or two on finding a silver deposit.Vehicles 8/10Vehicles are fun, but clumsy. Ground vehicles are like moving bricks, and take damage from everything. Their weapons are extremelly lacking, and eat through what little power they have like nothing. Aircraft are similar with power problems, but by the point you get Aircraft in the story mode you have a means to refuel them. Aircrafts also have much more versatile weapon systems. I cannot give opinions on boats, I've never used them or needed to use them. Sorry.Overall Alpha score: 7/10Presumed Release score: 9/10Personal scoring: 8/10 (Meaning how much I enjoy the game as a whole, not just getting an average.)If you came to this game from Minecraft, you are in the wrong place, this game requires a lot more time and effort to get to a reasonable standing, but is much more rewarding.Sorry if my reviewing skills are undesirable, I just felt the need to review one of my favorite games to date."
,Recommended,237870,32279076,Posted: 8 June,all,thatotherguy57,"I bought this when it originally came available on Steam, and it was unplayable at that time. The description and looks of the game gave me the sense that it had promise, so I kept a loose eye on it for the past few years. This past week, I checked on its development, and decided it was likely playable. I've had a ton of fun with it. Most of the complaints I've seen recently, I have not run across, although, I will agree with the MMO style controls complaint, that does make for occaisionally awkward gameplay."
76561198098230177,Recommended,237870,11471517,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Unleashed Squid,"I loved this game a lot!! I only have just begun to play it, since each update corrups current worlds, but I really like the graphics. This game has many challenges, trades, and fun mini-missions. You can also custimise your character, which is another plus. I reccomend this game to people who like survival games or RPG. Planet Explorers has overall been a popular favorite, and I have liked it a lot, so far.Ups:-The graphics are great!-The game is original-The plot is good-There is a LOT to do, so it is never boring-You can change things to fit the speed of your computer, so you get a good speed of the game.Downs:-Planet Explorers has not been finished, as you know, but this makes the trailer better than the game.-Some of the details/ creatures shown in the trailer have not yet been released into the game.-There is also a lot of lag bursts, making it hard to prepare for attacks.-There are glitches that need to be fixed, during the updates-After every update, your current worlds are destroyed."
,Recommended,237870,11442320,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,HighThumb,"This game shows a lot of promise. As soon as you enter story mode, you get this feeling of attachment to your character and story. The game is a little confusing at first but once you get a better feel of it, you'll instantly become addicted. Planet Explorers has exceeded my expectations by a land slide. For an Early Access Game, it's very well designed and runs quite smoothly on my pc. It's a combinatioon of sandbox, survival, action, exploration, space, and so much more than I can fit into one sentence. I completely recommend this game. 10/10!Check out my walkthroughs of Planet Explorers on YouTube!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuFhBQ4YXaE"
76561198022730169,Recommended,237870,11015015,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DMG | Alexc,"This game is shaping nicely so far, The updates and bug fixes are very helpful, I look foward to see what comes in the future. Something I would like to see though is a not so confusing creation system for vehicles and such."
76561197998500981,Recommended,237870,32326120,Posted: 10 June,all,maelxp,"For me, it is quite difficult to decide on this game.Do I like this game? Yes, absolutely.Could it be better? Yes, absolutely.Do I recommend it? Kinda...Lets go into detail:I have bought this game quite a while ago and played only the story mode (as it was pretty much the only thing working back than, even though the story wasn't finished). Back than only a few quests and only a ""small"" part of the map was accessible (I say ""small"" here, but it still took like 10-15 minutes to walk from the east edge to the west edge of the map).This meant, that I played the relatively few quests several times and gotten used to them.Unfortunately, new players obviously don't do that, they (logically) want to play the story in one go... and this - I think - is one of the reasons, why new players have issues with this game. To me it feels like, this game was optimized for players already familiar with the game mechanics - for players that took the time to just play around for hours and tested everything out.The game gives players a lot of options - without explaining how to use them best. That's up to the player to figure out.One example: The building system.You get two types of blocks (voxel blocks and blocks) - no explanation what the actual difference is... just figure it out for yourself.Then you can pick the type of material - again, no explanation what the difference between them is. Also no explanation, why you can use some type of materials (like diamond) and not others (like titanium).If you chose voxel blocks, you can pick texture, if you chose normal blocks, you can pick one of several shapes.Once you have set all that up, you can start, right?Well, no. You have to make sure there is nothing in the way of your building, so no peacefull animals, no NPCs, no piles of dung (seems so irrelevant, but especially on larger builds, dung lying around is SO annoying) and especially no enemies or aggressive animals... because they will obviously ♥♥♥♥ things up - and again on larger builds, it is pretty much impossible to not be interrupted several times because of attacking animals.And I haven't even started on the clunkyness of the camera during building...As for the creation system:(For those unfamiliar: The game has an editor in-game, where you can create various stuff, like vehicles, weapons and decorative objects - all based on voxels, objects can be saved and reused in other replays or be shared with others)The interface is somewhat difficult to learn, but once you get the hang of it, it is acutally quite fun to use and relevant to the game. For example, I created a rifle that is way better than the early models available in game and also cheaper to produce. I can use that rifle in every replay now. The only issue here is, that you can not repair it unless you have a colony set up...One thing I do however not understand about the editor: Why can't we use glass (or transparent materials in general)??In short / TL:DR:Planet Explorers is a fun game, if you like to figure things out for yourself and are not easily frustrated, if it doesn't work as you expect it to. There is pretty much no limit to your creativity here, especially with the creation system.However: The game does have bugs (both in quests and the base systems itself), that make it very hard to really enjoy it in the long term."
,Recommended,237870,9601353,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,BlackHeart PG,What an amazing game. Loved the open world and sandbox features. It has so many addictive elements. Even in alpha... 9/10!
,Recommended,237870,9613744,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[T.C] Thirsty Sloth,"Great Concept, lots of things to do. A bit unpolished, needs more updates. Otherwise a good game"
76561198041548003,Recommended,237870,26336498,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lucky Bob,"The game is fun. Reconmended playing coop with a friend and exploring together.Fun-Encounters with BAM aliens is pretty fun-Building flying aircrafts is fun-Building custom weapons/armor is fun(Hopefully the custom weapon/armor community grows)-Hunting Aliens is funNot so Fun (ATM)-The combat is a bit awkard especially for melee and range-In range mode you are always aiming, can can't just carry your weapon at the ready. This makes for awkard hostering and rehostering in mid combat. Nobody runs around with their weapon pointed up all the time. (fix this and combat will be fun)-Melee weapons swing all over the place.So far everything in the game is pretty fun, but the combat really needs some tweeks to make fighting more fluid."
76561198123157887,Not Recommended,237870,19915829,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Thinbot,just no! Another alpha that promised and didnt deliver.Updates coming slowly is an understatement.Just save your moeny and dont bother!
,Recommended,237870,15920436,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Helmhammerhand,"This game definitely has potential, in addition to being fun to play in it's current state. The devs are pretty transparent with their goals and timeline.There's certainly a few things that are lacking (am I the only one who thinks rotocopters should be able to strafe instead of just yaw?)The crafting system (the replicator) works quite well, and the interface is pretty intuitive. There are a few querks with equipping items and where they show up in your inventory (personal opinion, certainly doesn't affect gameplay).The iso creation system is, in my opinion, what really sets this apart from other sandboxes. Not only can you create your own things out of blocks, but you can create your own useable items - vehicles, weapons, objects. The interface is a little intimidating at first, and isn't the most intuitive or user friendly, but once you get the hang of it, you can do some pretty amazing things! I'd like to see more data displayed while in the iso creator, but we're in alpha, and there's lots of development to go.Overall, it's a beautiful game with some very innovative ideas. I can't wait to see where it goes, and I'm having lots of fun playing it as is."
,Recommended,237870,32232480,Posted: 6 June,all,Tethtibis,"This game scratches an old itch that I've been trying to scratch for over a decade. It's complicated as you want it to be, peaceful as you want it to be, creative as you want it to be.Yes, it plays like an MMO in single player, but therein lies it's charm. Multi player is whatever experience you want, using their servers our hosting your own. Set it up like an MMO, or like rust.Yes the voxel manipulation is weird to get used to, but that also means that everything in the environment is manipulatable in every way.Yes the builder function is weird, but once you learn it, you can use it like Minecraft, or to the others extreme; like blender 3d.Yes, you can use the creative set to literally build any weapon, water and or aircraft you could imagine, you're only limited by your own creativity.Yes you can build your own towns and colonies.This game has something for everyone, it's fully customizable in every way, if you're willing to put in the time to learn it. For 20$, and everything I can do with it, it's well worth learning.I could not recommend this game enough. Even the voice acting in single player is good."
,Recommended,237870,32234875,Posted: 7 June,all,Muni,"So after playing this for a while, I can sort of review this game. I'm about 2/3 through the story mode at 26ish hours of gameplay, which is pretty great for that 10 bucks I spent for the game on sale.Content wise, this game is top notch. The character creation is decent. There's quite a bit of things to do, and the creation system is really cool since you can make your own weapons/vehicles/objects from scratch with materials. The colony building, monorail system, phone scanning stuff is all really great. And most of all, the story mode is pretty long, probably about 40 hoursish if you go slowly at it, mostly voiced (albeit kind of crappy voice acting at times). The music is alright, but only changes in different biomes, or that one battle theme that plays whenever you're fighting something.Now that's all the good things and we get to the bad things.The game is really damn laggy. Like I have a 980 Ti and a 4790k OC'd and the FPS is terrible on 1080p. About 20 fps at my colony and is alright in the wilderness, maybe 50-70 depending on whats there and whats happening.One of the biggest problems of the game is how buggy it is. The quests are sometimes sort of buggy and you have to restart the server/reload a save to make it work again. Some parts of the quests are inconsistent with the game world (i.e. people dying but not actually dead or currency changed but it didnt?). The NPCs spazz out when theyre following you. At the least, none of the quests has bugged out so much that I cant continue, so thats a plus I guess.All in all, if you want to try it, I say go ahead. I played with a friend the whole time and it was pretty enjoyable. BUT ONLY if you can deal with bugs and low FPS you'll get while playing it."
,Recommended,237870,9569027,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cunning Mr.Lingus,"Wow, to put it simply, this game is a breath of fresh air. This game is unlike any other, with its assortment of large monsters, buildable bases and turrets, the ability create your own vehicles and weapons, and not to mention its vast and beautiful world. However, the current major downfall of this game is the melee combat, its so boring and bland, but they seem to be fixing that. I couldn't care less about the lack of smooth voxels, and the bad voice acting. Also, this game has coop and I highly recommend you play it with your friend, to fully enjoy it. 9/10"
,Recommended,237870,9514271,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Manje,"IF YOU DONT BUY PLANET EXPLORERS YOU'RE DUMBSurvival, Creation, WAY open world, Single player, Multiplayer, MMO, minecraft on crack. Way better, way awesome, Giant baddies, Random biomes, Great building, Custom weapon,car,house,plane creation, BUY IT"
,Recommended,237870,9510918,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TRAP LORD,"This game is as beautiful as it is hard (in a good way) I find my self getting lost in this massive world with all theses characters and amazing system on how to make your own gun,sword shield and vehicle This game is for anyone who enjoys Minecraft with a sprinkle of Starbound. I cant wait to jump in the multiplayer with my friends when im furhter along and know all the kinks and gadgets well enough without me googling it... like i sayd Its a must buy for all sandbox fans."
76561198041550897,Not Recommended,237870,32156611,Posted: 3 June,all,blueimpb,"This game's interface is just awful. It feels like there might be a fun exploration/building/sandbox game in there somewhere, but the interface is clunky, awkward -- and has one glaring problem that's almost too dumb to believe.  There's a ""head-bobbing"" animation all the time, just standing still, whether in 3rd-person or 1st-person view.  Your character is constantly bouncing up and down like a boxer (he's literally in a boxing pose) and the whole landscape bobs slightly with him.If that's not enough -- the developers have said they actually *coudn't figure out* how to turn this animation off in whatever graphics framework they're using.  Yeah.  So unfortunately, that gives you a sense of the programming quality here.Refunded."
76561198037509812,Not Recommended,237870,32178665,Posted: 4 June,all,Pnut,I waited forever for this game to get better. It improved slightly but its's still a bit boring and hard to get into.
76561198011908253,Recommended,237870,25121966,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,2old2care,"A rather active dev team, significant improvements to the game since I last played several months ago.There are still some issues such as rather annoying cameral controls while piloting vehicles but overall I've found it very enjoyable. Since starting my most recent playthrough I've built a new assault rifle, played around with boats, designed a new 6-wheel ATV, dodged large dragon-looking flying monsters in a recon helicopter, came down with (then cured) a viral infection and founded a new colony.Soon I'll be hunting those dragon-esque monsters in my newly designed gunship."
76561197971063003,Not Recommended,237870,29617929,Posted: 31 January,all,Ruck Bogers,"Bought this game a few years back and it was very slow.  Recently upgraded my computer to an FX-8350 with 16GB's an SSD and GTX 430.  It's still slow.  For comparison, I can play BF1, Skyrim, Bioshock Infinite and Dishonored with maximum graphics.  I also play FSX with GEX and UTX expansions.  But this game has a weird delay.  It's beautiful though.I wish there was an option to recommended with conditions.  I would recommend it for folks that have a 7th gen i5 with 16GB's and a GTX 980.  But that's not what I have."
76561198035025446,Recommended,237870,9468861,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mortay,"Has great potential, but as for right now it is very unplayable and it has alot of bugs."
,Recommended,237870,9601231,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Apoapsis,"While it still has a ways to go, as it stands, Planet Explorers is a lot of fun. I spent several hours with a friend just roaming around and building and fighting monsters (and holy crap spaceships). I'm definitely looking forward to seeing where they go from here!"
76561197979732244,Recommended,237870,9620623,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Arctech,"I'm impressed. This indie game has accomplished far more and to a much better degree than alot of AAA titles I've played. I suggest picking it up and here's why:The AI pathfinding is wonderful. A follower only got stuck once and that's because I was trying to build the bridge as we were walking over it and I accidently built ontop of him. So chalk that up to my fault.Speaking of building I must say this is one of the nicest system I've seen. My only complaint is that I can't make slopes at any angle that I want, but I haven't fully examined the builder so I could've just missed it.The voxel system creates one of the best mining systems that smoothly change the terrain as you dig and mine for minerals.The item/vehicle creation is very nice and adds your own touch to the game.HOWEVER there are some negative point, but these might be solved as time goes on:The ranged weapons feel inaccurate. Yes you point and shoot and it hits the target, but the pistols feel like the rifles and it all seems the same.Some claim that the melee combat is like Monster Hunter, but I disagree. You can't specifically mess up a monster's leg or wings. On top of that I haven't found a way to dodge yet so it's been a contest of who can hit harder.There's no way to sort through the crafting menu. it's alphabetical, but if you forget that what you want is the ""portible medkit"" and not the ""small medkit""(which I don't think there is one) then you can make the mistake of thinking you can't craft any small healing itemsDespite these complaints I like this game as is and the proposed additions can hopefully only make it better.EDIT: Upon review in the upper center of the replicator menu there is a way to sort out scripts. I found that it isn't a user friendly as other sorting systems, butit does exist and makes things simpler to a degree. Thank you to Thariorn for pointing this out to me."
,Recommended,237870,10096741,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Kowai,"This game is amazing even in alpha stage. I never had so much thrills thinking of how muchpotential this game has. It's a voxel based game which means the graphics will never be quite goodbut having amazing futures no other sandbox, that i know about, has yet makes up for that. For example an ingame 3D modeling tool. Takes a moment to learn but hit me it's amazing.You can pretty much build anything you like. And with a click of button you have it inside your game. Be it arailroad, spaceship, castle, weapon, car, shield. You will be able to create pretty much anything. The game automaticallycalculates the amount of materials needed to build your creation in game. Giving you a pretty much instant access to a gamewhere you can make your own game in. Limited by the engine of course.The futures it has so early in development makes me glad i bought early access. The devs behindthis needs all the cash they can get so they can make one of the most creative sandbox game today."
,Recommended,237870,10674145,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheRagnarok,"The game could be so much than what it currently is. It needs more biomes, a better engine that doesnt crash evey 3 hours (sometomes less), and more stuff to do in story mode. I really love this game as you can craft your very own vehicles and use them! Nothing better than barreling down on some unsupecting critter with your attack chopper. Great game just needs some bugs worked out and more content. Also, it is possible to get stuck on some quests and you usually can solve this with a previous save (save every so often, i.e. before you start a quest)."
,Recommended,237870,9491162,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DrBridge,For the mac users out there you should wait till they fixs the luncher bug. The game looks good but I haven't got to paly. But the PC player say it's good. So it's up to you to buy thia game.
,Recommended,237870,9492359,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Scaw,"pretty good game, slow start but it gets alot better"
76561197970427239,Recommended,237870,9509873,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Ninja En Short,"Some people when seeing this game will immeditely think ""Yay... another Minecraft clone... again!"" and would be partly right since this game offers a lot more.First : the story mode, which could potentially be considered a big tutorial for the adventure part, is actually worth doing if you are (like myself) an amateur of the ""stranded adventures"" type, in many occasions I almost expected Captain Janeway beam down and give me a new assignment.Second : the customization possibilities go way beyond what Minecraft can do (coming from the madman who made the casle of Akashi on minecraft-europe server mostly by himself), both in terms of objects AND in vehicules with some really impresive designs you can import in the game just with a drag and drop in the right folder, even while the game is till running.Third : the environments are gorgeous ! I was a bit scared to end up in pretty barren lands like you could see in Anarchy Online but through the visual style (which reminds a lot of Consortium and/or Star Wars - The Old Republic), props and mobs runing around you already have, despite the game being in alpha, the impression of being in a living world. It really is a joy to see a pack of wolf like creature attacking a herbivore in the middle of a forest. Some may argue that the graphics are not ""Next-Gen"" but as Yathzee Croshaw would say ""Golden pixels are detrimental to the quality of all other aspects of the game"" yet even though the game is definitely not the absolute best looking you can tell the guys put some serious work in making the environments colourful and interesting to travel in (I had to pick up my jaw on the floor a few times in fact).On the less good parts :- The game currently has some issues with quest in story mode blocking (a character giving a quest that pops up and dissappear right away or conditions not validating being the most common issues), some people apparently didn't had much problems but I'm currently stuck after 12 hours of questing. Probably somethings patching will correct so I don't mind that much.- You can shape the land as you see fit in theory only because it is actually quite difficult to accurately mine things, for example trying to mine a perfectly straight tunnel at an angle can become a nightmare really fast because the character is always sliding on slopes, which brings to the next point.- Controls are a bit cluncky with a big hindrance of the camera not always placing itself in the best angle for the action and the vehicules being a bit difficult to accurately tune in regards to the power/weight ratio and turning angle, meaning a vehicule can have a tendency to do a 180° as slowly as an narcoleptic sloth or beat Sonic the hedgehod to it.The last point is nor good nor bad, it's actually something any off roader knows : there are no roads (that I've seen) on this planet so do not build a low hanging vehicule as the slightest slope will probably damage the vehicule. So unless you manually build roads leading to New Rome you will always travel in bugies !"
76561197991694848,Recommended,237870,9537031,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Don Flaugher,"I'm glad I picked this up, there is alot of detail and great game play I don't think I've run into any bug's for it being an Alpha.I can't wait for the pet system and Mechs to be added.Keep up the awsome job"
76561198004038002,Recommended,237870,9538076,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,BitInvader,"game is pretty cool for early stages, I like that you can use a 3d cad in game to make fully custom weapons. I'd like to see where this game goes. I could spend several hundred hours just making custom weapons to play with. The in game cad still needs work tho. Map is massive, fun game to play with friends, servers are kind of dead atm, if you have a group of friends this is the game to play. Build and show off items. Quests do not work either, lot of functions which dont work, the movements are clunky. Well worth the $30"
,Recommended,237870,9543465,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Darthtanien,"I think this game has sooooo much potential. It is already very playable for an ""ALPHA"". The whole idea of an alpha is to support EARLY developement of a game. The feature set and future vision they have for it is pretty amazing. So as an alpha backer I will TEST the game as it stands in developement and give feedback on bugs, game play and maybe what i would like to see. Awesome job guys keep up the good work. I will update this review in the future as the updates roll out."
,Recommended,237870,9597577,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,(ABEN),have been playing for hours on end love the game if u like exploring making ur own♥♥♥♥♥♥and mine
76561197970909641,Recommended,237870,9604353,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Simonsteele,This is a beautiful version of minecraft that allows you to explore amazing landscapes.  The controls are fine albeit a bit awkward at times.  Keep in mind this is an Alpha although every game these days seems to be called an Alpha or Beta.  The building capabilities are right down to the nuts and bolts so better reserved for engineers then casual gamers.  For the hardcore player or someone that likes to explore this is cool in Alpha form.  For the casual gamers maybe wait for a later beta or finished product or you'll find yourself stuck for hours trying to build a flintstones car just to progress the storyline.  I dread the day I have to build things that fly.
76561198052131604,Recommended,237870,9661576,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Alex,"This game is still crude and there are a lot of things missing. BUT one of it's greatest features and at the same time the thing that makes it's early stage of development toleralbe is the vehicle/weapons/item creation feature which makes the game worth your time if you enjoy designing stuff. The iteam creation system is not very complicated, it could use a more improved tutorial that spoonfeeds you the basics, but you can find some of these tutorials on youtube.The devs keep in touch with the players and while they are not as open as I'd like regarding to the patch content and release dates. However the steady amount of content does not give me the feeling they will leave their fans hanging and leave with their money, like other games I won't name.Bottom line, if you like what this game is and what it's aiming to be, then show your support and buy it."
76561197969697034,Recommended,237870,9905123,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,OverlordNemesis,"For such an early build, I find this game amazingly fun, and beautifully constructed.Vibrant biomes, many different and interesting wildlife (With more coming), and a storyline I find interesting and want to see more of.The crafting system is amazing, with an ingame 3D builder you can design your own vehicles and weapons, and upload them for others to use in thier games.http://isoplanetexplorer.com/is already full of amazing and well crafted items//vehicles for you to try out in your own game.With the different game modes, Story, Adventure and Build mode.  It can be shaped to any style of gameplay you want.Have not tried multiplayer yet, but sounds like the ability to run around this world with friends would be great fun.Worth the price, just to back the developer and ensure an amazing final product, but is worth it for even the amount of fun this stage of development offers."
,Recommended,237870,11397584,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bobamillion,"You start crash landed on an uninhabited planet with nothing. In the first hour you dig and find doctor bro. 2nd hour he gives you blueprints to a sword, pickaxe, things like that, 3rd hour you spend mining a bunch of ore for a lady who wants you to build some turret to protect yourself from the mostly nonhostile wildlife, and a gun, which can be used to kill the nohostile wildlife. Then you learn to make your own guns. At this point I took a sidestep from the quests, and decided to settle on this planet like my forefathers settled 'Merica, by killing everything in sight. A little down the road I find that the planet is in fact inhabited by intelligent life, and I kill them too, because 'Merica. 10/10"
,Recommended,237870,9485510,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,Another Indie Gem. I suggest you watch some youtube walkthrough of alpha gameplay. Even at that stage it looked and played amazing. Best part about this game is the creation system that allows you to make pretty much anything you desire from scratch. Massive sandbox world with huge crafting and customization system. Pick it up.
76561198042723615,Recommended,237870,9489918,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Pedobear,"As i play quite a few open world sandbox games of my own ( like minecraft, rust, terraria etc) i must say that this has some flaws. Gathering/mining takes a while and even with better tools equipped i didn't find it to go that much faster at all.The crafting system was a nice idea but too complicated, so i wouldn't say it's easy to do.With that said, I didn't play the game for that long until i noticed that it wasn't as fun as i thought it would.I guess with alot of work i may play it again, i don't know. until then, this game is not worth 20£."
,Recommended,237870,9494877,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Paragea / Digison,Pretty fun! Wish more of my friends had it so I could play with them. Definitely has a bright future as well!
76561198075785009,Recommended,237870,9482461,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,McCangel,"Planet Explorers is nowhere near complete, it is after all, an Alpha. With that consideration in mind, this has the potential to be an amazing game. The only problems I've noticed are that the grass and shadow textures cause all sorts of lag problems, but this can be easily fixed by turning those textures off. The other being how user friendly it is. It is really not very user friendly. There is no real tutorial, figuring out how to get stuff into the game that you made in creation mode can take awhile, and the combat system is a little odd. Keeping in mind that this is in alpha, and it is nowhere near done, I'd say that most of these problems can be fixed, and I am sure they will be even better than I could imagine in time. This game is kinda like minecraft in space, so that's pretty awesome. I also love that there is character interaction, and that the interaction will only get better. Overall, I would reccommend this game strongly. It isn't great yet, but I know it will be."
,Recommended,237870,9535463,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Kita,I haven't played much of this game yet and I already love it. I personally enjoy games that allow you to explore and are not solely combat based for progression. I would recomend this game to anyone that would like a game that is not combat only and gives a beautiful world to explore and interact with
,Recommended,237870,9573883,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Your Watermelon,"This game is going to be huge later on once finished , i mean even now it amazes me in many different ways the concept is 10/10 i love it.The whole body of the game is very nice too it all goes together like a puzzle...well maybe later on its still in alpha  build.Great game you should buy it!"
76561197970388532,Recommended,237870,15764413,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dogbone_Oz,"This is a very fun game, and feels very complete despite being in Early Access.  A few little bugs here and there don't stop you from having heaps of fun with this one.  Highly recommended if you are into the explore/build/survival genre.The only bad things I can think of is the music score of the grasslands area which can get a little repetitive after a while.  Multiplay is also bit iffy (we could not get our map saved if we both logged off) but I am confident that will be fixed; the devs are quite engaging with the community. (and the music, you can turn off :p)Now the good things, I can think of many.  You can explore some gorgeous locations, the main story line is quite engaging and breadcrumbs your way nicely through the world, the crafting/building is really fun; ISO designing can be a little clunky at first until you learn the design tools, once you do you'll never stop as it's that addictive!This is one of those few Early Access games that make the whole Early Access ""thing"" worth it."
,Recommended,237870,26270659,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Proxima-b,10/10 perfect game for mepros.+biome music+main menu music+custom weapon and vehicles+custom characters+official servers+finished storyline+ore and terrain scanhow i found hidden player colonies+frequent patchescons:-lots of visual glitches-few players-cannot put things upside down-huge perforence hit in several biomes
76561198137312251,Not Recommended,237870,34539801,Posted: 27 August,all,theluckiestblackcat,"Movement controls are like you are on ice, you legit slide once you stop moving. Voice acting for some npcs are laughably terrible, and the building mechanics need to be much smoother over all. This game has great potential, but the controls and the mechanics need a lot more ironing out and polish."
,Recommended,237870,25125434,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TOKEN,"Looking at this game from the perspective of a single player sci-fi campaign, it's looking worth the money. Now that the game has had a few iterations in the beta developement phase, the story mode seems far more playable and less buggy. From what they've said in their update notes, I'd venture to say the story mode is more or less finished. May still be a few problems to work out with their Intro/Tutorial though.I have had this game for about a year and I've played a bit in the Multi-Player Adventure mode. In the past there wasn't much progression to the Adventure story, but it seems that they have plans to change that. They had done something with their random terrain generator that created lots of ugly ridges in the landscape, which are very difficult to navigate with wheeled vehicles. I need to take another look at Adventure mode, but I'm waiting on further updates. So at this moment I can't really comment on their random generated Adventure mode.I feel that the interface and control setup takes a bit of getting used to, but once you get the hang of the controls it's pretty easy to play the game. I'm not well skilled at using 3D modeling software tools, but it's really not too difficult to learn the basics of the Creation tool in order to quickly create simple vehicles. Very elaborate designs are possible, and I've seen many examples of player created ISO's for this game. I do expect that there will be some Steam Workshop content available in the future.Altogether I think that Planet Explorers is shaping up as a good buy."
,Recommended,237870,9507913,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Proxy,"The game has big potential, and already playable enough and has lots and lots of content to entertain you for days, just not polished in some ways."
,Recommended,237870,9506653,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,armdavid2,what starforge was supposed to be!
,Recommended,237870,9494586,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ushumann,"God DAMMIT THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZINGAlright, to be practical, it's pretty much Rust and Minecraft with a more serious demeanor to it. It also has a custom crafting system, which I haven't tried since I know I'm going to make abominations, but needless to say this game is my newest fetish."
76561198035354321,Recommended,237870,12539939,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,claeman,"I have over 200 hours logged on this game. It is my absolute favorite! The best part is, it's not even finished yet!It just never gets boring."
,Recommended,237870,13952736,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,OctoberSkeleSaurus,"This game could use some work but aside from the occasional bugs and glitches, It's not that bad for an early access game. I mean HECK! I'd go ahead and say that this game is BRILLIANT for an early access game!The single-player mode is fun but it does take a long time to get around so I recommend getting some supplies fast and building a vehicle if you want to explore.The Co-Op is in a sense more fun than single player but is a little glitchier than the forementioned.Honestly I had more fun just exploring and finding all the wierd aliens I could! My favourite landscape or biome would need to be the the canyon area but all the different landscapes combine well and feel quite natural; The creatures on the otherhand are by far my favourite aspect of the game!The amount of animals is amazing, with the sizes ranging from the tiny Vulpes Haola to the the enormous Testudo Mariturtle.The best ai would probably be the unnamed cliff lizard thing in the canyon biome, It took me Four hours to find just one and even the the ai got the best of me...."
76561198299072860,Recommended,237870,24774249,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AaronDeng,好多年没有一款“国产”的游戏让我如此感动了。要说，真的是太棒了，无法想象这是一个中国团队制作的游戏。尤其棒的是，可以让我自己制作武器，可以发挥无限的想象啊。目标，做一台高达出来，呵呵。
,Not Recommended,237870,29707530,Posted: 4 February,all,AwSmCreator,"This game couldn't pull me in. I feel like it had a lot of great qualities and some interesting ideas but something about it didn't quite do it for me.I really enjoyed the crafting system and thought that was really well done. Collecting materials wasn't bad either.The quests were not great, and a few of them were broken. I just didn't really find the questing all that interesting."
,Not Recommended,237870,34404152,Posted: 21 August,all,Pixelum,"I like the idea of this game but the sounds are a little griding on the ears plus movement, combat and the voxel system (including building and ISO creation) all lack the nesessary polish to keep me playing.To the developer: Work on polishing the movement system - this will help a lot.  Make it so that I can off center the camera when in 3rd person so character is not covering my targeting dot.  I would like to be able to keep camera movements fixed to mouse movement to help assist the action styled combat. Digging and harvesting need to feel more responsive and could be quicker.PROS:- Decent quality graphics (not the best).- Great concept.- HUGE potential.- Intro music is very niceCONS:- Lacks polish- Not engaging- Harsh sounds- Unresponsive MomentsThis game has huge potential and I'd love to play it after a major overhaull."
,Not Recommended,237870,34577395,Posted: 29 August,all,Lupiyo,"The game is great, good idea, you can have fun with friends, create things, but... it is broken, and it will always be. I bought it like 2 years ago, and it never got any better."
,Recommended,237870,16250970,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,360metal,I have really enjoyed Planet Explorers so far. I know its still in early access but I have been able to do so much and have yet to hit a point where I cant do anything else. The construction and building modess are awesome. you can literally make anything your mind can envision. I highly recomend this games and I cant wait to see what else they have in store for us!!
76561198054401731,Recommended,237870,24067883,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bandhdistrib,"This is a great game from an invading alien perspective! So far the storyline has progressed nicely and really helps in understanding ""replication"" or crafting. The variety of block shapes and decorations for building really gets the creativity flowing, though if that isn't enough, design your own weapons, armor, turrets, vehicles, aircraft, and watercraft! Build a colony, recruit NPCs, defend your colony or design it to defend itself. If you like survival games and plenty of complexity, I highly advise you grab this game!"
,Recommended,237870,24415415,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ItsYaBoiAb,"Lots of potential, and so far the devs seem committed to finishing and polishing this game.Not sure if it's worth $28 CAD as of this review but it's definitely a must-buy if it's on sale.EDIT: Pathea delivered. I recommend this game."
76561198222850192,Recommended,237870,15611347,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,chiefkeef122,This game is amazing.  You literally can do or build almost anything you can come up with!
,Recommended,237870,9490174,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Amaki,"If you like to explore and build (like minecraft) but in a more realistic style. I'd strongly recommend this game, it has a futuristic feel and for the right reasons! If you get this game give me a call and we can explore together!"
76561198000206906,Recommended,237870,10907974,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,L O F T Y,"Of all the sandbox early access games on Steam, this seems so far the most promising. And indeed, the most complete ~ *cough* DayZ *cough*I was entirely taken aback by the MMORPG-like feel from the get go, and it initially made me weary. It took exactly five minutes to forget any of that, thanks to the addictive harvesting, mining, building and just generally extremely well-done crafting in this game. This game so far has *the* best customization that I have seen, and knocks Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri and Galactic Civilizations 2 down from their previously shared throne in this aspect IMO.The parallells to Minecraft are also subdued - thankfully.Apart from The Secret World, I don't think I've ever been more immersed in an over-the-shoulder perspective game. Sure, the music is mostly licenseware, the voice acting sounds like a school class project, and some textures are extremely flat; but I find myself ignoring a lot of what would otherwise be real annoyances for me because of the overall charm this game has.Probably the main strength this game has is the authentic-feeling world. Multiplayer has some procedural niggles that I hope will be gone after alpha, but the single player (and selectable in multiplayer) ""canon"" world quite possibly is the most authentic, immersive ""alien looking"" world I've seen since The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. And to be sure, Planet Explorer's flora and fauna has a lot in common with Morrowind, to the point that it feels like an homage, if a slightly more colourful one.There are a few things left to really fix for me to give this top marks. For example, I feel the multiplayer progression is way too fast compared to the single player, and people will get easily burnt out if they start out with multiplayer first. PLAY SINGLE PLAYER FIRST! The music is repetitive, and I hope a placeholder - but the choice of music, even if it's sparse, at least was a good one. Voice acting is campy and of low technical and artistic quality - which is kind of charming, actually. And I don't think many care in this sort of game. Also, I wish harvesting, woodcutting and mining were a bit more agile. Currently, herbs have too small ""pick up zones"" where you have to stand realllllllllyyyy close to the center, the woodcutting is tedious because you have to hold down the right mousebutton, sometimes for MINUTES if it's a big tree, and finally the mining animation is slow as heck and hard to abort to precision mine.Lots of minor issues, no major issues - except one:Most of all the dedicated server launcher could use a lot of work, and the parameters the worlds is created from need to be expanded. For example drop rate. Well... ESPECIALLY drop rate. Ha. Current default multiplayer servers will let you get full steel armour and a helicopter within 2 hours. AWFUL. But hey, it's alpha."
,Recommended,237870,13786080,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Michael ⚔,"Cool game if you like the sandbox genre. the best part imho is being able to build proper vehicles.Oh on the side, they really should remove the screaming b**ch from the background music.."
,Recommended,237870,13518287,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wolfcry044,This is an amazing game that allows you to mine minerals and craft anything your heart desires in a complex crafting environment that allows for extremely detailed precision. Minecraft for adults. =  )
76561198072380091,Recommended,237870,13936349,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Problem with the Linux client, in case your character instantly dies when entering the world, and instantly dies again after revive, put this in startup options (without the quotes):""LC_ALL=en_US.utf8 %command%""It turns out there is no OpenCL hardware support for Mac and Linux Ubuntu(*), which means really terrible performance unfortunately.(*) Apparently due to broken nvidia 331 proprietary driver. In order to fix this, you might have some luck with this approach (in the order mentioned below):- apt-get install nvidia-cuda-toolkit- apt-get install ocl-icd-opencl-dev- reboot- revert to ""legacy 304 proprietary driver"" from nvidia- rebootUse at your own risk, the driver is outdated and might break other games, your cat might choke and the antichrist make his appearance. If it does work and none of the above happens, it does run very well.Kinda on the fence with this one due to the many hoops I had to jump to get it to run properly, still thumbs up, as it is a beautiful game and kinda sticks out of the whole sandbox crafting openworld somewhatminecraftish crowd.Now, the terrain (and terrain manipulation) in this one is really well done, is is actually quite fun digging a cave and putting stuff in there.So are the characters, they have a very unique touch to them.The crafting also appears to be a rather unique approach, havent had time to check it out in-depth yet though."
76561197970535262,Recommended,237870,14816867,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,BillyD,"Man,Absolute Thumbs Up. I don't know how you did it, but this thing has me soooooo hooked. More so than any game I have played in ages. As a senior gamer, I don't find many games any more that make me want to skip all required housework and play, play play, but this one has. I love it.Yes it's alpha and its buggy but that's why it's in alpha :-)I particularly like the mining mechanic, being able to see the mineral you are after in the walls and dig them out following the veins  just make it so much more interesting.And the inventions.... oh man talk about the contraptions I have tried to build, most of which defy physics and of course don't really work but that's the  point. My primitive car is used the most."
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,237870,14551226,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Chrisman01,"NOTE:  Review will change if they fix things.  However, I'm writing this review because things have been too rough and unfinished for too long.  Especially the game breaking bug for if you have anything plugged in other than keyboard + mouse.------------------------------Extremely, *extremely* buggy, even for an early access title.If you have any controller plugged in, or use vJoy or any head tracking, you have to disable them from the device manager before you load up the game.  There are no options to disable controllers or joysitcks ingame at this time.If you don't disable your peripherals, the camera will bug out and spin around your characters feet, making the game unplayable.If you DO disable them and try to generate a world to play in, the world is very buggy.  Your character can run through objects in the starting village, and can run up and down sheer cliffs.It doesn't feel like a sandbox game like Minecraft or Kerbal Space Program.  It feels like a very, very shoddy MMORPG that you play on your own.  Especially the combat system."
76561197993918053,Not Recommended,237870,29256376,Posted: 14 January,all,[IL4A]Aleus,"This game does a lot of things right but it lacks late game content.After about 40 hours played, I pretty much acomplished everything.Some higher-end pve content that you need a group to complete would be nice.Maybe some better perks or content unlocks for expanding your colony.Something of interest to work towards.It's not a terrible game. It's just not worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,237870,33674985,Posted: 20 July,all,Wark Maugh,"This game is fun in its current state and has fantastic potential for its completion. It includes elements from many games which helps garner familiarity with the basic structure of the game. While some say that ""copying"" from other games is distasteful, I think this game does it with class and makes its own unique version. The gameplay is enticing with a great work to reward ratio. Play with friends for an absolute blast!This game features a fully destructable environment, but not so much with weapons or explosives -- just by mining and cutting down trees. You can dig a big looping circle underground if you desire. You can open a build menu instantly and build a giant wall out of different materials specifying lengths of the x,y,z axis. This makes structure creation simple, and customization endless. The crafting system is highly intuitive, it tells you the prequisites for the object you're trying to construct.There is creation function in this game where you can build almost anything, you choose whether it will be a vehicle (plane, car, or ship), weapon (gun, sword, etc), automated turret among many other things. The creation system has a Computer Assisted Drawing feel to it, albeit a simplistic version. You can choose a material and click to begin a rectangle and drag it out to set its x,y,z axis. You can make spheres, cylinders, triangles. It is very open ended.Cons: This game has a bit of a learning curve, especially in the vehicle creation system. I'd recommend modifying a template first to get used to the functionality of the system. Making a vehicle from scratch is immensely rewarding, but admittedly difficult especially with an airplane (the relationship between balance, thrust, and weight can be hard)"
76561197987202309,Not Recommended,237870,20802052,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Unicron9,"When I first bought and played Planet Explorers over 2 years ago, I loved it and couldn't wait to see how it evolved.All this time later and the A09 update they have talked baout for so long finally happens, so I give it another 3 weeks and several updates to make sure things are ironed out okay before going back.Its terrible. Single player is worse than it was 2 years ago in some way and only marginally better in other ways, and trying to play any mode with a friend is still the buggy waste of time it was 2 years ago.The newly added co-op story mode I was excited to finally play with a friend was too broken to play too.At this point, there are simply lots of better games to choose from that are actually going somehwere. Planet explorers has taken FAR too long to do far too little, and at this point it shouldnt cost what it does anymore.Its a real shame, but I don't see this game ever being done. if it ever is though, it won't even matter anymore.Too little too late.Its a shame the game still has the misleading mostly positive reviews just because of the great reception it got years ago. Most of those should be negative now but I believe those players that had hope then gave up long ago and never even came back to say so."
,Not Recommended,237870,29663200,Posted: 2 February,all,z3roram,"rushed, not finished"
76561198026148689,Not Recommended,237870,20224125,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Braver,"Difficult learning curve, lack of proper tutorial and incredible difficult controls in order to play effectively. The learning curve is too steep, and without a proper tutorial you find yourself stopping the game and checking the hotkeys in order to find out the workings of the game. Difficult to steer the camera and operate your character. Gathering resources is difficult as well, your character attacks more, and it´s overall an frustrating experience. The game could show promise if you manage to get past these things, or get used to it, but overall it made my experience very unenjoyable.The gameplay mechanics definatelty need a great deal of work, to make more user friendly. But as it is now, i don´t feel like i can recommend it to others."
76561197970769245,Recommended,237870,23417037,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Faydark,"I've just spent a couple of nights enjoying the heck out of this game, in Story Mode. It is much improved since the earlier versions, to the point where it's very playable, and quite fun. I've built myself a 4x4 with a turret on the top.. it weighs 17 tonnes and is made of steel, but gets along like a rocket.IMO, this game is what Landmark should have been.. so kudos for the devs!It's not all sunshine though, the animations are quite clunky still, the jump is very floaty and slow and some of the combat is quite annoying (no matter what armor I wear, weapons I use etc.. still get killed in three hits.. not even sure blocking with my shield does anything except look pretty)."
,Not Recommended,237870,11124733,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"This isn't a bad game. I just didn't find myself getting into it, or liking it. I want to like it, but it just didn't do it for me. I understand this is an alpha, but as it is, I cannot recommend it.First off, it is pretty demanding, hardware-wise. I have a 1900x1200 monitor, and had to launch it at 1280x800 to run it at a playable framerate. It is an alpha, though, so I don't know if that counts.Anyway, I found the combat klunky, and that combined with the fact that the story isn't exactly the most engrossing story ever weaved, ruined the story mode for me. Survival was fun for a few hours, but didn't grab me. You can create cool stuff in the mode where you have unlimited resources, but again, didn't grab me.I don't want to write a bad review, but in it's state, there are much better Early Access games out there. Don't bother."
76561198102224256,Recommended,237870,31802046,Posted: 17 May,all,菜狗也牛批,"玩了一小会，创建系统太棒以至于忘了推故事，刚开始觉得很难上手以至于显得无聊，慢慢了解功能造出自己脑中的东西，那感觉。到目前为止这是我发现的最大的优点，缺点嘛，打怪不爽，其他的优点缺点还有待发掘，不过就光这创造系统，我就要给好评了。ive played a while and i have to say that the creation system is amaing. its a little bit hard to understand how it works but after a while playing, i totally mastered it even my creation is still bad looking. since ive been creating my stuff, i dont know how the other parts of this game feel, so i cant say anymore, but if you are a creative guy, its worth trying."
,Recommended,237870,17344352,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Salt The Fries,"There's still a long way to go, but I have enjoyed the game so far.Not to focus on the shortcomings, others seem to talk about nothing else...  The game has a very compelling storyline mode that I've thuroughly enjoyed!Lately there's been some development stagnation, but they've been making some MAJOR changes that just can't be rushed."
,Not Recommended,237870,19863116,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Alloysius,"I am hoping that this game sees more development than it has.Development has been slow and not overly transparent, it holds great potential but at this time is poorly optimized and not very user friendly.I would not recommend buying this at current release."
,Not Recommended,237870,20902820,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,s4ndm4n2006,"I know this is early access and so I will treat it as such in my review.Right now I cannot recommend this to all but the most die hard EA players that must try everything before they are released.  I'll be brief as I can.  There are some positives about this game but in a nutshell it's not ready yet for me to give it a full thumbs up.  Wish Steam had a way to give 1 to 5 stars.  If this were a star rating I'd give it a 3 for now.It seems like it has a lot of potential.  The graphics, while a bit simple, are attractive enough, in a cute, and cartoony way.  If that look is something that appeals to you it will fit in just fine.  I don't mind that aspect but just pointing that out.  Which brings me to the first downside.  with the simplified graphics, i don't understand with a very capable gaming computer like I have, why it has stutter, quite frequently.  I would say every 20 to 30 seconds the game stutters for a moment and although it's not game breaking it is quite annoying.The positives from my prior game plays (where I played quite a bit more time back weeks ago) I like:  the gathering, build mode and craft-heaviness of the game at least early on.The combat could use some polish along with the gathering aspects.The tutorial or beginning doesn't tell you much about how to do things and although I don't want hand holding for every little thing, it would be nice for the basics like how to open the replicator.  Basics like this, I know you can find in help but I will venture to guess that most players don't like to spend their early minutes in a game looking up how to do all the basic stuff.Again, this game could be good once all details are worked out, and I will keep an eye out but for now I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,237870,16320577,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Grutson,"Please dont buy this game.-It is very misconceiving by the name ""Planet Explorers"" but in all reality, it's ""Planet walk five steps and immediatley get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 7 giant creatures at once.""-I have tried to look for survival guides on how to actually survive longer than 5 min but no help.-The only thing that could compare to the idiocy of Planet Explorers is to Kat getting shot by a Jackal in Halo Reach.UPDATE: Tried multiplayer and got camped-Again, no human being should go through the greif I had while realizing that this game is an  complete and utter peice of trash."
76561198104906686,Not Recommended,237870,31472472,Posted: 30 April,all,necrotizer3,"it is a very good game and just recently i had the pc to play it but there are still some bugs and flaws in the game that make it very hard to play, for exaple the monster density is very low, in all the time i played i rarely came across any now monsters or any monsters at all (monsters = dinosaurs, big orc things, etc) there is also the depth of sound, for example a dinosaur is like 20 meters away, you will hear it like its right on to your head and the most anoyng thing is the shaking, like you are mining and than the next second your character is starting to look like a vibrator on max power.Well if you get over these things i think that you will have quiet a bit of fun (if you play alone it will get borring so get friends)."
76561198007812891,Recommended,237870,21193247,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Adam,"A wonderfull game for those who love to create. The crafting is awsome and getting better every update. Cool Voxel game. A true GEM!!! glad I bought this, love the single player story and Adventure modes. I'm Not into the MMO part of it but it has that to. Plus, you can build vehicles, airships, helis and weapons and share them with everyone.... simply put,I love it. Cant wait for the next update!!! Keep it up guys and gals :)"
,Not Recommended,237870,18485393,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,teabagjohn,The progress is slow and I feel like the devs don't know what they want. At this point I imagine the devs as some dude in his basement programming this game in his free time while having another job fulltime. Don't get this one until/if it reaches V1.0.
,Recommended,237870,10455464,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Mazereck,Very well done game but the only things that could really use some work are the cursor not fully locking to the screen and the camer is all sorts of messed up when you go into tunnels. Two addtions that could be made are showing your tools and weapons while in first person and also while in first person dont have any of the blue bubble being your mining area just have it locked to the reticle.
76561197970624258,Recommended,237870,10164890,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Lunali,Minecraft with graphics
76561198042328377,Recommended,237870,10986174,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,getthatchecked,This game is incredible. It may just be my new favorite game although im not far in thew story yet this game is shaping up altho i am hoping for a few features to be added its still cool now. Worth the money and if you like this check out starforge. 10/10
,Recommended,237870,10928001,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SoniQBuffalo,It's fun in it's alpha stage and has great potential!
76561198054303295,Recommended,237870,11434549,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ainaohtar,"this game is amazing! its like minecraft on crack x 10. resource gathering, weapon making, buulding creation, monster killing. just  an awesome game."
76561198030246089,Recommended,237870,11243953,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,0perator 88,"Fantastic.  It's only in Alpha but I'm already having far more fun then I ever did in MineCraft.  You can only compare the games so far as minecraft was almost meant to be genious in simplicity, but this game has so much to offer with exploring and building and crafting and designing and I love it."
76561198010933023,Recommended,237870,11158827,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ciceqi,"I've been saying for a while that my perfect game would be a cross between Skyrim and Minecraft:  I want big, beautiful graphics, quests and plenty of monsters to kill, and an open world I can dig up in 3D to build my house brick-by-brick.  And I have to say that so far Planet Explorers is already coming pretty close!  I love the planet's megafauna and that there's a predator/prey system in place.  I love that plants apparently have a life cycle.  And the premise of the story is just fantastic.  (Did I mention how much I love that a sandbox game has an actual story?)And there's a Thing editor.  Vehicles, swords, shields, random arts and crafts:  THINGS.  I honestly didn't expect to like it, because I'm not what you'd call an architect, or an engineer.  And then I built this car.  It was an awful car, but the next one I built was twice as awesome in half the time.  And then I built a helicopter.  A helicopter, okay?  It was magic.  (Okay, it was awful.  But the ability to make a helicopter?  THAT was magic.)Yes, the game still has its issues; it's in alpha after all, so that's to be expected.  In A0.82, farming is a little iffy (I suggest you start with a 5x5 plot of non-organic and work your way up from there) and I've had some crashing problems, but the answer to this is so simple I've actually played through until there are no more quests at present to play, my base is complete, and I have all the things.  In a nutshell:  save religiously.  Once I got out of the habit of relying on autosave, I was golden.Tl;dr:  this is an awesome game for many, many reasons, only requiring a modicum of patience, and will only get better."
,Recommended,237870,11165161,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Beast Baron Drust,"I love this game, it combines a lot of elements I love in games. The fact that it is a open world RPG with elements of minecraft is great, I can't wait to see what else gets added in later. The game is still in Alpha stages so if you don't like bugs Id wait a bit before buying it but with exception to two things the game runs fine for me."
76561198030877029,Recommended,237870,11107056,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Saggaritus,Very nice
76561198064064557,Recommended,237870,10780010,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pocket Mage,"From what little gameplay I've done, I can tell this is a pretty cool game.  But if your computer isn't top notch, this game will anally♥♥♥♥♥♥it, and♥♥♥♥♥♥on its grave.  I have a pretty good computer, and even on the lowest graphic settings, it is ridiculously laggy.  Proceed with caution, but otherwise, it's a good game."
,Recommended,237870,11375464,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Rooba,Minecraft without cubes?Game is beautiful but strange. Crafting is more like Terraria but building copies Minecraft. This game has to be in your library if you like to meaninglessly explore the world and destroy a nature with your tools.
76561198076863998,Recommended,237870,11412811,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,jsa135,this is a fun game and  good time waster but im having so trouble finding any ores on my own that an AI didnt show me but you dont really need to mine later on all you got to do is kill the animals and get meat to buy the items and weapons you want and just to warn you the turtorial is missing some key info on some pages like after i make a weapon or carrier in the desighn how do i make the darn thing.
,Recommended,237870,9682984,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Yarp,"While not without bugs, the current game is a surprisingly complete offering for an 'alpha'.  The ability to create vehicles (land and air) as well as melee / firearm weapons adds an extra layer of fun on top of an already satisfying journey.The world works seamlessly, aside from a few bugs in the later game, and the detail put into the dialogue is perhaps the most telling of the passion the creators are putting into this product.  This has been one of the rare games I have paid the full asking price for in several months, and I feel it is worth every buck."
,Recommended,237870,10599786,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AustenMarie,"Just got this game and am already addicted. So much fun, so much to do- and HOLY WOW, this is alpha? Super impressed!"
,Recommended,237870,10723600,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BraughtGurst,Really great game just wish the colony attacks were a little less frequent. Other than that no problem at all with this game
76561197989698031,Recommended,237870,11367940,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Snake_Pliskin,"EDITED 7/26/2014I love this game. I don't really know how to sum it all up without getting all gushy and stuff so I'm just going to list what I feel are the highlights or otherwise different from other crafting survival games.1. day/night/weather2. it's dark inside caves3. wide variety of alien creatures4. wide variety of alien plants5. it FEELS like an alien planet6. handhelp resource scanner7. lots of crafting recipes8. caves with underground lakes9. I went over to harvest a plant only to find it was an alien creature. Scared the crap outta me.10. alien simians that throw rocks (or maybe poo) at you11. alien hominoids that shoot wierd rifles at you.12. GIANT dinasuar size alien creatures.13. UFO14. random missions******************First review:Hah! Love it! Only played a few minutes so far but I've already gotten trampled by what looked like an alien stegasaurus and squished by a giant.Game seems straightforward enough. Recipes can be accessed in the replicator, you've got a handheld computer you can use to scan for...something, I dunno yet. Adventure mode has random missions you can take although all I've seen so far is resource gathering missions.Nice. Can't wait till it's finished."
76561197970591917,Recommended,237870,11430282,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Guitars Sucks,Although its still alpha it has great potential and Im currently having alot of fun on this game.Quests are pretty good and buidling stuff is fun. The Graphics are pretty nice.Overall once this game is completed it will be a great game.
76561197967627226,Recommended,237870,12021267,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Stelek,"Great game, even in early access. Like terraria, but in 3d and more mmo-like. Digging is not so important, but you travel more ON world. Not under world and gather all kinds of things. You can design your own items and vehicles."
76561198056557871,Not Recommended,237870,12478043,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,johnknp,"This was a waste of money.I have liked the idea of this game for quite a long time.  The fact that its still not finished and that i cannot play on a LAN with my friend without an internet connection have made me change my review from a positive to a negative.  Im sick and tired, as a paying customer, to make sacrifices in the name of DRM.  I have a detached garage with no internet access that I use for LAN parties.  The trend is these days is to require internet access so that all players have a valid copy.  I understand the desire to get paid for hard work, however, this only punishes paying customers.  For example, Diablo 3 requires an internet connection for the offline single player campaign.  Horribly intrusive for the paying customer hoping to play on the go, but a hacked version was released on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥within hours of the release of the game that didn't require an active internet connection.  The pirates actually got MORE playability on this one.I will not dig a 200 ft trench to install lan cable to my garage, nor will i try to get a stable wireless connection to transmit that far.  I will simply sulk, leave bad reviews and do better research before I buy a game."
,Not Recommended,237870,11620108,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dusty,"-NOTE: This review is for a game in alpha!Very unique game with tons of creative ideas, but as it is in alpha, these ideas lack a lot of flare, and are very underdeveloped. In fact, all the game's ideas (not to mention the whole game itself) is packed to the brim with bugs and errors. The story mode is something I consider awful. The voice acting for all NPC's and keystory characters is annoying, and really feels like something you'd find at a high school acting club. The missions are all tedious, and rarely go beyond the MMORPG tropes of ""kill X of Y"" or ""Collect X of Y"". This is especially disheartening considering this is a singleplayer storyline, and yet it lacks anything to really intrigue me for longer than an hour. The multiplayer is glitchy as hell. Sometimes I'd be able to join a server, but most of the time this wouldn't be the case. Even when hosting my own server, something I've had a lot of experience with, the connection is very unreliable, working around 50% of the time. Now I'm positive this isn't an error on my end, as I actually have a personal server in my home, have hosted private servers for numerous games, and followed the game dev's official server setup instructions to the letter.... twice. Even if I am able to connect to a server, be it my own or someone elses, in multiplayer, there is no way to control where you spawn, meaning you and your friends will be in entirely different villages and required to shlepp around until you find each other making it very, very tedious. The create mode is the true selling point of this game. The create mode is incredibly easy to use, and almost reminds me of a dumbed down version of Solidworks, a 3D modeling program I used to use quite a lot. That being said, it is still very unrefined and lacks a lot of the flare to create anything more than some basic cars or guns without spending hours in it. There are so many tools missing from the overall creation experience, that many things are so complex to create in this 3D modeling software. This is extremely frustrating since I know that I could easily make a lot of this stuff using the vastly more advanced tools of something like Solidworks, or hell, even the Microsoft 3D modeling software. Also, there is no options for zooming besides using a mouse wheel which is annoying since I'm so used to modeling with a trackpad. This game does have a lot of potential for sure, and I will be looking at it again in beta and the final version, but as it stands right now I couldn't reccomend this at all. If I had to give this game a score, which I probably shouldn't given it's not even in beta, I'd have to give it a 4/10. Avoid this game like the expensive plague. Also, a word of advice to all ""early release"" developers. Please sell your alpha games at a discount. Usually you have to pay people to play such glitchy monstrosities, and it's something I deeply regret that I paid full retail for this junk heap.EDIT: Grammar corrections."
76561197971020505,Recommended,237870,12086730,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hydra Shaftoe,"This is simply one of THE best games I've ever played in over 25 years of gaming. And it's not even 1/3 done, buggy, and still alpha. Even with that, the sheer fun and depth of the game makes me love it."
,Recommended,237870,10654382,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mage57,Fun game that has a lot of potential
76561198027716248,Not Recommended,237870,12011173,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Kazmeister,"UPDATE: I originally reviewed this game in 2014 and that review is below. This game was fantastic. After revisiting the game today I can honestly say it has gotten much much worse over the last two years. To be fair, I did not play the story mode today but the adventure mode which was always my favorite part of the game before is now completely shot. I can't tell you why it's gone wrong, but I can tell you how.1. In-game sound is GONE. There's a random click here and there but ZERO environmental effects or music or anything like that.2. Dialog is AWFUL. Seriously, talking to NPC's in the game is now worse than trying to read a cheap china-made fortune cookie... In chinese.3. Procedural terrain generator is BROKEN. I'm talking completely random giant divots in the ground worse than the potholes on a washed out backcountry road I didn't dare build anything with wheels to try to drive around.4. Framerates have gone straight into the crapper. Somehow, despite adding 12 GB of RAM and upgrading to a much beefier video card since my original review, my framerates are about HALF what they were before.This seems like a classic case of a game being fixed until they broke it. I couldn't even play for an hour before I felt compelled to quit. Any longer and I would probably have gouged my own eyes out. I honestly hope they can fix this game, because it was SO GOOD before. I'll revisit this review at some point in the future and I'd REALLY like to be able to give it a thumbs-up again... But in the current state of the game, I simply can't recommend it. Not anymore. Sorry Pathea... But PLEASE fix this awful mess.Original Review:Get off the fence and buy it. It's totally worth every penny, even now in early access. There are some bugs, but nothing game-breaking, and the playability and amount of content is fantastic. At this point in development it's easy to forget it's still in alpha. Being able to easily create, use, and share equipment and vehicles alone makes it worth it.If you like sandbox games and a sci-fi, survival, or fantasy setting you will love this game. I keep coming back and the dev team keeps impressing me. You can spend hours just hunting creatures, or you can spend hours playing through the story, or you can spend hours designing that next badass sandrail or VTOL. The more you put into the game, the more you'll get out of it. Now buy it and try it. You'll see.One caveat... Read the required system specs before you buy it. They're not BSing. If you can't meet those specs this game will barely run if at all. Not kidding. If you can't get a decent framerate you're going to have a very hard time with this game."
,Recommended,237870,20796074,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,onemeg,"I really, REALLY want to play this game!  I started playing when I purchased the early access last year and it didn't take too long for me to realize that I would LOVE it....WHEN IT'S FINISHED!  I did play for about 20 hours or so and decided to shelf it until it comes out.  However that was back in February 2015, almost a year ago now.  There have been lots of updates, yes, but it's still not out.  Who knows when it will be.  I think the game is really fun and has a lot to offer...but I guess for now I will just wait for another year or so and cry about it."
,Recommended,237870,10699600,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GamerMezTv,I highly recommend this game...
76561197983730910,Recommended,237870,11012088,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MEM,"still a bit buggy on some quest lines, but its an interesting game and well built"
,Recommended,237870,24019041,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,shhh,"Great to see the devs still plugging away at this!This game definitely doesn't deserve its currently mixed recent reviews. Sure the game still has a lot of development to do, but honestly having seen the devs work away at it slowly but surely over years now, I can't help but give it a positive review.I think people complaining about the speed of development really need to have a good look at all the game does, and compare it to other games of the genre. There are so many other indie games out there that are kind of similar but aren't tackling the small scale voxels, or nearly the amount of systems available in Planet Explorers.This is definitely a game to watch! That the developers haven't abandoned it yet and continue to develop it really says all that needs to be said.Don't h8 i r8 8/8 no b8 its a gr8 1 m8!"
76561198218363032,Recommended,237870,26155207,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Rabblerouser,"Incredible game, just incredible. I am currently as of writing this only six hours into the story mode, but wow. The graphics are great, it is very well optimized(at least SP, again have not tried online at all),the combat isnt amazing but is still fun,there are ALOT of creatures/aliens that all have different behavioral patterns(i.e. there is a stegosaurous looking guy that travels in packs)that mesh very well togther. The colony feature is also something to shout about. It basically allows you to recruit your fellow colonists once you do some quests for them. This makes hunting in single player much more entertaining and immersive, while adding more strategy as your colonists will only have what you equip them with, including healing items and ammo.Last but certainly not least is the crafting system. On its surface, it appears much like anyother survival crafting(using resources harvested from the world) to create things like wood pickaxe,copper pickaxe ect. However, there is a crafting editor where you can make literally anything you want. For example, I saw a guy that made a laser pistol that looked just like a X-wing,again that was a hand held laser pistol. Anything from weapons, armor, robots, vehicles(land, air and sea) and more.Not only that but you can choose any kind of resource to make any of the parts from, changing the stats of whatever for example a gun made from refined steel will probally do more damage than wood or normal steel.So bottom line, if you are looking for a game that offers you the choice between complete freedom or more structured play style, do yourself a favor and pick this up.p.s.- do yourself a favor and watch a youtube video and not the store page ones, they honestly downplay how great this game really is."
76561198001504960,Recommended,237870,26494877,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Disney,"I've had this since early alpha and it really is a good experience.  Controls are similar to SWG (hold right click to look while moving with wsad), story is good, the process of building transportation is very interesting but not an easy learning curve.If I had any negative thing to say about the game it is that I've always wished it had a good multi-player/server element.  The times I have tried the online servers, it just didn't feel right for some reason.   The game comes off great as a single player experience, the multi-player not so much but that may be that the community just never got into it."
76561198040537676,Recommended,237870,26184340,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ares-luo,"Best building system ever! Loved so much on building my own tank, battleship, colony, and even submarin lol... Also the new diplomat, trading, skytrain system is also very awesome.Looking forward to see the phase two of the stroy line and more."
76561198134026307,Recommended,237870,26139765,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tony,"Well this game is still a work in progress so it does have the odd bug that shows up and that is pretty much the only problem with it. Report the bugs and the Devs will solve those problems for you very quickly.Planet Explorers seems to be a group of ideas a Development Team has accumulated and assembled into a fantastic game. Having the ability to build your own vehicle and then import it into the game for your character to use once you have the resources is so easy and fun to do and the creature AI is one that a lot of other games need. Being attacked by a pack of carnivores and then watching the survivors flee once they realise you are hard to kill, or not being attacked until they see you adds a new level to the gameplay. Watching carnivores hunt other animals also adds to it. The are a large number of elements in this game and  they are not all there just to make the game difficult for you to play but they do make for a real adventure."
,Recommended,237870,26394579,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bullhone,"I started way back when .Got into the very early testing. seen alot of changes and most all have been for the good. This game has alot to it > When you play story you learn what he game is albout and as far as crafting it well blow you away you can creat your own iso files custom build your tool,s  weapons, land ,air,and water, vehicles .and so own. as far as building you dream it you can build it.  Theres Farming and the views and landscapes are stuning  you can  change the terrain in any way,  Also do mining pluse so much more  I give this game a AAA + rating and there still working on it."
,Recommended,237870,9657395,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mightydoot,"I played this for a few days as I got completely lost in the awesomely designed world. If you like exploration and get a nice vibe from hard-sci-fi-ish stuff, then this is for you. I like that it has a story and characters and that it's not all procedurally generated.However, there are problems. Why, in a sci-fi game, do we still have to craft wooden pickaxes, axes, shovels, etc, like in Minecraft? The main problems with this game are the hold-overs from the Minecraft formula. They don't find whatsoever in this game. Just give me a laser cutter or something like that. It's just silly crafting wooden, bronze, iron, etc tools. The feeling of mystery was also a bit ruined for me when, while exploring, I ran into a huge fortress with hostile aliens, but upon my return to the camp where the other colonists none of them acknowledged the discovery - immersion breaking.There are some great ideas here and the technical implementation is great. It looks amazing and the voxel engine works very well. I'm pretty sure I could do without the mining and things, however, and there should be some careful constraints on the pacing for the game if there is to be a cohesive story. Overally I recommend it because I had fun playing it, but obviously it still needs a lot of work as it's still in Alpha."
,Recommended,237870,11455011,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,silvrique,Really like this game. It has some serious potential. The music is really great too. Nothing like building cars or helecopters while listning to pretty classical music.
,Recommended,237870,20003908,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Anna Tatiana,"It's much improved since when i tested it months ago, super addictive."
,Recommended,237870,27286318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Malak Saesmus,"It's been a long time coming, but I'm glad I've purchased the game when it first arrived in Early Access.It was worth every penny. I'm looking forward to future updates to see what new things the devs throw at us."
,Recommended,237870,27324685,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cram,This game is everything I wanted out of minecraft and I'm not sure what more I can say that would convince anyone that this is a fantastic game. The ability to build not only anything in the world but most of the tools to do it with is truly the beauty of sandbox style games.
76561197990249937,Recommended,237870,10917670,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ThatGuy,"Despite the odd AI, highly variable quality of graphics, and the occasionally broken quests, Planet Explorers has proven to be a surprisingly addictive game with fun gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,237870,10990372,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr Logon,ONE WORD AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970845141,Recommended,237870,12078029,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Vikings,"Crash land then enter a whole new world.  Yeah, they made it beautiful and cool and fun.  I love the big game hunts and all the land vehicles and flying choppers.  Base building is creative and rewarding.  The game has many hours playable now and will be a  great game when they are done considering all thier reasonable goals.  Worth it."
76561198044699804,Recommended,237870,9597015,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Dirk the Berserk,"Take it or leave it. It had a lot of potential at one time, but nothing was really done to capitalize on it.It's one of those ""Early-Access Games That Will Always Be Early-Access."""
76561198025442218,Recommended,237870,9599884,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Fantasimulations,"Planet Explorers is to Space Engineers what Starbound is to Terraria.  More invironments, more things to do, and more work required by the designers.  Both PE and SE have volumetric destructible environments and player-built square blocks everywhere, which can be destroyed easily by enemies.  But PE tries to have a whole Story (actually a series of linked quests), AI enemies and helpers, and a world-based environment as opposed to asteroids.  Planet Explorers also tries to have you build up a colony.  It also channels a bit of the MMO Calypso, but with a colony that is just starting, rather than well underway.Regards A0.7.5.2:It is Alpha, and Unity based.  Highest graphical settings on OpenGL are not recommended, but DirctX is fine so far.  There is little optimisation as yet, and multiplayer parties should stay together as digging info is not correctly remembered by all clients if they are far apart.  But there is a lot of expectation, and a playable game as it stands.  I just hope that when they say the version number, (currently A0.752, or in the game 0.7.5.2) that they don't stop when the second part reaches 10.  Most basics are there, and now they need QA and more additional stuff regards the world size and colonies."
,Recommended,237870,9595615,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,grendelbiter,"This game is very solid for an alpha. The level of customization is insane. The only gripe I have is I can't seem to find a multiplayer game that doesn't lag, but the Singleplayer experience more than makes up for that."
,Recommended,237870,9583383,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,washu73,"A fantastic game with a lot of promise, This game has a voxel based 3D editor so simple to use but can yield satisfing results with all manner of custom swords , guns, cars, trucks, tanks and helicopters being creatable."
,Recommended,237870,9587563,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Adog717,This game is amazing i cant stop playing i would definitely recomend getting this game.
76561198027547570,Recommended,237870,9595790,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Hogtooth (Venom),This game is awsome so fart its like playing Starwars Galexies and Mincraft all rolled into one.  Keep in mind that this is in alpha so there are still going to be rought edges but all together well worth it.  i have purchased the game and purchased it as a gift for 2 other friends.
,Recommended,237870,9598412,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Flash Cannon,Edit: Logged a bunch more hours into this the more i play the more I love it even if i onyl sit down to build a helicopter or car for 4 hours I love it. Love being able to upload small pngs for decals on cars and helis love crafting and building and maintaining a colony although its not at its best yet this game is definately worth the price
76561198103759877,Recommended,237870,9582763,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Skarecrow,"With gorgeous visuals, solid gameplay and an eerie, engrossing atmosphere, Planet explorers is an adventure I urge you to undertake!The story mode is the best part of the game in my opinion which says a lot considering sandbox/open world games are usually more fun to just mess with in free play. The characters are believable and the whole world feels alive and detailed.To be fair, there are a few issues in places but they're mostly minor. No game breakers so far!I'd write more but I have to go see what lies out to the west, in the desert. And finish building that buggy. And take out three more of those monsters... and collect more mushrooms..."
76561198032255169,Recommended,237870,9588242,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,InventiveExile,"Minecraft on crack. The most potential I've ever seen in a game. Even in Alpha, the bugs aren't major and the game is incredibly fun."
,Recommended,237870,9589401,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SuperNeutral,"25+ hrs in and highly recomended, the game as is right now is worth the price of admission."
76561198086305065,Recommended,237870,9599155,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Sirhc,Very well done for a alpha lots of stuff to do love to build vehicles and weps
,Recommended,237870,9592975,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,demoncats,awsome create your own guns and everything.
76561198075433659,Recommended,237870,9584700,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DANI,I am bloody in love with this game at the moment. I got owned yesterday by some humongous giant firing lasers and rockets at me whilst I was in my vehicle I had only just made
,Recommended,237870,9588462,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,very good game ^_^I love this game alot :)
,Recommended,237870,9595319,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,roadrunna,"Having played the free earlier alpha on their website I was certainly impressed enough to buy it to play the latest versions.  There are some changes such as the controls (now you can set your own keys to use), graphical changes and extra modes but the core game hasn't been tampered with which even at this early stage is more playable than some full releases.A sci-fi RPG game with mining and crafting parts but it's not Minecraft so don't come into this thinking you'll be doing the same thing as you were in Minecraft.  For one thing the mining is a bit clumsier and slower.  The crafting side is more powerful but does have a bit of a learning curve to get to grips with in the creation mode where you'll be building vehicles and buildings blueprints.Try the demo first before buying but if you give it a chance you'll probably be smitten."
76561198014137224,Not Recommended,237870,34268795,Posted: 15 August,all,azmeangreen,"This game is hard to like.  It looks good, is the right genre for me, but after nearly 5 hours of trying to like it...I just don't.  It didn't feel challenging, but arbitrary.  The crafting is not very straight forward, and the effort to gather supplies often would outweigh the reward.  There are too many other similar but better games to spend any more time here."
,Not Recommended,237870,34402667,Posted: 21 August,all,Tark,"I liked the game at first, despite it looking/feeling pretty rough. I loved the importance on building. You can make your own custom armor, weapons, bases, its pretty cool and innovative. Besides that, this game doesn't have a whole lot going for it. You can get some of the best items in the game in the first hour or two, and you can build OP turrets whever you want. Dying is not really a penalty. So as far as an adventure RPG the game was pretty boring and not challenging. The world also feels so big yet soooo empty. I wish there was more to do besides the story line wich was so boring."
76561198116935119,Recommended,237870,32393894,Posted: 13 June,all,Crackhead,"Pretty good game with fairly simple gameplay mechanics.What ruins it for me is that after going through all the effort of gaining your abilities, the server wipes all your data and you're forced to do it all over again. NOT cool. It essentially renders everything you've accomplished useless.I recommend, but not as a serious time investment sort of game."
76561198073125894,Recommended,237870,32327771,Posted: 10 June,all,hi.april,"I am having so much fun with this game... and the different modes of play.  It's as wide open as minecraft, and yet the story is also a self-standing game I have enjoyed playing.  I can be as creative as I want... farming, hunting, creating amazing buildings and vehicles... you name it.  It's as open as your imagination.  I look forward to stealing time (often past midnight) to play this.  I also know I've only touched the surface.  Truly a joy."
76561198267790139,Recommended,237870,32360726,Posted: 12 June,all,shizhangliu2004,"IT is really funBut it is lagggggggggy!A long and cool story line,cool places"
76561198085768181,Recommended,237870,21018055,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Advocate31,"I've played this game on and off since the original alpha and I have to say the devs have brought this a long way. Still alot of work to be done but they have done so much to bring this into a ""stable"" early access program. It's way too easy to sink hours into this game. With the first person, it's very immersive and with the vehicle and weapon crafting, dynamic weather and time, music, environments, it's easy to get lost in the world and the story. You want to engage in every dialogue to know more of the story and sometimes the npc's give you something for essentially just listening to them. You can sink hours just in mining to create a weapon all your own design and the reward of creating a master lazer rifle is worth the grind. A good number of bugs, but the devs have been active lately with addressing them and progressing the story. Ive spent hours creating and building a Wrangler Unlimited and vtol passenger carrier, and to watch them work correctly and help to get around the map so much faster is amazing. I never post a review or opinion, but it's worth giving the devs credit. Keep it up Pathea. This is the game a lot of us have been waiting for."
76561197993997391,Recommended,237870,28085630,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,War Wolf,Great game runs a bit rough sometimes but its completely worth the money
,Recommended,237870,11421624,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[S] Halide,"The world feels enormous, the NPCs feel like they're made of cardboard.  The animations are chunky, the landscape has white lines in it sometimes, but the sheer number of things you can make is incredible.  Unfortunately, the creator is really tricky to use for the time being.  I'm not sure it would be harder to use 3DSMax at this rate to make my first vehicle.This is definitely in alpha.  There's no question about it.  A lot of the AI and animations has a lot of polishing left to do, the combat's hilariously clunky, and the 'storyline' isn't terribly well-balanced.  But that said, it's a fantastic start.  There's plenty to do, plenty to build, and lots of frightening spore-creator kinds of creatures to roam about and kill vicariously.  If you want a game that gives you enormous amounts of space and room for creativity, this is it.All that aside, though, there's a hell of a lot you can do with building up your base and your armaments.  Shields and swords can be custom-designed with the voxel editor.  Buildings can be given lovely cornering and layouts, with plenty of accessories already avaioable for use.  The cars are just that perfect blend of controllable and completely bonkers to drive, making your bouts of ATVing hilarious, wonky, and yet not actually frustrating.  This game picks -way- up once you start getting into vehicles and colony control.  That said, to get the resources needed to get there, you're probably gonna have to look at the wiki.  There are very few veins of certain resources."
,Recommended,237870,27882635,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Meliora,"This is almost a very good game.  It took installing it again to remember why I quit playing it.  So, drawbacks first and then what's so great about it.Drawbacks:If you're not playing in the equivalent of creative mode, so that you have content, then you have two modes: story and adventure.  In story, there are timesinks as you gradually gain access to scripts that allow you to produce better and better items.  But by the time you have a thriving colony, there's nothing left to work toward except the end of the story.If you play adventure mode, then you bypass all of the grinding because you begin with all scripts.  However, this renders the majority of scripts useless because you'll skip straight to the best items.  This is the better option for exploring and building a colony.  However, the drawback there is that you only get four NPCs and there's no guarantee that any of them will join your colony.There are reportedly more NPCs out on the map, in many cases, very far from your starting point.  But the map is not infinite, which means that your progress is still capped.  Once you've built up your colony and recruted all the accessible NPCs on the map, there's nothing to work toward.How to correct these drawbacks:Literally all it needs is a tech tree for story mode and new NPCs that join the map to be recruited in adventure mode.  The tech tree would allow the player to choose what to access first, rather than wander until NPCs with the necessary scripts are discovered.  It would still be a bit of a timesink, but the player would have more control over how that timesink is progressed through, and could prioritize goals.  As it is, later scripts are often found at the same time as earlier scripts, rendering even the explore-to-advance angle pointless (ie, finding the script for a copper bow at the same time as iron bow and pistol).Having new NPCs wander onto adventure maps would allow for expansion of colonies to encompass the map, providing a long term, ongoing goal of expansion.What makes this game great:I hate to use the word ""potential"" when it's so close to realizing that potential.Imagine Rimworld with a RPG built on top of it, where you control a single character directly.  Imagine first person play in that game, with the ability to design custom items and structures to use and share with others.   Imagine skill trees for your colonists, vehicles, and diverse challenges on the map.I'm clicking ""Yes"" that I recommend this game, but I do so with the wish that we could click a ""Maybe"" option.  The fact is that this game is very close to being something awesome, and at least where adventure mode is concerned, it would be very simple for the developers to realize its potential.  But as of this review, they haven't.  The result is that a rich game leaves you feeling empty, like it could have been so much more, and the simplicity of what it is missing tacks frustration onto that sentiment.Addendum:It may be possible to put something together in the World Editor that would alleviate the adventure mode problem.  Perhaps, for example, a map with enough NPCs that can be recruited to make it worth playing.  The first problem is, the DPI scaling for the World Editor is so horrendous that on a modern 4k screen, it can't even be used.  The second problem is that even World Editor maps are randomly generated, and editing terrain (along with practically all other functionality in the editor) is non-intuitive, slow, and frustrating.  All the reasons you can think of to use a World Editor, are reasons not to use it in this case.I still think that this game can realize its potential, but I'm disappointed that it hasn't gotten there yet.  In this case, it appears that the developers begin with the assumption that people want to play the game, when instead they should stop and think about what would motivate people to play in the first place and then build on that."
76561198024107851,Not Recommended,237870,32506056,Posted: 17 June,all,Rijst,"This game is so bad.The environment has no interesting things.The combat is annoying (atleast in the start).Biome transition is non existent.Questing is buggy and confusing.Cities are really badly designed.The cities are litterally build on a cube.No mountain, no hills, no natural stuff. Game runs fine though.I have played this game approx 3 years ago and it was unplayable because of severe bugs. It's fixed now, but the game made barely any progress.Buy this game when it's on sale for 0.99. Just to make your steam library a little bigger.This game is in NO way worth 20 bucks. It isn't even worth 5 bucks.I'm sorry, I really wanted this game to shine as it was a cool concept."
,Recommended,237870,26739593,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Arathorn,"One of the few sandbox sci-fi games that I truly enjoy playing. The storyline is interesting enough to keep you entertained, while the voxel crafting system is really easy and enjoyable. It feels great to sculpt your own VTOL then fly it around completing quests. Aethestics are really pleasing as well, you do feel like you're in an exotic alien world (with actual things to do unlike NMS), and the music gives the whole experience a very soothing, pleasant feel.Definately worth your money."
,Not Recommended,237870,29354869,Posted: 19 January,all,spookydonut,"While this is fun to play and a massive time sink, there's a lot of issues with it.The story mode ends with a cliff hanger and I really doubt more content will ever be delivered."
,Not Recommended,237870,32177863,Posted: 4 June,all,THRiLL KiLL,game does not start.
,Not Recommended,237870,29403936,Posted: 21 January,all,Cue,"This absolutely should not have come out of Early Access. It's still a buggy mess, you've got a launcher that has some ugly default UI too.I tried launching it. Hah. Won't even launch now no matter what settings I use, I last played it back in EA and it launched (but was riddled with bugs). Looking over the other reviews I'm guessing I'm not missing much any way."
,Recommended,237870,24931197,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,tambaloneus,"I thought I had reviewed this already... huh. Anyway this game is in development so there are some UI tweaks and bugs to fix but the core thing itself - is a thing of wonder.You start off wondering what the hell just happened and why the blaze you just crashed a spaceship and don't have any weapons other than, quite literally, a small plastic knife. Pretty soon you're collecting plants, digging, chopping trees, running to or from alien animals, doing busy-body work for various NPCs for 'recipes' for new things to make like armour or weapons or circuit boards.Then you find yourself making a cute little house somewhere and you've built yourself a little aircraft in the shape of something not safe for work, realised that doesn't fly well enough to even get off the ground without flipping upside down, so you then attempt to build something that is both hilarious and practical. You can sculpt a bow out of gold while your companions use lasers because arrows are cheap and then you find yourself on the run from bears that shoot actual fireballs until you realise you can totally just build a little tower to stand on like a boss while you plunk at them with arrows.Then you're building up a small colony and assigning jobs because you've been unofficially made Mayor and thus you build yourself the nicest home while your poor colonists get open space living with as many beds as you can cram into one big room and they're doing your farming for you now and fighting various random animals and running into the ocean shooting alien seagulls and every time you think ""Okay this is everything now"" it keeps getting bigger.So you make another bow in the shape of [censored] that can one shot giant space beetles and realise you haven't even explored the other biomes yet so you make a flying shopping trolley that puts any followers into the baby seat and trolley off to parts unknown.11/10 would humiliate Rol again."
76561197981159535,Not Recommended,237870,32362457,Posted: 12 June,all,Swilky,Extremely disappointed in this game. My wife and I tried to complete story mode twice but were overwhelmed with bugs to the point where the quests were impossible to finish because characters that you were meant to speak to had completely vanished. The game mechanics are clunky. PE has the potential to be a really good game but it looks like the developers got their money and have moved on to the next project. This game is unfinished at best. I wish I could get my money back and the hours I wasted starting over trying to complete the game. I could have overlooked the bugs if the game was cheaper and was eary access but it selling as a finished title. I will not be buying another Pathea game.
76561198024566931,Recommended,237870,32162052,Posted: 3 June,all,Bloodlock,"I actually quite liked the game. Played it here and there as it developed and new things were added and all that jazz. Crashed quite a few times, experienced a good portion of bugs. The majority of them being in the late game/multiple hours played saves. But, I still had fun with the game treating it like a base builder with exploration.The resource collecting system, terraforming, building system were all rather good in my eyes! Block by block weapon and vehicle building was also pretty cool. I feel as if they could have done even more with the game world. Insane potential.I think that the continual developing cost over the years ended up making them feel rushed with the end product.Even with its flaws, I certainly got my money out of the game. If there was an 'in between' option, I'd have picked that."
,Recommended,237870,27818362,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Khronoe,"My friends and I have waited years to play this game because of it's time in early access but it was worth the wait, for us at least.  I'm normally not a fan of building or survival genre games but this one has captivated me.  We purchased the game at least two years ago and have tried it off and on since that time but didn't want to put in a lot of time until it was finished because we didn't want to have played it all and not be able to enjoy it when it released.  So here we are now and I'm glad we waited.  The game still have some minor issues that need resolve but the devs are so far handling those issues in short order.  The devs are also pretty responvie on the forums and seem genuinely interested in player feedback.What I love most about this game is it's versatility.  It has a great story mode that can be played in either single player, multiplayer or on a hosted server.  Mulitplayer games can also be co-op, survival or PvP and there is also an adventure mode which is an open world quest and dungeon crawler style map.  The maps outside of story mode are also all procedurely generated with dungeons, caves, etc.  in addition to that, the options for building are seemingly limitless.  You can build your own weapons, armor, VTOLs, ground vehicles, ships, submaries, personal robots and buildings.Plus the colony system is a lot of fun for me.  It's like having a small scale sim built into the game.  As you encounter NPCs in the game you can invite them to a colony that you establish and assign them certain roles.  They can be medics, workers that can repair, recyle or enhance gear, farmers and more.The in game editor is also very powerful yet fairly simple to master with a little time and patience.  I am still pretty impressed with what can be created on the fly without having to drop out of the game to create custom models and whatnot.  You can not only build the body of your design but also create custom materials using your own textures (based off of a default material), place your own decals on your items and more.There is also a world editor that I haven't attempted to use yet but for those who are into world building it seems like a great tool for custom scenarios.I really hope this game continues to grow and develop because it holds great potential and I can't recommend it enough for players who enjoy sandbox and open building games."
76561198080400017,Recommended,237870,24907570,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xxpowerofsoundxx,"I only have 14 hours on record here but ive played it for well over a 100 hours on a ""different"" copy. Around last year when they were adding the large content patches and changing the entire system I bought 3 copies for myself and two friends. I still think this game has a ways to go but from this point on i can deffinitly reccomend it. The devs have continued to work hard on it even after setbacks. Never giving up and leaving this as abandon ware. Buy it. Play it.If your interested in other building or space games I suggest checking into Starmade also. They offer a demo version (completly unlocked and working version. They've been giving it away for free til it hits release) that you can try out to see if you like it.TL;DR buy it. great game. the devs deserve it."
,Recommended,237870,11054124,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Vaupell,Made a video where i take a look at this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nl4w2RsV6k
76561198060422356,Recommended,237870,9614368,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,TanManZan,"The early access was kind of dull for me. It explained stuff pretty well just wish it was simpler to understand. I see the great potential though because it really can be fun. so I'm going to keep playing it time to time, and i can not wait till the release."
,Recommended,237870,9566726,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kenna,"Just played a couple of minutes. It looks beautiful and looks very very promising. For me, personalle, its a bit tooo early in development, but by far better than some other early access games! I like it! And dont regret the spended money!"
76561197964975602,Recommended,237870,9568607,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Snitka,"This game is absolutely amazing if you're a Minecraft/starbound/starforge fan. It's early access but already it's a lot of fun to play endlessly.Building your perfect helicopter brick by brick and flying around a random build or adventure world is so satisfying, just like building entire colonies in the story mode after tracking down other survivors."
,Recommended,237870,9950203,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[MoX]Arken,"This game has so much potential, it feels a lot like minecraft, only with more focus on exploration and a more detailed creation system."
,Recommended,237870,9558434,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kaiyera123,"Eveything's fine so far for me since I started,the only issue I have is that it takes a very long time when I want to log out of the game after clicking,'Quit Game' that I had to switch off my com and start it up again cause I couldn't do anything else.                                     The graphics are beautiful and I like that there is an option to customise your weapons and build your own structures, the character and camera is also easy to move around,so I quite enjoy it."
76561198041681531,Recommended,237870,9591982,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Berserk64,"This is a great game already,It can only get better this really should be on everyones radar,Its so good I I am not playing any of the AAA titles in favor of this.I made these on my second night.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240746910http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240857958you crash on a planet,with only a knife as your first tool,there are other survivors to help and defend,building structures is intuitive and easy.You gather all the needed minerals/components you need and use them to build and survive.The creatures are interesting and varied,and making you own weapons and vehicles is rewarding and fun.This game really gives you alot of options for creativity and the reasons to do so.10/10"
,Recommended,237870,9555120,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Enigmatic Wonder,"An amazing game so far. The enviroments are really fun to explore and the amount of wildlife and it's interaction with itself makes for a great experience. Add on the voxel based world with the freedom to create and build anything anywere, this game is looking up to be one of my favorites. : ) And it's still only alpha. Can't wait to see what all they end up adding."
76561198031623638,Recommended,237870,9555576,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,LordShadow,Great game content for a game that is in alpha stage. It is a money well spent
,Recommended,237870,9568016,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,COL DEATH SETH,loads of fun.
76561197970979614,Recommended,237870,9569047,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Silven,"I'm well into the single player story game and loving it.  While the story elements aren't very deep yet and a few of the voice overs are a little plain, the game does have some thought out lore which is decent.  Best of all is the wandering, the voxel tech for destroyable and creatable everything and the gathering and crafting systems.  The combat is pretty decent too, especially since I really see it as a side item to the exploring and building elements.  Even in this pre-completion stage I highly recommend this game.  I can't wait to try it with a friend in multi-player"
76561198029941942,Recommended,237870,9571056,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ishist∞,"Definitely Alpha quality, but the foundation is there, as well as plenty of content already. There are slews of bugs, as is normal for an early release game. But you get to build your own base, as well as build your ground and air vehicles and weapons from the ground up."
,Recommended,237870,9574799,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,mamolian,"Space RPG with voxel building minecraft style and the ability to produce weapons and vehicles with the help of modular subsystems like engines, wheels or flight surfaces etc. World feels massive, and is nicely stylised imo.Very enjoyable so far, worth a look"
76561198007422969,Recommended,237870,9561053,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,100,"the game is nice, very enjoyble. the problem i have is the laging, i have one of the best laptop out there in the market & it still lag..  i can play AC black flag on a top setting with out any lag problem.i love the way this game will go in the future, & i do hope that they dont get lazy because they had so much money from alpa & stop developing or start a new project even b4 trying to finish this."
76561197986895477,Recommended,237870,9563223,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,djseoane,"The Game launched twice for me and now will not open.  I  had to delete local content, and reinstalling now.  I hope this works this game has a bit of a learning curve but seems very fun."
,Recommended,237870,9602135,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Pleyox,For an alpha this game is more polished than a lot of games at release. It's going to be a pleasure to watch as this game continues to improve and become even more enjoyable than it already is. Well spent $25.
,Recommended,237870,9623681,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Admiral Zeus Sampson (RS),Interesting Lets See What The Future Holds.
76561198167377513,Recommended,237870,13982526,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,hk73,"This game has everything I ever wanted in a game: Building stuff, upgrading, survival, Scifi story and much more!For me its perfect and very well done.Its still early access but I only had it crash on me once in many hours of play."
76561197996884332,Recommended,237870,14088882,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,#NikaVillePlays,"I've played this game only for 10hours BUT, I like where it's going, it's allready a good game, and with a nice story to it. The crafting toturial and how to get the cars and all that could be a tad bit better, but theres loads of vids on youtube that covers it. One thing i am missing however is a way to tell chars that you are following to stay put for a bit, due to you might have to go mining for some mats during your follow mission, and having them with you while caving is messy and getting them to follow you out again is even worse... but if i had thought a head and stacked up a little it wouldent be an issue rly.This is actually one EAG i dont regret! Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,237870,9542891,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Morbidanimosity,"Other than huge lagginess in towns sometimes, this seems great.i hope they work on that somehow though,its holding the game back for me a bit.but its basically if minecraft, starbound, and monster hunter all had a kid"
,Recommended,237870,9558655,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,AphexAngel,This game is like a beautiful version of minecraft with all the mods you could ever want.... standard.  Cannot reccomend more.
,Recommended,237870,9558832,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Labchimp King of Monkeytown,Especially for an early access alpha there is a lot of content available. Overall if you enjoy Minecraft with slightly better graphics this is a good game.
76561197990653398,Recommended,237870,9559507,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cosmin,Great game. Only in alpha and is insanely addicting.. leaves you begging for more content and options. A very solid concept. Great job Pathea. Please keep it up!!!!
76561197999796430,Recommended,237870,9562214,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,fUNgu5,"This game is really amazing.  Best ""alpha"" i've ever seen.  I hope this goes a lot further considering how much there already is.  Worth every penny."
76561197967559520,Recommended,237870,9567477,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,JeffyThanatos,"Planet explorers, in many ways, is silmilar to Everquest Landmark.  But better.  It has a create, story, multiplayer, and adventure mode, depending on what you are looking for.  The Build system for structures is great, maybe even better the EQ.  The planet is filled with minerals and underground cave systems.  The Build system for weapons and vehicals is very good.  I am no artest, but I found it very easy to use, with a little practice, and can see how someone with more skill then me can take it and create awesome things.I paid for a Founders pack with EQ Landmark and I should of just got this game.  EQ is fun, but the MMO part of it really stinks.  The only interaction is to look at others creations, as you run by, and fight for claims and minerals.  I may edit this after Landmark offically comes out, but what I have seen for the last month or so of beta does not impress me much, and this game has everything I was looking for.The only real bugs I've encounterd are falling through the map after a crashing my car and landing upside down, and crashing twice to desktop(with a game pop-up that an error was encountered.).  I'm about 10 hours in and it looks like there is a lot more interesting story to go.  If you like minecraft, but wish there was more story, and were thinking about EQ Landmark, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,237870,9568240,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,remington,"My first hour of playing the game and I'm impressed with the open world, NPC interaction and the quest system. I’m just starting on the crafting tree, once you learn to click on the scripts then you can replicate items – it’s a breeze. Easier than Minecraft in that you don’t have to select each resource, drag it to the crafting table then craft it. On the Con side the character movement controls – it’s not as immersive as minecraft. I might have missed some control configuration but I’m definitely do not like the way it’s done. I’ll keep playing around with to see if it’s a configuration.  Also chasing down NPC to talk to them and missing them and having to chasing them down again was a pain – funny – but a pain. ;)Overall I would recommend it (if the movement controls can be improved) the game has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,237870,28187812,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,UnexplainedGravy,"Note: I've only played singleplayerThe game itself is nice, the crafting aspect is deep, almost TOO deep (Not a bad thing, I just haven't gotten the hang of it)The map seems pretty huge. but that's okay, you can build vehicles (flying, land, and sea) to get around.The story is interesting, not like, game of the year ""10/10 would bang"" good, but it's interesting, you're apart of a group of people who are looking for a new home in the universe and you crash land on this planet, and now you're trying to find everyone, and it goes from there.The voice audio for some of the characters sounds muffled, kinda weird and kills the immersion. I'm assuming they have that on the radar to work on.The combat is cool, although (I could be wrong) but it doesn't seem like headshots matter when fighting creatures. not a big deal, but just something I noticed.You can have followers, that's neat, and they have skills / abilities that differ from follower to follower. You can have them stay put somewhere, follow you, etc. and you can set them to defensive, aggressive, and passive.You have to manage various types of ailments. Infection, injuries, etc. oh, and of course hunger. Don't eat too much though! there's a penalty for that. Pretty cool.Overall I love the game, I kept telling myself that I was going to go play something else, and next thing I knew I had been playing it all day and didn't want to stop so I could build that next thing, or finish this ONE quest, etc.I can't wait to see what they do next for this game, it's neat."
76561198273512477,Recommended,237870,26608240,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SavageRogue,"This is a pretty good game from what I've heard and what I've seen. Although, if you are like me and use a controller, its not that great. I loved everything about this game when i first saw it in my queue, and when I saw it had partial controller support I was soooooooo happy. Although, its not like actual partial controller support where u can use the controller for combat and use a mouse and keyboard for navigation through the menus and everything else. The controller support is absolute garbage. You can't customize many buttons with key binds, when you move forward you trigger some stupid auto run that can't be disabled, there are only like 3 buttons bound, and no you can't bind the rest of them in the settings. Devs this is an absolute great game, but it does not have partial controller support, please optimize it and make it playable. I'm only talking about the controller support, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic."
76561198053376439,Recommended,237870,16100492,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,e p h,Threw 23 Dollars into steamDownloaded a GameWas digging a giant holeGot kicked from the server11/10 would dig again
76561198272079874,Recommended,237870,26593583,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Deus Vultica,"this game is more addicting than any other drug, buy it. Seriouly tho1) A large map2) Creation system is great.3) Fire bears, flying jellyfish, orc things, ect...4) quest, too many.5) from swords to gunships and submerines you can use anything to destroy the weird enemies of the colonies6) found your own colony.7) we use meat as money. MEAT.8) great game, great gameplay, custimixation, and little if any falts."
,Recommended,237870,24743843,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Siberian Bull,"Beta update has changed this game a lot, but there's still a long road for Planet Explorers. I think developers are working too slow for improving this game. Expensive, but still worth to play. There aren't many games like this."
,Recommended,237870,28321953,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,OwO,"So far I'm overall enjoying this game, but it does have problems. I'm unfinished with the storyline, but other reviewers have covered that, so I won't get too into it. I may change this review after I beat the storyline. I apologize for the fact my review seems more negative than positive, but I am enjoying it more than I'm annoyed with the issues.Pros:- The building system could be refined but is overall easy to work with and building nice structures isn't particularly difficult. I also really dig the custom creation, save for the armor--I would have highly preferred there was a base we could paint over, as the creation method is far too blocky to look normal as clothes. I wanted to make some skimpy armor for my guy that matched the female version, but it sure seems impossible with the tools you're given.- Fighting is a strong point--I really like the combat system, shooting bows and guns is fun, and the difficulty is good. Hunting is enjoyable. The turrets are also nice. The swords are not as enjoyable, and I haven't used them much.- Crafting system is solid and pretty damn expansive. No complaint at all here. Very easy to use.- Resource gathering is painless.- The fast travel system is pretty well done, also, but it does make the motorbikes feel pretty useless.-  I looooove the character creation. Probably a minor detail to most people, though.- The world is gigantic and easy to get lost in. I've spent a lot of time so far just wandering and finding different areas.----Cons:- The armor creation system (mentioned above!)- Enemy animations don't line up well sometimes. I do really enjoy fighting, don't get me wrong, but it does tend to hit you when it looks like it shouldn't and not get hit when it should have. In multiplayer, the other character model is often not where it should be, even though you're playing LAN.- The AI is wonky, both for allies and enemies. It just acts really weird sometimes. I've sometimes fought baddies high up only for them to suddenly jump and kill themselves for no obvious reason, or had someone I was bringing somewhere just...run away, only for the quest to fail because they got attacked. This is somewhat unfrequent, but it happens.- The person who got this for me thought it was still in early access. I didn't know it wasn't until I came to review--it feels like it is. It's clearly a good game, and like I said I am overall enjoying it, but it doesn't feel finished. I'm nervous about the reviews that say the story mode ends abruptly. It looks like they are still developing this game, so hopefully it will still reach this stage.- The fact you have to manually close a server you're hosting with task manager is ridiculous. Not that it's hard, but it's annoying and feels very lazy.- Movement does have some issues. The random rolls and oversteps have killed or hurt me a couple times when I was too high. The ground vehicle movement is very weird, though I have yet to try the other vehicle types. (Will update when/if I do.) The camera controls are actually very easy to control, though.- No way to track other players, afaik :( It's really frustrating to open the map when someone is getting attacked and try to figure out how to get to them. I also really wish there were custom markers you could follow like you can with quests."
76561198127024656,Recommended,237870,26618341,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tenno,"Yes, this game was been released too early, but I still find it to be very well worth the pricetag at the moment.I'm so busy designing armor weapons and aircrafts I've barely advanced through a 1/3 of story.Beautify game, a little buggy. but very fun."
76561198051962856,Not Recommended,237870,32781946,Posted: 25 June,all,Respite,"I want to love this game. In fact, when it isn't crashing on me, I DO love it. It has the small problems expected with early access but whats aailable is great.I am using my Macbook Pro while on vacation, and I'm not sure if thats the reason, but crashes. Story mode it happens if trying to progress along the storyline, Adventure mode it happens the first time I talk to any of the colonists. After being unable to talk to or enter any quest areas without fear of crashing, I am giving up and hoping it works on my PC. I'll update if it works better on there."
76561198015307033,Not Recommended,237870,34581479,Posted: 29 August,all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Great Concept + Abysmal Realisation = Peeved Gamer
,Recommended,237870,34423864,Posted: 22 August,all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"I bought this game for 25$ I don't know how many years ago. Hasn't really changed much since then but it's always been a lot of fun to build giant shooty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns or go stat hunting and build a giant block made of solid gold and see your character wave it around effortlessly. While the game isn't anything close to what I thought it would be it's still a lot of fun to play and offers a lot of interesting mechanics, if for nother else than to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around with. Performance is an issue and for a game like this likely always will be but this isn't the type of game where it's absolutely critical. My biggest issue with this game is the timing, when this game was first introduced to early access; all the mechanics were fresh and fairly innovative. Now in 2017 it's just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voxel game, far superior but still akin to Starforge. Still a great deal and I would definitely recommend it."
76561197985406823,Recommended,237870,34662417,Posted: 1 September,all,HellsHero,"Really nice game, worth it's price tag. So far I have gotten 16 hours purely from the single player part"
76561198035248147,Recommended,237870,28318936,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,curtyuiop,"If the trailer catches your eye, then download the DEMO.I played the demo and was hooked, I played for 2 days then realized I'm in quite deep so better buy it.After buying it I expected to re-do what I had already played but no, the old data from the demo goes to your existing game you began with!Vehicles are a challenge on the rough terrain, but I'm sure that will be relieved when I obtain flight travel.Game is really fun to play with no frustrations, as long as you stock up on the things that you've already learned.Nice and large world to adventure through, crafting is of the highest levels in my mind. The game gives you enough crafting on a whole and if you need more then go tocrafting.com.If this game is lacking stuff or has too much stuff, then welcome to the club for people who are looking for the right game for themself.Again, download the DEMO if you don't want to have to read moronic reviews like this one.P.S. go through the tutorial and repeat the first 20 minutes of the game if you failed to listen like me.Cheers! Awesome game devs!"
,Recommended,237870,29169620,Posted: 10 January,all,F'lar,"I'm coming up on 300 hours with Planet Explorers that goes back to mid-alpha.  Most of my time has been spent in Adventure mode where I can roam the open world and do what I want, when I want.  The open sandbox nature of the game melds well with my playstyle.  As a voxel based game, using the Unity 5 engine, you can change the landscape around you.  Dig down to mine for resources, tunnel out a mountain to lay a monorail or flatten the mountaintop.  Map sizes range from an 8x8km map up to a 40x40km map - which seems huge.  The land is populated by creatures that could be docile or hostile - up to you to find out which is which.  There are also NPC factions that may be friendly - or not!  :)To me, the biggest strength of the game is the creation modes.  There are two.  First is the Build mode that allows you to create buildings and bases in the open world.  Choice of blocks is a bit limited to square blocks or others based on a 45° angle.  This means you can, for instance, build a symmetrical octagon but not an equal sided hex.  Addition of 30/60° blocks would open up many more possibilities.  Also, blocks are 'fixed' in orientation.  One face of the block will always face north.  Even with these limitations, people have created some incredible things.The second mode is the Creation mode that allows you to build items from weapons and armor to vehicles that drive or fly.  Orientation of the blocks is somewhat limited here too, but you have more freedom than in the Build mode.  Using things like the mirror modes in the creator, you can build objects that are symmetrical and can then be painted and decaled to give your creation a finished look.  Creation of items can often start with a question of, ""I wonder if I can create..."".  Many hours can be spent finding the answer to that question.  If you look in the Steam workshop, you can see some awesome things that people have created.  For people who have spent some hours in the Creator, some of these objects can leave them shaking their heads wondering, ""How in the world did they do that?""In short, if you like games like Minecraft, but with a better resolution - of the blocks, at least, give this game a try.  There is a demo, so you can try it out and see if you like it.  I like it, obviously - with the hours I have put in it and will continue to do so."
76561198174697577,Recommended,237870,28699577,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MadHatz,"OKAY... so first of i don't hate the game I actually really like the game... BUT a BIG BUT... is hasPROS-Fun Gameplay-Super fun multiplayer-Has A LOT of stuff to do-And a good Story modeCONS-Its a bit on the expensive site-Its not super optimized (like i can't it at 60FPS on a 1070GTX)-AND HERE IS THE BIG ONE... THE GAME HAS A $H!T TON FOR BUGSHere take this i HAVE NOT completed the stroy mode not because i'am bad a the game no no nonono every single time i try to complete the stroy mode i run in to a game breaking bug i have I $H!T YOU NOT TRY TO DO THIS GAME 4 FU""K!NG TIMES AND NOT DONE IT YET... and here the other day i try to open up the game and it crashes instantly i can't get it to run sooooo i try for like 30Mins and i say NOPE NO MORE FU€K THIS GAMEbut i still love it... and recommend it(Edit i just got it up and running... and i can get 60FPS so GET THIS GAME)"
,Recommended,237870,9542419,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,𝕮𝖚𝖓𝖙 𝕬𝖓𝖓𝖎𝖍𝖎𝖑𝖆𝖙𝖔𝖗,"This game is brilliant! You are able to build your own vehicles, guns, swords, shields, houses, bases, what ever you want to build. Your imagination is the limit. There should be more games like this"
,Recommended,237870,9622003,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Just fucked my PC,"ThinkMinecraft's dynamic terrain insideRust's at first glance static environments, with some borrowings ofSkyrimand the sheer size and scope ofXenoblade Chronicles."
,Recommended,237870,9483147,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hopper,"Feels like warcraft had a baby with minecraft, and it isnt an ugly child."
76561198086577246,Recommended,237870,9483273,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Fa11out,"This game just freezes when I push the ""PLAY"" button... for $25.. not cool. Please fix :)"
,Recommended,237870,9492925,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Digital Ninja,Fun and fresh really says it all.
76561197976806268,Recommended,237870,9494110,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ricochet,"Excellent job so far with this game , very playable and enjoyable even in this stage which the devs are still calling Alpha..Brings everything to the table that i always wanted Minecraft to do.. Having a great time ,looking forward to updates as this gem grows.."
,Recommended,237870,9446277,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Xtrememadness,Very interesting game :DD & Fun
76561198044577263,Recommended,237870,9485075,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,pmiley79,full control on xbox control pad please it wounld make the game play easyer for people with nible fingers
,Recommended,237870,10432700,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Empty,"Great game, once completed will be even better. I hope first person by then will be immersive I hate third person views."
76561198011529909,Recommended,237870,12273208,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Desozy,"If you're looking for a nice sandbox game, this one can be good fun to you. I actually bought it a few days ago and have a playtime of 30 hours, that's more than with some high budget games.Sure, it's an Prerelease but it already contains tons of fun and works very stable for a prerelease. I love building custom cars and flying battleships.I prefer the adventure mode, where you got all recipes but have to gather resources. It has a random world generator, so every game can be different. Story has no random map, but it's a nice world to explore.Building your own colony and inviting NSC to settle there is a great feature, hope this one's get extended further.For my opinion, it is worth the money I spent."
76561198050712411,Recommended,237870,12911549,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cerie,This is a pretty good game with alot of potential i recommend this to anyone that likes minecraft
76561198087379673,Recommended,237870,13721277,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dash,"This game can be a lot of fun if you like open world crafting type games.  What is particularly unique about it is the cad-cam style crafting interface that theoretically allows you to build anything you want out of your own user-defined shapes and utilizing in-game mechanical and electrical components.  In addition to crafting, there is resource gathering, hunting, enemies to kill, and discovery of new areas on the map.  I would probably play this much more often but as building and harvesting take a lot of time, I have kind of shelved this game until it is a little more updated.  Its a bit of a pain to build something extensive and then have to start over because of patch incompatability.  If you are patient about patches and love these kind of open world survival games, I would recommend this, but I might also suggest waiting for a more complete build."
76561198038470695,Recommended,237870,12570799,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,gyx cmapuka,"This game has alot of things for its Early Access, more the Starbound or Terraria really, vehicle editor is good and working, very interesting project.Game lags for me tho, especially when there is rain. But overall 9+\10, looking forward. Should be great game in the end thats for sure!"
76561198309520698,Recommended,237870,32751875,Posted: 24 June,all,Zarya <3,"Only got about 2 hours into this and can't believe it's been that much. There's so much to do. Big sandbox, amazing creation ability. This is too much for my feeble little brain! I want to ride dinosaurs and craft my own weapons, gotta get back to this planet soon!"
76561198008920672,Recommended,237870,32902239,Posted: 27 June,all,djangel,"a great game for people who love building and design as well as shooting stuff,the game is good but(spoilers alert) the ending made me mad to be continued really......?.loads of fun to be had designing crafts and items in 3d construction,over all id give it a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,237870,34797677,Posted: 7 September,all,Gay Fax,Boring gameplay. Cheap realisation. Not worth the money.
,Recommended,237870,9535938,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LiasVS,Where do i even start on this amazing piece of good ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing jesus♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥what you call a game. As soon as my game was downloaded i imeadiatly had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and im not talking my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cause that would be insensitive. I started the game and notice a mutha ♥♥♥♥ing customation option like holy ♥♥♥♥ how many games offer this♥♥♥♥♥♥i knew i had to take advantage of this with my britney spears looking♥♥♥♥♥ After the customization was done i started to actually play the game... oh wait no i didn't cause i accidently hit the J key and it took me to a land of good ♥♥♥♥♥. I would tell you more but im dead
,Recommended,237870,10850317,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Webbed Bounce.,it made my computer crash bc i got killed by a hammerhead shark10/10 wuld play again
76561197984734829,Recommended,237870,14250764,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lastman,"Nice balance of exploration and discovery. Decent variety of gorgeous creatures and environments. Crafting system is well balanced and varied. Creation system looks daunting but is very intuitive. Does need fleshing out a bit but devs are well on their way in the right directionProblem is the multiplayer. Netcode is atrocious. MP mechanics aren't where they need to be. Defenses are easily ""deleted"" by other players . Small environments. Creation buggy. The general asshattery you encounter in minecraft is here on a much smaller scale, but theres no tools or resources to manage it yet.Singleplayer 8/10 (Expect the devs to improve to make it 10/10)Multiplayer 4/10 (Truly worried about this aspect as the list of fixes is large)"
,Recommended,237870,26732992,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,XxWestKillzXx,Still really glitchy and janky mechanics after release but it's an ok game.
76561198323362671,Not Recommended,237870,34643411,Posted: 31 August,all,Cobra,"This is a horrible joke of a game. The previews oversell it, while the actual game ends up looking about as good as the original doom. The story progression is awful, and the controls are terrible. I do not recommend you get this game."
,Recommended,237870,12573384,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fap Pack,This game is like minecrack times over 9000 to me. I love it and can't wait to see the finished product. Hell it's playable as is already.
,Recommended,237870,14423696,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZiEiTiA,"Absolutely love this game - even at the lowest graphic settings the world is breathtaking.Once you get the hang of the controls they are fairly intuitive - the build function and ability to make your own custom objects and vehicles is a big plus too.The wide range of biomes and almost complete destructibility of the world increases the 'real feel' of the game, and the crafting system (replicator) is one of the best I've seen yet.Only downside possibly is that it is very graphic intensive - I have a fairly high spec mac and i have the graphics set to their lowest setting.  It is a bit buggy but I would consider amust havefor anyone who likes a good sandbox adventure game and is looking for high customisability."
76561198025524091,Recommended,237870,22813916,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,thefallenwanderer,"I don't normally do reviews for games or anything else for that matter but after having played this game for over 400 hours as of posting this I have to say this game is becoming one of my favorites and it isn't even finished yet. The developers have put a lot of work into this game and that has come a long way since when I picked this game up a few years ago.The ability to create new weapons, armor, vehicles, and items to place around your colony is taken to new heights in this game. There is a built in modeling program to design things to make your gameplay one-of-a-kind for you.While there are still a few bugs in the programming each update they have released has greatly squashed this number as well as adding significantly more content to the game.I would recommend this game for anyone who likes voxel-based games or is just looking for a nice open world sandbox game."
76561198003755471,Recommended,237870,15175490,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Buckeye,"I played the Story mode twice and will again when there's another patch, or sooner if I can't wait. The Adventure mode is ok, but it lags out so bad it's unplayable if I walk too far away from the starting point. I have the graphics maxed in Story mode with no lag anywhere unless I have a large base or large garden (the lag only occurs when I'm near the base / garden). Adventure mode lags out with all the graphics turned down and no base and no garden. I believe it's just an Alfa issue. If you grab this game, play Story mode. It's extremely fun, has a good story and it's not too buggy at all."
76561198058415927,Recommended,237870,24306164,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,PlentifulSetTC,"Good game all around, a little laggy due to high graphics, but still good8 out of 10Might play again"
,Recommended,237870,20441780,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[TE] Kyriel,"This is a really fun game with a lot of great features, although if you play this SAVE OFTEN because random crashes will happen. This game has a lot of bugs and is somewhat unpolished, but offers a lot of great content and gameplay. The customizability is great - the ability to design your own weapons and vehicles is probably this games best selling point. All in all a great sandbox adventure if you have the patience to deal with the bugs. 7.8/10"
76561198086976396,Recommended,237870,16225060,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cookie Bear,"This game is not like your typical survival games, you can't master the game in a day. Building a ship, working up for a gun, they are all time consuming. Plus, everything looks like it should be in some sort of Lord Of The Rings game, because they look super creepy and all designed to ruin your day and that chick you picked up at the survivor camp, she will die... a lot."
76561198042392195,Recommended,237870,29963726,Posted: 16 February,all,Singkun,"Poor planning from the devs. However this type of unique game was nowhere to be found YET, like creating your customized boat, vehicle, and aircraft? Holy Moly, you can instantly imagine you can build your dream vehicle in-game. This game is like one of a kind due to the ISO creator, could entertain players for hours just by building a very detailed masterpiece of your own to travese the land.I say, your creativity in this game is GOOD!Other than the poor planning of the release of this game, I enjoyed this game. Thanks for making this possible."
,Not Recommended,237870,32703936,Posted: 23 June,all,Jazzling,"This game get a bit boring WAY to fast, and if you DO play it, play story mode, as it is WAY better. Adventure is not even worth a try. Story mode is fun, but gets really boring too quickly. The graphics are OK. There is no blood, so it is recommended in my opinion for kids aged 9 - 45. Only really for gamers. I would not recommend getting it for $20, but however, if you have heaps of money, and it is on special for like $5 - $10, MAYBE try it..."
,Not Recommended,237870,28684238,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,{thug} Dio,"Terrible experience.The combat engine is poorly coded and unresponsive.For example: You gotta smash your LMB to hit but if you die... a popup with two buttons appear right underneath the mouse cursor and you are still smashing the LMB so you choose (by clicking blindly) without reading or even seeing the choices.The ground is glitchy, I walked a little far from the crashed spaceship in the beggining and when I came back it was renderized as ugly stones and glitchy textures.The jumps are totally bugged and you can see thrugh the terrain if you move in some parts near walls and stuff.Inventory is a mass and not intuitive at all, well, not even the tutorial is clear.Don't get me started on the bow and arrows... OMG, I wil not even address to this.I could try more to see if it gets better after I master all the commands and the confuse inventory and that messy GUI, but it was so bad I will try to ask for my money back since I don't have more than an hour in game.... THIS is how bad it is... a collector trying to get rid of a game."
76561197976295768,Not Recommended,237870,31445310,Posted: 29 April,all,Jim,"Gives a good first impression but, it isn't all that vast of game & doesn't make clear that it is only the first instalment of a series, before you buy it and thus the story mode abruptly ends just when you start to feel like you're getting into the swing of it although it has some interesting features particularly vehicle creation and other objects, it's not enough to pull it out of the bag.  The map has much more locations to it than are used in the thin story arc, which is fairly predictable, your colony will be attacked, so build defences there you go, the end. Kinda fun while it lasted which wasn't all that long."
,Recommended,237870,14044426,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,InventingKing,Running from Giant Scary Monsters Simulator 2014
,Recommended,237870,30493151,Posted: 13 March,all,Warden1S1k,"It is hard to recommend this game, But it is a lot of fun. But not a lot of people playing it right now. Need more people to play it for it to take off again.I think the bad reviews are just complainers and havn't actually put much time into the game to see if its any good right now."
76561198013343292,Not Recommended,237870,21071092,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,sknilegap,"Worst unfinished game I have ever purchased.  So difficult to even meet up at first with a friend, let alone to figure out everything.  Once you then figure out hte basics you craft a few things get a little excited and then realize there is no point to the game at all.  The mob AI is terrible.  The zones feel empty after a short amount of time.  There are really no goals (including exploring).  Definitely far too unfinished and is the sole reason I am extremely wary of purchasing greenlit games in the future."
,Not Recommended,237870,11418580,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,XT-Skater,"Played some of the Single Player mode.Like most negative reviews, game has potential.It is in Alpha and I bought it more to support the project.I'm hoping somewhere down the line it becomes a great sandbox butat the moment you really feel like a tester then a player.The environment is very 1D and the NPCs looking very generic.However some smart interactions with some creatures chasing othersbut nothing worth shouting about.Watch some online gameplay and make up your own mind, but don't expect anyepic gameplay. More of a supporting/tester role.PS- Not sure if it's because the game is still in Alpha production,but it is deceptive and very graphics heavy. I run a mid-high gtx850m and I m ableto get almost all games on HIGH smooth and a few on ULTRA. I tried running thisgame between its HIGH-ULTRA settings and a 25-28 seemed to be the limit, whichwas strange since playing the actual game you can't really tell from the visualswhere the loss of frames is coming from."
76561198027844985,Not Recommended,237870,22457724,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Orbit Pro,Brought this on launch. Havent tried it for over a year+. Somehow the graphics are worst than when it came out :/
,Not Recommended,237870,10956050,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SaintBalor,"I've only tried the Story Mode so far, and after that, I don't know if I'll be up for trying the other modes.The game has potential but it's still very early to determine what the end result will be. Playing, it feels like the developers are still unclear on what they want to do with some features. From what I've played, quests have been simply going from point A to a very far point B then back, or gather X amount of resources A, B and C, or a combination of the two. They are long, tedious and do little to keep you wanting to play more.The crafting system is decent, but very early on, you'll get very complicated scripts that require you to create many different materials from many different resources in order to create a single Item. It wouldn't be so bad, if resource gathering was fast and entertaining, which it's not. early tools take ages to gather resources, and you're stuck with them until you figure you have to buy more scripts from an NPC.The combat system is barely worth speaking about. If you don't notice the little enemy health bar that appears in the upper left corner of the screen, you won't even know if you're landing any strikes or not, until either you or your enemy are down.You can put items for use in the 1-9 bar, a la Minecraft, and it works well, but the only way to know which Item you have equipped is by looking at the square left of button 1, which shows what you're currently using. I guess that's ok, but it'd be less confusing if it just highlighted the Item you've selected. Another problem is that if you're using a sword and Shield and you change to a pickaxe to do some mining, when you switch  back to the sword, the shield will stay unequipped, forcing you to go and equip it again, which can be annoying considering how you can be attacked at any time.One other problem I had is that throughout the time I spent playing, I felt like I was doing something (or rather everything) wrong. Following the questline brought me to face enemies against whom I had no chance. I constantly wondered if there was something I missed, something that should have prepared me for the challenge, but there seemed to be nothing there.Overall, the game has potential, but I cannot recommend it to anyone, simply because it's too unfinished. I wish I had waited a year or two more to play it in a much more polished state. I know I'll have to wait at least that long to come back to it."
,Recommended,237870,31987807,Posted: 26 May,all,Vas,"Averaged Rating:★★★★★★★☆☆☆7/10Graphics:★★★★★★★★★★10/10Sound:★★★★★★★☆☆☆7/10Gameplay:★★★★★★★★☆☆8/10Storyline:★★★★★★★★☆☆8/10Replay Value:★★★★★★☆☆☆☆6/10AI:★★★★★☆☆☆☆☆5/10Options:★★★★★★☆☆☆☆6/10Difficulty:★★★★★★☆☆☆☆6/10----------------------------------Personal Rating:★★★★★★★★☆☆8/10While I absolutely love the game, the one thing that bothered me most of all was the sound of some of the characters. It just sounded terrible on some of them, like breaks immersion because you can tell for a fact absolutely that it was badly recorded in a crappy sound room. The graphics were beautiful though, I just wish I could have increased the view distance even further to see more at once. I mean I already had a very good view distance, but I wanted to push my system to the limits and render the absolute max I could just for the beautiful scenes. I was just disappointed the campaign ended so soon,I expected to be able to go a bit further, but it seems they left it as a cliff hanger for a possible continuation of the game. The difficulty is about average, you can do everything easily enough by following the story line properly. Annoyingly gathering duplicate scripts all the time. Anyhow, I hope they do make a PE2 with some better fixes to some issues this one had."
76561197999819039,Not Recommended,237870,16834619,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ajaxjs,"This game seemed to have a lot of potential. I was really curious as to where it might go, when I bought it nearly a year ago. I was waiting a few promises made by the devs, such as more of the neat stuff in story mode made available in adventure mode (with friends) before buying it for other people to play with me.But since then, I've just seen one deadline after another pass by. Frankly, the devs are starting to seem disorganized and incompetent. I don't know what's going on over there. I would not buy this game until at the very least, the devs managed to finally finish 0.9, and see where the game stands then. I wouldn't be surprised if even more features get pulled from 0.9 before they release it."
76561198040711537,Not Recommended,237870,9590670,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,md.ford,"unfortunately due to its current state and price I cannot honestly recommend this. The storyline although there, isnt finnished. So only about a third of the map is explorable. Adventure mode offers little challenge. You are just given the plans to make ever item in the game, when you start. And if you dont want to make them there is an always available shop menu.Farming isnt worth doing as you buy a seed, plant it, wait, harvest and then just get 2 of the crop. Then you have to buy another seed. As the crop item can usualy be bought at half the price of the seed. You may as well buy that and not wait.Colony building consists of building 5 to 7 items and placing them, then getting a few people to ""live"" there. You then supply them with food, water, armour, weapons, assign them a job working the farm. Then thay stand around doing nothing all day.With All that said, this is one of the most promising games I have seen all year. Graphics are almost perfect for the game. Mining is even challenging. Combat is fun although needs tuning a little. Stability is almost perfect with one crash in 24 hours gameplay. Making your own designs of vehicles works fantastic. Using the rocket pack to gain height, then switching to hanglider and gliding around is almost a game in itself.And yes I understand this is an Early access game, but one of the keywords is Game, and currently there isnt enough game to play, and make this worth buying at this price. This is at present an alpha demo and should probabily be free. If you want to support the creators then buy it. Otherwise wait, and keep a close eye on it. If Its finnished, it will be good."
76561198035450493,Recommended,237870,26543295,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JII,I kinda love the premise of it.The game itself is just uniquely creative. The gameplay needs love but I enjoy it. For what it is its really fun. They should build a sequel thats improved this is a great start to a series.
76561198108416590,Recommended,237870,29344245,Posted: 18 January,all,DukeZedder,"Well i still remember when this game was in Alpha i disliked it sorry to say but that was about a year or so ago...... But now well a friend asked me to come play one day, and wow everything had changed FPS was better but graphics on low looks so good too! Multi-player does glitch the NPCs sometimes but we find them somehow.... And how you can now fly around its great! So i recommend this game to the public its a great game now :)"
,Recommended,237870,29767018,Posted: 7 February,all,Mutiegenesis,"Fun game overall. Server hosting is kinda wonky.  It would sure be nice if server data were accessible to admins, so various things can be promoted on community sites (active players, map, time of day, weather, etc).  Right now though, you can launch a server with a few customized config tweaks and that is it.  Are the Devs even still active? The most relevant info comes from 2014 forum threads, which indicates a certain staleness in development."
76561198028500429,Recommended,237870,14550186,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cheff,"This is just a unique game loved it, i will play it for life, for its early access nature i will demand more sound, sound can be added for effects like hit sounds, impact sounds etc... AND its enormous ambience can have more effects like rain, thunders, etc .. Espacially -- NEED MORE SOUNDS !! When im cuting alien flesh, i need the hear that impact sound really o_o"
,Recommended,237870,11386244,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Zanriel,"I've been following this game for a couple years now, and it continues to get better and better. It takes a bit of time to warm up to it, but if you give it a chance, you'll find it a deeply satisfying blend of RPG, sandbox, base building, exploration, crafting, and open world survival. The AI NPC's are a fantastic addition, as well as the built-in object editor, where you can download patterns other people have created from within the game. You get to create your own avatar and customize gender, hair, eyes, skin, face, and clothing. That's a HUGE plus in my book.If you're looking for an alternative to Minecraft with better character and creature models, better environmental graphics, more streamlined crafting and building, vehicles, NPC followers, objectives, quests, and more diverse and interesting types of weapons, this is it. Truly an amazing game, even this early in development. I can't wait to see where it goes next.My friends and I have already had quite a bit of fun with this in multiplayer, although at this stage the features could use a bit of work. It would be nice to have a more fleshed out multiplayer story mode. But even as it stands, it's a ton of fun.Devs, if you read this, your idea of enhanced NPC interactions like marriage and procreation? Yes yes! Do it! Also, it appears difficult if not impossible to get NPC followers to heal themselves. Please fix that! Thank you for making such an excellent game."
76561197992983082,Recommended,237870,26683022,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,zelys,"Awesome game, from start to finish.It's its own genre, combining RPG, strategy, crafting, building, town management, survival, and more.Ends with ""To be Continued"" -- I look forward to the sequel!"
,Recommended,237870,11409788,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Thefinalclue,"I have been really hesitant about early release games, since alot of them recently have all but died (day z). but i got this on a whim, mostly because i had extra steam cash to spend. but truthfully, IM GLAD! for as little as i was expecting this game has blown me out of the water, yes the animations still need some work and the item (prebuild) customisation is a bit confusing (at first).But for a alpha game, im 7 hours in and when i was about to get off, i realised i only explored 2 of about 9 zones on the map. this game when done is going to be an amazing 50+ hour adventure. and if you have to justify not spending 15$ for 50 hours of fun, you REALLY must be tight on cash."
,Recommended,237870,24018649,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dynastron,"This game is a true open world with multiple different things to do sequentially or at the same time. I have over 100 hours logged and have enjoyed them all for the most part. It is an amazing game for building stuff. You can use the built in blocks and shapes to build amazing structures, or you can custom build all sorts of other things using the innovated custom create feature. After you have designed your whatever, you can spawn it into the world and drive it around or place it. For a game of this high level, 2-4 years development is normal. Big box games take just as long with the only difference being the betas are usually closed. Would get gored by angry bear-hippos again!"
,Not Recommended,237870,17871631,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,quetzal_rust,The tutorial is super confusing and everything is sort of blurry. I didn't get past the tutorial :S
76561198316618480,Recommended,237870,28618425,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Scolo,I honestly really liked this game. It has a lot of missions and side missions. I do like the crafting though the who creation mechanic could use better explanation. Like where to obtain new parts for crafting. I had the hardest time. Like for instance make a mission where you have to create and make something. Haha hand holding for the win. It's a good game please keep up the good work. Love the melee animations!
76561198114969651,Not Recommended,237870,20393430,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,YoshiHD,"NOT RECCOMMENDED!I bought this game thinking it would be great because i like these type of games but it doesnt work! My computer can run it but it just constantly crashes when i try to load it up or it would take forever to load and just stay on a certain percent. If they can fix this i will buy it again if it is worth it when they fix this problem. Until then, it is not worth it....."
76561198048335381,Recommended,237870,29265455,Posted: 14 January,all,Throw,2 hour review (single player)To sum things upDo not expect ark. this isnt a grinding/taming survival game+Great Adventure+Laid back survival+Nice Graphics+Large map+ weather effects+sounds are niice+60 FPS-The Ui is in the way while fighting-The ui needs work- Pink and teal birds have a 10 mile follow distance witch is very annoying-The general movement and combat controls need some priority workI havent atempted building yetI expect many hours of entertainment out of this game for me and my 8 year old
,Not Recommended,237870,14638583,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Markus,Promising game with HUGE performance and save-game issues. Not worth buying yet. Pretty much unplayable at the moment (a0.87).Pros:-Graphics are good enoughCons:-Bad UI-Performance issues-Cannot load saved games
,Recommended,237870,14609664,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9xqCa11gfEPlanet Explorers can be fun, but it takes a little getting used to the world and controls. Took me a while to figure out the Builder also as the voxels tend to go all over the place if you're not careful. Also I said in the video you can make your own turrets? Untrue You can't make them as of yet so I don't know if you ever will, I just assumed."
,Recommended,237870,14734228,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Siritech,"I had mixed feelings about this game when i got it first. The building for one thing was not what i expected, and the random landscape generator can be a bit glitched out sometimes. I know this is to be expected for a game like this, when in early access, and there are so many of them that i really have no idea why this one came to mind first. The game is a good idea, but needs a lot of improvements to live up to its title and i supported it because i think in some time it might become something. Some improvements for the game could probably be better player customization, a pre-generated map system, and maybe, in some time, even workshop support for maps, creations, etc. Hopefully by purchasing this game i made a wise decision, and hopefully it will become something in time. (also the first person option broken) But i would recommend this game if you enjoy and like these types of RPG's so in your own time, if you have a spare £19 lying around, give it a try, and if you don'tlike it then, wait for improvements like me"
76561198173439779,Not Recommended,237870,20033158,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Phayntom,"the characters are way too cartoonish for me.  The storeyline is actually pretty good, but then when it comes to digging and finding ore good luck.  I used the scanner to find some orre right at the beginning of the story, and it took me hours, and never did find it.  eventually I gave up started over, and had same exact issue.  I finally said forget it and uninstalled the game and went to other survival games where mining was not impossible."
,Recommended,237870,14932053,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Great_Snake,"Buggy as hell, crashes often, somehow still fun. I would reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,237870,26739852,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Sanbox to build and craft whatever you wantNice progression of items and techWhat You Need to Know:This game is so unpolished it's like it's still in early accessOk first voice acting is so terrible, why have it if it's bad, just leave it with text only. Trust me it would make the game betterNext you have the combat which is so lackluster it makes factorio's combat look amazing. The enemies,some look intersting at first but their animations are lame, attacks are lackluster and overall the combat is floaty and underwhelming.So if your looking for depth in the combat look elswhere.The first 15 or so hours is fantastic, you get to know the planet, what kills you, new minerals, quest that reward you with new crafting items, and great progression that reminds me of Terraria.After that the quests don't give rewards anymore. This made me not care to progress any further because I seem to have experienced most the gameSo what is the draw of the game if combat, questing, voice acting and the world get old quick.Well you can design and make your own armor, weapons, and vehicles in their version of of 3D modeling program, (think Besiege but more time comsuming, and you make the whole item from scrath if you want it custom, or just use the templates and modify them)The other draw is building up a base with your own colony with buildings that help you in gathering resources, building complicated crafting items and a place to defend if you want to go all Tower Defense in this gameThe beginning of the game is so packed with stuff to do, but the late game is filled with so many boring quests it made me quit playing the game, with that said, I will have to not recommend it, even though I enjoyed it for a whileI love the factorio style crafting, building your own planes, helicopters and weapons and colony aspect, even though I can't get my self to finish the game right now.My Score:DPrice: 25Main reason for dislike: It's a jack of trades kind of game, lots of mechanics but none are fully polishedGames that it relates to:Factrio (crafting and colony production)Terraria (Progression early game)Besiege( buidling aspect)"
76561197988091818,Recommended,237870,11287289,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,KilinUSinceSocom,"This game has tons of potential, cant wait to see the final product"
76561198036516169,Not Recommended,237870,14552005,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Voyager,"Awkward and clumsy at best, wait for the full release."
76561198066513413,Not Recommended,237870,29369898,Posted: 19 January,all,Twitch/TheRealEnlaa,"This is one of those games that SHOULD be in early access. For the price they are demanding from you for this, it's unfinished and buggy.LIST OF ISSUES:The character models are not pretty to look at and are constantly shaking on screen (that could be just me). There isn't a whole lot of customization or armor/clothing choices to make up for it either. As someone who cares a bunch about the look of my avatar, having good armor and weapons to look forward too is great gameplay incentive. But that is missing here.At one point, all of the items in the game got their labels switched around. For the rest of my playthrough, dirt blocks were called ""Carrot seeds"" and arrows were ""Motor Tires"" for example.The world is very nice looking and vast, but it's empty and uneventful, besides the plants and trees you can gather. If you're going to make a BIG world, you need to actually HAVE things IN it.The audio work is a mess. Random sounds come from all sides of you and hardly ever sync with the actual direction it's supposed to come from. The ocean could be on my left and the sound of the ocean will come from the right side. Animal sounds and other similar sounds are so much louder and jarring than eveything else and are completely imbalanced. And while we're on the subject, the voice acting is laughable at best.I know this game is focused more on exploration (hence the name) but the ""survival"" part of the game is lacking. It's more of ""meter babysitting"" than it is actual survival. It's just a distraction rather then feeling immersive.The one saving grace of this game is the fact that you can shape the land around you freely. You can dig straight into the ground and dig a tunnel, which I actually found fun. Too bad that and nearly every kind of terra-forming in this game is so damn tedious. Chopping a tree can take so SO long, up to 45 seconds sometimes and the digging in incredibly inconsistent. One time you might dig out a bit of land but then the next consecutive clicks only progress you a few centimeters it seems.In short, the first hour or so made for a good laugh but after that there's not much else to look forward to. And my hopes sunk low when I read around and saw that apparently that haven't done much to improve the game since 2014.So I'll keep following this game, but I'm definately refunding it for now."
,Recommended,237870,22668950,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,red-nyan,"A good game, a bit too grindy for me, but I have supported this since it was first added to steam. Each time I open this game I am delightfully surprised with the new content and interest creatures I find.The game is very complicated and feels a lot like an MMO, resources are usually quite rare, and bullets are even harder to come by, which makes melee combat the most used for me. However most of the aliens on this planet can kill you in 1 or 2 hits. So melee combat is usually a bad idea.To this day I still don't know how to actually make/import a vehicle into my game, I have looked up tutorials but there are so many buttons it is very overwhelming. Overall this game has always been an awesome idea when I look at it, but when I play it I find myself lost."
76561198008420326,Not Recommended,237870,28344998,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jardail,"Had initially reviewed this as a 7 to 8, still buggy.Update on my review.  Game locks up and freezes forcing a hard shut down.  Colony disappears underground after spending hours excavating enough space to place it.  Buildings ""disappear"" without a trace.On a scale of 1 to 10, this is a hard 3.  I do not recommend this game to anyone who has better things to do with their money."
,Not Recommended,237870,29488463,Posted: 25 January,all,[Tech] Knoar,This game was pretty much abandoned. Prematurely released from EA.
,Recommended,237870,26520819,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[GPB]Mika_Z,"The story mode is perfect!+ & -'s+ Good grapichs, better than first+ Good voice on Story Mode+ Not boring, You can build stuff vehicles and sword, and more- Buggy fight with animalsThis game is just perfect!"
,Recommended,237870,26520355,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Potatoscourge,"I bought it on sale, but after playing it I would have been willing to pay full price.However, you should know that this game has a steep learning curve. After playing well over 200 hours I'm still discovering new mechanics and finding new ways of doing things.I highly recommend this game.10/10"
76561198143914920,Recommended,237870,23499006,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jofen1010,"One of the best games I have seen.It is a survival game with crafting and quests.It has a lot of bugs, but the producers of this  game release updates usually and the game itself has changed a lot.So you should give it a try  if you want to spend a bit of your money."
76561198032582216,Recommended,237870,32380903,Posted: 12 June,all,Stiuck007,OMG great game but it like playing with granmas glasses on all fuzzy and not sharp and defined - I got system requirements and some but its so bland and unsharp
76561198136495715,Not Recommended,237870,29212506,Posted: 12 January,all,Kryzzk,"I wish there was a ""neutral"" option but there isn't so I will attempt to remember to update my review If/When new updates come out that change the game.Overall Problems:* The game plays like it was Very rushed with very little planning or attention to detail.  It has a very complex building system but no explanation as to how to use it, this could be tolerated in an Alpha game, but this should have been fixed before the game left Beta.* The dialogue by followers is very cheesy and not vey well thought out as is most of the dialogue in the story.* Folowers don't obey the settings like passive, stay ect. They also can't help you do anything but attack stuff and cut down trees. they do not mine resources or even collect water.* There are no real directions or explanation of anything in game, you have to fumble through figuring out how building in every mode works and map settings if you are playing adventure mode.* No tools to collect resources fast, everything is collected by hand, the colony ""processor"" will collect resources but much slower than you can collect with the lowest level tools.* Everytime night comes around you get tons of notices that your colonists are too tired to work.* Your colony Weapons can destroy your own base parts and your own vehicles.* Colonists don't make their own food, you have to make the food and put it in the storage.* You have to have all the resources for building in your personal inventory even if you are building with the colony replicator.* There are still alot of Alpha level bugs.Story mode:The story is okay, nothing that I would reinstall the game to play again. The conversation text is full of typo's and outright wrong words in places, and the story just ends.Adventure mode:Adventure mode has several settings, but there is nothing explaining map setup, or tool level progression if you choose that option.  There are also not enough options in world genereation.If you start with all items scripts already learned and there is no need to interact wil NPC's at all, if you choose to start without all the scrips already learned and you have to do alot of quests to learn to build what you need to start a colony.Resources in this mode seem to be very deep in the gound with no settings that let you bring them closer to the surface that I was able to find.Multiplayer:I Played on several servers, the major problem I found was that other players can simply enter build mode and take any materials you place, on one server players just picked up and took all my colony buildings without being part of my colony.---------------------------------------------------------------------I will recommend this game if you can find the game on sale for $12 usb or less, don't get me wrong, it's an okay game once you figure out how to do everything but I don't think it's worth the $25 usd price they are asking for it."
76561197970718218,Not Recommended,237870,17119514,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,WickedKae,"Not right now and maybe never.  This game has some good ideas and some alright execution, but in the end it is beyond rough and really janky.  I am not sure how these guys intend to pull this game together because, at the moment, it just doesn't seem like it will come together.  Too many things in this game are just terrible and it really seems as if the team just doesn't have the talent to actually deliver on the promises in a true, polished and fun form.Now we have games like ARK out and this game just seems, well, far behind and unacceptable, especially given how long it has been in EA.Not worth the money, just grab ARK if you need a survival fix."
,Not Recommended,237870,17152473,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Palästinalied on repeat,"Alright, so, I like a lot about this game. building is fun, the world is decently interesting, I had few bugs, and only one of them prevented me from ever completing the main story. (npcs I need to complete one quest involving a certain queen of certain crab monsters won't spawn, even after starting an all new game and playing through a second time)But here lie the problems:-that's the only place TO have fun. either you play an easily bugged, massive open world adventure mode where you get to experience everything or you play the survival mode.-survival mode spawns you in a rather small piece of land with only one biome. In the center of the map is a town, revealing that you are a SECOND generation colonist, taking away all sense of ""roughing it."" All you can do is walk out into the wasteland and get a little iron or copper, but never enough to really build anything good or give a sense of progression. You'll probably end up making a stone hut 10 meters from the town, cowering from enemies you lack the resources to face. this is especially disheartening because it shows that the only way to get to the fun colonies and giant robots part of the game is to play the hours-long adventure mode.-there's a creative mode, but you get the same little patch of land with nothing to do but build with no challenge. pretty standard.-although building is cool, creatures can just knock it down, which means building a home is pretty pointless, because it won't protect you from anything anyway. (unless you want to build a mess of turrets that run out of bullets)-a large portion of the main quest involves walking in straight lines for miles at a time, sometimes just to look at something, then fast travel back. (which costs money)-followers constantly get stuck.-the game has little cutscenes where the camera will pan in to show you something of interest, but these scenes are unnecessarily long.a few days of my life I'll never get back... out of ten."
76561198120580338,Not Recommended,237870,16731560,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,dsulman1,no did not like this game
,Recommended,237870,16230407,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Gin,"This by far is one of my favorite sandbox games. I'd enjoy it more if my computer wasn't so shity. Other than the lag because my computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is awesome. I can make a sword, a gun, or possibly an aircraft that I will crash into the side of a mountan because my flying skill suck! If you have a computer that can run games like this with ease, and like sandbox games, than this is the game for you! Even though I've only played in the build mode thing, I still enjoy it as much as I enjoy playing games like Minecraft, Terraria, Garry's Mod, ect. I recomment that you get this game, if you like having a lot of freedom."
76561198012007939,Recommended,237870,20972675,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Vyndrokos,"This is one of the best open world, crafting, and survival games I have played. I highly recommend playing it. It is also getting updates regularly and the dev team seems to be very active on the game."
,Recommended,237870,30044079,Posted: 19 February,all,DarkFlameFedora,"Quite an amazing game! Love that you can make your own weapons, aromor, vehicles, and objects! Love the colony building asspect as well!"
76561198020645224,Recommended,237870,32180528,Posted: 4 June,all,Aurien,"Decent but not good enough. Get it on sales.Made weapons and armor for sale, Build a castle for my colony with turrets at every corner then siege defence with my castle, needed more resource so created a under ground dungeon and tunneled all the way.Pretty fun game with lots of thing to do."
,Not Recommended,237870,32711142,Posted: 23 June,all,Im_am_Joelio,I played it for about 50 hours. I enjoyed exploring and finding stuff and crafting. I enjoyed the story until I had to build a colony. And I couldn't get the farm working. Working with the machinery is just too hard to figure out. Unless you went online and searched for solutions. I just gave up and uninstalled the game.
76561198365022292,Not Recommended,237870,34728605,Posted: 3 September,all,SmiteMatter,"Says it is compatible with Mac with i5. NO IT ISNT. At least its not compatible with a 2016 MacBook Pro with i5. Game will not even start. Just stuck on the ""Pathea"" loading screen doing nothing forever. Hate it when devs dont even really know what their games work with or dont."
,Recommended,237870,28757006,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Flux,"I have been waiting a while to get this game because for a while it was getting many bad reviews. So when it was on sale for 14$ I jumped on the chance to get it. And I haven't been let down. For a matter of fact I haven't been able to play anything else. This game adds many qualities I enjoy from other games into one; Open world,RTS,FPS to name a few I won't lie and say there aren't a few glitchy things but as a early access it is playable. The colony building and the building in general took a bit to get used to but once I did it became crazy fun. Currently playing Story mode and the story, believe it or not, is really engaging. Totally thought it was going to go one way and was taken a different direction. I find myself doing quests more or less just to see what happens next. The crafting system also took a second to get used to. I am used to minecraft and ark type crafting. All in all I say if you enjoy space/futuristic,crafting,building games give this one a chance I don't think you will be disappointed either. Oh and as for the graphics I use a crappy lap top from wal mart on low graphics and it runs fine and the quality isnt bad on fast settings."
76561198060788347,Recommended,237870,29096092,Posted: 7 January,all,Ezmia,"Its a fun game, I got to play supa woman when i jump or is sun wukong, well anyways, I jump really high, even on different pcs. good game overall 9/10 more updates pls"
,Not Recommended,237870,29751831,Posted: 6 February,all,Dark Shockwave,The game is poorly optomized and the world generation could use serious work. If it were me I would have perfected the world generation before releacing it onto the world.
76561198031407677,Not Recommended,237870,32711004,Posted: 23 June,all,esx9,"Worst game ever. Controls are like floating on the moon and you get stuck on invisible corners. Graphics are crappy but forgivable if the rest of the game was good. Spawned into game and got stuck in a hole, dug out and got frozen into place. Logged out and in, got frozen on loading. Tried another server, same thing. Tried to host my own.... need to forward ports on my router?? ♥♥♥♥ that. Cya later, got better things to play.Ps, tutorial sucks, gushes a bunch of useless text, but when it comes to actually telling you what action you need to complete to get to the next part of the tutorial the tip isn't there."
76561197993172532,Not Recommended,237870,34378079,Posted: 20 August,all,Butthurt Joe™,I really dont like it. Most for the performance of the engine.
,Recommended,237870,29086661,Posted: 7 January,all,Manslaughter of Ravens,"Still in its early stages, so it contains many bugs and glitches, but overall innovative gameplay and mechanics."
,Not Recommended,237870,34456798,Posted: 24 August,all,Ariiace,Don't recommend. Not entertaining. If looking for good space games either invest an arm in Star Citizen or a leg for Empyrion. Recommend Empyrion.
76561198130550373,Recommended,237870,24400444,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jgervs2102,"So I havent been on in a while, great concept and game itself. Wondering with No Man's Sky out, are you guys still planning on interplanetary travel?"
,Not Recommended,237870,10015130,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Caine,"Not worth the price tag at the moment. Hopefully at launch this game runs smoothly, and is less consistently buggy."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,237870,26019534,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sinatr,"I played game again, because I recall it's potential. TLDR; wait another year or maybe two.Game has lots of problems. Many are solved over course of development, but there are still so many things are left before it's ready. I can't recommend it now. Wait year or two. I seen many dead early access games to recommend to buy this even with discount.Good things:- story mode is totally playable and enjoyable, quests are much easier to progress, storyline is intriguing,too many will die though;- adventure mode feels really good, rising skills, hunting, fighting, making money, exploring;- editor with templates and community made content is cool, it's easy to figure out things by looking at someone's creations;- game doesn't crash at all (could be subjective as I had my PC upgraded);Bad things:- it needs polishing;- it need bugfixes.I am really up to play adventure mode, probably in multiplayer with friends, but I have too strong beta-tester-feelings when playing it. It's simply not ready yet.Below is my old review, pros are still, cons are partially still true (which is very sad).---I must say it's very pretty and addictive game. But in current state I can't recommend it. It has huge potential, idea with building own colony and surviving is cool. But will it become a good game someday? I don't know.Pros:- huge world, different biomes, fauna and flora;- tier-progressing: wood, stone, etc.- many interesting concepts: items builder, monorail, colony-management;- vehicles!Cons:- nothing (!) in game is polished yet, anything you do will smell alpha-version: digging (animation, sound and what is happening is desync), chopping trees (and looking inside empty model of tree);- crappy UI: HD resolution will blow your eyes, ""moving"" windows (when you want to drag item), crapy inventory design (tabs in 3 categories);- poor perfomance and high demanding engine (it crashes every hour no matter which settings);- very steer learning curve without much assistance (save-load a lot or dig a lot, up to you);- balance is poor: lack of farming motivation (digging 1000 resources is basically enough until end of game and it take only few minutes to get so much), lack of exploring motivation (you will find nothing interesting);- quests: be ready to stumble or use reload when doing any quest, they are buggy as a hell;- vehicles."
76561198080278933,Not Recommended,237870,25267164,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lilbobchicago,Really wanted to like this game but between loose controls (the character visibly stops after you finish pressing the movement button) awkward UI and controls (really? controlling your camera with your interact key?) and a design system that desperatley needs a tutorial and overhaul I cannot recommend it at this time.
76561198002122976,Recommended,237870,30491268,Posted: 13 March,all,albalma,"I think this is one of the most imaginative games available.  I have had perhaps too much fun exploring this world.  Of course, the game is still under development but it has come a very long way.  I am sure anyone buying it will have many hours of fun exploration.  The developers have always released a more or less monthly update and if they keep up with the updates the final final version should be amazing.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After the release and latest versions, I have to say this is probably the best game I have ever played that has given me the most satisfaction.  The only unsatisfactory part is that the story ends and they haven't come up with the rest or a new installment of the game.  Beautiful graphics, I love flying around either with the glider or with the aircraft that you can design yourself.  Great imagination and a lot of work has been put into this game and it shows."
76561198046473346,Not Recommended,237870,34109460,Posted: 8 August,all,Oscar Of Astora,i cannot recommend this game it is still to buggy and does not have enough content so it gets boring pretty quick.
,Not Recommended,237870,29459395,Posted: 24 January,all,DJ76,"I really wants to reecommend this game to my other friends who loved a mix genre such as this game, however, not yet. Other pros/cons already being said by other player in this page so, i just put minor cons on this.a} Map, Teams, can you move the map to the down left side of the screen if you rather not to fix them?  By doing this, those player who can afford buying descent monitor, won't have to hurt their neck at the same time as the map is to small compare with the rest of the game picture on the screen.b} mission marker, please find a way to select 1 mission marker at the time instead going through those headache mission selection on the right side. sure you can make those mission marker is dissapear by clicking on menu-mission-and uncheck eye indicator on any mission you not wish to do just yet.others minor had been said enough by other players."
,Recommended,237870,26550870,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shuc49,This game feels alot like a mmorpg. You do quests and advance the storyline but also have a large degree of freedom to do what you want and explore the world. Adventure mode and multiplayer also adds alot of replayability to this game. Highly recommended if you enjoy open world sandbox games with rpg elements..
76561198332158180,Not Recommended,237870,34784922,Posted: 6 September,all,Lost_dog,"every thing was to far apart, story moved at a snails pace. not for me."
76561198149232074,Recommended,237870,31871134,Posted: 20 May,all,willderyes,"This is the first review I have written a review. Not because I haven't played a number of games, but because I've never been inspired to write one. This game has inspired me. This game is simple yet complex. It is not perfect, no game is. It will not please everyone, but I think it will please the honest sandlot, explorer, survival player. By honest player I mean one who doesn't expect a 100% perfect game; one who is willing to adapt to the games paramiters and work within them. This game is actually a pleasure to play.To be honest I became a little flustrated at first, but I think that was because I have played so many space explorer-survival games and I thought I knew what to expect. I restarted several times to get the right feel with my character and some of the quests. Then I calmed down and dialed it back and just moved through the game. If you're one of these hot shots who has to see how fast you can finish the game don't waste you money. But if you're one who wants to enjoy what someone else has created, this game is for you.I think that one of the best things going for Planet Explorers is it's future. I really believe this game as potential for DLC's up the Kazoo.I can only hope that the Devs realize this.The crafting and building is great. Maybe a little intimidating for some, but if you slow down, take your time and READ instructions you'll do fine. But read stuff and take your time.I strongly advise to play the Story first. It is a tutorial is a sense. The story may not be a deep as some would like it, but it has some very good connections to real life in the 2000's.  Then play the Adventure. One builds on another.Skyrim it is not, but $19.99 you can't go wrong. In fact I have dropped Skyrim and Fallout for the moment just to concentrate on this game. Even my buddies a WOT wonder where I am.I have not finished the game (shows you how inspired I am) but I couldn't wake to tell others about Planet Explorers. Take from a gamer since the days Pong and Pacman, this one is a KEEPER!!PS. I love the soundtrack!!!"
,Recommended,237870,32021273,Posted: 28 May,all,zombienerd,"New to this game, about 30 hours in, and I am quite smitten with this little gem.  Graphics are decent, gameplay is solid, I have barely encountered any bugs (there were a few mission progression issues, but they seem to resolve themselves well), and it plays quite nicely on mid range hardware from a few years ago on both Windows and Linux.  Story Mode and Adventure are both enjoyable.  I still need to get a few friends to join me in multiplayer, but overall, I'd rate it a solid 8/10."
76561198013808107,Recommended,237870,9631905,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,evolution.400,"Personally, and professionally, I'd wait till this game is no longer Early Access. Don't get me wrong, it's a great game and shows a ton of potential. Using Voxels beyond what Minecraft has done is AWESOME, and the graphics, gameplay, combat, feel natural.With that said however, it needs a bit more polish, it's a tad glitchy, even if most of the game stoppers have been killed. There's the little bugs, the annoying, 'I was in a cave digging rock and poof! I'm outside!' or 'why is that ten ton beast on top of a tree 1/5 his size?' minor grammer bugs need work, dialog voices need better volume as you can't hear them... at all. More things need added, ect ect ect.Again, whats there is great, what can be is better, but right now... wait to buy. This will be my official review (FOR NOW), it's a great concept, and great game play, but it needs a wee bit more time for some polish. If you can ignore the 'minor issues', however, buy this game right away. Otherwise, wait, trust me, add this to your wish list, in 6 to 8 months, buy it then, it'll be worth the wait."
,Recommended,237870,10809259,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mister_krister,Amount of bugs = not even funny
76561198049863190,Recommended,237870,11366529,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,krys,This game is simply awesome. Its got a nice singleplayer and a fun multiplayer experience. Warmly recommended to those who love voxel games
,Recommended,237870,11441902,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,<CG> Clay,great game but the multiplayer never works.
,Recommended,237870,9485349,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,StormSpiritGB,This games hella fun but the multiplayer needs way more content maybe even a open to play the story with friends would be nice other wise is kinda boring
76561198040557124,Recommended,237870,9577320,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lazero,"Its great..build or hunt, mine or explore, kill or be killed, but hey you gotta eat. and meat is a good currency. just let you imagination go, sandbox or story mode, its looks and plays very good, can adjust view, and choose camera cause some work better for doing different things, like fighting in 1st person to me is easier to turn and move faster.I can see myself putting a lot of time in this game. its worth the price."
,Recommended,237870,9636942,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Ryan790790,This game Is Very Very Enjoyable. If your a person who gets bored of minecraft and such other open world games this is the game for you. In the first five minutes of this game I loved it. There are some downsides likes lag/glitchyness on coop but its in Alpha stage so buy it before and goes up in price and help out the devolpers fix the problems.
76561198122634189,Recommended,237870,9640115,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,lilboidraco,one word........beautiful
76561198082289969,Recommended,237870,9755255,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Darkodiak,This game definitely has some potential to become even more awesome. I love the fact there is already so many things to start off with and create. This game is like one of my dream games to play building collecting and recruiting people to help you. The fights are amaing and the detail really gets into it. 8/10 my opinion
76561198119104782,Recommended,237870,9844384,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,rubbersnail,very fun open game lots of space for the dev's to expand the mechanics. one thing that would help for me would be better instructions (ie. mining for tin at the crater and how to find some stuff) overall great game keep up the good work
,Recommended,237870,9578655,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ASHarwood,"With 20hrs under the belt I can safely say that this game is fantastic.  There is so much to do and so much life to the game.  I will break it down by features.Graphics:The graphics are great.  There isn't as much control over what features pertaining to graphics are used but enough to make sure your system can run it properly.  At full quality it looks stunning.  Light permeating through tree leaves, a nice not-over-done bloom effect, AA, it all works great and runs smooth.  Very pleasing to the eyes.  The voxel engine handles very well and even with an older video card, the game handles it all very well and even displays very far into the distance (im using a nvidia 560ti).    The weather is handled very nice and looks good.  Night time is actual night time.  You can hardly see at pitch black and need a torch or light.Characters:It is great that they allow you to create your own custom character like sims or elderscrolls games.  The NPCs are active but not to the extent of say skyrim where they have jobs.  They sort of just stand around and walk here and there. You can talk to them and get a lot of story background which is great.  You can even enlist some of them to fight beside you and you can equip them with armor and weapons and whatnot.  The mercenaries have their own set of special skills too.  Some are great with swords and others with guns and so on.  Adds nicely to who you choose to follow you.  I like that the mercenaries reappear beside you when you get too far from them.Story:Great story line.  Makes you want to learn more and more about what is going on.  This coming from a guy that usually is not interested in story.  I found myself wanting to know what happened.  That doesn't happen often at all.Sound/music:The sound was good.  The music adjusted appropriately depending on where you were and whether or not you were in the area of a hostile enemy. It was a little glitchy but I've read they are fixing that.  Sound effects fit weapons and whatnot.  It could use more attention to vehicles and sounds but overall still good.Quests:The quests are your run of the mill quests.  They are good and add to the the story.  They don't always feel quite at all like a grind.  Some can be, but that is normal it seems.  Other quests are more detailed.  I will say there are some bad bugs with some of the quests that require a npc to follow you.  That npc is prone to get stuck at a tree or rock and unlike the mercs that you hire, the quest npcs don't reappear at your side if you move too far away.  I have found that if you have a quest npc with you, if you bring out a vehicle and get in it, the npc will rellocate to your vehicle which is an unintended fix.  This leads to problems early game especially when you are travelling long distances.  When you have quest npcs with you, you can't fast travel.  If they get unexpectedly stuck in a tree you have to travel all the way back to retreive them.  This can be frustrating. There are some quests that you receive early in the game that won't be completed until later.  Many have had problems with this.  I imagine it will be fixed in later versions given this game is only early access.  SOme quests are a little buggy but that is mostly due to the fact that npcs end up getting stuck in random places.  There was one quest involving two npcs and I couldn't complete the quest because one of the npcs randomly got stuck in a mountain side and I couldn't get him down until I dug out the mountain side.Building:The game contains a lot of building which is great.  Kind of like minecraft.  You can make your own weapons and vehicles and whatnot.  You require schematics to build things and sometimes require to build one thing in order to build another.  It doesn't get overly complicated though.  The difficulty of the build is often representative of the usefulness of what you are building.  For instance, you can't just easily build a helicopter.  It requires you build a cockpick, rotors, engines, energy cells, etc.  It is a very intuitive building system that takes a little time to get use to but once you are it is very easy to use.  There is a lot of fun to be had.  A lot of creativity that can be used.  I will say the game could do better at helping you understand the proper needs of a vehicle.  I made a dune-buggy type car and I had all the pieces but in game I got this red text at the bottom that told me the car is overpowered or something.  It never really told me why it was overpowered or how to fix it.  The car still worked fine as it was.Enemies:There are a lot of animals and enemies in the game.  Many of the animals are docile until you attack them which is nice.  Some of the animals are hostile from the start and it is fun and interesting to see which animals will attack on site and which animals will run right beside you.  The enemies are dangerous too.  Some prefer to sit back and snipe you.  Others will come slinging swords and whatnot.  Some will even mount turrets and will sling rockets and bullets at your face.  The animals and enemies come in all shapes and sizes and the size of the mob usually indicates how dangerous they are.  There are a few points where you fight some extremely large enemies and they can prove quite hard to defeat.  I will say the ranged mobs seem a lot more easy to conquer given they can be dodged easily.Overall:Wonderful game with a ton of potential.  It already has a great deal built into and most of what will probably come from later versions is just more content.  I hope they fix some of the not-so-obvious bugs mentioned above (I am sure they will).  Creating your own camp and playing tower defense was really fun.  Being able to craft cars and helicopters and then drive them around was extremely fun.  The game does a great job easing you into the features and concepts of the game.  Very fun and leaves you wanting more (it is in alpha so that is to be expected).  I look forward to future updates and highly recommend you buying this game now if you enjoy rpg and open world sandbox games like terraria and minecraft.  There is a lot of replayability built into the game and right now about 20hrs worth of straight story line with some random quests thrown in.  It is a very balanced game."
76561197980874017,Recommended,237870,10146079,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Moving Target,"Very VERY slick. Looks good. Unfortunately the simple thing like building are tedious and annoying. For example, how do you place a door, and when you inevitably put it in the wrong place how do you delete it? Simple questions, NOT simple answers. So much potential, might bother re-playing in a few patches time IF the simple stuff is sorted. Oh and how the hell do you RUN??????"
76561198019732550,Recommended,237870,10835570,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kannon,On and off have played this game for a while as you can see :) It is brilliant for people with imagination bit of patience and like action (which can kill if not prepared)If you want to build the toys you always wanted as a boy this is the game for you :)  The game gives you the opportunity to do this even in story mode.It is down to you how you can produce some really good gear. Albeit people are making incredible ISO's which you can download but need the resources to get them to your character.This game does it for me because it is not full of silly blood and guts rubbish. Also there is strategy/ tactics involved when you get to build your colony.The Devs/ have now sorted stuff out with old save games I think from vers .075 so you won't have to start all over again.The story line now has moved a little further for those who played 7.5 I have no Idea as not there yet :)To all mums and dads out there this teaches how to use most of the skills you need to keep you solvent. Bonus is there aren't any zombies :)MARIA is out there somewhere?I Know  a plot is in there.LOve your game Dev's
76561197971203315,Recommended,237870,9662579,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,VG_Elder,"For any Minecraft fans this game is a must buy!!  Next gen crafting, mining, bulding, and some cool NPC's to play with.  They took what everyone was looking for in a next gen sandbox game and put into this game.  The game is very playable in its Early Access version to this date and its only going to get better.  The game has an in game creation system to make guns, swords, cars, flying machince, etc....  The mining looks very realistic and the addtion of a minreal scanner make for a futuristic feel.  Hope to see many great new things from this group and this game is bound to be a sucess."
,Recommended,237870,11327473,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Leonardo da Bitchi,"Currently not too much to the game besides the Adventure Single Player experience, or building. The multiplayer is extremely lacking of players and servers that allow you to play. I still like the game though, I hope the multiplayer system is improved later on."
,Recommended,237870,11370280,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,AgitoVortex,absolutly love this game. And its only getting better!
76561197990807827,Recommended,237870,11379329,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,A.I. Lucio,Fun but has some bugs with quests. Should improve eventually
,Recommended,237870,11815146,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,reinhart_sariel,"I was surprised to find the early access alpha of this game already has most of the features I was interested in! While the game is still not complete this alpha presents a clear proof of concept about what the final product will be like and I'm very excited about how stable, playable, and deep the gameplay is at this stage of development."
76561198012929364,Recommended,237870,9630220,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Nuclearbomber,good game but needs to be more user friendly and mining it way to hard and gathering takes forever to build anything you need.. please try to update it to be more user friendly and game was way over priced.
76561198007138298,Recommended,237870,11386751,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dr. Gigglestein,"(Early Access Review) Already a really fun game, and will be even better upon release. Very similar UI/ feel of an old MMO like ""asherons call"" but huge, singleplayer (multi fully does exist, I have not tried), with mining, crafting, hunting, and a great building system for vehicles and equipment. It even has a colony building and management system! Visually not bad at all, not amazing, but it is always improving and sometimes when the light catches trees or a vista correctly I still catch myself amazed by the world and its beauty. All of this is the foundation on a fun and interesting world, with decent missions and NPC writing, and a very imaginative and diverse ecosystem of wacky alien flora and fauna."
76561198018460141,Recommended,237870,11497863,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Hinterxgames,"I highly reccomend this game. While it may seem minecraftey at it's basis, it is so much more. Part Minecraft, part Don't Starve, mixed with an RPG and amazing graphics. Not mention, a low price tag. This game has an amazingly bright future and I await for the next build! It even offers 3 modes with Builder, Adventure and the Story (i've quite enjoyed the story so far)."
76561197975178539,Recommended,237870,11617088,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,crs117,"To say this game is pretty incredible would be an understatement, but that comes with some major caveats. I am very happy that i paid to support this early access project and i cannot wait for the final product, but i am not sure i am going to allow myself to play further till they expand the content.What I mean by content is not how much the game has to offer but, the way in which the progression takes place. I basically do not want to ruin the experience of this title before it is ready to be enjoyed. While understanding that this game is in alpha right now, in story mode it took less than 3 hours to progress directly from wooden swords to handguns and auto turrets (including processor production for the turrets). This basically meant skipping stone, iron and copper swords/shields/bows varieties, not to mention the countless other recipes that i have completely never had to use.When this game's story mode is quest complete and balanced, i can imagine the necessity of a more balanced progression requiring the use of most recipes encountered.While the game runs pretty reliably, i have had a couple of crashes when switching out of game mode to look up what kind of creature i need to kill to complete a quest. Other bugs seem to be lack of indicating where to click to harvest certain things, text hidden behind mouse cursor, really dumb ai and animals floating in mid air. While the graphics and lighting are stellar the grass textures they are using are animated 2d sprites that rotate normal to the camera, ala trees in mario 64.Pro's:incredible graphicsbeautifully created alien worldfull featured terrain editing/buildinglots and lots and lots and lots of contentCon's:bugs with ai, graphics crashesnot completebalancing issues (too easy)Bottom line this game looks to be a major winner, but i am going to hold out a bit and catch up on some backlog so i can enjoy a more complete experience in a few months."
76561197998492220,Recommended,237870,12482329,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Flutterrock,"Note: Summary at the bottom of the review.Your colony ship just hit something in orbit, just as you arrived at your destination. Your lifeboat pod has crashed down, and the only other human occupant is injured and need medical attention. You have no weapons, barely any food, and your only tool is a simple knife. Welcome to Planet Explorers.Luckily, the above is not a huge problem, because this game lets you craft all of the above, and not just craft it, you can actually build your own guns and transport, chosing exactly how they should look by adding base parts (a gun has to have at least one muzzle and a grip) and then building the shape of your gun piece by piece from there.This is an Alpha game, and like all games still in early access, that means that things are not optimized. You will experience lag. You will find bugs (both the kind that tries to eat you, and the kind that just annoys you). And the grass...is awful. I recommend turning it off. Look beyond that though, and you find an exellent sandbox game that gives you a lot of freedom as to how you play and what you do. It is, even in its current ""rough"" state, a better game than many similar games that are considered a finished product. In short, it is a FUN game, that hopefully has a bright future!Pro:*A huge sandbox game with deformable terrain.*A very good (if a bit complex) crafting system.*An interesting setting.Con (these may be fixed before launch):*The grass is simply awful, but can be turned off.*Lag is not uncommon, especially if you've built a lot.*Still needs polish and optimization.Summary:If you are in the market for a 3D survival Sci-Fi Sandbox game, this is a solid choice that shows a lot of promise, even in its current unfinished state. If the developers sticks to it, this could easily become THE survival sandbox game to play. Even ""as is"" there is a lot to explore and do, and you'll likely have fun doing it! 6/10 -Recommended.For more recomendations and reviews:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/strandedkerbonaut#curation"
,Recommended,237870,9709519,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,SpicyG,"This game is probably one of the better Alpha games I've played. All the others get boring an hour or two in due to lack of content. Well in my 13 hours logged into it, I still am finding new things, new creatures, ect. Sure its a complicated game, theres alot too it, and just like any other alpha, it has its bugs. It would be nice to have dedicated servers and all instead of having to port forward your IP though. All in all, 8/10. Besides, there aren't many games out there where you can literally make your weapons and vehicles 600% custom."
76561198087208321,Recommended,237870,9803626,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Adam-of-Sparta,"GREAT!!!So i've played Planet Explorers for about a week now and honestly, i haven't fallen in love with a game like this since Minecraft first came out! Planet Explorers is one of the most emensive and awe-inspiring games i've played in a long time. with a unique building system, interesting story line, and even the ability to bring your own creations to life within the actual game! Planet Explorers REALLY knocks it out of the park!!! however the game does have its cons, things like bugs, glitches, and a few things that need to be tweeked for the gamers experience. I ask you to have an open mind however, as the game is still in its Alpha phase, Planet Explorers has A LOT going for it, and from what ive seen has the potential to posibly be as big as minecraft, bigger perhaps!"
,Recommended,237870,10736245,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cushuito,Lot's of fun for anyone with an imagination!!! Let your creatity soar!!! and then blow up some aliens!
76561198021789386,Recommended,237870,11273603,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ToastedWookiee,"Game has been constantly improving with gameplay and bug fixes. There is a lot of potential in the open world gameplay provided and the developers seem to be taking the game in the right directions.There are a lot of improvements currently still needed, and I have been mostly playing the survival/adventure mode which already provides fun exploration gameplay. Few improvements still need to be made to the world generation and the world map in this gamemode currently.Item creation, building and resource gathering are solid, providing a stable progression, which although still needs tweaks, gives fun gameplay which blends in perfectly with the exploration providied by the game.Overall the game provides fun and interesting gameplay that will only get better as the developers continue to work on it."
76561197970931755,Recommended,237870,11384069,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,owl99,"loving this game so far, beautiful environments, fun crafting, lots to do, interesting plots."
,Recommended,237870,11385604,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Yushatak,"This is pretty damn amazing. I'm 3 hours into the story and haven't tried any other modes yet, and I'm already impressed."
,Recommended,237870,12320121,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zazecki,"Writing as of a0.9This is definitely an early access game. It is nowhere near completion, but is definitly worth keeping an eye on. It may cost a bit much for what it is currently, but if it keeps getting updated and the developers put time into it, it could be an amazing game."
76561197965446228,Recommended,237870,12532883,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Drakinor,"Very well made game, especially for alpha. There are still a few bugs, but from my experience (20 hours on record as of this writing) none have been game breaking. So the good and the bad:Good:Good sandbox with a story lineDecent graphics and well textured ""alien fauna and flora""Powerful item maker (although somewhat limited) allows for creation of your own weapons/vehiclesVast amounts of resources that can be combined into other parts etc making for a rich and rewarding crafting systemSeemingly active Dev teamNeutral:Ok voice acting, not the best but still not badSometimes NPC's can be annoying or in your way other times very helpfullack of ability to make your own armor types (in creative mode)Adventure mode (the free roam survival) is somewhat lacking in depthBuild mode devoid of NPC's and animalsStill in AlphaBad:Can be somewhat glitchy (rubberbanding NPCs, sometimes textures disappear from ground)Adventure/Build mode procedural generation distance appears to be fairly close so lots of stuff ""popping"" in including the landscapeConclusion: Excellent for an alpha/early access with lots of features implemented and working well. Shows extreme amounts of promise/potential as long as devs keep working hard at it. Worth the $15 I dropped on it while it was on sale for sure, try the demo on the dev website and if crafting/sandbox/survival games are your thing this is DEFINITELY a game for you."
76561197982989481,Recommended,237870,12545664,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,good game but it needs a lot of work to be perfect :)
76561198011447279,Recommended,237870,12589748,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,meeko T,"this is a game where you explore planets, and stuff. Also milk."
,Recommended,237870,10942689,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ICY - イーサン,"This is game is worth every single penny. This Game Has it up and downs but with all the up you dont even care about the Downs lol. This is Game is kinda like minecraft You Bloody make a FLoating House or a tank, BattleShips and even Helocopters! This Game is straight out Amazing 10/10!"
76561197961076890,Recommended,237870,11367408,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Radical Edward,Fun game with lots of content already. Great value now and will only get better.
,Recommended,237870,11367769,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Shindou,"If you love Minecraft, you will love this game. To me, it is what Minecraft could have been. If you are an artistic person, you can create so much more than just buildings made of cubes in this game, you can create your own weapons and vehicles as well.The ISO Editor, the thing you use to create new items and structures, is very flexible and powerful, I would say it is an easier to use version of Maya, with obviously less features, but still really close to a full 3D Modeling tool.If you aren't as artistic (like me) there is plenty to do, the mining and combat systems are extremely natural feeling, when you swing your pick, you remove a section of land in a non cube shape, better picks mine faster and a larger area. You can dig an actual moat around your fortress if you so desire.All in all, I would highly recommend this game to any and all fans of Open World Sandbox/Survival."
76561197972259464,Recommended,237870,11369676,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Scooby4ever,"This is a keeper for me for sure. Havent had so much fun in ages to explore, craft, survive, build. If you enjoy story survival and crafting gamest you should give this game a try for sure.Grafix is is nice and gameplay is easy as soon you have dig through the controlls and listend to the tutorial. The world you land on is a living world with animals and people scattered around the planet. Find blueprints and craft amazing new stuff. Eat to stay alive and heal your wounds. Do missions to unlock even more blueprints and help and find the people scattered on the planet.You will even get more out of this game playing it with a couple of friends.When this game was in early stage it was quite demanding wich ofcourse has changed over the updates. Today its reallly and enjoyment to play when you understand the game mechanics.Ps. Developer thx please accept my love for the game. ;)"
76561198011744926,Recommended,237870,11375639,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Captain Mlargh,"good game, with a lot more to come by the looks of things... although i bought it yesterday and its now on sale so im a little annoyed at my self"
76561197971010531,Recommended,237870,11403216,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,LoveJoy,"Best Alpha I have ever seen.This game could end up defining it's own genre in time.Can only recommend this to all, as there are some for almost every one in this came. Fight, create, collect, build, strategy, tactic and much more."
76561197970764389,Recommended,237870,11445460,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nemrok,"This game is awesome and fun, buy it :)"
,Recommended,237870,11484471,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Krel,This Game is worth the Beta glitches it is a fun game
,Recommended,237870,11798765,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,drw7,"This is the first review I've ever written and after playing more than 50 hours with Planet Explorers, I felt compelled to write this review.  First, the specs:  I'm playing the latest build, A0.831, on an i7-2600K, 16Gg RAM, and a GeForce 760 Ti.  I absolutely love playing Planet Explorers.  The combination of creativity, exploration, and surprises are what do it for me.  The huge world seems filled with so much potential and I'm constantly being pleased with the next ""big thing to do"".  The game is graphically beautiful, and I've only crashed maybe twice in the 50+ hours I've played it. The progression from simple tools and resources, to building a colony is smoothly done, such that I never feel overwhelmed.I enjoy building structures, fortifying them, defending them, and expanding them.  I've only played in Story mode and I like how the story expands the gameplay for you.Even though the game is Alpha, I highly recommend it.  I got this game on sale for $15.00 and have had over 50 hours of enjoyment from it.  How can you beat that deal?When I'm away from the game I find myself coming up with ideas for what I'll try and do next in Planet Explorers.For instance:  I made a crude heliocopter and was flying back to my colony one fine day when I was attacked by some dragon-like, vulture, flying creature.  He destroyed my helicopter!  So later on while having lunch, I thought ""I'm going to build a much bigger, attack chopper, with a front-mounted cannon.  I'll show that flying freak who's the boss!""It's these kinds of experiences both unscripted, and scripted, that keep me coming back to PE!"
76561198024434165,Recommended,237870,11802094,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Free Like GNU,"I put almost 100 hours on this game in the course of a few of weeks.  If you like 3D modeling and being able to make and immediately be able to play with your creations in game and share them with others then you will get hooked.You can host or play  persistant worlds where players can come and go exploring randomly generated terrain and unique wildlife.The game is alpha still but VERY playable and few bugs.  I've played for hours at a time without a glitch or crash, though currently the game may run out of memory after some hours until the 64-bit version is ready.There is a little bit of story in single player, but I enjoy hopping on multiplayer servers and meeting others in game.UPDATE: over 650 hours in and it's still my favorite game despite whatever bugs come and go through its early development. Pathea is doing a great job listening to players and making things right for us!This game has excellent support for the Linux community.  There is a native linux client and a headless server that is very easy on resources, even when run on a small VPS."
,Recommended,237870,11838684,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,⊰๖ۣۜVαℓуℓєι ↗↙,"Incredible game. Voxel based world with not only classic fort building, but the ability to create your own vehicles and weapons in an awesome editor. Currently a little too easy in terms of how fast you advance, AI difficulty and survival, but it has a TON of promise."
76561198087640695,Recommended,237870,11852219,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,BrokenBard,"Amazing so far, and plenty of promise in its future."
,Recommended,237870,11994643,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pistol Packin Mama,Highly recommend this game if you like minecraft type or Skyrim type games. I have over 600 hours in this game and still excited to play. Totally worth the money. It is AWESOME!!!!!Update: Still an awesome game after release. 1800+ hours and st5ill going.
76561197993339078,Recommended,237870,10596891,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Herb,Great game. Still in works tho.
,Recommended,237870,10601894,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spooky,"Very creative, lots of room to explore and pretty much create your own way. However there is a strong learning curve and will take quite awhile to get the hang of! If you want Non-blocky Minecraft, I'd say this is the way to go."
,Recommended,237870,10792160,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lashy,"Even in Alpha this game is amazing! I don't know why it isn't more well known and I hope more of my friends get it, it's like if minecraft had a baby with a sci-fi colonial setting. . . with beautiful graphics! (For a randomly generated FULLY CHANGABLE TERRAIN game) you can dig holes, mine minerals, cut trees, gather plants and you can create ENTIRELY customizable vehicles, objects, and weapons! Like. . . by using a 3d model editor build into the game with weapon parts! It's f**king awesome! Please give this game a try if you want a survival/colonization game like a pretty minecraft with LOTS more crafting depth!!!"
76561198017131000,Recommended,237870,11272680,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Syth83,I normaly dont post reviews but this game took me by suprise ive plays a lot of sand box games some good some bad and others that where unplayable. This game ranks among one of the best ive played in a long time. its like thay took the best parts of all the other sand box games and put them in to one package. plus thay put out a great starting story line most other wait till the end and ad it as a side note now ive only played the single player but i can tell the coop is going to be amazing aswell im telling all my friends to buy this game and support the dev's.Thank you for all the hard work and keep at it!!!!!
,Recommended,237870,11366777,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,DFJ,"Many things to like: lots of freedom, digging, very open world, quests, an engaging plot, building with both prefab and various blocks.Similarly crafting includes both classic recipe and freeform voxel-oriented forms, with more items being possible to craft freeform over time, as the devs find balanced rules for them.As with other early access games performance can be a bit sketchy in certain poorly optimized cases, but the game is entirely playable on the reccomended hardware.A few bugs, but this is not unexpected for early access.Because the game uses a bit more aggressive gpu computation, it will appreciate a flaky gpu less than some lucky games. This is likely to remain the case, and even become true of more other games as time passes anyway, though. :pPersonally, I'd prefer if the design editor felt more integrated with the game - right now it feels much more like a meta process which messes with one's feel of existing in the world a bit. not sure how much this can be improved, given that the editor needs to be usable from *outside* of play as well. I hope they find some sweet compromises, though. :)Overall I quite enjoyed the game in it's current state, and I look forward to playing it more as development progresses, and again whenever it releases."
,Recommended,237870,11384329,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lad Blocker,"i saw an adorable creature, so i dug a hole and put it in.i dug the hole too close to the ocean, and it filled with water...."
,Recommended,237870,11412342,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,kiLzeD,Amazing game
76561198121161803,Recommended,237870,12482225,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,buff the p90,"""Planet Explorers"" is a voxel based game, often compared to Minecraft or Terarria. However, it is an entirely different game with a different focus and mood. It has an exstensive crafting system where YOU plan EVERY block to your liking, which is a real breath of fresh air and adds some creativity to the mix. Please note this game is early access, so it has flaws. A major flaw is the stiff combat. It is DEFINATELY a work in progress. However, it has the potential to turn in Monster Hunter combat, which if you haven't played is a game about hunting monsters(duh) with very fluid and energetic combat. Although I haven't personally played it much and it is early access, I can definitely reccomend it, at least for now."
,Recommended,237870,12502056,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,eggs are toast,"I've played this game for about 5 hours and the only thing keeping me from playing it more is writing this review. Adventure mode is fun as hell, and I can't wait to play this in multiplayer with my friends. There are some things needed to be improved on such as the ability to make a map in adventure mode and I feel the creator shouldn't rely on you putting them into your game, it should be put in there by default along with the ability to save it and input it into a new game if you desire. Haven't really gotten into The story mode as I've been only playing Adventure mode.The final question is, would I buy this game again? Not for 25 dollars. Early Access shouldn't really ever be more than 15 bucks especially if the game isn't entirely finished, but that's just me. I bought this game while it was on sale on 10/14/14 for 15 dollars and I don't regret it what so ever.I'll re-review this when it finishes, but for now I'll give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,237870,12517750,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,shapes345,I had my doubts being early access but i wasnt disapointed. worth it.
76561198073735477,Recommended,237870,9581944,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,impact_bias,"A building game currently under development.Storyline is nice.  Multiplayer needs some help, but it has great potential.I love the fact that you can build your own stuff and use it, i however wish you could take those items before you build them and ""try"" them for free in a training ground area, something like what Arma did. another thing is that you can build your own stuff but there are so many restrictions to doing so.  for instance, why can't i have a heavy armoured vehicle with 12 wheels? <which would be a tank, ""heavy armoured vehicle"">  more so why can't i build a gun with more that 3 barrels or one with 2 grips... the creations system leaves alot to be desired.All that aside, if you love to explore, killing, gathering, and create with only what you have gathered this is your game.Multiplayer requires less of that, more of getting to a minable, profitable, ore quickly without dying with the trader being 'at will' you can sell everything you mine and get all the good gear in no time at all.  the biggest thing i have an issue with on multiplayer is that player to player interactives.  ie.  i can't use ladders from other players, i load under someone's builing after being fast traveled there,  and so on...  There is also no damn clock on the mutiplayer side.  and it seems you get more weather effects during the day time which makes lighting a must.All and all at this moment of the dev. of this game, it still is fun to play and challenging enough to want to keep playing."
,Recommended,237870,9601856,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mavlana,"Very promising game. Idea of  planet colonization always intrigued me, haven't played a title based on that idea since alpha centauri. I hope they add research as a progression area in the future. Acquiring space tech, having an orbital presence. maybe building a space station would be fun."
76561198047446052,Recommended,237870,9604383,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,WMjiyu,"처음에 Story 모드로 했다가 타격감도 병신이고,뭔 이딴 병신같은 게임이 다있냐 하고 끈 뒤,다시 켜서 재미를 알게된 게임.알면 알 수록 컨텐츠를 발견한다.마인크래프트 + 스포어 그래픽 + 개리모드 창작을 모두 합쳐놓은 듯한 게임.재밌다."
76561198073587981,Recommended,237870,9620788,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,WeirdNPC,Absolutely amazing. Once finished and with full mod support it will become almost limitless.
76561198080148858,Recommended,237870,9707112,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Eclipse5062,Great and a very fun game a bit buggy here and there but its a great game and if you want something like rust with a bit more building and a bit more to do stuff like that then i would play this great job who made it cant wait for more updates and bug fix's
,Recommended,237870,9772206,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Zipcouda,"I guess now would be a good time to write a review though I have never done one before.Planet Explorers I feel reminds me most of an old mmo called Star Wars Galaxies. This game combines house building, vehicle building, armor crafting, weapon crafting, and technology. As well as the normal monster huting and looting, though it is unlike you will find a weapon on a random creature.This game does have its bugs as is seen when a creature some how manages to float up a tree without moving, but hey... its alpha. The combat is fun though a bit repeatitive on the actions, same swinging animation. But to be honest the game is very fun, and a different trend then the MMO that we are used to. The graphics may fall short but this does not mean that the sceen is any less beautiful. The landscape is vast and its quite daunting to consider how long it will take to explore all of it... and thats just for the main story line.Now I believe something I should touch base on is the crafting system. As I mentioned very indepth but a bit hard to understand first off. Items you need to make you first must get the recipe from mobs or NPC's. After that you then have to find the resources and craft the specific item which is normal enough. But when you look to create a vehicle you must make sure to have the specific items your going to use when crafting it in your editor.The mining, herb picking, and diging is all very fluent and easy to get the hang of. I would highly recommend this game if you are looking for something to keep you interested while waiting for the next big mmo. I personally have not tried the multiplayer yet, but from what I understand it does work... and to be honest whats better then exploring a massive span of land with some friends.I look forward to the future updates this game offers, and I hope many of you enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198001045959,Recommended,237870,9796481,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Emokorvtimmy,"Funny game with an awesome lerning cruve, the game is there to guide u if you need it but mainly you get to discover things by yourself, and its awesome"
76561198059909483,Recommended,237870,10014779,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Vexsyn,Definitely one of the best Alphas I have ever played.
,Recommended,237870,9971490,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Xcystence,"It's like Minecraft... but it's not... Lol. It's an open world Voxel-based action rpg, though it's kind of like a single player mmo in story mode except that you can literally change anything in the world. A giant cave? Yup. A huge skyscrapper? Sure, it you've got the resources. My own colony? You bet ya. Mine, craft, build, create, explore. Did I mention you can make your own weapons? Yeah there's that!"
,Recommended,237870,10256946,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Guttersnipe,"Keep in mind that this review is based on the alpha version of the game. Alright to start I can say that at this moment Planet Explorers is not finished at all, however it is still entertaining to play...in single player mode. Single player is by far the most developed, and has an interesting story mode coupled with some voxel building and resource mining which are the current focuses. You can build your own home base, your own vehicles, weapons, and prop with a voxel manipulation program they have. Though if that's not really your cup of tea you do have the option of exploration, and the map is HUGE and has a very alien feeling. I don't want to say too much out of fear of spoilers, but you do get some interesting developments with the story mode on this planet. Multi player is too underdeveloped to really get into. Right now it's generally confined to exploration with your friends or co-op builds. I would recommend this game, but I would suggest waiting till beta is well underway before purchasing."
76561197981202058,Recommended,237870,12609489,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,yungleballz,Still a really enjoyable and well-developed game with a lot of creative potential and fun.
76561198065159110,Recommended,237870,13171492,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,My Dick Is Rotten,"I strongly recommend this game to Voxel game fans. Though it still has some bugs, the design and interfaces are amazing. 9/10. This game features beautiful landscapes, intricate crafting systems, and once you get into it and get used to the gameplay, it really becomes a wonderful game."
,Recommended,237870,13629487,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gormathius Nightstrider,"This game feels kinda like a 3D Terraria with some RPG elements put into it. It's also probably the only sandboxey game I've ever seen which actually has a story. So here's a summary:Pros:-Build your own items.-Intuitive crafting.-Build your own items.-Rewarding mining and gathering.-Build your own items.-Several options in character design.-You can also build your own items.-Firebears.-Plus, build your own items.-Pretty music and graphics.-Not to mention, build your own items.-Lots of variation in both fauna and flora.-And let's not forget build your own items.Cons:-Very processor hogging.-NPCs getting stuck on trees.-Death by ladder."
,Recommended,237870,14171743,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DontFeedTheGoat,"Has plenty of potential, it plays like your typical survival RPG with elements of MineCraft and other ""Craft Your World"" games. You can have companions run around with you that can either tank for you or focus on damaging enemies which REALLY help out with the more gigantic enemies. However with the current build, the longer you play the more and more the game gets choppy, to the point of crashing."
,Recommended,237870,12499668,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Mal Hombre,"I've had this game on my wishlist for a while now.  Seeing it go on sale drove me to go ahead and buy it even though it is still in early access.  I've played maybe an hour of it and love it!  My significant other bought it after a few minutes of watching me play.  There is so much potential already, I'm excited to see where they go with it!"
,Recommended,237870,13104958,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kallyous,"Cant find a single f***ing downside on this game. It is amazing in all senses. Just great! singleplayer e multiplayer are both great. The vehicles and equipment creation system are awesome! The colony management is awesome. The mechanics are awesome. Everything is awesome! Worth every cent spent on it. Even in alpha, is ridiculously fun! FUN! FUN! FUUUUNNN!!!"
,Recommended,237870,14197748,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Soviet,THis game is the best crafting building game out there.It's gorgeous.It's fun.Toss out minecraft and terraria.
,Recommended,237870,12498171,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,KrayZJ,"Love it so far, still in early access so we will see how it improves! :)"
76561198028255555,Recommended,237870,12562961,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,kanrath,"For an early access game, Planet Explorers offers a lot even at this stage and has been active in giving information to us the consumer and has happily avoided leaving us in the dark which is a good sign. I would recommend this game if your looking for somthing that offers a simmilar idea the 2d games like terraria, but you want to go the next step with full 3d support and an actual story line.(As a side point, this is nothing like terraria, other then in the idea of exploration and being able to mine and build)Also, the crafting system for vehicles and such is a blast and not hard to learn."
,Recommended,237870,13773361,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[]slipstream[],"This is my first ""serious"" (use that term rather loosely) review of a game that I've heavily started to get invested in....little back story.I've been following this game for awhile behind the scenes and since it was a good deal and I had a bunch of games I recently added to my wishlist within the last 2 days - I went ahead and bought it for something ""different."" Personally, most sandbox games are damn near zombie heavy and it just ridiculous how the market has been flooded since Walking Dead (nothing bad about the show)...Anyways...Here comes Planet Explorers - which I might add is a VERY interesting take on open sandbox games with a decent story mode.If you are thinking of getting this game, let me cut to the chase and give a good rundown of what I've seen so far:Note: I would HIGHLY advise doing the story mode first and then tinkering with the Multiplayer. Truthfully, the game is fleshing out rather nicely, but the story mode will take you a while to get through and teaches you alot about the limitations as a whole, so you can actually see what alpha is like right now.Ok, so here it goes:PROS------- Game runs superb on a high end system, and no doubt any moderate pc rig should be able to run this with no issues- Story mode is where you want to start at (although the ""tutorial"" of the story mode is a little odd to catch on and learn the basics.) If you've played any other sandbox MMO then you'll be able to pick up what you need to do pretty quickly. Also, it will take you HOURS, and yes HOURS to play through the story mode if you happen to go off the path and actually have fun exploring and tinkering with stuff as you gain more options throughout the missions.- Obviously, the game is still in alpha, so just be a bit patient as the game gets built up- Creating in the game is a BIG plus. I have yet to do it, but planning on, hopefully, making some fun items for the community. So far, most of the designs I've been seeing are awesome looking and can't wait to try them out after full release.- PE is a beautiful game where you can sit back and relax, watch the sun set on the beach :)- The interface, regardless of mode, is very easy to use-  Using sentry guns to shoot the hell out of rampaging beasts is a sweet :) Think of Aliens the Directors Cut with the senty gun scene, hehe.- You can make scuba diving items to explorer the water!- Found me a loot chest underground with some random items...who knows what you'll find in the most obscure placesCONS (here are some known issues)------- Multiplayer is a little lax since most are probably steering clear an alpha build- Save often in single player. I only had 1 crash from nearly 10 hours of playing. Logs are written for the crash which should be sent to the devs if you like, but for the most part, this game is very stable.- The music can get a little old and hopefully they'll add in different scores to keep it interesting. Aside from that, crank up your own music list and have at it!- There is no tab targetting in the game, so positioning your toon to chop a tree, loot a body takes a little bit to get used too. There is an option to turn on the HP mechanic, for fighting, so you know you are actually hitting the mob, but it would be good to see the name mobs if they choose to do so in an upcoming build. Although, it DOES make it so you have to ""explore"" and hunt properly in the game (you really never know what you'll come in contact with) - so maybe this isn't such a con, but it's what we all are most used too.- Finding Tin is a PITA! Just make sure you properly use your mobile scanner and it's updated properly. From there, you'll should be able to see a great 360 degree radar view in how close you are to a vein and how far you need to dig to start mining whatever it is you are searching for.Ok, so this is a somewhat look at my experience thus far. I have to honestly say though, that someone who gets bored with games easily - this one is actually pleasant to play. Since it is still in alpha, one can only imagine what else is going to come next with the updates in 2015. I have some high hopes with this game and hope it makes it to be everything everyone wants in an interesting sandbox/massively endless open world mmo.If you are still undecided on this game, definitely keep a watchful eye on it and with any luck, you'll buy it just for what you can do/and hopefully be able to do within the game :)"
,Recommended,237870,12587021,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Heir Mullen,"Love this game. It is, in my opinion, the most beautiful game in its genre that i have played. I like that i can craft as i go, anytime, anywhere. I really like the creation tool in this game, can't wait to see what the developers add to it. I think it is a great deal for what i paid for it. Only other games of the genre i have played are Space Engineers and Minecraft and i like this game the best so far."
76561198075045039,Recommended,237870,13984433,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Wolverine,"I've played alot of Voxel based games. All of them are fun. But none (including Mine****t ) have the replay value that this game has, and I should know. For whatever reason I've not had everything in way of materials like I thought I would at certain points in this game... Soooo I would restart the whole game and try again. And everytime there was something different that I encountered. I LOVE THIS GAME. If your a fan of KOTOR 1 & 2. Please give this game a chance. I've never regretted paying this much for a game. Any game that allows you to put in yours or other peoples creations into the game for vehicles,weapons, and shields, is amazingly fun. BUY THIS GAME. Dont wait for a possible sale. (If you can LOL)"
,Recommended,237870,12559646,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,FirewallCMD,"I made Thunderfury, Blessed Sword of the Windseeker from World of Warcraft and smited my alien foes.And then a giant robot mortared me and I lost everything.19/10 would get blasted again."
,Recommended,237870,13509741,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cotton,Crashed my helicopter and got killed by a robot - 10/10.
76561198043064630,Recommended,237870,13304969,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,PFC Besten [2RB],"This game is really fun, it has a lot of potential in it's upcoming updates. I would totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,237870,13855471,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bromtheman,Even though this game is only in alpha I strongly recommend buying this game! It has an amazing future ahead of it if the devs continue to update it. Its alot of fun to make a huge base with lots of sentry guns on it and place a creature attracter and watch all the monsters come after you while you have a friend flying a helicopter (that you made of course) shoot them as they come around.
,Not Recommended,237870,30121067,Posted: 23 February,all,Koden,"The game is too slow moving and the difficulty ramps up to impossible as soon as you finish the tutorial.  It feels like it needed more time easing the game play loop's difficulty curve.  I baught this to play with a friend and didn't have fun after the first two hours.  I'd avoid this.  This is the type of game you won't know doesn't suit you till the refund timelimit passes.The game has good ideas, but the execution needs refinement.  I'll revisit this later if I hear of any updates that improve things.  There is a good game in here, it just needs to be polished a bit more.Update: 3/31As I said I would, I gave this another try for about another 2 hours.  The lack of instruction on what the options actually mean when creating a multiplayer game was very frustrating.  It was also very frustrating when you would play with the tech tree on and you have no option to filter out things you don't have the skill to craft.  Also, the crafting drop down to let you move to a section, like... armor to helmets, doesn't work.  Typing was also buggy, sometimes it didn't accept me hitting enter or sometimes glitched.We managed to have fun once we turned off the tech tree and figured out that we didn't need to find the nodes in the mineral scanner to find some materials needed for crafting, but it would have been nicer if this was better explained to us instead of us just having to find it out.Still, can't recommend this.  If this were in early access I could forgive a lot of the bugs I and my friend ran into, but you released it, so I can't just give you the ""Well... it's in EA"" excuse.  There can be fun in this, but the bugs will irritate you.If you can put up with it though, it can be fun, but I'm dissapointed by the number of bugs I had run into that ripped me out of the experience.If my opinion changes as I play it I will update the review once again with more details."
,Not Recommended,237870,10598560,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ace0fspad3s,"Ill start with what I liked about the game:The single player is fairly fun, it has quests and the like. Crafting system is very basic and the UI is easy to understand. Graphics are nothing to write home about but are okay and playable in my opinion. The custom content creator is VERY cool which you can make custom 3D vehicles and weapons after getting used to it for about 10 minutes. The content you made can be seen in-game right after you make it (after you purchase it and materials). Its also a voxel game which means the mining and everything is in 3D as opposed to minecraft where its all blocks. Combat can also be fun against certain mobs and large boss monsters. The vehicles and equipment can be fun to use like the jetpack + glider.Why I don't recommend it:First of all the game has been in development for about 3 years now and I still feel like its VERY unfinnished. Most of my complaint is the multiplayer. The lobby is REALLY buggy and attempting to connect to friends can be a pain. Me and my friends played it for about 25 or so hours (steam says only 10 because it disables after you close the launcher) and we pretty much did all that you can do in the game and quickly got bored.Building structures is very lame and unrewarding as there is practically no actual use for them other than aesthetics (they also look terrible). It also feels very awkward to build and you don't get much choice in materials and objects to use.The survival element is mostly just fighting off monsters. Which until you can afford to buy weapons, is almost impossible. You also have NO reason to craft items as you can BUY everything via in-game shop which after you just mine random ores and sell it you can buy anything you want fairly quickly, you get end-game content in under an hour if you wanted.I feel like the game is VERY lackluster in content and will only keep you entertained for 30 hours at most before you get bored of it. They say they will release the game sometime in 2014 and if they do at this state then that means this game is a ripoff. There was also plenty of bugs but because it is early access I won't have that as a reason for my unrecommendation."
76561198015778679,Recommended,237870,21386264,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Hangover Jesus,There is so much freedom in this game that you could spend years trying out everything...possibly longer. Create virtualy anything you can think of and USE it!!! The building system is like minecraft where  you have the freedom do build however you want. I have not done a review before so I am kinda at a loss as far as what I should point out but IMO this game is one of the most open games around that I have played so far and I love it!
76561198037011867,Recommended,237870,19740218,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Vertigo PT,"I bought this game in 2014 early in its development because I thought it had potential, played it a bit and decided to leave it on the shelf for later. Last week I started a new game to see how things where going and it got me hooked! As it is now the single player story (which is well conceived and interesting btw) and the ISO editor (you can design vehicles, submarines, helicopters, boats, guns, armor, etc) are worth dozens of hours of fun. Its a sort of modern futuristic minecraft with a more elegant and advanced crafting system and UI that I very much enjoy. Highly recommended, can't wait for the final version."
76561198020843121,Not Recommended,237870,33870119,Posted: 28 July,all,Sam,"What the hell is this game?! It isn't even in early access anymore and it is still game breakingly buggy!Seriously, all I wanted to do was host a Co Op game with my friend and I spent most of my time just trying to get the server to work correctly and figure out what all the config settings meant. I had to find a damn fourm post from some random person, there isn't even a wiki or anything up.While setting the server up it wouldn't close after shutting down the server in-game, it would still be open in the backround as a backround process, not allowing me to fully close the game. So, I would have to force close the server. THAT ENDS UP BREAKING THE SERVER, so now my game crashes if I try to host it.Okay, make a new server, mess up 1 setting, go through all that again.Cool, got the server up, got the settings right, got my friend in.... The game stutters randomly, the clients don't sync up, I am talking about my friend not even seeing me move or anything, just standing still then maybe teleporting around. I am talking about, When I build or dig a hole or anything he doesn't see it. This is like No Mans Sky level of broken.So, fine, what else? The camera is EXTREMELY wonky and terrible feeling, the character control is like moving someone through a tub of pudding. The digging animation takes forever and it takes 3 swings to clear even 1 block of dirt but not only that you have to clear a 2 x 1 area to actually go down. The hole isn't square or anything its in the shape of a ruppee from Zelda.What else? The menus all have different sound volumes so when you change from one menu to the other it will make you go deaf. The music is extremely loud and drowns out everything else, even if you turn it down. Chopping down trees is literally watching a health bar slowly go down. Also when you are hitting a tree with an axe the sound loop it makes has a popping noise at the end of it, like an amateur made the sound file for the hit sound on trees.I mean maybe you could get over some of the minor stuff but something like the client sync not working and the stuttering is just completely game breaking. I mean we even searched google for a fix and found nothing.This game is just a wreck, stay away from it unless you want to laugh at how buggy and messed up it is."
,Not Recommended,237870,15119362,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,beckaliz,"I was really enthusiastic about this game at first. Now I'm not so sure. There are a lot more sandbox survival games coming out that have a lot of the same features that I'd like to try out. I feel like Planet Explorers has used a lot of their resources on the wrong things, maybe?I´ve also had problems with the game crashing on load on both my Macbook Pro and my brand new Digital Storm gaming PC running Windows 8. There are a lot of stability problems that have not been improved in the year since I first got the game.In any case, it's not worth $25, especially for early access. (Please get your voice actors back to finish their lines.) If it were only $15 I'd definitely say go for it. But check out a Let's Play on YouTube to decide for sure for yourself. Maybe you should try Subnautica instead.I´m going to hold out until the next UI update, but if some of the weird quirks don´t get fixed, I´m giving up."
76561197999199415,Recommended,237870,23432750,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,billwjbrown,Love the game but hate loseing save files when updateing
76561198204242889,Recommended,237870,33659556,Posted: 19 July,all,hiddlesworth,"I've played this game for a long time, and I love it. I love the graphics, I love the freedom. It's a great game and you should give it a try!"
,Recommended,237870,33861147,Posted: 28 July,all,Kinje Snow,"The game has really improoved a lot, the graphics look amazing, and the game play is smooth, the verity is amazing. I am really enjoying it latly, The creature's are fun to try to tame, and having compleet freedome to create anything i want want  is beweldering, I am really trying to get creative, making things from my fav shows and games. If i had to rate the game right now id say A strong 8/10 Listen the game has improoved a lot. Recomand it especialy now."
76561198148802541,Recommended,237870,23258249,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,coender,"As of right now this game is kind of terible.But considering that it is in alpha, I have high hopes for what it will be when finished.I'd say don't buy it yet, but wait until it is out of alpha."
76561197991587929,Not Recommended,237870,26337135,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Tim,"I'm a little surprised that this is going to ""finished' status shortly............it's not really lived up to the hope I had for it. I played it for a little while a year or so back and there were so many bugs, still seems like there's a lot of issues. Also a lot of ""features"" that they ""hoped for"" that of course never made it in. I think there are better options out there for a better price. Not one of my favourites sadly.Update as of January 31st, 2017. Still awful. I agree with all the other comments made recently about how unpolished the game is. Not only that........but they dropped the price? Feel ripped off like a lot of other people and wish I could get my money back........If you like this style of game, get Empyrion, it goes on sale regularly at 50% off, so you can get it for 10 bucks and it's in EA, but already lightyears ahead of this game. Save yourself the time and money, get something else."
76561198054180684,Recommended,237870,33569595,Posted: 15 July,all,capnbinky,"This is a colorful, fun game. It could use further development, but I've really enjoyed playing it. Will add more detail as my experience with it develops."
,Not Recommended,237870,14075676,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,FallenFromGlory,"Boy do I have a treat for you.This game is utterly broken on mac OS.I always always ALWAYS avoid ""early access.""This is why.Do not buy this until it's done. I only did it because my friend convinced me to so we could play together.Works fine on windows, supposedly. It's fun, supposedly.I wouldn't know. I get a ""fatal error"" upon launching the game, and none of the menus fit in my screen. I also can't connect to nor start a game if my life depended on it.I'll review this game for real upon release."
,Not Recommended,237870,16611499,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,haji dangerfield,its godawful
,Not Recommended,237870,18361808,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,akspa,"As it stands right now, the game is what I'd call early proof-of-concept. It's playable to a degree, but gets old very quickly. The game's UI needs some serious flow tweaks - right now, even with the tutorial system in place, the UI doesn't provide enough information to get a player going. Luckily, you can skip over most of the broken bits. Once you're on the 'planet', there's an handful of quests that you can do, but the flow quickly rears its ugly head and the 'game' is more a set of chores.Perhaps in 5 years time, the game will be closer to what the developer envisioned. As for now, however, it will sit in my game library until it gets beyond a POC."
76561197971825130,Recommended,237870,18376651,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Haapy,"This game is amazing. At first, it just seems like a nice solo survival game, but then it morphs into a game where you're creating your own equipment voxel-by-voxel (you can use others' creations if you don't want to design it yourself), building a colony, and managing a group of survivors. In single player, there's a campaign that is well written and interesting. Just with what's in the game now I can highly recommend it. I've played 80 hours up to this point, and I can easily say it's one of my best Early Access experiences. Development speed is on the slow end of the spectrum, but steady. Each release is sizeable, which makes for an interesting replay. Also, the music is fantastic. Seriously.Update 2017-05-03: So... they went ahead and left early access, for some reason. The game isn't done, and it's still buggy as hell. I'm not sure what possessed them. It's still a good game, don't get me wrong, but it's certainly not finished. Don't expect a polished, release-ready game if you buy this. They're still working on it, though, so they didn't release it to abandon it. Hrm. Yeah. Just confused."
,Not Recommended,237870,17393833,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Rev,"Wonky controls, obvious bugs, poor performance, and how it is marketed on steam completely killed this for me under 2 hours.  ""Its an early access,"" So bloody what? For $25.00 there are much better games out there with similar mechanics.  This game was released on steam in 2014 and the progess since (now August 2015) is woeful.   This ""new"" OpenCL voxel system fails to bring anything new to the table compared to other titles."
76561198124872859,Not Recommended,237870,17144872,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Bored Bird,"This game doesnt run nearly as smooth as it does in the video.Bunch of glitches, lag, poor FPS and laggy, slow graphics.The grass seems to glitch everywhere.Great idea, poor execution."
76561198036893024,Recommended,237870,16849998,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,bullvine,"I did not have high hopes for this game at first glance, but I was pleasantly surprised when I gave it a try.  Planet Explorers is a joy to play and you can pretty much build anything you want. I've only played the single player portion of the game and I will be enjoying it for a long time yet to come. Eventually, I will get to multi player and check it out but for now single player is keeping me satisfied.  I highly recommend this game and I hope the devs continue to follow through with its development as I believe this game has massive potential. My recommendation is if you like to build, dream, create and enjoy a good story line you won’t be disappointed if you buy this game."
,Not Recommended,237870,17168031,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Xacrous,"Great game! but I been waiting for a good update that will change the entire game into better, but guess what?! nothing!!!! I had the game for a year and it still early access! I'm so disappointed :(Update1:The game seems to be out of the early access. I'll try it and will update this review."
,Not Recommended,237870,17499992,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Aristodikos,Game is dead.The singleplayer is fair enough to spend your hours but i am a multiplayer pvp player....the multiplayer sucks reallyYou can find dedicated servers a lot but you cannot join them because most of them are locked (private). The open servers are like singleplayer....you are playing alone.No community at all
,Not Recommended,237870,16660064,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,falseprophet,"There are a few updates in the last few weeks which show that the game makes progress.It is still in early-access, so i wouldnt suggest to buy the game unless you want to support the development!"
,Not Recommended,237870,18098714,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,UndercoverWombat,"Bad optimization makes this game look ugly and run worse. The control scheme is also very weird. Why have mmo controls if it's not an mmo? I might give it a second chance, but so far nothing stands out."
76561198015062701,Recommended,237870,12473321,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,cool idea. need friends to enjoy it.7/10
,Recommended,237870,13710605,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fartdog,"Aw yes, Planet Explorers.An excellent game in my most humblest of opinions (I'm probably the most humble guy there is, so I'd trust my judgement if I were you). Invariably fun, fully entertaining, and fully addicting. I've been playing non-stop for the last 127 hours. I haven't eaten, bathed, drank or even got up to use the restroom in all that time. And speaking of not using the restroom; I'm currently selling some quite stained socks if anyone is interested. They uhhh fell in some chocolate pudding... Believe me when I say that 'I definitely didn't defecate into those socks'. Don't ask me why I quoted that statement and I won't tell you how I invented a new type of poopsock, thus avoiding the possibility of breaking my immersion.All jokes aside though - Planet Explorers is a really really great game that is well worth the money. I hope the devs continue their awesome work. I suggest that any who read this should buy it immediately - before the price goes up (not that I know it will, but Early Access games commonly do when fully released).Buy it this very minute or you might be convinced to waste the rest of your holiday cash moneys on some guy's used poopsocks and totally regret it. You just KNOW he's gonna spend it all on new socks. I mean, he can't use the old ones, can he? Well, can he? I'm just asking for a uh friend because 127 hours seems about long enough for dooky squirts to dry. It could create what in scientific communities, is called: 'dooky shards', and they are both painful to be scratched by and will sometimes lead to Sepsis of the feet. Noone wants Septic feet right? Buy Planet Explorers."
76561198030751611,Recommended,237870,15112043,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,pjoiner19,"Needs work still, but lots of fun"
76561198094918612,Recommended,237870,22132785,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,NerdGamer,A great game with huge potential and even a interessting story with lore in story mode. While there are sertainly still quiet afew bugs the devs have been improveing them and will continue. The costome desighning system is abit hard to get use to but it deos something I have seen in no over game. This game can only get better!
76561198126861573,Not Recommended,237870,17076929,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,silly salamander,what looks like a futeristic version of skyrim can quickly get boring with a map thet all looks the same and in creative there is no mobs so if you just want to mess around instead of spending all your time in survival you will quickly get bored because theres no one else there
76561198051358091,Not Recommended,237870,16752513,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ghihom,Multiplayer still doesn't work properly
76561198212829040,Not Recommended,237870,14586028,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,hotkillaz,"Bad graphic, poor mining engine, gameplay is not smooth at all, gliches in cities."
76561198250309720,Not Recommended,237870,28312880,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,montipithonart,"this is an unfinished game. After 3 hours of game play I was able to determine I wouold not be playing aggain. thus, refund, thank you. the controls make this game near unplayable. with gamepad and without. wanna turn the camera? sure, but it is gonna keep turning even after you stop. walking? no, more like sliding. Character constantly feels like they are running on ice. Keeps moving forward even after you. Voice acting is just horrible. Music will drive you insane. and the sound affects......holy hell!this game has an amazing amount of promise. Though the sluggish wonkey controls, unintuitive combat system, all game sounds in general and poor execution hold this game back.visually it is stunning. concept is great. but a game needs far more than pretty graphics and neat concepts to be good.This game should still be in early access beta."
76561198082857412,Recommended,237870,30988898,Posted: 6 April,all,Train On Ur Mom,"Hours on record at the time of reviewing - 172.5Planet Explorers has been a ton of fun, and I have racked up 120 nerd hours since picking it up after full realease. Consistent, addictive, great map design with Maria (Main Story map). You can appreciate the detail and thought that went into making the VIP Colonists roles (Botanists, geologists, zoologists, bacteriologists, miners, security) Keeping in mind what sort of new or unknown viruses may be present in the that new planet. Seems to me pretty up to par when a real planetary colonization effort would take place in a distant future. Good variety of ISO's, the freedom to craft whenever and wherever you want and with a good and steady growing community uploading their creations if crafting is not your thing and rather spend more time playing, building and progressing.There is enough content, gameplay hours and sandboxing in Story Mode to make up for the flaws that that need some correcting in Adventure Mode, which are the following:• Adventure mode still feels bland, lacking content and not up to par with what is found in Story Mode, not really delivering those same dramatic landscapes and backdrops. Feels like it could be delivering a lot more, the randomly generated maps have a lot of imperfections (Terrain leveling, roads that go into the water, high-level monster spawnings where you're just starting out.• The Dungeons in Adventure Mode feel bland, linear, lacking some polishing, same layouts often found, the monsters in there are just the same wildlife found anywhere else on the map and not even following a theme of which biomes each are found, but rather mixed in together.On a more positive side, there are things found in adventure mode that would like to see in the other modes:• The unique building models that would save us some time when builing a colony and placing the already built structures to house colonists and shops for vendors.• The road network between colonies/towns.Overall I'm looking forward to the remaining gameplay I got, taking my sweet time with progressing the story, while building and exploring along the way. I feel like my initial investment back when the game was in early alpha was a good investment in the hopes of having a good finished product delivered in full-release and with updates/builds still coming in, and will most deffinitely support Pathea in further development and future DLC/Expansions for this game, I see it as a mint product that with the right new updates and content it has the potential to go far and have a long life and growing community.Thanks Pathea!"
76561198104785857,Not Recommended,237870,16603749,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DMC,"This is truly terrible, I regret buying it as Steam refuse to refund it and it was quite a bit of money. Do not buy."
76561198037347892,Not Recommended,237870,34205848,Posted: 12 August,all,chuck,"still has a long way to go, needs a good amount of work still as well."
76561198049569326,Not Recommended,237870,12254279,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Senpai_Slime,"Had potential, lost it very quickly... relies on user created content to provide variety, very similar to minecraft, no targeting system, allies/followers are very broken, no random loot generation, basically no rpg elements at all.... and very low quality graphics and ability to run on a gaming grade computer, also using the creation interface is almost impossible, taking many hours to make a decent looking item never mind its stats"
,Recommended,237870,16534139,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mdarin43,Great game exactly what i like to see so far excited for finished product!!!
,Recommended,237870,12472695,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kinkyboo,Sick game 10/10!
,Not Recommended,237870,20257150,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SidiousRed,"i have been waiting roughly a year for the a0.9 update before writing this review....The concept at the core of this game is solid. It has a ton of potential, but unfortunaly this game is CLEARLY in development hell, and I don't see a finished version of this game ever materializing.  the developers are charging WAY too much for what this game currently is, even on sale. The price would be completely fair for a finished version of this game but it is not.i genuinely wish the developers the best and hope this review fuels their desire to prove the doubters such as myself wrong, and i hope they do prove me wrong, but at this time the realist in me is calling this vapourware. Sorry guys."
,Recommended,237870,23915784,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,7676Games,Nice open word game <3
76561197997899476,Not Recommended,237870,15219992,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,HunterDog,"needs lots more work should be $10.00 because placed bed it disappeared.died by something and i had to restart again and again, it stoped had to close out then go back in."
,Not Recommended,237870,16634029,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Magic Sam,bad
,Recommended,237870,14671326,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Raven.pit,"Sick and tired of Early Access games full of hype and potential but havent been updated in months?Planet Explorers is one of the best open world sandbox games currently in Early Access!  the devs have continued to update the game with patches that come out on a monthly basis if not more!  The Devs also maintain a constant stream of information flowing to the public in regards to the progress and status of the the next updates.The game itself has a very powerfull voxel creation system.  it allows you to create any type of weapon, vehicle or structure!The game is set on an alien planet where your vessel is forced to make an emergency landing, the story line takes deeper into the world as well as deeper into a political fiasco that places the survivors at risk of a civil war.this game is worth far more then its current price and is well worth it."
,Not Recommended,237870,16587355,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Eyagee,"I can't speak to the game content as there was a problem trying to run this under Linux(not necessarily a game issue) but the restrictive registration process to ask for help, plus a smug response to the issue, made this game undesireable and not worth persuing trying to enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,237870,29583382,Posted: 30 January,all,H35!T@!0N,"i played  for 1 hour about 2 weeks after it first came on steam in EA, and in that time i did nothing, the UI was horrible so i never bothered to give it another go at any point, and from what ive read of recent comments, you shouldnt either"
,Not Recommended,237870,24473003,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TeslaRanger,"The game's pretty rough around the edges, definitely still in Alpha.  It might still be worth a shot but it tends to crash 2-3 times an hour.  Disappointing for something that was released over two years ago but could be something to watch for if it passes out of Early Release."
76561198042188531,Recommended,237870,30980819,Posted: 6 April,all,GingerDeadMan,"Love this game, i honestly have no idea why this isnt more popular...maybe lack of advertisement?You can make your own things...like literally there is a simple to use in game 3d designer and if you can think it you can make it.Love the game and look forward to future updates!"
76561198006573232,Recommended,237870,31289596,Posted: 21 April,all,Warhawke,Fun Game.Innovative.Variety of creatures and environments.Intersting storyline.Not perfect.Kinda wonky progression.Reasonably priced.Definately doesnt deserve a mixed rating.Totally worth playing.7/10
,Recommended,237870,30157364,Posted: 24 February,all,Kioya,"still a good game, still not a done game though,"
76561198354884936,Recommended,237870,31763523,Posted: 14 May,all,Super Panda Productions,Best game I've ever played. Bit of lag as expeted but the story mode is epic. This game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,237870,17809838,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Randy Savage,It's too buggy. It's a serious glitchfest. Seems like it has some good ideas but they aren't developed well. The ability to create your own world is completely wasted by a terrible slider system that has no rhythm or reason to it which basically makes everything you create a complete grab bag. Waste of time and money at this point.
,Recommended,237870,15466874,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Calsafer,"I super loved this game. It crashed at one point, but i found that it had been auto-saving and saved me 2 hours of gameplay <3 The Adventure mode is insanely awesome, being able to build, rest, eat, and all the aspects of a normal voxel game with an actual storyline is amazing."
76561198215362897,Recommended,237870,19958076,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nature Gecko,"Best sandbox-survival-adventure game(Create anything that I want in the game)Worthwhile to buy this game if you Searching for sandbox gameเป็นเกมเเนวสร้างสรรค์-เอาชีวิตรอด-ผจญภัยที่ดี (สร้างได้ทุกอย่างที่ผมต้องการในเกม)คุ้มค่ามากถ้าตัดสินใจซื้อเกมนี้ ถ้าคุณกำลังหาเกมเเนวนี้อยู่ใครชื่นชอบเกมเเนวสร้างสรรค์ สร้างบ้าน สร้างฐาน สร้างนู่น นี่ นั่น ซื้อเกมนี้ไปเล่นเเล้วจะไม่ผิดหวังHighlights-You can create and design a car,train,Mega tower,transport on the planet,and more....-Space on the map 40*40*5 KM.-You can build the 4.5 Km high tower and dig to underground 500 M.-You can create a Your character the way you want . (Look like ARK survival) and you can change your skin color for your character.-melodic soundtrack.-ETC......defect-Sound effect too little.Recommend for next update-When cut down the tree,it would give a seed. And you can plant it again on somewhere.(Some tree that give wood)-when something,monster,players hit or throw bomb to the building or on the ground. It should fall or have a damage on it.-main server for multiplayer (maybe 5 or 10)-Machine creation,design you own machine (Escalator,elevator,rope way) by adding a motor ,small wheel .ETC...-map 1000*1000 KM in the main server.-Part of you creation when crash with something. This part should loose from the object.-When you creation was exploding. The part of you creation still spread over there until you pick it up or clean it.don't sink into the ground in 5 minute.-more block ,item.-ETC......"
76561198007884196,Recommended,237870,18180989,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Paladin,"Planet Explorersis certainly one of the best games in Early Access. There are some bugs and a lack of polish, but overall a great buy.ProsVery full featured--By this, I mean it delivers all its core game mechanics with depth. Trading works. Crafting works. Crafting is multi-tiered. Crafting the items isn't hard to mess up. But the ability to build your vehicles and items with such minute detail is incredible and really no bugs to speak of here.The storyline--Typically I don't care much for the story of a game. This one had me reloading saves if I missed anything. I loved the story up to where they have it.Building your own colony--And you get to populate it as well, assign jobs. Essentially micromanage the thing if you wish.You get out of it what you put into it--This game answers the call of your desires. Strategy? Check. Action? Check. Survival? Check. Exploration? Absolutely.The detail--This goes hand in hand with the next bullet point. The creators of the game took great care to make everything in the world make sense. The NPCs are exploring the planet and explain why the planet is the way it is when you land there.Exploration--It is a joy to just fly around and see the sights and discover new things. The game has loads of content.ConsBugs--There are game breaking bugs. I'm not sure if I finished the storyline up to where it was built or if my quests just bugged out. This game is in alpha. And I can assure you that themajorityof the bugs I encountered that left a bad taste in my mouth dealt with the their questing system. There were points where I ran out of memory (I'm running full settings on a great PC). No big deal, reload an autosave. But the questing bugs caused me to lose hours.I request that there be some console mode like Skyrim to assist players in self-help remedial measures when it comes to questing bugs.Lack of Polish--I include this because every aspect of the game can use more polish. Polish is the stuff that makes a B+ into an A. And the developers should hold off on this aspect. The game does not need polish in this state. It is in Early Access.END OF LIST(for now)I mean that. These are the only cons to me. It plays like a finished game short of the questing bugs. I can excuse this of course. It is in Alpha. And the lack of polish is not a con to me, but I leave it there for a discriminating gamer.Story mode is not where it ends. I wanted to put Adventure Mode in Pros, but because of it being more or less an afterthought, I felt that Adventure Mode could not be justified in the Pro category. Adventure Mode is basically playing a randomized map with all features except the main story. But it needs much more work. But I am encouraged that it is there in the first place and am eager to see the developers flesh out the features of the adventure mode. Therefore, I do not think it qualifies as a ConI would prefer not being given everything (scanner updates and all scripts in the beginning of the Adventure Mode). Instead, I would like this to be an option that I could elect.A previous reviewer gave a thumbs down in saying that the project was so immense that it would never be completed. Gamers have a vote in this. We vote with our wallets and our recommendations. I have done both, and encourage you to purchase this game and play some of it. It is expensive for early access, but the content it delivers is well beyond its price. And then please, when you discover this game's merits, support the devs. Endorse this game that so richly deserves recognition."
76561198034916917,Not Recommended,237870,18307200,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Immaletyoufinish,Game has gone backwards in development. I feel like I paid money to be a beta tester on a project that doesn't know where its going. Game has a lot of performance issues. More than it should at this stage. This game is one of the reasons I won't buy early access anymore. It's not even worth it on sale.
,Not Recommended,237870,20364389,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,samasoaresrex,The game isn't worth the money. At least not yet. The thing that bothers me the most is that the controls are horrendous
76561198037078171,Not Recommended,237870,16551930,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HNTI,The Worst Game ever.It's like a MMORPG game without MMO.What we have to do is just to go on messages just like a slave.
76561198083093314,Recommended,237870,14576923,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Silent Bard,"To express it in the shortest way I can, Planet Explorers is what Sony's Landmark should be.A little more in depth? This game combines the better mechanics of Runescape and Minecraft while still feeling like its own original game. This feeling most definately lends itself to the fantastic (however loud) and serene soundtrack; the plethera of monsters whose strength can warrant a knife or an organized battalion; and especially the creation tool: an interface allowing you to build items (swords, equipment, vehicles, airships, etc) directly into the game using voxels. No wrap-around, and no microtransactions needed; anyone can quite literally build (or download) for themselves anything they can imagine while in game.This last mechanic - the ability to create items ""like it ain't no thing"" is what really sets Planet Explorers up to be phenominal. Currently, the game is in Alpha 0.87, but the only bug my friends & I have come across is sleeping in a bed - a bug we first believed to be related to our own incompetence.I highly recomend Planet Explorers. Its mechanics sets it apart from the growing masses in this Sci-Fi genre and its emersion will keep you and your friends eager to play more."
,Not Recommended,237870,19402144,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Greentea Bagger,"Until this game is completly finished, I would not buy it, even if it is on sale. This game has been in Alpha for a solid year and a half and probably will still be early access for another 2 or 3 years based on how slow the devs are working on this game. There are still bugs from day 1 that are in this game, and while it is fun to play for a short amount of time, you will get borded of this game in about a week. This game does have a lot of potential, and I feel if the devs truly buckeled down and finished this game there could be a lot to offer. However right now this is just a shell of a game. There are lots of bugs and this game will crash/freeze alot. I personally feel like this game was a cash grab and it shouldn't have been released until far later. The devs have made many promises with the game but have failed to deliever them after almost 2 years since they opened the game."
,Not Recommended,237870,17506984,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,[HyperSUCC] KermittheCow,the controls are confusing af and the beginning mission will refuse to complete. This game is apalling frankly.
,Not Recommended,237870,16486632,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gem,"So, to start off, I've hardly played this game. The features list and all the screenshots make it look extremely fun, and I'm sure it is. However, I haven't played this game for a very long time because of one thing. It is extremely confusing. All the talk about replicator this and inventory that. I'm sure this game is very fun, but if you're like me and dislike extensive tutorials, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198139640933,Not Recommended,237870,16482848,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MageFries,Crashed my computer after 10min of play gave me blue screen.
76561197993431453,Not Recommended,237870,17112557,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Helliskron,devs do not work on this game dont buy really buggy and a waste of time
76561198076585632,Not Recommended,237870,32196967,Posted: 5 June,all,Bastian,Im so sad that I even bought this game. It's not even good.Tips: Don't buy it.....
76561198043337987,Recommended,237870,33322847,Posted: 6 July,all,Cideous,"Been looking for a game with this feel for ever and now I found itTKS guys for an awsome game; every time i thought while playing ""damn I wish this was like this"" or ""man this is annoying"" turns out there was an option/checkbox/mechanic for ithave a hundred hours in and think i'm gonna be in here for a lot longer;DNitpicking : overall game sound could use some love"
,Recommended,237870,30695295,Posted: 23 March,all,Anori,"Man, I can clearly see how much thought and foresight went into this game.  I think what caused many of the problems is probably lack of budget or time.  I am not a surivival game fan, but I really do enjoy this one even with its horrible controls and annoying and restricting UI system (why can't I expand the number quick slot for example?)Avoid melee combat at all costs, you will hate the game.  Focus on getting a bow and always keep arrows available.  Guns are easy to make, but bullets are tough.  Use guns as a back up / emergency.  Just go with the bow.So yea .... i am enjoying the game; they REALLY need to change the controls and UI system."
76561197972617173,Recommended,237870,32993296,Posted: 29 June,all,Thuw,"I have 59 hours in the game and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Learning how to make your own schematics is a bit difficult but once you get started it's not too bad.  A few more basic starter schematics would be nice, like vehicle frames.The story was great and I loved the music.  I really hope they come out with more DLC or a sequel."
76561197967842078,Not Recommended,237870,14495345,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Beetlejuice,"Nice and broken.  The land is in pieces with huge gaps between each chunk.  Buildings, trees, rocks, flora, are all down inside the ground.  You can see them as you fall through the gaps to your death.  I absolutely won't/can't recommend this game right now."
76561198028023915,Recommended,237870,21927047,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,xana,Great game with a mix of building and questing.
,Recommended,237870,31310376,Posted: 22 April,all,Dan,"Have a beefy graphics card, have fun. 86% recommendation rate from me."
76561197993002732,Recommended,237870,25303795,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ORAA,"keep up the great work, i except good results from this game."
,Recommended,237870,14585481,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Shar Tegral,"There is much to say for this game.Minecrafty enough to satisfy the creeper in me.Sciency enough to satisfy my inner Asimov.Beautiful enough to make my wife ask me what is that?For a down to earth geek... this ""out of this world game"" is out of this world good."
76561198129469971,Not Recommended,237870,14467781,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Home Slice,warning if you get this game on a mac it will crash before is even starts
76561198067685422,Recommended,237870,9541017,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,sugarplumsuicide,"epic game, though i have not been able to play through even the first quest on story as the game is extremely laggy, i have a dell pc with windows 7 and it is the laggiest game ever, though i do love the look of it though"
76561198017975549,Recommended,237870,9500960,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,NF,"I can't play the game. I select story mode, create my character , watch the OP and wait until to 100%, but game never start. Anyone can help me with this?"
,Recommended,237870,10765805,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Uxeo,I hang-glided into the side of a mountain.10/10Would do again.
76561198072705248,Recommended,237870,25985734,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,RScar500,I have enjoyed the game so far and think it worth getting. Although I think their should be more descriptive tutorials later on.
,Not Recommended,237870,16610056,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bobsuper7,Doesen`t work. so far all that happens is I make  A Player and it quits out.
76561198159797315,Recommended,237870,28699609,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,deathsurfers11,great game for kiling time
76561198202150700,Not Recommended,237870,19138498,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,redfive11,"100% do NOT buy this game, the trailers look awsome but when you play it it has so much lag you cant even move.So if you want to buy this game and still want to buy it, well, you can go waste 25$."
76561198061031519,Not Recommended,237870,18410437,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Neville Longbottom,Is this game good yet? It's been a year
,Not Recommended,237870,17666154,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BiohazardDrew,Game always loads broken worlds... im always falling trough the ground every time i start a game.
,Not Recommended,237870,19209459,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kakyoin,"horrible game.no optimised at all, lags like hellnot fun/insanely boringid rather play minecrafti hate minecraft"
76561198156090952,Not Recommended,237870,16148509,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,THE HAT,for me it seems to have too much lag way to much laglike 4 fps
76561198000302182,Recommended,237870,14598567,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,aggelos,"First purchased: AMAZING!! support this game! i cant belive its in alpha stage. i have seen ""finished"" games that were crap compared to this. if i had money to invest i would demand they take my money! im glad i bought this game and look forword to months of fun!After 78 hours of play..Open world, planet exploration, deep crafting system; make amazing things that really work, resource gathering, RPG, sandbox builder. This game is literally what you make of it. planet conqueror, emissary of peace and development, mad builder of gadgets and gizmos, explorer and resource specialist. you will start the story mode with a knife and hatchet. you will end story mode with high tech weapons, vehicles ,and impenetrable fortresses. all resourced designed and built by you!cons: budget priced video cards do not handle opengl as effectivly as directx. but even on medium settings the game is stunning!"
76561198117146064,Recommended,237870,14696164,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Code,"Great game, requires a pretty good graphics card though, my old computer could not run it. I have a new computer now and it runs very smooth and is an amazing sandbox game."
,Recommended,237870,14495626,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Maxi Satan,You can ride a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- shaped heli while shooting enemies with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- shaped gun10 / 10 would design♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198034270926,Recommended,237870,18058041,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,LeLittleSuccubus,"I would love to play this game, but my computer can't even run it on the lowest settings. Lag makes it unplayable for me. :/"
76561198079168329,Recommended,237870,17745379,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,This,"I recommend this game because its fun to run around, dig, build, create.  One can experiment with architectural design.  That's enough for me to be satisfied but the game as a story has major problems:Be prepared to be frustrated with bugs in the story line.  I've played this game on and off for a while, seen it go through quite a few versions.  On an earlier version I was able to play through story mode pretty far, as far as the developers had written.  My saves were erased with an upgrade and given the amount of time I had spent crafting a delightful and luxurious base, I became discouraged.  I tried to restart, to plod through the storyline with its many fetch-type quests but with another upgrade those saves got erased too.  Recently I came back to the game and have been having fun with it again.  Strangely, though, I cannot get very far in the story quests.  They are extremely buggy.  The story quests appear to have actually become quite a bit MORE buggy since the last time I'd played it.  I can't get past the first quest (a critical character has irretrievably disappeared, and was just reading about the second quest having a high likelihood of a massive game ending type bug also.It is difficult to program games and I respect the hard work.  That being said, I recommend the developers focus on making the core gameplay stable instead of pursuing shiny, new, additional features with each update. I fear/suspect the game has been dropped as a serious development project and that core bugs will not be fixed.  It appears to be used as a template for experimentation instead.  That's cool but It would be nice to be able to actually play it."
,Recommended,237870,27863498,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PizzaPowardGaming,BEFORE YOU READ!... this is an indie game....most indie games are not going to be as good as games that have been tried and tested over and over [say how minecraft is now? or maybe terraria...etc etc] THAT BEING SAID...leave expectations a bit low...the game over all is fairly damn good...the story is okay the ability to craft♥♥♥♥♥♥is neat but it needs tweaking BAD like i'm talking almost a full rework on building structures at the very least...also it feels fairly...empty...not saying that the world isn't full of creatures and items its more like...you'll run 5 damn miles with 100% the same materials and than suddenly find something new... its really annoying and i wish it was a bit more randomized than that...BUT regardless of all this...if you are into building your own models of helicopters and tanks and such? this is an amazing game...it reminds me a lot of like if you take tribal spore stage and mixed it with a sandbox game.
,Recommended,237870,25317316,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"Pretty nice game, play it for the base building and NPCs"
,Recommended,237870,25418367,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,シェーン,"Temporary positive review, to be later refined into a official one. I just want to boost the ratings for now until then."
76561198132454345,Recommended,237870,18640956,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Natsu The Dragon Slayer,this game is great more people sould play it and i think its worth 25$ even more maybe
76561198123036299,Recommended,237870,31832759,Posted: 18 May,all,Dubnus,The game is good its not the best its not well optimized and it will appeal to a certain audiance so yeah.It is fun
76561198103342454,Not Recommended,237870,17825999,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Krakoff,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥for coop. I reccomend it to nobody!
,Not Recommended,237870,32212579,Posted: 5 June,all,candlehand,"I bought this while it was on sale recently for %50 off, and unfortunately it is one of the only games I've ever had to return through Steam.The game is buggy, the environments are much more sparse than the videos make them out to be, and the control scheme is one of the most clunky I have encountered in modern times. It feels like a dated MMO more than anything else. This is exacerbated by the fact that most missions (at least in the first couple hours) are your standard ""go get 10 x"" or ""kill 3 x"" style missions. I keep seeing the amount of content in the game cited as a plus, but unfortunately if the gameplay is not fun it doesn't mean much to me.If you expect fluid battle/vehicle controls and a minecraft/survival crafting system, I do not think this is the game.If you want a single player MMO with many fetch quests and check boxes to fill, I think this will be for you."
,Not Recommended,237870,32394298,Posted: 13 June,all,Final (Arisato),"I have no idea how the developer can dare to call this game finished. This is NOT a finished game, it is incredibly buggy and even the most basic systems don't work very well. Combat is dreadful, hitboxes and collosion detection are bad (I'll be fighting a giant enemy and it just starts hovering over my head, unable to hit me), the quests bug out and don't work oftentimes, the quests themselves are boring MMO ""go here and kill this"" fare, the controls are terrible, the performance is garbage when playing multiplayer even though the game looks like a PS2 game. It's just bad all around, don't be fooled by the positive reviews like I was, it's a genuinely bad game."
76561198108512665,Recommended,237870,22801237,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,*****.rumskas,"Planet explorers is the best open world sand box game that I have everr played. The combat is excellent with many different types of weapons to use and a wide variety of animals and aliens to hunt and all of them give some type of resource upon killing them, usually meat or some item that can be sold to vendors for currency. The crafting system is excellent and has many armor pieces that can be crafted out of differnt level resources from wood to diamonds. The crafting system also allows you to design and build custom armor, weapons, and aircraft/vehicles/boats all with their own individual stats based on what material you used and how much of that material is in the design. You can also manage a colony and build many useful buildings in the colony such as replicator, training station, repair facilities and more. You can build a tram in the game world and then ride in that tram. There are many quests to do in the story mode. There is a good farming system once you have a colony set up. There is a lot of things to do in this game. I highly recommend it."
76561198031262342,Recommended,237870,20726198,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,khajjah,Despite some issues with my system running the game smoothly the gameplay makes it worth it. Well written and just plain fun to play. Moderate learning curve but entirely worth it.
76561198067871087,Recommended,237870,19755221,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,magag64,I like it so far. Having trouble building stuff
76561198120765020,Recommended,237870,16160410,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,legozelous,its a great game and i loved it but i soon didnt like the atmosphere of the game and controls like building after awhile but dont take my word for that
76561198202535534,Recommended,237870,20062463,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mako,"good land, sky, and tool creators, slightly buggy story quests and good amounts of random iron and copper early game but has some things that need to be changed to some extent like right clicking on plants many times just to harvest 1 plant and the scanner needs more updates for things like titanium and lithium."
76561198097902610,Not Recommended,237870,19919882,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Taranus,"I honestly want to recommend this game, but I just can't.Environments become a bit bland after a few minutes, and often fail to load.If you even think about using a jetpack or hang glider for any distance you're doomed, as every time I used them I ended up clipping through the ground and getting trapped below the world.Animations are awkward and combat is just boring.Now I will admit that the crafting system is fun, being able to dig tunnels and build bases, but the building system is so complecated that by the time you've mastered it you will probably be out of creative energy and just want to play something else.Basically, if they would clean up the animations, simplify the menu's and building system, and put some serious time into fixing their landscapes, this could be a really fun game, but it is seriously shackled by these shortcomings."
76561198053215753,Recommended,237870,21757370,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,AnthonyB,"This is an excelent game concept, beautiful art, beautiful crafting engine. It solves the long standing probem of purposlessness in open world sandbox games. I deeply love this game.The down side is it's wildly unstable to the point of largely spoiling the experience."
,Recommended,237870,31661458,Posted: 10 May,all,Lorusports,I brough this game way back when it first came out.  Was not too good then. However it has certainly improved. Will play this game for maybe another couple of months for fun
,Recommended,237870,32803248,Posted: 25 June,all,CorScor,"AWESOME game for creative types- solid scifi survival/RPG but what makes it really special is the building modes- you can make tons of functional stuff via voxel/texture tools.   Equipable armor/weps, driveable vehicles, AI companions, furniture, construct on the terrain ofc, even make your own maps/missions too- look at stuff people have shared in the workshop to see some of what's possible.  Try the demo!!  (and help me make Trek-themed stuff! lol)"
76561198055572010,Recommended,237870,34182142,Posted: 11 August,all,no_linear2003,I really enjoy this game it has great atmosphere and the graphics on ultra are very pretty and you will find yourself taking screenshots on a regular basis. There are plenty of sliders in the options panel to adjust the visuals for slower rigs.I like the water effects too.I don't know if it was my machine was having sound problems but I noticed the enviromental wind sometimes drops off completley so you end up just getting the sound of your footsteps and you get no environmental sounds at all which is unrealistic.Crafting is made painless with a good UI and combining mats is easy.There is a fully fleshed out editor that covers everything from creating guns to vehicles and artifacts.I wish there was as options to turn on monsters in creative mode so you can test out the weapons that you have made on monsters..The unique thing about this game compared to some crafting games Is you want to keep playing this one to explore the different biomes and things you can craft.I did notice though if your not careful you can create some really extreme biomes with huge water areas and rididulous heights that are really a bit too extreme and not practical for traversing without a jetpack. You just have to make sure you keep the river distances near the lower end to make the landscapes look realistic  so that you don't end up having to swim for an hour to get to the next landmass.Recommended!B1trider
,Recommended,237870,14589906,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,otokoyo,"Plays really well! Has a few odd quirks, but the engine is a powerful sandbox for fun once you get the hang of it.The best voxel story I've seen so far, feels great, better than an MMO at launch.I love the helicopter build and DIY stuff maker, I just wish there was a horizontal stablizer for choppers."
,Recommended,237870,33091419,Posted: 1 July,all,TGShainoo,"I have been fallowing this game for a while, and though the controls do feel a bit dated this game has so much to offer.Having played the game for a few days and it has quickly become one of my favorites."
76561198016760364,Not Recommended,237870,11453906,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,DaoineSidhe,"I was mainly interested in the LAN coop modes, but was very disappointed when we discovered that the world is different for each player. We can see eachother, and the terrain is the same shape, but the plants, animals and resourses are not similar. The game generates a different world for each player in coop mode. This makes exploring together impossible since each person sees something different. Very bad design flaw."
,Recommended,237870,10885628,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ZigZach,"On the surface Planet Explorers seems like a quick cash-in on the Crafting/Exploration genre, which is not to imply it doesn't succeed at what it intends to do. While still in Early Access this title performs very well on both fronts, and should not be dismissed for the bugs/flaws currently in-game.  The attempt at exploration Planet Explorers makes is impressive, and although the graphics may be a little dated, the scenery can be downright beautiful at times.  Even with a map as vast as the one in Planet Explorers moving forward is not always the best option, with vast cave networks easily discovered using you Handheld PC, you won't have to venture far to discover the unknown.  One flaw that currently is plaguing this title is the draw distance, and the rate at which the landscape appears, while easily written off as an Early Access issue, it is one that will need to be addressed before official release.Crafting in Planet Explorers can feel like the usual fanfare, resource tiers(wood, rock, copper, iron, etc), but the Creations Editor is where the crafting in this title moves beyond what I've encountered so far in my gaming experience. Yes, other games have had content creation, map editors, etc, but Planet Explorers brings it right to the forefront of its systems.  While the Creations Editor(a more accurate name would be Blueprint Editor) can seem daunting and unwieldy, spending time learning it's nuances will quickly show you just how robust this tool can be.  I have had a blast buidling new vehicles and testing them in Build Mode to see how well they perform, and the experience brings me back to my childhood playing with legos.While Planet Explorers is on the right path towards what, in my eyes, is the next evolution of the Crafting/Exploration genre, it is not without it's bugs. I previously mentioned the draw distance, which is an issue for immersion, but also for traversing the map in aircrafts, or other very fast moving vehicles. While travelling around the map you will have trees, animals, mountains, and more appear in front of you, often leading to emergency meneuvers.  With the robust Creation Editor, and Steam Workshop support this title has the potential to develop a large following, and create many memorable moments.  Other bugs do occur, and not all game elements are currently implemented, but I feel with our support this could be a title to throw up on the board with Minecraft, and if all the kinks are worked out it will surpass it in what it does."
76561198005880032,Not Recommended,237870,10317158,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,samyuwel,"At the moment i would like to leave neither positive or negative feedback with the game still being in development, but because there isn't an option for a neutral I will have to go with negative.I bought this game and have spent little over an hour just trying to get the damn thing to work. I use Mac OSX so usually im pretty wary when buying games, but i thought this one looked really fun and unique. I checked the specs and as my mac is up to scratch decided pay and download.Bad move.For some reason even on the lowest graphic spec the game is just unplayable, jittery and freezes.I have played around with the graphic settings but i am having the same results on the lowest graphic settings as i am on the highest and really my mac can more than handle the specs. Really disappointed and annoyed that i've wasted money on this, but im hoping that the developers fix whatever is wrong.The game itself is really pretty! and from everyone elses reviews sounds really fun, so i hope it will work for me eventually. Until then its a thumbs down from me."
,Not Recommended,237870,9727263,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Squirbel,"This game feels unfinished even though they have been working on it for 2 years. This game is starting to feel like War Z in the beginning. The creation of any server has a 1/10000 chance of working, and also crafting, and building feels so repetitive. I hope they fix this game, because this game feels full in potential but lacks in what it presents."
76561198054332805,Not Recommended,237870,9641016,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Lewt,I rate this game up on its creativity and the fact that you can affect the environment. (I dug up a large cave of spiders and they ate all the animals around it) also huge potential in the future howeverat the moment I don't recommend it because.:Single player mode if you're not careful you will end up in a quest loop which you can't progress any further:The gap in difficulty between the starting area and 100m outside it is insane. I literally had to build a monster in because I couldn't kill it. also if you don't like reading dialog from Quest giver's you'll be left in the dark.:19 of the twenty hours I put into this game only just let me understand most of the basics.:Multiplayer doesn't work at all.:Multiplayer is serverly limited if you do manage.:Highly frustrating when you have to go back and forth over the 1 hour long map on barefoot.
,Not Recommended,237870,10934614,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bong Druid,Why do I buy into this early release♥♥♥♥♥♥Someone Shoot me
,Recommended,237870,9809951,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[KEK] Azurn,"Like SPORE? Like Minecraft? This is pretty much a mash up of it, but in an amazing way! Start a colony, get a wife, have little children.. Well not that but you can blow the hell outta♥♥♥♥♥♥ Use a missile turret and kill them giants! Kill some orc looking thing! Hell yeah! This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing metal you dont even know! 10/10"
76561197996218128,Recommended,237870,10632988,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dadown,"I was a bit apprehensive about buying a game still in alpha development, but its in better shape than many games still in beta. The clincher was that there was a 40% discount and I've been wanting to try a game like this. Its a ""start from nothing"" sort of game where you begin with minimal equipment and resources and gradually craft better things from gathered materials.In the storyline, you have crashlanded on an alien planets with a few friends to help you survive in a hostile environment. The landscape is fully destructable and there is a mode where you can design your own equipment and buildings."
76561198048753505,Recommended,237870,10820131,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Commander in Chief Rick,running... mining... being chased by a huge 4 leg 2 arm beast to turn and see a huge bug dino smashing its face in... no more running now hide must hide and mine 10/10
,Recommended,237870,10837167,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MWMDragon,"Now that Patch 0.82 is out and it fixed the ""Can't click Host Button"" error I was finally able to write this quick review.Building and crafting is great in this game, PVP and alien camp raids are fun, Single Player was fun.. Building your own items from a dagger to a Helicopter.. AMAZING.Now to get online with a few of my friends and give it the true multiplayer test.** Not really a survival/defend game.. more of a build and colonize game.. a nice change of pace!"
,Recommended,237870,11373066,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mr. Green,"If they don't ♥♥♥♥ it up midway, then it will be an awesome game. It kinda is already, but there is enough potential in it already."
,Recommended,237870,11374244,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Arcanith Lionheart,"Like Minecraft? Like exploring? Like huge things to kill? This is the game for ya, you can even create your very own swords if you want! Lovin this game so far it has a huge pretty lookin enviroment as well as a story mode for those single players out there that want quests and story."
76561198083028585,Recommended,237870,11991728,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sergeant117,I made a helicopter flew it close to the water then got eaten by a big fish 10/10
76561198069575738,Recommended,237870,9817768,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SU]Nujuju299,"Tired of minecraft, want more? Planet explorer offers a great deal more!Relative to minecraft, the graphics are infinitely better than minecraft, based on terrain you can do just as much as minecraft, but more realistic and survival like, no punching dirt into youre inventory, you first need a shovel! Placing blocks is different than minecraft, but you don't need it equipped to your tool bar to do so, still able to create castles of stone and diamond, or dirt, whichever is your preference. But wait, that's not all! The ability to create and customize your own weapons and vehicles within the game, and the ability to use and create them in the game, single player, multiplayer, and just plain adventure!"
,Recommended,237870,9894972,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Awake,good game!
,Recommended,237870,11369213,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Chemist_Cup_Noodles,I enjoy this game. 9/10. Please buy it so I can do multiplayer.
76561197995687118,Recommended,237870,11381377,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Scruzo,"Good game, lots and lots of stuff to make and do, keep up the good work. well worth the cost for game"
,Recommended,237870,11403508,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mel,Dug myself into a giant holespent an hour trying to tunnel out11/10 would tunnel again.
76561197994431445,Recommended,237870,12033655,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Viriathu,"I know i only plaed a few hours but its like a first impresion review.The game at this stage is amazing, the planet and landscapes are simply beautiful, they still alot of work though but on the right track for sure.Game mechanics and interface is ok, simple but it works, the game have bugs and odd things and some random frozem screen or CTD, but its rare, again, a fantastic work for a game at this stage in development.Planet Explorers have a huge potential, i almost dare to say, an infinite potential lol, because so many new stuff can made in it.As i said the game still have alot of problems, its unfinished, have bugs and alot of content is missing but its worth every cent i gave to it."
,Recommended,237870,11227117,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,NimrodX,"This is the game that Starforge should have been. If you're tempted to get Starforge, just get this game instead. Things actualy work in this game and there's actually stuff to do. The UI is rather well done, and the block building system includes features like the ability to save a building off as a template to use for further construction. There's also a voxel editor for creating your own item models. Even though the game isn't finished as of the time I'm writing this, it still comes across like a finished game. Also check out Space Engineers, though that one is a bit more technical and more about building vehicles and stuff than this game is."
,Recommended,237870,11431006,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,FREEMASON,"The game is by far great with its sci-fi to what situation mankind would face if traveled to other planets you get to build, defend, gather resources, take on quest, and with a hope of flying to another planet still in the work in the future.My ship crashed, I met the second survivor nearby, built my base right there with the resource i've gathered, added turrets and a landing zone, built me a helecopter that is not of this time, and crashed land it taking out my body guards along with it. Would crash it and do it all over again 10/10"
,Recommended,237870,11739558,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Myrmidon_Achilles,"Quick summary at bottom of review.ReviewPlanet Explorers is a good game with even greater potential. Yes the game is Early Access and it wont be released/completed for a while yet, but it's certainly worth supporting the developers and watching the game evolve.In it's current state it is playable, though you'll encounter alot of bugs and such. One of the worst examples is the Adventure Mode randomly generated worlds. You choose 1 of 4 biomes to be your main biome to play in, the others you'll practically never see in game. Not only this but the original spawn point and camp is normally on it's own island surrounded by a large crevice on all sides (imagine Avatar's floating islands, except these are connected to the world vertically). Not too much of a problem, just build a make-shift bridge out of dirt or something. But it does cause alot of annoyance.Story Mode seem relatively good, though I have barely touched it as it is at this point a long tutorial which you can get the over all feel and mechanics of the game within an hour.As for custom content, this is where the game shines. You can create a nice variety of items and weapons in game at this time. Here's a quick list of 'functional' things you can create; Swords, Shields, Firearms, Boats, Wheeled Vehicles (any type on land transport), Helicopters and Planes. Now when I say functional I mean things that you can use. You can also create in-animate objects, wether it be a flag or a wall decoration, the option is there.As for the construction mechanic, it works well. Everything is built with blocks and easy to place with good camera controls, and your buildings don't look blocky at all they are smooth. Though the gathering of these resources is very tedious. Just scan for ores and mine them or just stand in one spot and hold LMB and keep mining. That's it. There is a scanner that can tell you the location of ores in the world within a short radius, but I rarely use it as the most needed ore can be found in stone alot of the time.Combat is again, tedious. Simpley hold LMB until it dies. That's it. Would be nice if there would be (in the future) a skill system making you more proficient in either melee or ranged, with usable skills so you have to be more active in combat. The problem you will have is in Adventure Mode, any level creature will spawn anywhere. You could spawn near an alien camp, which would mean aliens would always be close to you and until you have good enough loot you will keep dying.Thing's I'd Like To SeeMore 'functional' items to create. An example: custom bed or lights.Better combat with possibility of skills.Make mining less tedious (no idea how that'd be done though).Make world generation in Adventure mode contain all biomes.A variety of pre-built items for those who can't create things too well. Or at least blueprints for them (Just a simple car and plane etc)SummarySo a quick summary of positive (+) and negative (-) points of the game:+Custom content, create what you want.+Choice of 3 game modes (Story, Adventure and Build)+A good amount of crafting recipes, including armour and utilities such as a jet pack.+A very well thought out game which i#has so far been exectued really well.-Story mode (for me) drags on way to long as a long tutorial, didn't even finish it.-World generation in current build for Adventure Mode is messy. Also limited to one biome in adventure mode.-Tedious mining and combat.-Optimisation (expected to have problems as it is Alpha, not game breaking though)A solid 7/10."
,Recommended,237870,9667735,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[F|H]Stronkie,I just love this game. This is one of the EA games I am not dissapointed over. Great works. Enough Fun to play a lot
76561197995946888,Recommended,237870,11480791,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,"Domsch ""Raging Kinski""","Starforge how it should have been by long now.To all Minecraft-Freaks, get it! It is Early, yes, but it offers already a huge amount of content.Performance and controls need some polish, but you can already play the Story-mode!"
76561198024549942,Recommended,237870,11695711,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,bobofari,"I somehow devoured an enemy while he was still alive. This left my character emotionally and physically unbalanced, which forced me to build him a hospital to recover in. That though took him at least three in game years, and by that time it was too late for him...This is a warning! Don't click the option of devouring your enemy whole during a fight! It might seem like the easy way out, but it has consequences..."
,Recommended,237870,11923008,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,kosta,EXPLORING PLANETS HAS NEVER BEEN SO INTERACTIVE AND FUN AND NEXT-GEN 10/10 WOULD EXPLORE AGAIN
76561198027450411,Recommended,237870,12322054,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,velack14,"amazing game worth the time and its still being update with more and more hoping for marrying and pets and much more also editor very easy to use when you know how to and its great you can make your own thingsEdit: A lot of reviews i am seeing of the game are of stupid people who think the finished game will run on their potatoes even though it use too i have looked over all the reviews and not once have a seen an actaully review that was not recommanded and talked about something other then it not running smoothly honestly they are all stupid it runs fine and perfect if you got a good computer, you know one to run other amazing games on,now to the other thing id like to say the devs i give them praise and say they have done a wonderful job already with the game and story in the game there is tons they have created for this game and hard work put into this, they even kept to all thier promises so far but instead you all want to bash them and say its terrible but it is not terrible i mean look what any other sand box game lets you make your own vechiles, items, armors, swords, guns, and much more and have huge land to explore and create colonies and have followers and much more this game has come a very long way and they still update it they still working on it to add more things for you people, you people dont deserve to even play a game all cause you felt wronged by them cause your computer cant handle the game the devs even respond to reviews and comments and listen to the people but some people are just calling the devs out and bashing on them the devs are to nice to say anything but what i say to those people ♥♥♥♥ off and never come back cause these devs have worked and worked and still working to make an amazing game for you all they have done better then other early access games that were abandond by the creators at first sighn of trouble or promises that werent kept yet these devs kept thier promises so where is your promise to support them no matter whati still recommand this amazing game and i will always cause this game is enjoyable and relaxing at times, and fun to drive around in a car you made with friends in it with you and i hope they continue expanding the game i support you devs and i thank you for a wonderful fun game i know my hours might not say it but i have played more of this at my friends house on his pc cause mine broke and i was on his account well a long story but i enjoy and love this game thank you"
,Recommended,237870,11264759,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kuro no Shinigami,"So far I am having a lot of fun with this game. The store page doesn't really do it justice. There are plenty of good reviews out there written far better than I could, but if the idea of a sci-fi version of Minecraft with a lot more depth, better base building, and an awesome system for making your own cars, helicopters, airplanes, swords, guns, base decorations and more I highly suggest looking at video reviews OR... downloading the game demo from the PE Pathea website. Not only that, the game is still being developed.However, the game is not without plenty of bugs being in alpha. Stuff does not always work as you expect. Vehicles may randomly shoot into the air. Framerates can randomly drop or stay very low. The game can crash randomly. You may or may not get an error message. Memory leaks exist. In short, it has issues but has a lot of potentional."
76561197996840802,Recommended,237870,9621328,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,POP,"FUN.....FUN.....FUN...i would recommend game to anyone. Sure its like some others...but thats where it ends...its LIKE some others. A different way to do things, and a different story. It has a load of potientail and if the dev's continue on course this game will be a blockbuster. If you want to have a game with a fun feature...this is the one."
76561197964237779,Recommended,237870,14111886,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JP,"First off this game is alpha in my opinion unfinished games being released on steam is ruining steam and the titles released on early access, that said this is probably the best early access game i've played, disappointing areas are hit confirmation in combat, easily fixed but for some reason isn't. The other is the lack of user friendly tools in the editor in particular copy and paste. Positive areas are the game is relatively stable, plenty of content in plants animals and user creation through the editor, I realise the editor has been listed as both one of the best things and worst things of this game, that's early access for you9/10"
76561198071215324,Recommended,237870,17931713,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,dp2299,The game I have been waiting for my whole life. With new updates rolling in it is becoming even more so.P.S.- found a train cart in a tree stump. 10/10 would find again.
,Recommended,237870,19995315,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Walking Nut,"Mint m8, just ♥♥♥♥ing perfect."
76561198000488079,Not Recommended,237870,20531885,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Prof.TRUTH,"too much damn bugs, unplayable"
,Recommended,237870,20626436,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Oroi,"the last time i played, my graphics would go out (the floors would disappear) and i would fall to death through the floor, the graphics are way to high, and multi player needs to be updated i really love this game and want to keep playing but i have to wait till you guys dumb down graphics,, i cant afford to buy another pc.  whatever you think is good."
76561198088363511,Recommended,237870,10640827,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fellen soldier,ive played a few hours of this game and its awesome but now whenever i load my game i ether fall through the map or my game doesnt load and the program just crashes if anybody can help me please help
,Recommended,237870,10642816,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pocketsand,Cool
,Recommended,237870,18900142,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,wumce,"Good game . Have 479 hrs in game so got my $25 worth . Love the ISO thing can export to web to share or down loading others to use .  Can make anything you can think of.Then use what you make . Sooo CoooL . Make a car then I can drive it. If your in to making thing that work , cars that drive , planes that fly if you make them right.  Even as it stands now it is a supper fun game.     PS Most of us spend more then this game cost going out to the moves so it is will worth the $25"
76561198027381013,Not Recommended,237870,14084812,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ravenshade32,"Won't recommend the game as it stands, not alot to do, crafting seems to have potential but hasnt hit the mark yet. Graphics are fine, gameplay and combat is very simple and the 3rd person for mining it extremely hard to use. Give it a few more updates before you look into buying it."
76561198064244188,Not Recommended,237870,30061967,Posted: 20 February,all,Endless Shogun,"A lot of really great potential with this game. Very fun to play for a short while. But severely lacking where it counts in terms of content. Advanced item creation will keep the builders and artists happy for a while. But anyone looking for hearty adventure, in-depth base building, or a thriving community will have to look else where."
76561198032727384,Not Recommended,237870,20672434,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,An Evil Squirrel!,"Needs work, great potential"
,Recommended,237870,20687567,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,LLBEAN,good
76561198023501206,Recommended,237870,25360841,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Wanaskiwin,"i always thought to my self, it would be really cool if there was a way to design your own weapons and armor and vehicles (etc) in a really easy way. that would be so damn cool. it would also be cool if there was a big open world in which i can dig, shoot, stab and blow up in and fight crazy monsters while i explore some cool new world. space engineers sorta did that, and so did mine craft. then someone made Planet Explorers. then i saw Planet Explorers. ITS GOT ALL THAT HEMOROID CREAM WOT I LOVE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10 outta 10 would cream my pants again while geeking out with a master sword."
,Recommended,237870,16449541,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Thomus,Update: I just found out that this title wasn't abandoned. It was going through a conversion to Unity 5.
,Recommended,237870,16520234,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Taka,with a few tweaks and improvments this game can become one of the best on steam :)
,Recommended,237870,16732749,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ঝStormড়,1. ship crashed on a alien planet2. ditched lady that needed help11/10 would save my self and write bad review
76561198044261204,Recommended,237870,16498473,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Onrelas,"I've only just started playing and nothing is really too complicated. There's a short tutorial at the start of story mode that, with a bit of reading, isn't too bad. Fom there the quests seem to ease you into other mechanics as you progress. Resource gathering and building work well but combat is clunky. The story is simple enough and great so far."
,Recommended,237870,16726963,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Badittude,"This game is quite enjoyable.   I have been able to figure out quite a few things on my own; however, it sure would be nice to have better guides and some help files.I have quite a few hours in now and have figured out even more.  They have quite a good game on their hands once they get it all fleshed out!  So much potential here.My favorite game right now and one of my all-time favorites."
76561198051729307,Recommended,237870,16780949,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,URoRRuR'R'R,"Yeah I'll recommend the game, but it has many flaws that need to be worked out (like the fish, you can look at my screenshots and find one of a massive fish that is just out of the water stareing into my soul with eyes like headlights). It is loaded with cool and interesting things and even has some of my favorite things for a game to have. Like the giant monsters and the creation system, but the whole thing has such a steap learning curve it took me the best of 1 hour to make a crappy looking gun. The UI is weird and wonky at alot of points, but it works. The wildlife is extensive and is filled to the brim with wonderous creatures, but if they weren't as insanly hard to kill in story mode it would be better.EX: At one point for one of the objectives I had to investagate ruins of a past race, but massive bird creatures had taken a liking to the place and the would agro if I approched. So i took up archery and tried long range combat the started chasing me and they did massive damage so I died at least 20 times before I was able to cheese them to death.Also their are game breaking glitches like one I experianced I had to follow a character to a little pond area and their were enemys their and for some reason after I killed them he walked to his spot or close to it at least and he stopped moving. The quest never updated and he never did anything either. THIS HAPPENED EVERY TIME I TRYED TO REVERT TO A SAVE. So I had to restart but I mean the game is still in development I can't bash it to hard.The build mode is great but no ceatures spawn but you so its kind of boring. As far as I know you can't put a build world into an adventure mode so it spawns things but it would be awsome if you could this would be a great sandbox game. Kind of like minecraft but more my style of minecraft no creepers just giant murderous desert titans or robots or what ever they are I don't care the are cool as hell.I saw this game on green light years ago and downloaded the free version and oh my god so many glitches ranging from spawning in the sky and falling to your death to walking strait and then *Poof*AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! right on down to the bottom of the universe it's self. So be thankfull that doesn't happen as much any more.So all its an ok game one to try out for a wile test out everything and see if you like it. Get the game on sale I bought it for full price, I dont really care but its not really worth $20 yet so wait for the full game and then make a full desision. Also please take liberties on the grammer I'm super tired."
76561197987112716,Recommended,237870,16817163,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zid's,"+++Developers seem genuinely interested in this game, despite some misfortune+++One of the sandbox with most freedom out there. Instead of downloading mods to get that decorative item you want, it's pretty straightforward to build it yourself with the in game creator. The complexity of the things you can build is pretty big.+++Brings something new to the table of the sandbox genre+++There is a story and a purpose!++The game is thought out and presents a meaningful and fair challenge.++Supports and encourages the modding community+Effort was put into graphics and animations and they look very good.-There are a few bugs-- game development is pretty slow (at least lately)---Some quests are boring and meaningless. The usual MMORPG quests, fedex quests, kill x enemies quests, escort quests.-A part of the community simply cannot hear any form of criticism. Make a suggestion at your own peril.-Needs a more explanatory tutorial. Took me a while to grasp the full potential of the crafting UI.-Combat needs more fluidityWorth the 23 Euros it's at. There's enough content to justify an non sale buy."
,Recommended,237870,16509390,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bortigo,Still has much to develop. I'll wait patiently untill it's out of early access.
,Recommended,237870,17757406,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MrsLazyGeneral,"I am SO excited to see how this game turns out.  I pop in every once in a while to see what the new content is or see what new missions are built.  It's no where near where it needs to be play wise, but it has SO much potential.I will definatly update my review once the Beta has been updated and there is more game content.  Fun game though."
76561198074262972,Recommended,237870,17568663,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,joseph.crackel,"I really like this game!  Open exploration, building, crafting, mining, hunting...what's not to like?  The controls could be a little better but overall, this is a really great game!"
76561198007662810,Not Recommended,237870,32493970,Posted: 16 June,all,Jugs McBulge,"The game crashes on my new computer, and I have a great computer to play this on. While the first 10+ hours are great, it got boring after awhile. Great concept, but poorly executed. It also freezes when I try and load my saved games. Such a let down. I didnt everything I could to get it to load. Now the game has an error when I uninstall and install it back."
76561197992769151,Recommended,237870,32614448,Posted: 21 June,all,Dor7778,"Amazing game with tons of features and gameplay, can't wait for more."
,Not Recommended,237870,29491628,Posted: 25 January,all,Paydoh,"Has soo much potential but after all of the time this game has been out they still haven't fixed the controls, it's like dayz where when you turn the camera it's kinda delayed. Hard to explain but it's really wonky controls, if they ever fix that i would give this game a huge thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,237870,21984339,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Draylynn,"Great game to burn some time...But feels a little too rough for certain aspects, for example; the graphics options for rendering distances, seem to have little/no effect (floating grass on non-loaded terrain) makes for an offputting and ugly view. Found that quests bug out more often than I'd like.It feels like the development is a little 'all over the place', I hope they finish the jigsaw puzzle.But regardless, it is more than playable compared to other 'early access' games which are often in complete shambles.Unfortunately... It's a long term early access game that 'still' riddled with bugs that have been present since release and still has poor UI control scheme's."
76561198056324905,Recommended,237870,14628981,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,justintee727,"I killed a tree. It's really gone. I like this game.This game already has a lot going on. Ordinarily I do not play sand box games. I just want a game that has everything done so I can run through it all. However, this game is just plain fun. I even built a little house. I had fun hunting and exploring and making things. This game is a good buy, but I did catch it on sale. I just want to keep playing. I didn't even want to write a review.. I just wanted to keep playing."
,Recommended,237870,14906053,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ryanpearl50,"I would recommend this game to anyone who like Minecraft or any other sandbox explorer games. I mean being able to literally design and make your own weapons and vehicles! thats pretty awesome! Just remember that it is early access so there are some bugs, but for what it is now and what its on its way to become, Totally worth it."
76561197968383857,Recommended,237870,14579730,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Malgus/Swagrid,"Fantastic game, I've never played anything like it before. The ability to design your own weapons and vehicles is awesome! I do wish, however that they could do something about hand made stairs in the game where your character doesn't stop on every block."
76561198007316160,Recommended,237870,14911774,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Jim Bananas,"Brilliant game.  If you like open world sandbox with plenty to do to make real progress then this is for you.  The world is fantastic with a variety of environments to explore and monsters to kill.  You can carry an enormous amount of material so you do not have to spend your time running back to base to unload, the crafting system is easy and once you have set up your own colony you can design and build anything from motor bikes, planes, helicopters, vehicles, ships and weapons.The only downside is that the game does crash occasionally and a few of the missions require a bit of help from others but the community is active and helpful.This is a terrific game and although I have only played story mode I am thoroughly impressed and give it a score of 99%.Well done Devs :)"
,Recommended,237870,14686655,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,SupniX,"First off, I reccomend this game to anyone who even slightly enjoyed Minecraft or Terraria, espescially if you enjoyed the building aspect of the games. So what makes this game different?You create your own weapons, shields, vehicles, and decorations. I dont mean MMO-style crafting either, you literally build them from the ground up, voxel by voxel.A few quick warnings; This game does have bugs and glitches (ie, can't currently explore the northern half or so of the map without it crashing). As a side note, monsters and terrain have a bad habit of destroying your favorite vehicles. To solve both problems, save often.Lastly, I wanted to provide a few tips that I wish someone had shared with me.-There is a meteorite crater just north of where you start in story mode, It is full of Iron and Copper and is great for making money.-Almost straight west of the meteorite crater is a ""Rock Formation"" the vendors there sell you the scripts (crafting recipes) for a better pickaxe as well as the parts to make a land vehicle.-To the west of where you spawn (Past where the river forks along the coast) There is a vendor, he sells the items you need to make aircrafts.-Don't try hunting (for currency anyways) with bullets. With a few exceptions, you lose around the same amount you gain. Instead, try building up a vehicle with lots of firepower. As long as you have coal from mining, there really isn't any cost to refill the batteries on said vehicle.-(IMO) Build your vehicles out of Marble. It is easily the most abundant of the resources, making upgrades/repairs cheap. Also, my Marble helicopter currently has 55,000 durability after two upgrades. I will die before it does every time.tl;dr? Yes this game is amazing, no it isn't perfect. There are a few bugs that really need to get fixed, but the game is in alpha. Save often and I would easily give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,237870,14734041,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Cinbad,best game ever!!!! love that you can craft everything and anything from a wall light to a helicopter. i can spend hrs and hrs and not get bored of this game and its even more fun with friends. i say get it for you and all of your closest buds if you got them. it will be money well spent
76561198027774920,Recommended,237870,14759254,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Peanut_Texas,"This game is awesome and worth every penny I spent. It has a staggering amount of content compared to most voxel based games on Steam. You get a single player story campaign in an awesome alient planet with a ton of missions, followers that can be fully equipped, and the list goes on.It also has multiplayer where you can set up your own server either on the pc you are playing on or on your own personal server where your friends can join you."
,Recommended,237870,14790916,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,FullBitGamer,"Pretty fun game, runs like♥♥♥♥♥on my laptop though."
76561197970732172,Recommended,237870,14923537,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Brain Freeze,"Planet Explorers - If you build it you can play with it.I love this game, with over 150 hours in it and so much to do.  I will say Planet Explorers is a missleading name.  At a glance it would seem you just hop from planet to planet and explore them, but there is only one planet.  Of course you can have a different planet each play through but you can't jump from one planet to the next.  What I mean by this is in adventure mode you can generate the type of planet you will explore, A mix of desert, trees, water, grassland etc...You can make your own weapons - riffles, pistols (lasser or bullets).  When I say make you can use a preset weapon to craft, or you can build your own and play with it in the game.  Never played a game with such a nifty option.  It's really awesome to spend an hour designing your weapon, then build it in your adventure/story game.You can make your own transportation - (note only on the planet can not leave the atmosphere and go into outerspace).  Make a 16 wheeler, make a mortorcycle, a 3 wheeler a 4 wheeler,  a tank, a pickup truck, a helicopter, a fighter jet, a flying carpet (lol someone actually did this).  Tons of things to create to drive and fly around in.  Once again its what ever you decide to create.My advice to the developers of this game.  Change your main screen shot advertising this game to reflect more of what this game is about.  A guy and gal in a dust storm in cartoonish fashion doesn't set this up for how great this game is.Maybe a screen shot with helicopters, Guns, mortorcycles, Jets.  ""If you build it they will come"".Great job on what is in the game so far, and can't wait for the AI update.  I just wish you would advertise or hype this game better for what it really is.  It's misleading in a bad way as it doesn't represent the true cool and fun factor."
,Recommended,237870,15069288,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Comrade shinther,"its fairly good, but through a critics eyes i can see why 20% of people dont like this game. cons: the music lacks and reapeats after 1:37 seconds, the game is really f**king slow at first, the alien creatures are too overpowered at first, and finally the quests are extremley slow.however this game is still fairly goodpros:combat is tight and responsiveacheiving things is amazingliy satisfyngmining is good and rewardingand the game looks beautiful.                                                                             7/10"
76561198089104792,Recommended,237870,14676808,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,kemulet,"I LOVE THIS GAME! I have been looking for a game that's like this for a VERY long time! This game may still be in it's alpha stage, but its already worth purchasing!"
76561198060325365,Recommended,237870,15235186,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game is so much fun!!!! Stop reading this an BUY ITPepe/10
,Recommended,237870,15256564,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Iron and Earth,"Needs a massive UI overhaul, but I like what is there. Look forward to playing this game more as it gets better."
,Recommended,237870,14597541,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,najs.,"Alpha stage, many bugs.Somehow stil entertaining."
,Recommended,237870,14685169,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Shadowalker,"Where to start. I'm playing the .87 alpha version and having a great time. There are plenty of bugs, some game breaking. These are planned to be fixed in the .9 update.  I've built all sorts of colonies: Hobbit colonies in the side of hills. A plateau colony; very defensible AND it makes a great spot for hang gliding. A cave colony which, sadly, crashed the game on me.Constructing vehicles is great fun.  I’ve designed one that was little more than a rocket and a cockpit which proceeded to disintegrate with me on it after a few meters. I’ve built a mountain crawling troop transport with 16 wheels.  Motorcycles and helicopters. I’ve been limited by my imagination and part number limits (i.e. 16 wheel limit).Mining can be fun or boring depending on your purpose. I spread my mining out between building and questing.  Mine for 4 hours straight and you’ll hate it.  Especially if your game crashes or gets hung up. Hint: don’t mine near water until the next patch your saves will get corrupted.Speaking of saves.  You have plenty of slots to use for saving your world.  This is really convienent since you hae three play modes to choose from.  Story is where it’s at for me.  I like having a story line in my games and objectives. Adventure mode is more of a sandbox only play. Build mode is great for building, testing, and saving your designs since there is unlimited resources. There is also a multiplayer component. Sorry to say I haven’t much tried that part of the game.Updates are a little slow. I want the full game now, but they can’t make that happen. So if you want it all complete and ready to play then wait to buy. Otherwise you’ll sink countless hours into this game and say to yourself and to any who’ll listen “when is the next *censored* update *censored* it!”  Another great thing is that the devs are active with the forum community so be heard!All said this is a very enjoyable game and I’ve spent more hours on it in alpha than I have with most of my release games.Maybe a little bit of a SPOILER if you keep reading but not a major one.The story line is pretty good so far, but still under development. I find it interesting, different, and quite funny that you begin the game with meat as the currency until your colony is built. Finally monsters/animals stop dropping gold.  I mean what animal carries a coin purse!"
,Recommended,237870,15030000,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,FinalCPU,"An excellent start, but like any other game needs refinement.The animations are janky, the story ramps up quickly if you don't grind for the first materials, and the graphical experience simply needs a polish. There is so much potential for this kind of crafting, building, voxel based action rpg, neigh infinite possibilities."
76561198116658974,Recommended,237870,14685632,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Chibi-Panda,REALY CCCOOOOOLLLLL GGGGGAAAAMMMMMMEEE !!!!!
76561198130185456,Recommended,237870,14694527,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Terabyte843,This is a great game. so much land to explore and such beauty. its a whole new planet that you can explore and the crafting is so cool. i think its great that you can build your own wepons. you need a slighty powerful computer its a little laggy on the crap thing i have. but its still a great game... i just hope they change the music... its too much opra for a planet explorer.. they need exploring music not calm boring music... adventurous music :)
76561198050783358,Recommended,237870,14814870,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Akedus,"I think that this game is absolutely fantastic. I picked it up the last time it was on sale and I have gotten tons of entertainment for my money.It can feel a bit nuanced but once you get the hang of it it's truly a great game!Needs some more content, but what's there is already great."
76561198032540624,Recommended,237870,14890794,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ducktapewarrior,"While still in Alpha, the building tools are VERY fun!  Holy crap :)  The story, as of 3/14/2015, is not bad; fun dynamic from a few sci-fi predictions with a Earth and Mars colonial falling out (Babylon 5 comes to mind).  Custom weapons is awesome... but custom vehicles and airships?  Damn!  Custom buildings... custom cities lol!  Fun times, for those of us who love sandbox creativity!Adventure mode offers a great bit of fun for people who want to sandbox it even harder, away from the story mode limitations.  Of course, being diced to pieces by a massive floating disc of death just a ways away from the starting colony was amusing.Really looking forward to seeing how the game develops!!"
,Recommended,237870,14493607,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,The Decoy,"It's a very good wonder-around-doing-nothing kind of game. If they ever get around to making combat actually fun and some sort of colony management, I'd probably waste more time in this game than I did with minecraft."
,Recommended,237870,14559515,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Not Birthday Boy (Alfons),This really is a game with like no limitations.Oh ♥♥♥♥ theres glitches
76561198024692064,Recommended,237870,14596264,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lady_Death7669,"It's still in alpha state, but boy do I wish they had a beta, or a polished new version.  Lot's of potential with this game, and I've not scratched the surface.  Let's hope we can add lots of help to their game.  And, make it great all the way around."
76561198028431224,Recommended,237870,14601869,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Leo,"Love this game, it takes all the features of survival in space and makes it fun and very enjoyable. on the downside it still has alot of bugs that are hindering my will to play. their forums on their main site also needs maintenence, as their bug tracker does not seem to be working correctly. there needs to be a serious update to fix the current random crashes. this is to good of a game to have it fall victim to bugs"
,Recommended,237870,14605614,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,baby,An ok game with a nice soundtrack. 4/10.
76561197992146888,Recommended,237870,14637931,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,master_jedi_dude,"This is a pretty cool game so far, but it still needs some polish.  I've played for a couple of hours and I'm enjoying the graphics, music and the art direction.  The controls take a bit to get used to, but I'm adapting to them.   My biggest joy so far is the exploration aspect of the game.  It's a gorgeous landscape and you really feel like you're on some alien world.  I've also been able to pick up the crafting features pretty quick and I haven't had any trouble finding resources.  It's very straight-forward if you've played any RPG or survival game in the past.  My biggest complaint is the night.  The flashlight is crappy and you don't have a good handle on how it's aimed.  My advice is to hunker down at night and craft for a while -- literally wait it out until morning.  I stumbled acrossed some nasty critters and could see what I was doing or what was attacking me.  And the combat is pretty meh.  I've just set up some turrets and I'm about to craft some guns.  I feel that these will serve me better than hand-to-hand combat.  Overall, it's a good game for the price and I look forward to building better equipment to protect me and my team from the locals.  I look forward to seeing the finished game, but a note to the developers:  MAKE THE FLASHLIGHT BETTER!  Thanks!"
76561197970522506,Recommended,237870,14677434,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,dilagraphas,"This game gives you open world freedom combined with a great stroy.  Even though it is still in Early Access and is painfully buggy, it is already one of my all time favoriate games.  I would give more detail, but hay...just get it and try it for yourself.  You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,237870,14722690,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,NoOblet,i got this game on sale not knowing anything about it .just watched the video they had on the store page.this game is amazing and its still in early stages.just buy the game.you wont be disappointed .its well worth the full price.yes the game has bugs and its problems.but that's expected .i have like 69 hours so far on record.they did a great job on the world and wild life.makes you feel you're on a different world.i want to say more but i have to leave for work.just buy the game.
,Recommended,237870,14733729,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,teimou,"The world is very interesting and the atmosphere is engaging. Core mechanics work pretty well, although some little changes and bug fixes are obviously still required. UI is still pretty bad, but I'm sure devs will fix that.You can easily spend many hours playing on one sit gathering resources and crafting stuff. My favourite moment was when I built a jetpack and a rifle for the first time and hunted down some bizarre looking jungle monsters.I hope they will keep updating this game."
76561197991555740,Recommended,237870,14788810,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dark_Dragon,Im actually finding myself loosing myself in this game and well its really coming along yeah sure theres a few bugs and stuff but its a work in progress and actually quite interesting
,Recommended,237870,14809617,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KatoNamus,"I've tested a few of these ""Minecraft 2.0 wannabes"" (as I call the genre) and by far Planet Explorers is the best, in my opinion.While it is true that the game has gone quite long without updates before (yes, a whole year) the devs have explained what happened (tl;dr version: they had to recover from outsource-induced damage), but they are now on top of things once more and updates are coming in regularly again.It is also still true that some glitches might need you to restart your game (usually in story mode) but that's mostly because the patches that fix those issues can't fix them retro-actively. Having a savegame from before you encountered the problem is usually sufficient to prevent this from happening.Multiplayer also leaves much to be desired but the devs are working on that.Remember: this game is still in pre-release, you're bound to run into some bugs."
,Recommended,237870,15083825,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,fornix,"Super fun, even in alpha."
,Recommended,237870,14509957,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Admiral Akbar,"The game is amazing, the game does have some bugs but the story line is what makes this game great in my opinion"
76561198080990293,Recommended,237870,14559414,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TFDN Derptrooper,"In the story mode of this game you must find and bring a whole ship load of colonists together after crash-landing on an Bezier alien world filled with big stompy creatures and hostile natives. In your quest to establish a colony on this harsh, unforgiving and yet somehow still impossibly beautiful world you can build your own swords, guns, lazers, tanks, bikes helicopters boats and more to aid you in your quest. That should be enough to convince anyone to buy this game.The game is still in early access but I think the devs are going to pull it off and into a successful release as there are regular and good updates which bring new content and fix bugs."
,Recommended,237870,14562236,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bocoarmy,Excellent game wish they'd fix a few things but it is Alpha and if you like having adventures on a alien world this is the best game to do so :)
,Recommended,237870,14570786,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Heartless Empathy,"I went on a leg to buy this game. Steam was having a discount on it. I'm a sucker for sandbox games and this ticks many of my desires in a game. I love being able to build anything I want, how I want it. It's great. There is a minor learning curve, but still easily learned. Haven't stumbled upon many glitches, just a few small ones. The ability to fly and glide is great. Building is superb. You really can get into details. My problems currently are no door locks, anyone can destroy your building in build mode by removing, and the black floor while mining.This game has a lot of potential, I hope player base picks up and the Devs keep it up.AS is 8.5/10."
,Recommended,237870,14593244,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Freakzo,"Great game, great graphics. This is a game I would recommend in a heartbeat.Just watch out for those rat-people that throw poop, they can kill you."
,Recommended,237870,14608455,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,HekatonCheires,"currently (23-feb-2015) this game have critical bug.after you save, load again. then it stuck 100% loading progress(not always but HUGE possibility).i recommand buy this game after that bug patched.game itself is good. but if dev dont fix this deal breaking bug, maybe you have to wait until next update.donno when the nex patch comming and still no reply from dev about hotfix.-----Correction : (06-03-2015) Critical bug above fixed and now this game works good.as i mention before, now I highly recommand this game.have kickass voxel engine and contents not finished yet but very good.if you interest build your own equipment, this is the game.now you can Land-Vehicle, Air-Vehicle, Sword, Shield, Gun, Stuff, House butdev said we can build armor, cloths etc. laterActually, better than minecraft."
76561197973242161,Recommended,237870,14610235,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,[MERC] Starbridge,I have played a lot of sandbox adventure games and I can see this one going very far.  It is a lot better than all of the other ones I have played because it is in depth with building and crafting.
,Recommended,237870,14638035,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,✪Cordelia✪,"This game is definitely going places - it's very enjoyable to play and has an interesting Story mode. With some more optimisation and multiplayer bugfixes it'll be better as an alpha than a lot of games are at release :) When Planet Explorers is fully released, I'm sure it will be amazing, given what I've seen so far."
,Recommended,237870,14644897,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,NineTailGoddess,"Great Concept, though I can't really build worth crap. Still in it's Alpha as it's glitchy, fun though! Definitly has HUGE potential. Hope they add buildable fortresses / housing and vehicles soon cause I just can't build the kind of stuff they show in the trailers. I do enjoy it while it works and doesn't glitch out and or crash."
76561198044415483,Recommended,237870,14655412,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,trspass4,Very good game. Amazing creative aspects. Worth the price.
,Recommended,237870,14672673,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DadBeatz,"I've played aroun 2 hours so far, and as such I've not explored the entire planet, built anything which really works, or killed anything bigger than a bug sized object. That said, I feel like I've explorered enough to cough up this review. I've enjoyed the game so far, the atmosphere is right, the graphics are not super detailed but are atmospheric and the music, whilst would not win the Eurovision sound contest, is good (not overly annoying). I'll probably punch in a few more hours of game play soon. Buy it, don't buy it, either way have a spiffing time."
,Recommended,237870,14684946,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Scar,"I've played this alpha for about 12 or 13 hours now, and I am amazed. Seems very clean for an alpha game. I suspect this game will be amazing once completed.The worlds are rich and realistic. The variety of alien animals are simply breathtaking. Just realistic enough to believe it.I was hesitant to even bother to try this game, but glad I did. Its easy to become addicted to. If you enjoy sandbox type survival games, this is a must have. The authors seem to be going out of their way to produce an A+ game."
,Recommended,237870,14694105,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Thesoloknight,"I like this game. It is especially fun because you can build your own weapons and ships. The only thing I think they should add is creatures in build mode, because I have nothing to kill with my new weapons. Otherwise, it is a very fun game"
,Recommended,237870,14713449,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Karras,"My opinion on the game is at the top, and my personal story with the game is at the bottom.I think all of the great things about this game are apparent in the trailer, so I will touch on the cons:-Controls/Camera:The movement is a little jumpy and floaty (if you jump and hold forward you will 'stick' to the wall). The camera is rough and will often go through walls when you are in tight/interior areas. Your chacter will clip through walls and other geometry, commonly resulting in being deposited on the other side. Especially when using the awesome rope gun to grapple around (like Dying Light).-Combat:Combat doesn't have a sense of connection to the attacks and reactions of things being hit. There is no real reason to go melee over ranged unless you want to spend more repairing all your armor.Despite these things I mentioned, the rest of the system is so fun they didn't really matter to me. When this game is more stable I know I will put a lot of time into this game and enjoy it completely. *** I will repeat, even if all the issues above aren't improved/resolved when the game exits alpha/beta, I would still play and recommend this game (it's that good). ***I recommend the game, just be aware some parts are rough around the edges and you could lose your hard work at any time. (read below for more info on that)--- My personal disaster ---My friends and I had a lot of fun running around, making things, mining, gliding, fighting, etc. After putting about 30 hours into making a colony, and various other things, the game crashed after logging into our server in the area near our colony. It loads fully and crashes after about 3 seconds in game.My friend logged in to the server fine in another area and was able to come to the colony without issues. When he logged out in this area and then logged back in, same crash. So, something is corrupt in this area of the map. No we both cannot log in. 30 hours seemingly lost, though it was fun getting there. As this game is in alpha we knew the risk. That being said, we aren't playing until it gets a full release or some massive updates."
,Recommended,237870,14879355,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,~Ninja~Pallo,"Early Access Review. Just gonna go ahead and place that out there. Not perfect. But all I had to do was play the game for a couple of hours and I know this is gonna be a fantastic game. Here's my story.Loaded into the game, messed around for a bit, built a gun with some ammo and went hunting. In my adventure i was attacked by a large ogre like monster with a heavy machine gun. After the epic battle i stood over the corpse to collect my loot. expecting money? guns? materials? nope. a Pita Salad. I was sold and eagerly await the final product."
76561198163934836,Recommended,237870,14494219,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,☙❦❉Vixer❉❦❧,A good game :)
76561198013258448,Recommended,237870,14644016,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,|FAN| Clam Clapper,If you've been searching for a fun crafting game LOOK NO FURTHER this game is for you!!!
,Recommended,237870,14670485,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sciensophocles,"The good:-Satisfying exploraton (especially in story mode)-Incredibly deep creation system (relatively simple too)-The world feels alive and there's plenty to do-Looks good and runs fairly well on my turdtop-Awesome devsThe bad:-Digging is downright clunkly-Adventure and multiplayer are buggy to the point of unplayability (Early Access though so this'll probably change)-Combat is a little simplistic (A0.9  is supposed to revamp it though, so there's that)-Learning curve is a bit steep with a barebones turorialThe probelms I have with this game are generally things that the devs have already said will change. I personally adore this game and I can't recommend it enough. As it stands the story is unfinished but loads of fun to play anyway and the feeling of venturing into the unknown and discovery is something that I so rarely get in games. Back that up with the complex item and building creation and this game already stands on its own two legs."
,Recommended,237870,14713558,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,XX0wnsXY <IBIS>,"Planet explorer's has the framework to be a really cool game. The game feels like alpha, because it is alpha, however is still fun to play. The scenery is beautiful and that's a major plus for me. I look forward to watching the game develop."
,Recommended,237870,14884252,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,o0i4i0o,"I've bought and played many a sandbox game, this one is by far my favorite.  Crafting, check, world modding, check, the ability to craft as many varied vehicles, weapons, tools etc, check!  The amount of hours ive played isnt showing up because i was unplugged for a month, i must have clocked in over 200hrs to date on this, and its still in alpha phase!!!  I've never regretted buying alpha, but with Planet Explorers, it already feels like a complete game, and just keeps getting better!  Kudos to the creators of PE! es, its an ambitious project, but so far its all been well implemented.  I highly recommend this game to fans of Minecraft/sandbox type games, and just buy the game already, build a VTOL, motorcycle etc, and tinker away!!"
76561197981005048,Not Recommended,237870,31346363,Posted: 24 April,all,aubreymal,"This game is broken. Many features with in are not working properly. the game crashes a lot, for me at least. There is a great deal of information missing in the tutorials and through out the story line. The creation sub-app is unfinished and unpolished. And once vehicles are created and you notice that it doesnt quite do what you intend the vehicle to do there is no ""fixing"" it without scrapping the whole project and starting a new one from scratch.Its very frustrating."
,Not Recommended,237870,13980882,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mister_ee,"Edit* After these few updates I feel safe to say now it is worth the buy on discount.Haddo Ee here for another review. - means bad, = means neutral, + means good. I reviewed this at 3 AM so bear with me.-Release date set in march 2014? I remember checking this out more than a year ago as seen on this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4x6Ch3gJBq8April 12, 2013. Kickstarter set up then. Must have not been out to steam for a while, but it was out all right.-So far even though there is a windowed option, you can only keep it in fullscreen if you don't want the game to cut out parts of your screen+They improved the player customization! 12 new faces, 8 different head options, face editing width/height of facial and body features though no mustache :c-gives characters abs and sweet muscles, not as skinny as I.-Weird main menu music...=15 letter max for names=Adventure mode kind of looks rpg-like+Can customize weapons and vehicles from scratch-Story modes beginning graphics looks like they came from 1995 along with sound.+Huge open sandbox world with many creatures.=crafting system requires blueprint stuff to craft.-AI is currently poor, I hope in the future this will be solved.-Weird money system.-Giraffes shoot lazer beams...-Story mode glitches out, almost impossible to play.==========Getting mad now=========-Story mode glitches after boss fight every time. no possible way to pass.-Voice actors are horrible, they should've just left text instead of voices, it would have been better and less work.-crashed after attempting to use scanner.-Boss melee attacked me 100 yards away, two hit kill with full health, when revived I only have a quarter of health, insta kills me whenever I attempt to revive.-Pausing the game does not actually pause the game.-Several bugs and glitches in this game and yet creators felt necessary to add a cinematic panning in and out slowly, useless, sometimes bugs and freezes, and is a waste of time.-waving grass has been proven useless, = I guess for being able to turn it off.+Multiplayer is fun to mess around and build in.I understand this game is a work in progress, but I looked into this game nearly 2 years ago and still today they have not fixed the storymode, or most glitches.Would recommend this for multiplayer, but the negatives out-weigh the positives. If this goes on sale for 50+% off then I would recommend buying. Who knows maybe in the future they will fix these, but for now I do not recommend Planet Explorers, despite it still being highly recommended."
76561198148122731,Recommended,237870,16075584,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,booly,i can not even say how much this game is worth your money and time. It is truly the next minecraft
76561197986064561,Recommended,237870,16018620,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,seregon1218,"Great game it feels like Mine Craft 2015 edition with all the good looks, plus game play"
76561198094954378,Recommended,237870,24951511,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,adbumgarners,"Has a good amount of depth.  I haven't had time to get into every nook and cranny of the game but am happy so far with it.  Haven't run into any bugs so far.  Mining, gathering, crafting, it's all there."
76561198018646433,Recommended,237870,15857156,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Chefkush,"Of all the creation/sandbox games that I have been checking out in early access, Planet Explorers is the most impressive thus far.  It is leaps and bounds ahead of Landmark (although landmark is a prettier game is some respects).  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237870,10083756,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Netch Feverfew,"This has to be one of the prettiest open-world sandbox games. While others sandbox games fill themselves with the 2D or voxel art styles, this game concentrates it on the 3D world like another similar game, Windborne. While Windborne concerns itself within a magical realm and makes everything centered around building defenses for your new kingdom, Planet Explorers sets you down as a human colonist on the planet Maria. There's a more sci-fi/modern twist to an already saturated genre.Also, there's an Adventure Mode. Minecraft lets you do whatever you want as they just plop you into the game mode. Planet Explorers is trying to give you a story. Since it's a beta, the word 'engaging' is far from it. The quests in Adventure Mode mirrors predecessors like World of Warcraft. Fetch, kill, escort, harvest - it's tedium faced from other games in a Single Player  environment. The only difference between World of Warcraft and Planet Explorers is that there is the allowance of creativity that WoW cannot afford in its multiplayer experience.I have yet to play the other two modes but when I do, I will give my full review here."
,Recommended,237870,12040079,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,LemmeLoveYou,"I love this game. It is a little confusing and hard, but fun. The crafting is the most confusing but other than that its fun. The mobs are hard. The health is insane on them and the damage is sooooooooo high. My rating on this game is a 7/10."
76561198007234340,Recommended,237870,24183541,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sky Fox,"Excellent game from what I am seeing so far with huge potential.A great diversity in materials and production, focusing on the final production of your colony.Complete freedom to design and build your stuctures, vehicles and weaponary.The only thing that i have found that I do not like is that there is very little info on the colony buildings and most of the video content for this game is massively out of date.For example slots for the medical buildings dont tell you what they need!!Please can we have more help ingame :)"
,Recommended,237870,25437848,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dilanli,"Overall a good game that I will recommend to my friends. In some parts of this game it's great, such as crafting, basebuilding and a decent story line, in some other part, such as close combat fighting system, it will take some time getting use to. I played few crafting games before and did not find any other game like this one. especially when I figured out how to design and craft a armor, it was one of those ""what! I can do that s**t?!"" moment, I really enjoyed it."
76561198086093824,Recommended,237870,25463311,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"Has lots of potential.Still things being fixed with lots of glitches and problems etc, but is playable and lots to mess about with and have fun with.Looking forward to more developments with Planet Explorers for sure! :)Lots of good fun to be had with the editor too."
76561197960416558,Recommended,237870,28766110,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☣ʍѧd☢ʍѧи☣,"This game has so many things going for it. Runs great, looks great, interesting life forms, story mode, adventure mode, collecting resources, build structures, vehicles, armor and weapons. Create your own colony, farm build hunt explore. Single player, optional multiplayer, pvp if you want or play co-op and start a community. Huge map of different biomes and Workshop, the people over at Pathea Games put heart and soul into this game and you really can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,237870,28922164,Posted: 1 January,all,pittstonjoma,"It's like a cross between Ark: Survival Evolved and Minecraft. It's pretty addicting!Adventure mode is a bit flawed, though. Make sure that you have a nearby water resource and that you get the quest with the recipes for the tools and sleeping bag. I had to try it three times to get the world I wanted.Another tip: In story mode, don't get the doctor until you do all the side quests for Gerdy, up to and including the sausage recipe.Tip 3: Parachuting off mountains is freaking awesome."
76561198125754338,Recommended,237870,34163371,Posted: 11 August,all,GunPowderPie,"i have played this game for a bit, i did enjoy it a lot, but of course it has to many bugs that just make it hard to keep going on, if i have ever seen a game with potential it would be this one, but for now dont get the game cause you want to expect better from it, get it to give it a try and maybe you will find that it would be real fun to see it through. i dont reccomend playing this game alone at all, a lot of the value in this game revolvs around online, even though the servers are dead."
76561197993448092,Recommended,237870,34321896,Posted: 17 August,all,greydragon,"This game is fun but it's obviously in a rough draft. The placement of buildings and other iso's is cumbersome and needs refinement. the ability to lay down a continuous line or simple objetcs is missing and hence wall building is painfull. Doing any work in an enclosed space becomes a lesson in frustration and I've, once, accidentaly deleted a file from my desktop in windowed mode. oops. draging and dropping needs work. The game has potential but needs lots of work."
76561198009455568,Recommended,237870,34355488,Posted: 19 August,all,Turator,This game rocked. I really had fun with it. i want mooore!
76561198119566830,Recommended,237870,34536234,Posted: 27 August,all,Beachell10,"Not the best game ever, but it's cheep decently well made, offers plenty to explore, sound track has parts I really love and is overall good. It isn't as pollished as many modern games but that's not what I look for in games much anyway. What this game shines at is drawing you into the world, with useing some suspension of disbelif it has been a rewarding experience. To make a comparision it's like a better looking minecraft, with guns, star trek like gaddgets, NPC's (that I feel protective of) The best part is the open world aspect, you can even craft your own guns, and ships to look however you want. I can't seem to figure out how to make the colony though. :P And the control lay out can take some geting used to each time I come back to play the game. If you like space and want to feel what it might be like being one of our far off decendents traveling to a new world and have a bit of patence with not great but now awful voice acting and know not to expect AAA type quality then I think you'll like it. In any even I love this game."
76561198029616686,Recommended,237870,34421021,Posted: 22 August,all,Bobby G,One of my top games!!
76561198124999119,Recommended,237870,25323879,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Renato,"Many great developers, very responsible, do not stop to keep the game updated, this is what someone who buys something in development hold, I am very satisfied with the purchase. I look forward to more titles.(Otimos desenvolvedores, muito reponsaveis, não param de manter o jogo atualizado, é isso que alguem que compra algo em desenvolvimento espera, estou muito satisfeito com a compra. Aguardo ansioso por mais titulos.)"
76561197981478085,Recommended,237870,21985364,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Erei,"Planet explorers is minecraft meets star trek. It is about exploring a new world, building a colony, and meeting with new sentient lifeform, using (or not) diplomacy. You can also build planes, helicopters, ground vehicles, weapons, armor... the way you want.Or purge the xenos from their homeworld.Or build a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥city, with your fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥power armor,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rifle, flying your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥copter, and be a♥♥♥♥♥♥with everyone you meet."
76561198023743353,Recommended,237870,10013159,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Handsomeawkward,"It's like Starbound, but with better graphics.  Only major difference I have noticed other then that is you can only play one race and the character customization isnt as deep.  Overall though if you like one of these games you'll probably like the other."
76561198040331763,Recommended,237870,10780132,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ol'Brad,"I have not played it too much yet, But I have enjoyed myself thoroughly so far. I do feel like guns are a little overpowered, and I have found that there are a few graphical glitches, but the creation panel is something I can find myself lost in. 8/10, hoping the game gets it's few needed improvements."
,Recommended,237870,10914443,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BioMech,Very interesting game with some fun possibilities. A must-get.
,Recommended,237870,11387106,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,trombe,Couldn't disable grass.Framerate too low to play unless disabling grass works in the future.Looks neat though! Support the developers :D
76561198005620596,Recommended,237870,11389177,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,g4mepl4yer,"So far the framework for a beautiful and intriguing game is there, it needs to be streamlined and fleshed out so that it is more friendly to the user and offers a full gaming experience. Overall I would say excellent for an Alpha."
76561198132208278,Recommended,237870,11398601,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sprayface,"i changed my review to a thumbs up. i can be an idiot sometimes.this game is kinda good, i kinda reccomend it."
,Recommended,237870,11444182,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,FleshyCannibal,I am super addicted to this game!
,Recommended,237870,11594092,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lostplshelp,"This is quite a fun game, something you can put hours and hours into before getting bored, but there are quite a few performance issues. i mean if i can run skyrim on max everything i shouldnt be able to run PE above the lowest graphics setting right?"
,Recommended,237870,11762907,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Evie,"SPOILER: This review is small and pretty opinionated. It isnota comprehensive review on all features and Ihave notexplored every feature availble to the game currently, just most of them. I likely will not explore too much more of the game and it's features but, as I support this game, I will closely monitor it's patches and development.PROS: For the most part, in it's current state, this game is very fun to play.-Multiplayer; being able to gather materials faster and more efficiently to be able to build helicopter gunships for decimating alien encampments is far too much fun. Honestly, after my experience playing the game with my friends, the fun we had was almost criminal.-Hunting; when it comes to hunting these large-scale dinosaur-like creatures, this game really shines. Especially when you have access to better gear so you don't have to rely on hit and run tactics to lure the beasts towards your substantially better equipped AI.-Crafting; holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Being able to craftrealtechnology is amazing. No more of that unnecessarily complicated, unreasonably restrictive redstone fluffy flutter from Minecraft.Real Technologywith areal impacton gameplay and progression. The list of available recipes is gigantic and, at first, very overwhelming. But it makes the game really something to behold.-Vehicles; worth. Do you like strapping lazer canons and missile silos onto a poorly made car with thrusters and calling it a helicopter gunship? I do. Do you like using that very same vehicle to wreak mayhem and destruction on those god damned Aliens that endlessly spawn from their camps? I do.CONS: That's right, you knew we would get to this part as soon as you saw the word ""pros"". And to a great degree of sadness, this list is much larger than the other one. So much larger, it's hard to pick a good starting place.-Multiplayer; ♥♥♥♥ing port-forwarding. Everyone's least favorite chore. Iliterallyhave friends who would rather pay me their hard-earned, broke college student funds than do their own port-forwarding. Ironically, even I don't like doing it. It's bizarre; it's complicated and simple at the same time. Usually you just go to your router's browser page at 192.168.1.1 and follow some simple directions to get the port forwarded. Combine that with some firewall exceptions and you've got yourself an open port for some multiplayer madness. Assuming it actually works. Which, most of the time, is the problem. There's almostnevera layman's solution to port-forwarding without buying a program to forward the ports for you. You can't just strap in and forward the ports without having to learn the arbitrary process first, it rapidly gets you very involved and educated on how to do it like a professional through a mind-numbing few hours of trial and error. And unless you do it the mythicalright way,which is different per router, you'll find that before long your ports are closed again. tl;dr port forwarding for multiplayer is a bad solution, but a cheap one. Invest a little in better multiplayer and watch the crowds eat up your game.-Hunting; oh boy. Want to hunt something that can'twreckyou like it's name was Ralph? Really boring and offers almost nothing you'll need to build decent survival gear or buy it. Want to hunt something thatactuallygives a worthwhile supply of necessary materials like animal skins and fat or isn't just plain boring to fight? Well be prepared to overly rely on your AI or multiplayer comrades because otherwise it will kill you and♥♥♥♥♥♥your corpse into the ocean. For most of the entire game, it's usually a far safer idea to simply avoid almost everything and mine for materials in vast quantities to be able to emerge from the earth as the most powerful entity on the planet. But then the game is boring because nothing provides a challenge anymore.-Crafting; bore chore. As excellent as the crafting system of this game is at delivering impacful technology that feels as good as it performs... Actually crafting it is obnoxiously boring. It's all about making excessively vast quantities of little materials to be able to make smaller and smaller quantities of larger and larger materials until you have everything you need. The only redeeming feature here is that you can produce things in bulk, which you'll quite often rely on because otherwise you'll have to makeallof the necessary materials over and over again until you no longer need to make whatever oddity you're crafting to begin with. It takes such a long time to make anything worthwhile or important,especiallythe various vehicles in the game.-Vehicles; I didn't sign up for this. The vehicle creation menu/functionality is a very frustrating feature of the game. Especially for those like myself that aren't very creative-minded andSWEATwhen presented that much crafting freedom. As much as I like the freedom offered in the feature, you need to at least present some guidelines or most players will just be lost in the age old question of ""Where the ♥♥♥♥ do I even start?"" Let's not even get that much into the controls of the vehicle crafting feature because all that needs to be said is prepare to rely on the undo function heavily as you constantly mutter ""I didn't want to do that"". Or the arbitrary fact that you have to go into a separate menu just to assign wheels for steering. Last, the fukitol cherry on top, multiplayer additional seating is present in the game but currently not functioning properly or even with any sense of purpose. But I imagine that last bit will be fixed soon.-Gathering; so many problems. Wood gathering? Takes too damn long if you want to get any worthwhile amount of wood that is determined seeminglyat ♥♥♥♥ing randombased on the size of the tree you're chopping down. Mineral gathering? Prepare to scour every inch of the planet trying to evenfindthese materials. They're arbitrarily hard to locate; but I guess that's not so bad when you can mine them in the thousands if you're willing to spend the time doing it once you actually find a vein. Underwater/Oceanic gathering? Unfortunately necessary for the later parts of the game. To make matters worse, to build a boat for easy/safe underwater/oceanic gathering you need oil/petroleum. To get this, you need a boat to be able to safely traverse the waters without getting immediately killed by a dino-shark-demon. I'm sure you see the cycle here.-Voxels/Vertices/Whatever; the last, but greatest con.NEVER IN THIS GAME IS IT WORTH TO MINE WITHOUT AT LEAST A COPPER PICKAXEYou'll mine voxels/vertices/whatever so finely that creating a mine to work in that isn't game breaking or safe to actually stand in is next to impossible unless you're really diligent and have the time on hand to actually do it. Copper pickaxes are one of the first pickaxes that actually mine larger voxels/vertices so you can make flat surfaces for mining much more easily. But again, this is mainly only achievable if you are willing to take the time necessary to actually do that. And based on the reactions of my friends in multiplayer, nobody wantsthatjob.That would be about it. I really enjoy this game, but it just needs a few fixes and gameplay changes. But this should be expected as it is still in alpha. Would I recommend this game? Definitely. Would I recommend this game while it's still in alpha? Yeah, I still would. But there are definitely some fixes that need to happen for the dev team to maximize player enjoyment. If you're sitting on the fence with this game, allow me to say that it's well worth it if you're willing to look past some clear flaws and just have fun playing what works really well. Either way, keep a close eye on the game's development and patches for improvements and fixes; I know I will be."
,Recommended,237870,11916256,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Baterick Patman,"Fun, but only with friends."
76561198081897908,Recommended,237870,11927846,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,gravy_business,"I have played mostly the story mode, using the building functionality to weave in a little creativity, but I have yet to play this a la Minecraft. But I really, really like the game! The story is interesting, the world is immersive, and it's just plain cool. It's a very well done game. However, it's by all means still in Beta.My complaints:-Some of the missions require walking back and forth across the (very large) map, with fast traveling not an option when you have a follower. I dislike that, it's a waste of time. Enabling followers to fast travel with you would fix this, and I'm confident they'll do that before the final version.-The storyline gets implayable at a certain point. I hit a wall where a bug disallowed the game from recognizing one action as complete, and it couldn't progress the story. Obviously, these will be handled before a full release, so it's not fair to say the game is bad when it's simply (and admittedly) incomplete, but I thought it was nonetheless worth mentioning in my review.-Gathering resources to go through stuff you use in regular gameplay gets a little tedious. You can buy resources from certain NPCs, but the quantities available are small and the prices high. Building your own stuff is a nice part of the game, but gathering resources for an hour just to restock on bullets is annoying. Again, I expect they may improve this before the final release.My praises:-I really like the way combat is done, the way you can focus on it or not. There's a fair amount of combat to be done, but I just made automatic turrets, carry them in my inventory, and let them take care of whatever it is while I just keep clear. That way, combat for me is just making sure I've got enough turrets and ammo in my inventory for whatever I expect to fight.-The RPG and the sandbox elements work together really nicely.-The opening quests do a good job explaining how the game works. It did take me a minute to figure out what buttons to press, but once I got that down the explanations were helpful without being annoying.All in all, I think this game will be one of my favorites once it's done. The RPG gameplay seems to only be 60% done, whereas the builder gameplay seems to be 95% up and running. So depending on your gameplay preferences, you may prefer to wait it out until it's a little more complete. I personally chose to put it aside and plan to revisit it when it's complete, since I was more focused on the RPG gameplay, but I definitely recommend it either way."
76561198079483649,Recommended,237870,12448446,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[TSS]Oringoss,"This game, so many things...  Its like 3D terraria + minecraft + skyrim + unturned = Best game ever"
,Recommended,237870,12488954,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Brainsurgery,"Now I've had the game for a while, I will write another review.Good:Infinite worldsLots of biomesLots of cool and different animalsGIANT ROBOTSA cool sense of explorationYou can make helicopters, cars, planes, boats, 100% customization of basically all items (even your own decals and stuff)Alien camps that you can invadeFriendly camps where you can buy materials and tools if you can't find themThe crafting system is pretty big and lots of parts to makeConstant updatesBad:Cutting down trees is annoying. You have to stand in the exact right place to be able to cut it, no matter how big it is it just dissapears into your inventory when your done and you keep on clipping inside of it like it's not even thereCombat is sloppy. You might as well be cutting onions.It is hard to see above the water when swimmingMining could be a bit betterGathering plants can be quite hard, you have to stand in the right place to get itQuite a few random glitches (crashes, flying for no reason etc.)Overall it is a really good game but could do with a bit of a polish, and the updates should be more focused on fixing bugs and improving things that are already there instead of adding more features into the game. I would definately recommend this game. 8/10 ( update from my previous 7/10)"
76561198045078126,Recommended,237870,12496079,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,neducalic,It plays like Minecraft in the world of Spore. The beautiful enviroment and unique creatures make exploration exciting and fun while the story gives you just enough direction to send you to the places you wanted to be but even knew it.
,Recommended,237870,9631079,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Dr.Yan,Huge potential; and good graphics. The controls are difficult to understand.
76561198040135536,Recommended,237870,9635734,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,calebsfullreturn,"Slow pace but fun explorer like mine craft 3d but unfinnished cant wait to see released, creation is a bit confusing at first but better at costimizations then any game ive played (i never did play everquest)... trust the advertising but remember it isnt the best game in the world..yet."
,Recommended,237870,9649072,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,SoloFlexie,"minecraft 3d, with 1000000x more recipes, things to do. Better build & farmsystem, as well as pvp."
76561198115333709,Recommended,237870,10021681,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,erus,Considering this being in Alpha still has bugs with in the game and alot more stuff to come but I do recommend this game.
76561198010399847,Recommended,237870,9720892,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Cones,"37 hours into this game, and all i can say is its sweet, a game ive been looking for a long time! Minecraft plus exploring and a decent storyline so far! cant wait for more updates!"
76561198119557315,Recommended,237870,9747150,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,JCJ150,i have no clue how to play this game and its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because none of the guides are useful but i still like it
,Recommended,237870,10414120,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,IsraelZero,A must have if you like Voxel games
76561198001362759,Recommended,237870,10539919,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gana,"I have been playing this game since it hit Steam and have really loved it (for the most part) alpha bugs and all.  I love to gather resources, I love to build and I love to explore.  The game is perfect for those things.The down side is that the game is constantly changing.  That's what happens with an Alpha game that is being made as you play it.  None of the changes so far have made me want to quit playing though.  I do want to slap the developers from time to time, but the annoyance never lasts.  They are very good at fixing things that make players crazy.If you are in the mood to gather and build, if you are able to handle random changes over time, this game is one you want to play."
76561198044809671,Recommended,237870,10569331,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,My_Fallen_Angel™,Quite polished considered it is still in alpha phase.
,Recommended,237870,10589882,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Orcywoo6,"Crazy game where you are plonked onto a planet with nothing but the clothes on your back and a few bits of starting equipment. The planet is a very hostile place and you have to do your best to survive!The crafting in this game is like no other, you can literally draw out your own weapons, vehicles and more, no blocks, just your imagination!Really do recommend it now that it is on sale."
,Recommended,237870,10690428,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,meachamjeffrey,"Great game, good for people who like spore, Minecraft and Phantasy Star online. I wish that there was some customization with rotate of the camera (using the left mouse button for tasks and rotating the camera is annoying). I have found very few problems to none with the newest version, I hope that add a way to edit your character after they add a more customization options to the characters. But over all good game."
,Recommended,237870,10693094,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Señor DickSucker,"Crash landed my spaceship and was meant to give a revival to a fellow passenger, took it for my self and ran away11/10"
76561198039029712,Recommended,237870,10694712,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kphyde11,I've only been playing this game for 13 hours or so and so far it's amazing.  Even in Alpha this game is better than most games like it.
76561198085687576,Recommended,237870,10719925,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,starseven81,This is a good game even though it's not finished with testing. It can be hard especially if you're playing the Story Mode.  The game works fairly well they are still working some things out with it.
76561198050930906,Recommended,237870,10721692,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ovulating Oven,"I love the opportunity and the diversity of the game. Sure, it has a lot of glitches and bugs but thats what you get for playing an alpha game. Every person that buys this game contributes to making this game a better game. One upsides would be that you have a great deal of freedom in how you tackle the game, especially the crafting/ISO portion gives way for really fun creations. On the down side, it's kinda slow going and a bit daunting sometimes. Plus combat is kinda wonky at times and your weapons don't get real good until much much much later in the game. But overall it's a pretty wonderful and beautiful game that I enjoy playing."
76561197978378190,Recommended,237870,10821480,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dyza,It is the best game I've seen during Beta and Alpha!This game will be amazing once its done!
76561198124007902,Recommended,237870,10850063,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nikola,After an hour i manage to pick up hot animal feces and dig big holes in ground.10/10
76561198030710524,Recommended,237870,10865956,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ratman169,This Game is Awesome everyone should get in and support it
76561198060258091,Recommended,237870,10920767,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tengi,"Although only in the alpha and the fact that I've only played for around an hour, I'm already super excited to see how the game will be once finished. Concept is fun, looks incredible (albeit needing a few tweaks here and there), gameplay has worked fine so far, and once they sort out the multiplayer (or I learn how to use it properly) I'm sure to have a lot of fun with a couple of buds. With the idea of building tools and learning the recipes for new 'toys', a buddy of mine summed up a big portion of the game pretty well, ""it's like minecraft... only nicer looking"""
,Recommended,237870,10947004,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Asshat,Pretty great in alpha- has a lot of potential and already has a lot of content to keep it going. Well worth playing.
76561198030527239,Recommended,237870,10959059,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,EvePocket,"This is an absolutely wonderful experience. The 3 different play modes offer a change of pace to the overplayed sandbox genre. Story mode, although, barebones at the moment gives a sense of direction and is a different take on a tutorial. The game, however, isn't user friendly at the start. It will take some time to learn the crafting/resource gathering/ survivng. One playthrough in Story mode offers all these basic knowledge(s) and you are free to wonder the map and do as you will. If following the storyline is what you desire, then it will keep you entertained. Most of the dialouge in the story mode is voice acted.Overall this is was an excellent purchase. The graphics are refreshing, the buildmode is wonderful, and the challenge will keep me entertained for many hours to come."
76561198027481838,Recommended,237870,11006778,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lemonkitty,I wish i hadnt bought this i have no idea how to play and save my builds and use them becuz there is a wiki but to me makes no fu***** sense
76561197988927906,Recommended,237870,11027304,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"The game is far from finished. Bugs abound in the current version but it is a fun game for anyone who enjoyed cames like terraria or minecraft and are looking for the same crafting/harvesting features with upgraded visuals with a smattering of missions.Pros- Craft the world- Go hunting for weird aliens- Nice mission based tutorial- Good graphics (still need to be debugged and polished a bit)Cons- Laggy, Buggy and unfinished- Crafting system is a bit awkward especially the vehicle creatorPick it up on sale since it isn't yet a finished title but the devs seem to care about the game and are constantly releasing updates and patches so give it some support if you are into sandbox games."
,Recommended,237870,11050779,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Bartender,"Lot's of PotentialThis game has been on my wishlist for a while and I finally picked it up during the Summer Sale. I have been playing in Story mode, so that it was this review will focus on.The graphics are 50/50 for me on this game. On the one hand, you have beautiful ditant scenery that you can actually go to. On the other hand, you'll walk over plants that are flat and seem to follow the camera. The character graphics are fine, but nothing that wowed me.The gameplay is similar to Minecraft (a favorite game of mine) in that you will need to dig for ores and then craft items out of them. The mining aspect is interesteing in that sometimes you'll have to dig out an area. You can't just mine straight through. [Also, if you want to go spelunking, make sure you have a rope gun. Otherwise, if you don't dig a gently sloping tunnel down to the caves, you'll need to dig one to get out or fast travel.]The quest system is what you would expect. Go to an NPC. Talk. Get quest. Complete quest. Get reward.The one area that I would like to see improvement in is the Designing area. The item designer is not user friendly and can be difficult to figure out. The one thing that I think would vastly improve this area is the ability to select and move pieces that you have placed. Additionally, it would be nice for there to be some basic designs available to the player already. Not everyone wants to go in and design a car.If you get the chance, pick this game up. It's got a great foundation of gameplay and should only get better."
,Recommended,237870,11243353,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,mangodrink,"(40 hours into a0.82) I was very very surprised at how much I liked this game and I look forward to it reaching full release at some point. Compared to my 50 hours of time put into Starbound (100 hours into Terraria), I think PE has a lot more going for it. The only clear negatives right now would be an out-of-memory CTD every 40-80 minutes of playtime, and the obvious, sudden ""work in progress"" placeholders for the story mode missions about 30-40 hours into the game (but suggests maybe another 10-40 hours of story mode at least). Other rough spots include game balancing and some issues w/ colony (micro)management and crafting/block placement.Those kinda pale in comparison to the sense of awe inspired by exploring the (story mode) landscape though. The graphics tend to be a bit cartoony but not much more so than Starbound/Terraria (but in 3D), but the landscape and views can be pretty breathtaking, and (spoiler alert) you can eventually buy/craft a jetpack and a glider, and along w/ a rope gun which gets some use, it reminds me a lot of the awesome feels coming out of Just Cause 2's parachute and grappling hook. The first time I crafted a simple flyer sled put an easy grin on my face too, and I had the odd but welcome reminder of how I felt when I enchanted some uber gear back in Daggerfall and Morrowind to do silly awesome things in a game, or the rush I felt realizing I could fly the jumbo jets in San Andreas.The game has an MMO-inspired mission progression and exploration/open world feel to it, with action gameplay that feels like Minecraft or Terraria/Starbound, married to gathering/crafting partly inspired by Minecraft, with an object-modeling/crafting system that feels both relatively powerful for a game while also being a bit limited in terms of a 3D modeler (even a partly voxel-based modeler). Most of your time will probably be spent exploring the breadth of the oft-times breathtaking landscape in story mode, and some of your time digging out ores (after finding deposits using your trusty ground-penetrating scanner). Story mode also has pretty nicely-written NPC dialogue that fits the graphical style of the game, scifi-ey with just enough cartoon feel to make it feel kinda epic w/o being too serious.Other (good) comparisons I could think of: Spore's exploration gameplay. Mining/gathering in the game isn't too bad either, but I'm not that into that kind of play, and tunneling isn't too satisfying b/c of the slower animation (but you get multiple resource units per swing). There's also no need-based survival-type management, aside from keeping your inventory stocked w/ hp and stamina consumables and ammo/repair mats, but this is similar to Terraria and Starbound which are still nice games without having Wayward or Don't Starve's emphasis on survival.Enough tangents though, PE is a fun game, as long as you can forgive the CTDs and current balancing issues w/ some of the alien creatures you have to fight from time to time (oh yeah, minimal flashbacks to Monster Hunter, at least seeing the size of some of those beasts, but don't get me wrong, combat is fairly straightforward in PE). I'm still starting out in adventure mode, so I don't know if PE's story mode strengths carry over, but my initial impression is that landscape/map generation could probably use some work.BTW, the map is pretty big, as in it take a while to hoof it from place to place even in one biome. There's Fast Travel to landmarks, but you also eventually get the ability to build cars, boats, or flying vehicles if you like (even making them into gun platforms), or as I said up top, you could jetpack into the sky then switch to glider to take to the skies (plus rope gun if you want to scale mountains w/o burning (camp-rechargeable but also craftable) battery)."
76561197991185763,Recommended,237870,11376097,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nemisis1701,"Great game, love the idea and the concept, it looks like it will be a good game too when they iron the bugs out of it..... ah yes theres the rub, this game will be good.....when its finished. The crashing every 10 minutes can be annoying, but it is early access! keep up the good work :)"
76561198126437443,Recommended,237870,10519535,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"This sat in my wishlist for a couple months until I broke down and bought it. At first I was thinkin I bought a turd but after playin a bit, it's actually pretty cool. It has crashed on me a couple times but it's early access but aside from that and a few graphical errors, I havent had any problems.Now to the good stuff. The world map is friggin huge! I'm thalkin', walk 15 minutes north from the southern most side and you'll only get maybe a quarter of the way up...maybe. The item creation is insane. It's pretty much a mod toolkit. Weapons, vehicles, massive bases, you name it. If you think it, you could most likely make it.At one point, I was mining for resources. Literally digging a mine shaft into the ground. Well, I didn't scan the surface so I didn't know that I was mining over a huge cave system. I fell in. After exploring the cave I found my only option was to dig myself out. After getting back to the surface I realized, Hey, I could make a Batcave style base outta that later!Needless to say, I'm incredibly happy that I picked it up and see myself putting a lot of hours into the game.....and hey, it ain't even done yet. Can't wait to explor the rest of the world and see what the Devs have planned next."
76561197975570839,Recommended,237870,10603040,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,IanCannon,"Just bought this game, looks good."
76561198064765768,Recommended,237870,10752198,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dr3amcast3r,"This is a early stage review of only half an hour of game play.I've made a leap of faith and decided to take advantage of the game 40% of.The game looks okay in graphic terms.UI is nice, however the tool tip needs a lot of improvement. For instance, when I pass over a plant it should tell me the plant ID and what items I can get from it (in the case of had been collected previously).There's no indications of keyboard shortcut keys for each aspect of tools (I for inventory, but that's standard procedure).All fauna on my crash site was friendly, which is nice. Most wild species that had never seen a human are unafraid of us and are either curious or ignore us.Crafting system looks nice, but not linear yet, maybe it's a matter of practice.The minimap is, by default on the bottom right corner of the screen. In most game I've play, it's on the top right corner. But maybe I can change it.Overall, the game is over priced for it's state, but looks promising enough to worth it."
,Recommended,237870,10807792,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pibsen,Not a Insanely good game yet. I'm convinced it will be!
76561198070790961,Recommended,237870,10817645,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Oli,I just loved this game. I have a pretty decent graphics card but I was still surprised at how amazing the world looked. This is like minecraft but... idk... better. I definitly support these developers!
,Recommended,237870,10953267,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Setari,"Planet Explorers is a great game. Survival in the aspect of keeping yourself alive, giant guns, custom creations, it's friggin' awesome.However the one downside to this game is the constant crashes. It is an alpha game so I'm not too mad about it, but when I can't create a gun and no one answers me about crashes on their forums besides 'turn down your graphics' on my beast♥♥♥♥♥machine, this needs to get fixed IMMEDIATELY.Will update when crashes have stopped. Many people are experiencing crashes because the game has a memory leak that eats all of your RAM.However, for the time I have played it, I do recommend it. It's fun and pretty awesome."
76561198094068175,Recommended,237870,11176707,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aimee,"This is a reallly great game, Im really enjoying it. Definitely recommend this to people who enjoy minecraft, this game is just a prettier version. It runs a bit slow though and building can be a pain cause the walls behind the character sometimes get in the way so you cant see. Hopefully this will get fixed in the next update!Get this game!"
76561198038472200,Recommended,237870,11197949,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mdurham88,HD Minecraft with a nice storyline and quest system.
76561197970709698,Recommended,237870,11374486,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ZombieWithAJetPack,"My list of pros and cons:+HUGE, wonderful world. The graphics are a bit dated, but that doesn't stop them from making it pretty.+Interesting story. There is enough to this game to keep it going for a while. Also it helps explain everything you need to know in the game.+Online is huge, with an orginal world to run around, quest, items, everything you need to get started, it makes planet explorers a great game+Crafting system goes on for days+Creating your own item!? I haven't messed around with it, but it looks crazy in depth if you are into that-RUN SPEED IS WAY TO SLOW!!! I would be fine with it if there was atleast a sprint.-Not a game you can just ""pick up"", you need to invest a bit of time into it (not fully a bad thing just not good for me)-Story needs co-op. That world is just to big not to have a buddy with you."
76561198003963833,Recommended,237870,11389051,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Apothecary Adishala,"Pros:fun with friends, scavenging and exploring the open world with them can be very fun for hours on end while on the way you can battle larger creatures with your dinky little starter knife, even if you die to the overpowered monsters its oddly funloads of creative features that are in and are to be added, the buidling system is very nice, and I like it, build a home anyway you want to and build the tools to build your home, even build the guns and swords you use to defend said home with the creative system that lets you make them however you wantA very nice looking game, specially when gliding in places like the desert when there are canyons and other natural formationsCons:buggy to hell sometimes (it is in its earlier stages of devolopment after all)can't move away from friends when they are doing tasks such as digging or else it wont appear for you, had a friend dig into the ground while I was away and on returning he was 100 feet under solid ground for me.bad starting placement, sometimes spawning you in the middle of the ocean or a canyon you can't get out ofsometimes enemies are just weirdly overpowered and do way too much damage at the stages you find them, making the little thing on the ground you think you can kill, one shot you, this is much more noticeable in co-op where it seems there is no barrier from letting you walk 10 feet to find a giant and get 2 shottedFinal thoughts:I think its a very good game and worth the money as its boasting a large selection of features even in the current state along with its wonderful looks and fun with friends, but if you don't like the bugs that are in a early access game I say wait for the full game to come out"
,Recommended,237870,11390628,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,<Zer0HP> Nightbloke,"This game is great, so far. I love how it feels. I'd describe it as a cross between Minecraft and Monster Hunter. I can't wait for the finished product."
,Recommended,237870,11399376,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,♡♥Blair The Bear♥♡,"I love this game so far!The building objects in the editor is easy and fun to do.The planet is big and you have the proper tools to do what you need and want to do.Crafting in the game is simple and fluid.Although the AI are stupid and cause me to fail missions.They get stuck in holes, run head first into combat when you have no control over them, and there are a lot of escort missions so far.I recommend picking this game upa 15$ price tag is perfect for what it currently is.After the horrible AI is hopefully patched then I'd even recommend this game for the 25$+ price tag.I can't wait to see what the final product looks like."
76561197963344069,Recommended,237870,11404707,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Devi Dee,"A pretty solid, and amazingly beautiful sandbox crafting scifi game. The planet is alien, scary, and tough, but there is enough complexity to surprise you. Nights need to be a bit more dangerous, but I otherwise can find no fault with the game."
76561198052949717,Recommended,237870,11413892,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Abracadaver,"Wow what a great game! The questline is really good so far and the creation system is amazing! Learning curve is a little high for the creation system but once you get it, you will be lost for hours trying to perfect your ISO! MUST BUY!!!!"
76561198091099061,Recommended,237870,11427678,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,21people,the only thing i disslike is the npcs when your leading them to places they tend to glitch out.
76561197970511982,Recommended,237870,11455950,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Leato,"Great Game!  i love the creation tool for cars, helicopters, weapons, etc.It has been bug free for me so far,  gets a bit slow after playing for a few hrs, but a restart fixes that.The exploration of the world is cool and many different creatures.alot to look forward to on further development. Party pathing could be better, but overall game plays great for an alpha release.I have not tried multiplayer yet, but will buy a few more copies for the kids to try and i will let you know."
76561198078240815,Recommended,237870,11556088,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,PredawnBelial,"Posted August 4, 2014.I can't even explain how nice this game is. Working multiplayer (had issues before but they seem to have been resolved), best vehicle/heli/ship/gun building I've seen yet. massive story, cool build mode, adventure mode, tons of room for improvement but in a good way, really an all around awesome game.Edited (October 17, 2016)So this game has failed to really have substantial updates, and considering its been this long I really just want to give it a thumbs down, I mean Early Alpha shouldn't be acceptable when they don't really accomplish anything. But, to say they didn't accomplish anything would be unfair in a way. In my opinion though, if I come back to a game after 2 years and there's no noticable changes/upgrades/improvements, then it's a waste of money.The only reason I'm not removing my recommendation is because it really isn't a BAD game, I have enough hours in it to consider it worth the money but at the same time it really comes down to what type of game you're looking for. Also I'll note that I haven't had any bugs/glitches on win7pro and it runs at 60fps on max settings.I will say this, there are better games out there, there are complete games out there. If you don't mind waiting 5 years for a game to be finished, and like storyline/crafting/kind of survival type games that at least run check out some video's or something and see if you'll like it."
,Recommended,237870,11586974,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lizzip,"This is based on my  20 hours of play so far, I have by no means seen all the game has to offer. In my opinion, so far it has been worth every penny but does have one or two issues.Good:- Amazing creation system for creating vehicles, items and weapons- Detailed building mode for building detailed structures- Many hours of quests to keep things interesting- In-depth crafting/mining system- Full terrain deformation- So many different types of weird animalsBad:- AI Pathfinding = Quests taking twice as long because NPCs get stuck in every hole they can find- Enclosed/underground/covered areas are too dark when it is middle of the day (but makes sense at night time)"
,Recommended,237870,11603569,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,andrew.kweik,this game is INCREDIBLE! if i had more time to play it id be on it 24/7! but i work soooo i play on my lunch break hahaha. Great game though!
76561198049095741,Recommended,237870,12155606,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Hackharvester,"Hm, i guess ill try singleplayer..... GEEZ THIS GAME SUCKS! Ok, it doesnt now that i know the controls....... OMG FIRE BEETLE!!!!?? Kill that. Meat? :O Ill buy things! Cool, Cool, resources. Lets go mining, Sweet, copper and all. What does this button do? Workshop?? WOAH TONS OF STUFF! Ill get a plane, a boat, a gun, a sword, a few sheilds and cars.... and like.... everything else.... Ok, i gotta slow down...... i just got so much stuff.... ok.... OH MY GOD.... ITS A UFO KILL IT! GET THE TANKS GET THE PLANES AND LASER GUNS! TURRETS SHOOT THAT THING DOWN!!!!Basicly, Get control of the game, and its amazing. Its fantastic actually. You can get tools and anything else from the workshop OR you can make and craft your own in game."
,Recommended,237870,9734879,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,macswaggerrrr,"It's a great game so far. The only problems I have with it are the wonky melee (which can be fixed), little UI things here and there could be improved, the multiplayer server browser, etc. Other than that it's great"
76561198031565656,Recommended,237870,9835669,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Rusty Shackelford,This game is a Advanced 3-D Terraria. This game would be all that I would play if it didnt overheat my graphics card. Need to upgrade before I can put time in this game.
76561198110830593,Recommended,237870,9836999,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Farticus,"i havent played this game much but it seems to be a decent game, i started the story but couldnt figure out how to give the girl the medicen and accidently ate it myself so i went ot advanture, havent figured much out but its fun learning everything and getting resources, the game lags quite a bit though, my laptop is a decent laptop that shouldnt lag, i turn the graphics all the way down and even there it takes 2-3 seconds for it to react after i push a button and tell it what to do lol. overall decent, hopefully they can do something about the lag but if not oh well, the combat goes smoothly, its more movment and building/ mining and things of that sort that lags alot."
76561198092636399,Recommended,237870,9896455,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,SoftlittleSphinx,its great but make the build system and make animals in the build mode
,Recommended,237870,9935804,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,EXEJON,Amazing World | Immersive | Awesome Customization | Nice Music | Buy This Game!
76561198042515443,Recommended,237870,10003078,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,SteelWombat,"Nice game, and for an early release  it is in very good playable condition. I spent an enjoyable few hours here.what i really like is the creation system it still needs a few more tools and tweaks but is fantastic at creating good looking weapons vehicles etc.  But my  main gripe is the game world  you make all these  lovely  realistic creations and then you put them in a plasticy cartoony world. if only the avatar and the world was in line with the creations that so many games have today , Lots of good ideas just a shame the world is cartoonish. really this is minecraft on steroids out of 10 I would give this 7 .Enjoyable and a cheap game, But will need a lot of work to hold Me for a longer duration."
,Recommended,237870,10023071,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Rhumald,"This, this right here, this is the game this will finally kill minecraft for me."
76561198023734535,Recommended,237870,9960751,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,MadHatter,Love this game it has a lot of potential. It is in a very fun and playable state right now. I would recommend this to anybody. Please note that it is alpha so don't complain if it is buggy or not perfect.
,Recommended,237870,10546231,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,❬❬❬«G§A» Klovok,"My name is Klovok, and I have an addiction to Planet Explorers. I am currently working on my problem by abusing the hell out of my problem."
,Recommended,237870,10697053,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kambuja,"This game is awesome. i just wish the glider gave a little more lift and that there was enemies in the Build mode. (i build a tri barrel rifle and i couldnt test it on anything ;-;  oh and apparently the game doesnt approve of me designing a pistol with 9 barrels. which upset me, as i put a lot of time into making it perfectly symetrical"
76561198100641395,Recommended,237870,10739632,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,acelaserdart,"I love the idea for it and was to hyped to get it when i once saw it, HOW EVER when i got the game it was soooo lagy that i had to set the settings to ""fastest"" even then i was still getting 10FPS (if your lucky) so i DO NOT recomend this game unless you got a beast of a computer."
,Recommended,237870,10754780,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SkitCon,"Overall a very nice game, needs some polishing, but you might get mad at yourself for not getting it at the lower price now.Pros:Nice Voice ActingHighly Customizable Weapons and VehiclesGood StorySandbox!Cons:Graphics need some loveInterface needs an overhaulOverall a nice game, though."
,Recommended,237870,10764560,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rogue,"Planet Explorers - Story Mode is the only thing I have tried so far.  The game is in beta so there are a few tweeks that I would love to see added that would make this more friendly to players like me who tend to ""get lost"", especially since this is an exploration game.  That being said, the graphics are nice and quests are easy enough to get. I wasn't expecting the chat bubbles with the NPCs to be at the bottom of the screen though.   Quest markers on the map would be awesome and even a lead (guide) pointing me to them would be even better.  Crafting is pretty cool, scripts (instead of recipe or plans) seems a bit odd to me. Overall this game has great potential and would be a good game to LAN with!"
76561198141980498,Recommended,237870,10782059,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Big Ol' Doinks,"This game SUCKS! If you are on the menu screen, scoop out your eyeballs and cut off your hands so you dont have to suffer the pain i did! It is super laggy, but it would be an awesome game without the laggy ghost haunting it."
76561197965584497,Recommended,237870,10807296,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,novellerfane,"This game is insane in delth.  I am lost and hooked.  Must try for anyne who likes Minecraft, Terraria, Starbound, Landmark.. its a mix of all of these."
76561197991678630,Recommended,237870,10853347,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,nub,"Minecraft with more exploration and build options. It's great. Endless amounts of unique creatures, exploring can actually be pretty scary. Love the game."
,Recommended,237870,10895736,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SC.DANZFERNO,"For an early access game that is still in its beta, the game is VERY well polised. I have not seen any bugs or glitches yet that might cause issues. Even from the start, there is audio with the single player a bit and the game itself is very, very responsive. The crafting system and mouse abilities, might need some tweaking for easier crafting and access to those options, but from the very start there is so much you can do that it is impossible to be bored and with all the content now and to come the game will be very very popular for multiplayer/co op with friends! A sure win and a sure buy!"
76561198036601382,Recommended,237870,10923381,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Neoconker644,very in depth building system for just being alpha. Can see the potential fun for any and all creative types with a smattering of survivalists as well. You can die very easily especially in the beginning but like i said most the funs in the making and that's with my single player experience alone as i have yet to even try multiplayer.
,Recommended,237870,10939094,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Descention,"Note: At the time of this writing, the game is on Alpha version 0.82.I like that you can download objects from other players from right in the game. I haven't been able to try out the multiplayer yet but I'm looking forward to it. The NPCs in the story do a great job of giving you the scripts you need to build almost everything as long as you do the side quests. It's also nice that I can sell my extra wood and marble to them before buying an item to 'trade' my wood/marble for newer tools.I am enjoying the story missions, when I don't run into a quest stopping bug (Up! Up! Up!). The game has its share of bugs like not locking the mouse into the game window during fullscreen. For dual monitor setups, this means your game will go into window mode every time you click outside of it. I change my setup to single monitor when playing. My game has not crashed at all since the 0.82 update.One of the tricks for a few of the bugs you'll encounter is to save your game often. IF you hit a bug, load up your last save and try again. If you get stuck on a quest ad don't have a save; save, quit, load. I got stuck on a quest to rescue some survivors from a stuck ship and almost gave up after reloading a few times and then it suddenly worked without explanation.tl;dr: It's a great game with a few bugs. The game has great potential. If you like sandbox builders and save often, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,237870,11055526,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dimetrodon,I love this game! so much that I played until i couldnt go any further due to update requirements. but when the newest update released it wiped my game and now i have to start over. NOT AT ALL PLEASED. Please do something about that next time.
,Recommended,237870,11076271,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,X3K3X,"All in all I cant say I really recomend it right now. Its very buggy. Slow, and the UI is a headache to figure out how to use. There really isnt much instructions in story mode. Having a really hard time trying to ""replicate"" the health for the woman at the begining, also cant figure out how to give her items. Really beautiful world just the actual game play is  extremely ALPHA.After a few updates its still really clunky and hard to control the game and creation mode. I've noticed its extemely difficult to make something with enough power to lift a ship."
76561198070847842,Recommended,237870,11110836,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,evilduncan12(c.a.m.f.),cool its better than rust
,Recommended,237870,11381586,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Cernfilkes,"I shall tell you a tale. The tale of a man that was minding his own ♥♥♥♥ing buisness. That man was me, I was wondering far and wide in search of many differant minerals. Along my travels I met one of the many inhabitants of this female only occupied planet (planet Lesbiana, quadrant 69bj), and we set off in search of gold, along the way slaying many a beast. Silently laying in wait just out of my render distance sat a great horror one that strikes fear into even the bravest of neckbeards. I roamed closer not any the wiser of what prison shower♥♥♥♥♥♥scene that was about to take place. When IT it rendered in ,The Giant Space♥♥♥♥♥♥Robot from Space began to stand, I ran as fast as my skinny futuristic weakling legs would carry me, but it was to late, I and my partner were blown away in a volley of 10 or so rockets and one accurate laser blast. I layed there plotting whether I should call the cops and report♥♥♥♥♥♥or just go to therapy for a few years.10/10 would drop the soap and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again.In all honesty it is a great game. All great games have problems at the start , for me the adressable ones are having to leave and rejoin the server in multiplayer and friends not being able to pick you up, in the build servers you need an infinite amount of items not like 1000 items each because if lets say you want to use a model someone made of a jet or one of the bigger models its uses up pretty much all of those items. One thing this game seriously needs very bad is a party system that overlays on to your screen and not just on the map, similar to Arma 3 wastelands party system. With just my short time playing this i enjoyed it alot, but be wary its still in alpha so it will have problems. Great game even in alpha state."
76561198028400029,Recommended,237870,11382026,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Serrow,"After playing about 30 minutes~ of this game, I can honestly say this:It has a lot of potential. There is a lot of stuff still missing from it, but it's extremely cool. Think MineCraft, just 3D, and set into the Future.Within the 30 minutes, I built a monorail (which is horribly buggy), a massive base fit with a super computer, a hanger, and was in the process of ATTEMPTING to build a vehicle, but that's extremely buggy as well.If you want to play the game, buy it. If you want a finished product, wait. It's by no means a useable game, but it's got promise."
76561197997097511,Recommended,237870,11386548,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Deadpool,"To sum it up, it feels like a 3D Terraria.The realtime voxel world editing gives an almost visceral feel to building and mining. Realtime shaders help with that too.Combat is very basic at the moment. The engine seems fast enough to do something better with the combat mechanics.Decent voice acting leads you through story/tutorial mode.  Missions start out nicely paced and spaced but can be a little ""grindy"" after a while.Plus half a star for facinating creatures.Early access 3.5/5*Plus half a star for fast communication and updates from Devs.Early access 4/5*"
76561197970736752,Recommended,237870,11388445,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Soon Dead,"I like this game. It has a lot going for it. BUT...it is far from complete and is still full of issues and problems that are game breakers. It is worth getting if you know this going in and DON'T want to play the ""story"" mode. It is therefore more of a sandbox game, like Minecraft, where you can run around and harvest resources and build some stuff while trying to not get killed. The developers aren't hiding anything, it is ""Early Access"" after all. It will be a GREAT game once it is done. I just hope it is before No Man's Sky comes out because that would replace the need for this game."
,Recommended,237870,11395266,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Y23Y,"Of course, Early access game, right now, dont get it. Wait until the next update. Right now, it takes a long time to harvest anything, and attack. Dont get it yet. wait until the next update. whenever that is.Who am I kidding, I get mad way too easy. This is a really good game. I love a lot of games, yet I get extremely angry at them. This is a good game"
,Recommended,237870,11395509,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,maxliuu,"Great game, lots of fun.Downside is bugs. (well its Aplha)"
,Recommended,237870,11395673,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,123,Just wtf. I haven't stopped laughing at all the glitchy♥♥♥♥♥♥since last night. Definatly a really fun game.
,Recommended,237870,11399575,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Redjive,"Gameplay 9.5/10 Camera rotation feels weird though.Lots of crafting, weapons, armors, tons of fun.Graphics 6/10Looks pretty cool in the video, ingame the texture resolution could be higher;the grass follows the camera, which I find really annoying.Liked my experience,will be hosting a 32 slot server. LeBonTravail."
76561198006773664,Recommended,237870,11401099,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,pis_o_kek,"The game is actually quite decent, even in its early access alpha stage. The strength of this game lies in its gameplay mechanics that it can offers to players, i.e. open world RPG, vehicle and weapon customisation, crafting and colony building. The world ""Maria"" itself is actually quite beautiful, I really like the forest biome. The game also features a mechanic similar to the monster hunter game where you explore the world, see a big nasty alien and hunt it down for meat or other resources, though the combat mechanics in planet explorers are  .... mediocre at best but still acceptable in my view.In a nut shell, I would recommend this game to anyone that likes open world adventure, exploration and RPG stuff. Given its current price of 14.99 USD, thats a steal, considering the game can offers so many features even in its early form, unlike some other overpriced AAA games ;)"
76561197972301036,Recommended,237870,11410241,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,GotBeers,"very frigging sweet game, very well done for Alpha... Enjoying every second of it. Def. a MUST have!!!"
,Recommended,237870,11433877,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,.John Freeman**,"Planet Explorers, a game that has lot of potential. I can truly say that this game have lot of stuff and it's not even released yet, you can certainly have fun playing this game. There's huge maps, all generated randomly, all kind of creatures, weapons, equipments and etc... The graphics are not the best, but it's not bad, the vegetation makes the scenery very beautiful.But there's some things that bothers me in this game. The I.A. is reeeally bad, the animations are too robotic and sometimes are bad than robotic. During combat, you don't feel any emotion, you get bored very fast.. Maybe because of the bad animations.This game being under development, makes me feel hopeful about it, because need a lot of attention on the I.A. and animations. I'm very satisfied with rest of the game and the way it's going, it promising to be a veeery good game."
76561198079007824,Recommended,237870,11434482,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ShatterHound,"the game this great but when i atteck i die. i dont like at but i cant get mad right,"
76561198043577426,Recommended,237870,11458650,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Raptor,"Reallly loving this game, you can desing anything the way you want, the only thing i love to have a faster walk jaja or runing boots, a creature like horse or something like that, but I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!!!!! Planet explorers go!!!!!"
,Recommended,237870,11471407,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Mayhemic,"Amazingly good for an early access game. I haven't played through the entire story mode yet, and haven't messed around with the build or survival modes yet, but Planetary Explorers currently looks and feels like it could be a fully developed game. It has good graphics and a well thought-out, if very loose, beginning to a story so far with a very imaginative setting and good mechanics. I definitely like the crafting system better than games like minecraft, and the voxel mining system looks very natural relative to a lot of other games I've played, although I wish the camera didn't track the character's motions quite so  precisely. The environment is wonderful and fairly varied once you venture beyond your starting areaMy biggest complaints for the game so far are that A) there needs to be a bit more detail in the starting missions or at least a more in-depth help screen to describe some of the controls (such as that you can toggle running with ""r"" or that, yes, those ARE herbs that you can harvest by facing them and right-clicking) and B) that the game becomes exponentially more memory-intensive as you progress and begin actually exploring the island. The second one is by far the most serious, because so far I've explored less than a tenth of the massive continent you start on but have encountered the error that my fairly high-quality, memory-rich expensive laptop has run out of memory to run the game on. At the moment, the game is trying to store too much awesome for my computer to handle at the same time. Much as I am in favor and awe of the good graphics and incredibly huge open map, I would settle for a bit less of it if it meant I could finish the game.That said, the game shows great promise and I would definitely buy it again just for what I've seen so far."
76561197992582931,Recommended,237870,11507704,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Katzekratzer,"So far this game is looking pretty impressive. Currently in alpha, it still requires a lot of tweaking to the UI, but if this is just the beginning I expect great things.My biggest gripes would be the lack of much of a true tutorial/instructions in missions, and that the ""builder"" feature's learning curve is pretty steep.The alien AI is pretty darn good for being unfinished, and the graphics are so far very nice.If you're unsure, maybe wait until this game hits beta or release. If you enjoy minecraft-esc gathering and exploration, this game is for you."
76561197968997925,Recommended,237870,11565715,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mr.Inabilidade,"Jah eh bom incompleto, quando sair a versao final.... vish!"
,Recommended,237870,11677488,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,XDogg,"On first glance I didn't think much of this game, trailers looked awesome and then I was lost like a small child at toys ""r"" us.   Then I decided to try it more with a friend and the game is actually very addictive.  It is like minecraft in the world is your playground aspect, but it has potential to be even more with decent visuals and custom model creation.Being experienced in 3dMax and being an artist this game gives me the drive I haven't felt in a while.   You can customize weapons, vehicles, and make objects just to display your creative talent.  I highly recomend this game and hope that it becomes more then the masterpiece it already is."
,Recommended,237870,11807474,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,bewatched,"This is an excellent game, and it is still in alpha. And I am downplaying my recommendation, as I want you to read this:- OpenWorld: You can freely go to any corner of the world. Difficulty is based on geographic location, so you may not be able to reach to other corner though. Almost every part of the world is modificable, and it is a HUGE world. (3D world, up and down also counts)- RPG: The is a gaming mode which I recommend, in were craftable items are adquired as rewards for missions. There is an impressive story (very linear though) which tells the separations of humankind between earth and mars, and how they come to colonize this planet. Also, you can have up to two  companions, and any number if you are on certain missions.- Crafting: There is a common and simple type of crafting, were if you have a recipe, and the items, you can synthetize the item. But what I recommend, is the advanced (or Build) crafting method, in which you can build YOUR OWN ship, boat, car, bike, sword, shield or gun. My first car was a wooden table with wheels, but now I have a TRON-like glider, a boat, and a five seated rover.- Graphics: Are great. I would have recommended the game without impressive graphics, but this game has AWESOME graphics. Granted, it is kind of idylic. But it looks f@#$ing great.- Base/Colony: You can build a colony, and have the NPC to move over. You can assign jobs to them, automatize the farming of vegetables. Put automatic weapons to defend the base and the NPC, etc, etc.Extra bits:- There is a JETPACK :D, and a GLIDER!!!!- Steam workshop allows to share what other people and you build in the advanced crafting interface. There is a ship build like Battlestar Galactica!!!- The Story is awesome. Even though is linear, is still an awesome story."
