user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043960246,Recommended,237890,14674152,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kasumi Tani,"Agarest is one of my all-time favorite strategy RPG, and favorite of those available on PC.Gameplay is a lot of fun, especially if you enjoy having a lot of characters to choose from to form your party, each differing from others by the weapon they use, their skill slots and their unique passive abilities and special attacks. Character customization is fairy extensive, allowing you not just select characters’ weapons and armor and allocate their level-up points, but also select exact skills the characters will have available, and choosing skills that will allow your characters to form powerful combination attacks is important for winning.There is also extensive item and skill-crafting system, and every next-tier item and skill you want to use has to be crafted rather than bought in the next town’s shop. Though once the initial crafting is performed, all skills and some items can be bought from the stores if you want more copies of them.Story and character-wise, Agarest is definitely among the best games I’ve played. Each character in a very large cast has very distinct personality, and most of them defy standard RPG tropes. And with the story spanning multiple generations, it is interesting to see how long-living characters interact with the descendants of the person they once knew.The story also leaves the player plenty of choice: there are multiple story branches in each generation, as well as more numerous event where your choice affect your relationship with three potential love interests, determining which of them you can marry in the end of generation (the story is about protagonist’s goals being carried on by his descendants, after all ~.^ ).In short, I fully recommend Agarest to all RPG fans, particularly the fans of strategy RPGs!"
,Recommended,237890,7745792,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hsmoke,"JRPG's are not for everyone, and unlike Final Fantasy or Tales, Agarest: Generations of War is not something I would expect a non-JRPG fan to enjoy. Luckily, I am one.Generations of War, even though the concept of dating sim/turn based RPG sounds horrible, it is actually pretty good. The game offers so much choice to the player. Who you can marry, how you want a particular battle to go, and which lovely lady you can choose to woo over. You can easily get well over 100 hours in this game, and barely scratch the surfce.However, this game has it's drawbacks. Most of the time, events and ""quests"" are spilt up by numerous and tedious battle stages, that work out like a board game. There are far to many of these, even just in the short part of the first generation. However, this is good for leveling up your characters, and if you complete these battles quick enough, you get a nice little bonus at the end. Sadly, for me this just makes it an experience I force myself to enjoy.All in all, Generations of War tries to be different from all the other JRPG's on the market, and it is. It just tries to make it's self too different, when all it needed was some generic JRPG nonsense.+ Interesting combination of dating sim/RPG. It's not horrible, honest.+ You get your money's worth. Hunderds of hours of content.+ Awesome anime gallery.- Story is very generic- Alot of repetiton- Player interation is very linear. We can mould the story, not the world.7/10"
76561198039664905,Recommended,237890,7751378,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Overseer Dankisimo,"One of my favorite tile-based strategy games (I've played FF tactics, fire emblem, and a few others). Very long campaign (at least 100 hours of gameplay) with good replay value (if you have the willpower to do it again in new game+). The story is interesting and should keep you entertained. The hard difficulty setting is challenging and requires a good amount of strategy (and exp grinding at some points). Good amount of customization and options for all your characters. Cool skill animations with a good mix of 2d/3d art. The romance in the game is pretty tame and doesnt detract from the story all that much. The only downsides I can think of is that it is a little rough around the edges and may be too repetitive for some people, but, overall, I think it's a solid game for a solid price."
,Recommended,237890,12717382,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dan,"Hi everyone, here is the review for Agarest: GOWTo start with, this game is essentially a mix between a tactical role-playing game, visual novel and dating sim, all in anime style presentation.Features of this game:1. Deep tactical chess board type battles2. Party movement based on a world map3. Story told in visual novel form4. Wooing of girls occurs in choices and cutscenesThings that I liked about this game:1. Battles require strategy and planning2. The art is attractive3. Ability to customize party member's gear and stats4. Character personalities are interesting5. Solid storyline spanning lots of hours6. Multiple endings7. Dating sim is a nice distraction8. DLC makes things alot easier if you are playing just for the storyline9. Polished with very few bugs10. Total Japanese voice actingThings that I thought could be better:1. Learning curve is steep. Instruction manual is good to read but not included in the game2. High possibility for grinding on first play through. This can be avoided after learning how to play the game, but more guidance on this would have been helpful.3. Dating aspect more a distraction in this game, could have been more fleshed out4. Unexpected spike in end game difficulty5. As an older game, the resolution isnt as crisp6. Music slightly repetitive only because of the countless hours spent in gameOverall, if you are a fan of anime art, visual novel story-telling and tactical role-playing battles with a bit of dating sim, I recommend this game to you"
,Not Recommended,237890,8247085,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nanoha,"I enjoy the story, I enjoy the characters, I enjoy the character interactions. I sort of enjoy the combat.  I like alot about this game. I intend to complete it but after 40+ hours I am still only half way through Generation 2 (out of 5) and I am finding the repetative nature of the combat quite tiresome. Initially I had soem seriously overpowered weapons in my inventory (some dlc or preorder bonus) which I disabled so it wouldn't spoilt he game by making it too easy. More have appeared in my inventory and eventually I have decided using them just to stroll through the combat and get on with the story.I really want to see how this progresses  and it is a damn shame the combat is so repetative, there is so much more they could have done with it. There are so many character and monsters to use but you end up just using the same 6 all the time (others fall behind). It would be far more enjoyable if the party had to split at points to spice things up and force you into using different characters.The inventoy/crafting/enhancing is quite complicated (complicated rather than complex), it is difficult to make stuff. You need to enhance this item to make this item part then you need this book to be able to craft this item to make that item and so on, none of this is shown before you actually buy/enhance things so you have to constantly save/load to figure it all out; quite tiresome.This game is looking like it will be 100+ hours to complete, I really hope it's less as that's alot of time to get out of it the things I am enjoying.The question isn't ""Is this a good game?"" as it is and it has alot of things I enjoy, the question is ""Is this worht the time?"" and I'm not sure I can say a 100% yes to the last question. I don't fully not reccomend this game but nor can I reccomend it toally either."
,Not Recommended,237890,11169230,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,BitInn,"Agarest is a shining example of JTRPG - Japanese Torture RPG----(TL;DR? Now that I have done my playthrough, you can skip to the end of this review and find my summary, updates are left here to show how I got to those bullet points)----Total playtime (so far): 50 hours.- Time spent researching how to craft a skill/weapon on wikia: 15 hours.- Time spent dealing with endless and often pointless battles: 15 hours.- Time spent trying to keep characters on roughly the same level: 5 hours.- Time spent navigating between shop/blacksmith/adventurer guild just to build an item: 5 hours.- Time spent loading old save because blacksmith can randomly fail alchemy (this is a feature): 2 hours.This left me with less than 10 hours of actual enjoyable gameplay, even less was spent on character development and plotline. Given the complexity of Agarest's various gameplay system, it's a real shame to find none of them produce the joy they intended.So in the end, this is more like a piece of torture porn than anything else: Do it only if you are into this kind of stuff.(unfortunately for me, 10+ years of JRPG experience has taught me the patience required to enjoy such sadistic gameplay, so expect update when I actually finish this damn game...)Update on 75 hours mark.Finally done with 2nd generation (3 more to go), let me add some more comments:1. Auto-battle is crucial yet miserable: there are many instances where you wish AI can take over the manual labor. But leaving it to its own devices, will consistently turn cakewalk battles into deadly struggles (no XP rewards for casualties).2. Seriously, you need a true end guide: as with most role-playing, it might be tempting to play this game ""your way"". But Agarest couldn't care less about your preference, you will, because of the tight requirement for CG/event trigger, miss out on 50~80% of actual content.3. Less than 10% players ever manage to get the achievement for completing 2nd generation (just completing it will grant you that achievement). I think this goes to show many reviewers have not given this game a long hard look before recommending...4. Story-wise, Agarest is an ok game, there are moments that will redeem your manual labor (once again, use guide, or it may just be manual labor). Though I personally prefer more character development instead of ""more new characters""...My verdict still holds though: this is a game for the persistent fools, such as myself.Update on 110 hours mark.With Gen 3 over, time for some personal thought:1. Auto-battle is useless at this point. AI controlled team will pile on the same monster, over-overkilling it for no good reason, leaving the rest of enemies free to attack.2. Avoid battles as much as possible, there is no fun in setting up the same combo routine every time.3. Stop grinding for levels, under normal difficulty just a minimal walkthrough will give you enough experience, given you stick with the same 4/5 non-heroine members.4. On the other hand, spend some quality time on crafting and researching, they bring in far more stats than leveling up. And save before handing your hard-earned materials to blacksmith's random algorithm.5. Number of players managed to finish Gen 3?3.5% of total players.6. Oh yes, there are unlockable CGs to fill my sored & empty heart, but the requirements are often strict and weird: this heroine has too high an affection for you, so you DON'T get to see her CG, what?Unless you have 1000+ free hours at hand to experiment with its magical dialog tree and light/dark meter, your best bet is the True end guide: even though the guide will force you into picking choices you don't like (so that True end and CGs are unlockable...)Alright, onwards to Gen 4.-----Review summary (on 158 hours mark).I have finally got to the true ending (on normal mode), it's time to reflect on my journey with Agarest.What I Like:- The subtitle ""Generations of War"" is aptly named, this game does deliver a sense of longevity as player battles through continents.- Vast number of well-designed characters.Unfortunately, these seemingly strong points result in larger flaws, both in terms of core mechanics and plot narrative:- It should have been 30 hours, by spanning battles throughout 5 generations, only 1.7% of all players manage to got to an ending, less than half of them got to the true ending.- Battles quickly became the main source of frustration, and in my opinion, not the good sort. Agarest follows the transitional ""just one more boss"" JPRG motto and by end of it, I was completely burnt out from grinding.- When you have 5 Lead Actors and 15 Lead Actresses, lost of focus is unavoidable. Just as I got attached to a hero, another came along to replace him, in the end none of them really sticked with me.- Agarest doesn't like players finding out their totally-awesome super-secret heroine events, unless you follow the perfect path to true ending, be prepared to miss out on a lot of them (I got only 49% after true end). Sadly number of unlockables != replay value.- There are also minor issues preventing me from enjoying this game, such as combo system dependency on team formation, deep hierarchies on crafting system, subpar translation and that damn Blacksmith.In the end, these drawbacks are bad enough to stop me from playing the next game in Agarest series (even though I have already bought it), at least not for now...It's sad to see Agarest failed to deliver what it aimed to, and sadder for me still, to admit that metacritic scores (45/100) are probably well-deserved.All I can say at this point is: there are many games you can play for 150 hours instead of Agarest: Generations of War, and in hindsight, many of them might have been a better choice."
,Recommended,237890,7895874,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Knight-hart,"Okay bro, so let's say y'all wanna get fresh with an anime. Like, I ain't judging here, it's cool. If a dude wants to shag a cartoon then God bless his weird♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ed-up worldview. But then you gotta ask yourself ""damn bro, how am I gonna make this foxy cartoon broad wanna handle my balls""? That is not an easy question, man, but this game provides you an answer. You gotta click the right buttons and say the answers to things. Then the anime gals will ♥♥♥♥in' dig your weird comma-sized♥♥♥♥♥♥ They gonna be straight up riding it like the guy in that movie where the guy rides a bomb or whatever. Point is, this is without a doubt one of the most intriguing cartoon romance simulacrums out there. It's got all kinds of animes. The angry one, the boring one, the furry one, the other one. There is no limit to the depravity you can inflict upon yourself as you struggle to romance a cartoon. I guess you can also thrash some♥♥♥♥♥♥with a sword or whatever, maybe make an elf cast a spell. Elves ♥♥♥♥in' love spells. Can't get enough of them. And when you bang your favorite manga, you get to have a freakish nightmare-baby, like in Eraserhead, except instead of flippin' out and wrecking the lights, the baby just gets some stats and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then he has to marry an anime. Nobody ever said pimpin' was easy.SCORE:Graphics: 10/10. You will not BELIEVE the amount of anime underwear you're gonna be seeing here. You like pantyshots? We got'em, it's like a pantyshot discount warehouse. Sick.Sound: 4/10. I dunno why, but everyone speaks in this really ♥♥♥♥ed up accent. It barely even matches what the dialogue text at the bottom says. Are the voice actors ♥♥♥♥ing British or something? Not cool, ""mate"".Gameplay: 7/10. Your swords can level up, you can level up, your Anime Bangin' Factor can level up. Lots of levelling up, lots of swords, lots of hentais. Pretty nasty. The Jappies are still pervos.FINAL SCORE: 8/10YOU MIGHT LIKE THIS GAME IF...You jerk off to anime pornos."
,Recommended,237890,17054803,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Ambitious & boasting a wealth of features // Recommended for JRPG enthusiasts+ Battle system at first appears rather narrow in scope, but in fact there is a lot under the hood; combat showcases many noteworthy features, such as overkill rewards, bonus points that scale depending on enemy levels, link attacks, etc.+ Soundtrack is par for the course for a JRPG; nothing revolutionary, but it fits well with the game and the genrea+ Japanese voiceovers are very well done; sounds like a big-budget anime+ Cookie-cutter anime plot and characters; nothing spectacular, but this game was clearly intended for fans of anime, and the plot is as 'anime' as it gets (if that is your cup of tea, you will love both the plot and the characters)+ There are areas that lend themselves to exploration, and employ additional challenges to make the rewards all the sweeter+ Battle and skill effects look excellent and really add to the immersion of combat+ Combat movement is done at the beginning of the turn, and the player cannot see enemy movement; directional mechanics work with movement to bring another layer of challenge to the strategy of in-game encounters+ Places a large focus on the romance aspect of the story, in that there are a lot of potential romance partners, and the game gives free roam to the player in this respect; again, not my cut of tea, but avid fans of anime and dating sims will find this an endearing aspect of the adventure+ In-game titles of achievement can be unlocked and claimed; this works to slightly increase replay value+ Alchemy, crafting, and skills are all well-rounded in design and intuitive in practice+ Includes a mini-focus on monster catching and breeding, the products of which can be further customized and employed in battle+ Combat design successfully works to reward planning and forward thinking, particularly in relation to character placement and AP management+ Included is a morality meter, which reflects your characters standard 'Dark/Light' alignment; this meter reflects the consequences of choices made throughout the campaign, and can have noticeable consequences on the story as it progresses+ Offers a plethora of unlockables, such as art and character biographies+ Applaudable length and quantity of well-employed content; I clocked in at ~44 hours for a single (very rushed) playthrough- Gameplay is very grindy, and will become increasingly so as the story progresses and the difficulty sharply rises- DLC items are automatically added at the start of a playthrough, and thoroughly break the early-game due to their incredible stat boosts- Crippling lack of variety for combat environmentsLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,237890,12506303,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Shotime,"I'm enjoying my playthrough of Agarest: Generations of War.Now, you might wonder why I'm not recommending it but enjoying it at the same time.  I think the short answer is simply that I don't think many other people would enjoy it.  It's a fine line to walk, Agarest has its highs, but it also has a *very* deep low.Let's get that negative out of the way first:Combat.The combat is visceral and flashy.  The ""Combo"" system is well designed and extremely satisfying.  It's *really* close to being an absolutely awesome combat-oriented game...but it's not, and this is due to one critical flaw:Every map is the same.Yes, every battle map is exactly the same.  It's a flat 20x40 (or whatever) area.  There's no elevation, there's no obstacles, and besides backdrop changes (used sparingly, I might add) every battle is exactly the same.  I've got some experience in tactical tile based games coming into this and I was expecting something along the lines of Final Fantasy Tactics, Disgaea, Vandal Hearts, or even Vanguard Bandits.  The first battle started and I saw how the combat played out and I was extremely impressed!  Excellent animations and attacks that felt *extremely* powerful and were visually satisfying.  I was pumped to see a ""real"" map to try out after what I assumed was the training map of a flat grid.  But the next battle was the same, and the one after that, ad infinitum.And this makes combat very boring.Luckily, there's an ""auto-battle"" system in place.  You simply let the game fight for you!  So I don't even need to grind out the terribly repetitive combat.And that's where I've found enjoyment in this title.  I spend time setting up my team, leveling them, equipping them, setting up everything and then when I enter combat I pick up my book and read while the game fights for me.  I glance up every once in awhile and watch the pretty explosions go off.The storyline is decent, and it has a real ""epic"" feel with the different generations you play in.  Reminded me of something like Saga Frontier 2.  The character interactions in between battles I also found to be enjoyable.  Also, controller support is perfect.It's just that the combat is so awefully repetitive.  If you're like me and can enjoy a game even if the combat is really grindy and repetitive then Agarest might be for you to ""play"" while you vacuum your living room floor.  Otherwise look for a different tile-based combat title, it's definitely not like what you were hoping for in that department."
,Recommended,237890,7740572,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rhenthyl,"I highly reccomend the game, it's a lot of fun and a great time. HOWEVER do not waste your time buying the DLC, it's not worth the cost"
,Recommended,237890,7771174,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SinicalGeek,"I figure that I should pipe in as I see many who have this game on their wishlist.  I have put about 30 hours into the game so I qualify  for at  least a first impression.  First and foremost, if you are looking into buying Agarest you have to realize that you are buying a dating sim (although simplistic) wrapped up inside of an RPG.  The objective of the game is to defeat the boss of each generation and then to pick one of your companions to mate with so that you can continue towards your ultimate quest which spans multiple generations.  Each generation will have you playing as the offspring of the last hero and companion that you picked.  This is the story all wrapped up short and sweet.The appearance of the game is a mixed bag.  The CG (as they call it) are actually still shots with text that carries the story forward.  The art and quality of the images are amazing (subjectively speaking).  This remains true for the towns where you will spend your time crafting and upgrading weapons/armor.  The battle system where you will spend the majority of your time shows the age of the game.  The graphics are comparable to the Playstation 1 capabilities.  Your party of heroes are cut down to chibi size and some of us who may be spoiled by newer generations of games might be slightly let down here.As I mentioned above, the battlefield is where you will find yourself 90% of the time.  This is both where the game shines as well as where the game begins to lose its glimmer.  To start off, the battle system uses a turn-based grid system with both a move phase and then an attack phase.  Each character uses Attack Points (AP) that they expend by both moving and attacking.  The shared expense of the AP for both phases adds a strategic element to the gameplay.  Obviously you would regret not moving your party member in a effort to conserve AP to find out that now your character is too far away to initiate any attacks against the enemy for example.  The most strategic element of the battle system is the inclusion of a linking system which in short allows you to string attacks together.There are some negative things to say about Agarest.  You will find yourself fighting the same enemies over and over and over again.  The battleground where you take on enemies will change into new scenary but only when you enter new areas which can take hours to advance through.  This redundancy of core game mechanics dulls the experience and soon you will find yourself selecting the AutoBattle mode whenever you can putting your attention elsewhere.  This becomes increasingly frustrating if you sludge through eight or nine battles fighting the same enemies in the same battle area just to be awarded by a 10 second still picture of a character who you are not interested in.With all this said do I recommend this game?  Well yes and no.  It depends on what you are after in this game.  If you are wanting the experience of a RPG similiar to other AAA titles that have branded themselves as must plays... then No.  This game falls short in too many areas.  Although the game opens up with its own crafting/upgrading system and many achievements to work towards, the gameplay is not diverse enough to keep the traditional RPGer happy.  However, if your main reason for buying this game is to see attractive Anime girls appear on your screen, collect trading cards/backgrounds, and/or enjoy casual dating SIMs this game could be for you.  The artwork is stunning.  The content shifts from mild to erotic which will please many fans.  If you are going to give Agarest Genertions of War a try just don't go in expecting more than what it promotes itself to be."
,Recommended,237890,13374686,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"Bought this game because I was really missing the Fire Emblem series/Final Fantasy Tactics and needed to play something similar.Pros:- Long with each generation having it's own story line.- Very Replayable. Choice of mate influences future characters and different possible story outcomes with Dark/Light and turn meter. Can travel back to previous chapters once completed.- Art is very nice.- Crafting system allows for a lot of ways to change up gameplay.- Combat system is and engaging/interesting. Being able to string moves together to make combos (including ultimate moves)Cons:- VERY VERY grindy. Party AI in auto-mode is very reckless and will not use skills/items in context (person with Rez skill would attack instead of ressurecting teammate). So you cannot trust automode.Some bossfights are just completely unfair at times due to what the game expects you to be for the boss fight vs what the monsters leading up the boss are actually at.- Steep learning curve. There's a lot of game mechanics that don't have a lot of good explanation, and some things that look optional are essential for progression.- DLC weapons are insanely overpowered at the start of the  game.Other:- Fully voiced japanese audio (with english subtitles)- DLC is very optional, but very OP when starting out.I haven't beaten the game yet, but I'm well over 100 hours total. I'd like to get back into it, but I think next time I'll start out with the DLC items to speed the start of the game up. This game will definitely eat up time"
76561198063119053,Recommended,237890,32706480,Posted: 23 June,all,Aniglacial,"My personal favorite game of all time. With 13 possible endings if you count heroine true-ending changes, a normal end, bad end, and a good end. Agarest: Generations of War boasts more play time for a dedicated SRPG fan then one can possibly imagine. It is a game I believe every SRPG, JRPG or even dating-sim fan should play at least once."
76561197992928723,Recommended,237890,7334761,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Velks Suisonic,"I had heard alot about this game, on PSN, online, and now on steam, so finally broke down and bought it.  The game itself has some interesting combat that reminds me of FF Tactics with smaller fighting areas. And the generation system is innovative. But with as much as i had heard good about the game, I'm a lil disappointed in the translating, the dialog is generic.  I don't know if its just because of it being a straight trans, or if English was a third language to the makes.  At 20 bucks i think the game is worth it, but if it was any more knowing what i know now, 20 would be the limit."
,Recommended,237890,12667894,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,CRCGamer,Very long running strategy RPG with an large roster of characters and a huge selection of monsters than can be captured and also used as party members. Lots of combined attack combinations and specials and a high level post-game can keep one playing for quite a while.DLC is most definitely not required to play as it is mainly for making the early game significantly easier. (And in fact the vast majority of the DLC items lose their massive advantages by the end of the 4th act and are out-performed by upgraded 5th act or post-game equipment.)It does have a few downsides I'll admit. It is very slow to start and early on characters are incredibly fragile leading to considerable frustration if you don't know what you are doing and attempting a first run hardmode playthrough to get access to all the endgame content as fast as possible. Additionally you will need some quest area grinding to unlock certain titles that give you recipes and special unlocks.More a game for those with some patience rather than instant gratification.
,Not Recommended,237890,14960369,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Plasma Soul X,"I managed to get the true ending and honestly I’ll never try THAT again.Pros:+JRPG on PC,+Decent art style,+Interesting premise,+Story and character are hit or miss; more towards hit,+Battle system is entertaining,+Music is actually very awesome,+In-depth crafting system.Cons:--The true end; I’m sorry but those final bosses can go straight to hell,--Battle system is very, very slow without configing the FPS to at least 45+,--Dungeons have random battles and for a SRPG that is suffering,--Getting the true end is pretty much imposable without a guide,--Way to grindy for an SRPG,--Battle system doesn’t have enough feedback in my opinion,--Feels longer than necessary; five generations is a bit too long for me,--Having several recourses like PP, TP and EP feels a bit redundant and it’s hard to farm for.Conclusion:Not the worst JRPG in the world but most currently not the best. It has its problems but it also has its moments, sadly I wouldn’t recommend it due to the fact that I feel I’ve played better JRPGs and now with Steam putting out more JRPGs you have more of a selection.Disclaimer:Now just because I don’t recommend it doesn’t mean the game is bad, it’s more like if you enjoy JRPGs you’ll feel what I felt; that is it gets tedious after the 30-40 hour mark."
,Recommended,237890,17673178,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,KatoBytes,"JPRGs have been a core slice of the gaming culture for as long as any of us can remember. We have the gems, and the ostracized. Our present subject leans toward the latter. Why are these kind of games not considered highly, or even forgotten? Is it poor marketing, or weak content that deserves to stay hidden in shelves, accumulating dust? Agarest: Generations of War to an extent appears to be blessed with both. Due to downright reprehensible marketing and mediocre reception from critics, this niche selection has never seen it’s time in the spotlight in NA.Though sometimes, honest tactlessness can be a charm.Granted, “underrated” is not the best tag for this game as it’s covered in blemishes, but it would be most deceitful to say I didn’t have a blast. Agarest: GoW is a generic piece of JRPG history with merits that prove it doesn’t need to be embellished by praise or pinpoint expertise to be enjoyable.Our 200+ hour adventure starts with the Golden Leonhardt Raglan, and his aspiration of a world filled to the brim with peace and tranquility after having enough of fighting in the ongoing war. In his efforts to save a young High Elf named Ellis, he is reduced to a state of near death. In a more habitual situation, he would have passed, but a lady named Dyshana comes to his aid (No Leo, no story, right?) with a request: his life would be saved if she is granted his progeny to be the leaders of eradicating the forces of darkness. Leo agrees to partake in the compromise, and he, Ellis and some other people begin a strenuous, five-generation journey of blood, tears, agony, hope, and... other meaningful things! A rather stimulating foundation for an extensively long story, too bad almost all the events earlier in the game hold no consequence at all. However, it does get interesting once you subject yourself to a whole 50-70 hours of insignificance.In all seriousness though, Agarest borrows many themes and elements from your typical war drama, contrary to popular belief since this game was marketed with a bad image akin to those of harem visual novels. The five main Heroes of Agarest have their own ideals, and question these and whether theirsacrificewill bear fruit. The main cast of this game adds up to over 15 characters, with each having their own quirks. From the ill-minded Winfield to the more stoic Vashtor, I never felt bored with this very colorful cast. They all get their own time to demonstrate their qualities, and even though I didn’t feel too invested into them, it was pleasant to see them whenever they’d appear. However, many of them undergo their own internal strife as a result of stored up stress from the war. It doesn’t feel as shallow as I expected, and I eventually started to care for the story as a result of this depth. The story doesn’t raise the bar for storytelling in video games, but it's memorable enough to consider it above average.For JRPGs like this one to be separated from the rest it is imperative that its battle system is fairly accessible (as in not frustratingly complicated), paced optimally, and most of all fun. This game more or less succeeds in meeting this criteria. Agarest’s combat comprises of a grid-based layout that plays in turns, similar that found in more popular titles such as Disgaea. Party members and enemies are distributed across the grid either in chosen/fixed formation or by random (Surprise Encounters). Battles will shift from a Move Phase, self-explanatory, to an Action Phase where allies can perform actions such as attacking, buffing, or healing. There is quite a variety of actions you can perform, and more often than not you can combine two or more to execute a more advanced attack, Arts to be exact. There are a lot of these Arts, but honestly players will find themselves selecting a handful of them to use in the long-term. You can also use Special Arts when able to, andeven combine thoseto form Extra Arts, they’re real flashy, and feel very satisfying to pull off.Now, my grievances with the system. There are 3 main issues with it that prevent the game from being enjoyed to its fullest potential. Sluggish pacing, exploits, and completely unfair instances. In the few times were grinding is necessary, even minimal grinding makes for such an egregious experience, as the combat itself is generally slow even when skipping attack animations on top of raising the frame cap via the ini file. Also, Running around in copy-and-paste dungeons waiting for an encounter evidently becomes tedious. Post-battle rewards such as EXP wither if you lurk in dungeons or the world map for too long because “balance”. The reward drop is justified as it does prevent extensive grinding or boosting, but there are other exploits in this game that make the pain of the learning curve omitted entirely. Even then, exploits will sometimes not help you during the occasional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Bosses with the range of a sniper, multi-target burst attacks that nuke your team entirely, the whole nine yards, it’s a load of crap sometimes. It is around late game where Agarest starts to shine since these problems practically fade away since you are likely to have superior equipment and an improved understanding of the game. Also given the advent of a more interesting plot as the game progresses, Agarest’s core gameplay is one that is unrefined in its fundamentals but overall rewarding and thus entertaining.There is another section of Agarest that should not go without mention as this is what established the product’s awkward reputation in the Americas, and that is the marriage aspect of the game. During your quest to defeat Summerill and the denizens of darkness, you are also in your efforts to earn the love of one of three heroines of the respective generation. Since this is a game chronicling the events across five generations, I would expect this, therefore I’m A-OK with it. How else would you acquire the protagonist for the next generation? It’s only fair. This is done for the first 4 generations of the game, and the stats and weapon the next Hero wields is determined by your choice and your bride’s affection. How will you get your waifu to love you, you may ask? There are certain events in which the MC interacts with the heroines and the player is often prompted to make a choice to advance. This choice will either increase or decrease said heroine’s affection. Some of the situations the MC can get dragged into are pretty funny too. Any more explanation about this is basically spoiler, so you better use your wits (or a guide, preferably) to charm your way into a heroine’s heart!In-game events like these can also revolve around characters that aren’t love interests. These scenarios can vary from friendly mischief or more serious discussions having to do with their own personal matters or the war, and both of these can serve as a segue into learning more about a character’s personality. They’re somewhat tasteless to a fault, and some are absolutely superfluous fan service that break any remote sense of pacing, but it just has its own allure I find difficulty turning away from as it adds another dimension to the narrative, for better or worse.Agarest: Generations of War is an oddball for me. It’s flawed to a point where I can’t recommend it with sufficient confidence, yet I love this game. It’s a collection of many tropes seen before, there’s no good waifus, and the first hundred hours sucked (no hyperbole). I also doubt more than a few people find the investment of up to 250 hours just to finish the damn game agreeable. But SOMEwhere, it clicked, and that’s what it really boils down to. It’s just a solid game, if not just a measly mediocre one like critics suggest. Though, I am confident in the fact there are games that people feel connected to, with the quality or lack thereof notwithstanding.I gave this weeaboo trash a chance, will you?"
76561198004701225,Recommended,237890,23785978,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,van the man,"A review at 10 hours for the benefit of fellow 2016 summer sale shoppers.I've been playing JRPGs since Final Fantasy 4 (though back then it was labeled ""2"").This game's music, art, leveling/stat progression, graphics, battle system...it works for me.Audio: If ""RPG music"" is a genre of music you have actively sought after at some point, this game could add several tracks to that rotation. It's about as enjoyable as the Valkyrie Profile soundtrack. Game also has full Japanese voice acting, none that I recognize enough to put a name to yet, but there's talent to appreciate. My hearing sense is pleased.Visual: Graphics are.... ""nostalgic"". Or maybe if you'd rather look at Doom or Fallout 4, they're just bad. I find them enjoyable though. The anime character drawings are nice to look at, the backgrounds are kinda pretty.Gameplay: Hilariously overcomplicated. It was throwing tutorials at me for far longer than expected. When I was 14 I might've sat and memorized it all before going forward, but at this age, I choose to just learn as I go, and the game hasn't punished me for doing so yet (it presented me with easy-normal-hard at the start, I chose normal). The myriad mechanics are pretty fun once I started learning them, though I still haven't mustered the patience to stop moving the plot forward and find an optimal battle loadout. All in time I suppose.I recommend that DLC be disabled, since it hands you game-breakingly overpowered items in your starting inventory, items with stat numbers like 1700 when starting stats are something like 200. If it's an additional playthrough the DLCs kind of make sense, speed things along and save oneself the grind. I went back to the ""select DLC"" at the new game screen to note what all the items were and then discarded them in-game on the save I had been playing, which also worked fine.The plot is...okay! I've seen better, I've seen worse, it's enough to keep me playing. So far it's just war, war, war.Now lastly, the topic I haven't touched yet. This is a game made for a heterosexual male demographic. The term ""male gaze"" was invented for the costumes the female characters in the game wear (or lack of costumes, or whatever). The plot has some familiar devices from the anime harem genre. Partly I find this sort of thing funny, partly I enjoy it for what it is, and, another part of me acknowledges that it's pretty stupid. This paragraph is just a warning that there is such a theme to this game, which isn't for everybody.Anyway, not beating myself up over spending the sale price, since I'm enjoying the game for the time being."
,Not Recommended,237890,8391408,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sektion Dreiunddreißig,"This game is extremely fun for a few hours, but degrades rapidly because of repetitive gameplay and a frustrating central relationship mechanic.The combat is very well done and rather creative, with extremely good mechanics like the combo system and linking attacks together, but after you get the right equipment and figure out the placement of characters to most effectivly chain attacks, even strong bosses can be dealt with in two or three turns. This wouldn't be an issue, but you have a fight almost every time you move, and each turn takes so long, that you can spend hours in the game and barely advance the plot. Also. once the characters are properly equiped, there is no reason for you to be there, as the auto-fight will win most fights for you, it will just take several times longer because the AI for both you and the enemies is terrible.The generations mechanic works fine, but the game forces decisions that sometimes affect relationships is ways that don't make sense or are completly unpredictable, meaning that it is easy to ruin relationships with completly arbitary choices. All of the female characters are also straight up stereotypes and attracted to the main character to a disturbing degree, so some of the relationships feel completly out of nowhere and freqently creepy.This game would be fantastic if only they created real variety in combat, which is currently basically spaming the same combo-attacks on each enemy in turn and wiping them out before they have the opportunity to threaten you, and made the relationship system something more like interacting with real people, instead of the eterally loyal baby machines that this game portays almost every female character."
,Recommended,237890,21160229,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MSBarreto,"I'm not used to tactical games but this one got my attention because of it's story and artwork.Agarest is a great game, but if you're gonna like it or not, will depend of what motivates you during your gameplay.Pros:+The story has a really good concept(play through generations of the same family) and it's well applied.+All main characters are charismatics and well made, either because of their personality or appearance.+The artwork and soundtrack are both really good.+The battles with tons of combos and combined attacks can be really entertaining to see.Neutral(Can be a ""Pro"" or ""Con"", heavily depends on personal opinion):*This game is heavily based on reading, just like a visual novel.*This game is long, you can either think it's long enough or too long.Cons:-After some hours, the gameplay/battle can become annoying.-The item drop, item crafting, skill crafting and monster fusion systems are sometimes hard to deal with.-There aren't too much battle scenarios, you'll probably have that ""Déjà vu"" feeling."
76561198113881719,Recommended,237890,18690254,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,xXMoonlightXx,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing this rpg and I have purchase the other two successive titles. Now yeah yeah I enjoyed it but what exactly did I enjoyed? Well let's list1. The story, omg, the story. It was amazing following the different characters over 5 generations. I enjoyed every character that I met and was eager to learn about them.2. The battle system. Yesssh, the developers did a phenomenal job with this one.3.The anime rpg style, sexy guys and gals, and amazing side  characters.4. Requires many hours to complete. So monetary value on point. May be a con for some people though.75. Good acting by Japanese voice actors.Now on to the dislikes....1. Unfaiiiir bosses. No sah. These people did just waan mi mash up mi laptop. Ahhh...let's rephrase that. The level of difficulty of bosses through the game were quite unjust in some instances. Had you squinting at times at the absolute evil.2. Rare monsters-_-, yeah just think about that.3. The fact that this game might require multiple playthroughs in order to get the TRUE ending. Bearing in mind after you have suffered through one playthrough thinking that you have done the right thing only to find out how very wrong you were.4. Graphics, aumm, well, he he he. Tuffs of grass that I could have designed better.Overall. great game. I have started my second walkthrough but I am a university student in  medical sciences sooo you know, not much time but I intend to get the true ending."
76561198155877616,Recommended,237890,21432941,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Th3r4n,"This game is actually a really good game despite some of the negative reviews here. Most of these negative reviews are because the game runs kinda slow. However there is a really easy tweak for making the game run super smooth.Go into the folder where you installed the game. Locate the Agarest.ini file. ( Might have to run the game once for it to appear. )Find this line : LockWindowFrameRate=30.000000Change the value 30 to 60 and save and exit.I have played with this setting for 70 hours and have NOT encountered a single issue. I do however have a pretty decent computer and therefore it might not work on old systems. But for me the game runs really great after doing this!So if u like SRPG games and turn based strategy. Get this game and do this simple tweak and enjoy a truly great story with beautiful characters, dialogues, battle system, artwork and hundreds of hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,237890,13001619,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zeemond,"First off: If you intend to play this game, increase the FPS to 45, at least. The game biggest downfall is that is is..slow. 30 FPS near the end may take you quite a while for every fight vs a few mins with 45-60 FPS.Now, as for what works, the game remind me of diagaea and the idea of aging and new generations taking over is great. The game plays well, the combo and turn system is as good as any and the few bits of fan service may be appreciated or disliked depending on who's playing. The system is easy to get used to and the story, while not overly fleshed out will get a few good or even funny moments in. The out of combat moments, beside walking in the world map and towns, play like a japanese novel game. It is a decent buy for Tactical rpg fans.P.S. disable most DLC on first play for a more balanced experience (bonus gold and ressources is fine, saves form farming).-Lost"
,Recommended,237890,8929649,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dewguru,"If you are not a fan of JRPG's (Japanese Role Playing Games), then this game may not be for you. What exactly does that mean? If you're not interested in a game where you will have to grind out combat missions that can be repetitive, in a turn based strategy grid layout, then you're likely to get frustrated.If that doesn't bother you, then you're looking at a game with nice looking anime artwork, a wide variety of combat moves/combos, solid weapon/equipment selection, a huge resource selection for crafting, and the romance to generational continuance as your hero hooks-up and their child carries the torch into the next act. In other words, a ton of little things to enjoy and to give yourself reasons to continue grinding forward. Plus there is a variety of endings, as your decisions can determine who is still standing with you at the end. Plus there is a True Ending that you can unlock if you're careful, which unlocks a whole new zone and some of the best challenges in the game.The only thing I would warn against is playing with the DLC. The DLC can put the game into easy mode for you until you're approaching the end of the second Act/Chapter. I have the DLC, and I use it, but it's because I'm cruising through to reach the true ending. I've already played this game a ton on my Xbox 360, so I don't feel like I'm losing out on going easy mode to fly through areas I've already been through before.The game isn't for everyone, but for those who are fans of the genre, I believe you'll definitely enjoy Argarest: Generations of War."
,Recommended,237890,10671261,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sythierius,"(I have beaten the 360 version but not this version)If you're looking to kill about 100 hours on a solid strategy game with a challenging battle system, item upgrades, blacksmithing, fanservice, dialog choices, and character stat distribution, this is your game.  Keep in mind the free DLC will break the difficulty of the game, so disable it on your first playthrough if you want to experience the difficulty the game offers.  If you just want to experience the story, then equip the DLC weapons/armor and auto battle everything.10/10 if you enjoy getting to know 2D characters and you like long JRPGs."
76561198010838885,Recommended,237890,13873443,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mnmike2002,"A game that's more than the sum of its many flawed parts.Story and Characters: Story is pretty good for a non-Bioware RPG, though still not terribly deep or original.  There is some character development--perhaps akin to the older Final Fantasy games--but nothing like you'd find in many big-budget RPGs and certainly not what you'd expect in a Visual Novel (which this game sometimes gets tagged as).  The inter-generational idea is clever, but isn't pursued as fully as it ought to be.  I like the romantic choice aspects of the game, but wished that there were more references to choices made in previous generations (even if they were just throw-away lines), and the relationships felt a bit rushed.Combat: A lot of clever ideas.  Nothing you haven't seen before, but an interesting balance of in-fight positioning, party compsition and weapon choices, and pre-combat preparation, make for a reasonably deep combat system.  The biggest problem is fight length: interesting fights take a LONG time.Crafting system: Once again, lots of good ideas, not always great execution.  Crafting isn't overly tedious, but there are too many virtually identical items that only serve to take up menu space, and drop rates on certain crafting materials is much too low.True End:  To achieve the best ending, and unlock a series of end-game dungeons, requires a very particular path through the game; something more akin to a Visual Novel than a RPG.  Be warned.  Furthermore, completion of the True End unlocks a series of end-game dungeons (and a small story continuation) that requires a TON of farming to complete--easily more so than the rest of the game combined.Worth Playing?If you like RPGs with highly tactical turn-based combat mechanics, then yes.If you like story-driven RPGs, then yes, with some reservations.If you like RPGs with fast-paced combat--go elsewhere.If you like VNs with deep stories and meaningful choices--go elsewhere."
76561198020538015,Not Recommended,237890,24163505,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mooncalf477,"I honestly tried my best to complete this game, but it's truly just beyond me. It's an insult to anyone that plays it, assuming that our lives are so empty and devoid of meaning that we'd be content to slog through over a hundred hours (and that's if you cheat to avoid grinding) of bland, tedious, uninteresting drivel. The story is so much generic anime it should get its own commercials on Crunchyroll, all dark gods and contracts with enigmatic magic women, and if there's anything new or interesting about the plot, it's buried so deep into the game that no reasonable person should expect a player to ever reach it. The characters are absolute stock archetypes, which might be forgiven if they were given anything interesting to do or talk about, but as you might surmise by this point, they're not. The vast majority of the game's dialog is just the characters droning on about nothing in particular as they travel from point A to point B.The gameplay manages to combine the long setup and playtime of strategy RPGs with the constant random battles of normal RPGs, with a bonus of having to grind endlessly for various types of points and currency in order to get the best gear, like a bad MMO. The only value or potential for enrichment to be found in this plodding, pointless waste of code is as a first-hand lesson on what it must be like to be Sisyphus. After over thirty hours, even seeing it in my Steam library causes me to cringe, the game feeling more like homework than a leisure activity. I don't know what we ever did to the developers for them to decide to so insultingly waste our time, but I hope that this review will spare others from sharing that fate.Your time is the one thing you can never get back. Don't waste it on stuff like this."
76561198066282229,Recommended,237890,28643910,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GoldieTheSamurai,"Ahhhhh, Agarest, what can i say? You're ehm, long and damn annoying to try and speed run, but none the less, i did enjoy playing the game. Even though i didn't get the true ending and can't gather enough strenght to speed run through 4 generations to find out that i'm not on true end path, but i'm sure i'll get it someday. Well enough fooling around, let's get into the game in depth. Just got a noticifacation that i got a Hitman Absolution trading card...1. The plot.Well, prepare for a summary of a 30-80 hours long game. (depending on if speedrunning, using dlc or playing it normally, easy, normal or hard) It's not a bad plot to be honest, it kept me drawn in for 180+ hours in ""hell"" or ""heaven"" depending how you look at it. It's about this guy Leonhardt who's been sent on a mission to kill elves? Off to a great start, then he dies, get's ressurected and then seals away a giant pillar just before getting laid. That's the plot in a nutshell. Then the next 4 generations did the same. Except for the 5th if you did not get true ending. He's gone. I could go more into context, but, nah, that'd be like summarising all of the Lord of The Rings books, maybe more. Also, i do not want to spoil anything, even though i just did, Nevermind. ON TO THE NEXT SECTION!2. GameplayThis is an anime JRPG (like we didn't already have enough of them). You can have 6 characters at your disposal at once to do your dirty work (and killing batmans) when you go into characters menu, which will always at the end be the 5 main characters and Plum. You take turns (kinda) to do whatever you want. (RANT TIME!) So, you wanna use a power move? NOPE! THIS BAT GET'S HEALED BY POWER MOVES! (I still do not see the logic in healing someone by either punching them with a ♥♥♥♥ing glove made out of iron or shooting them with a 32 caliber bullet. (Let's just look at the Crusaders Crosbow from TF2 for an example, explain how much sense that makes.) But yeah. When you're not in battle you either move around the continent or you look at the characters having their dialogue and talking to eachother. Kinda like a visual novel, just with voice acting, that's actually ok. And then finally for this section you also get to make some choices, that'll effect the ending and who you're gonna get laid with. NEXT!3. Characters and their impact.Now, let me just get this out of my system. AGAREST. HAS. SOME. ♥♥♥♥ING. GREAT. CHARACTERS! All of the main characters are likeable (except for Ladifour, but that is just a personal opinion, but still, ♥♥♥♥ that guy) and the other characters that you can have in your party are also pretty likeable (again personal opinion, but ♥♥♥♥ Qua.) They all show some character development throughout the game and boy, do they change. Let's take Vashtor and Duran for an example, the ones i thought changed the most in my opinion, also they are both some of the coolest characters in the game let alone the entire trilogy, if it can even be called one. (Agarest Zero - Agarest - Agarest 2) And of course we have the heroines, then ones that get laid. There's in total in the first 4 generations 12 (I know, i should be a math teacher) and they all want the D. 3 pr. Generation and most of them are likable (♥♥♥♥ Valerie tho, i swear, the only saving grace gen 2 had was Vashtor, Sherufanir and seeing Ellis grow from a kid to a grown woman-highelf thing.) That pretty much sums up this section.4. Weapon choicesWell... Yeah, i adore the gameplay and the battle system, but... these weapon choices are a ♥♥♥♥♥(es). Let's take the heroines for an example, depending on who you choose your son will have a different weapon, design and willpowers. but it's just that most of the combinations are♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially the Elaine line. Ladifour becomes great, but then it just becomes meh. Then we have the Luana line, which i had the last playthrough i did and ♥♥♥♥ that line. Seriously, it wanted me to choose Breakers 4 times, and then i choose Sherufanir and then had to go through 3 guns... Yeah, Fyuria is kinda the only perfect one to start off with. And also if you were wondering, Leonhardt always start with a sword, so ehm, yeah. It's kinda limited to what you can do. They first fixed this problem in Zero. oh, and talking about swords. Every main character will have a sword as their weapon under cutscenes, even though they use knuckles in battle. Becuase deus ex machina.5. What i hate.So this is what I hate about the game, as a shut in weeb with no life. You can skip this section if you want to, please don't, show me some love instead. This game did not let me down, even though i despise some of the major game mechanics AKA the weapon system, seriously, breakers 4 times in a row. And the fact that you don't find out if you are on the true ending path until like 20-65 hours into the game (again depending). It hurts to find out that the thing you spend a week on dosen't matter. Oh you wanna complete this game within 30 hours, here buy all of the dlcs, use 30 more euros than needed, just so you can get that ♥♥♥♥ing Man's Fist for Borgnine. Oh you like Sherufanir eh? too bad, because Yayoi is a better choice, and we all know you went with Fyuria the first generation... And then finally, ♥♥♥♥ you Ladifour. Ehm, sorry about that.So did i enjoy this game? Yeah!Was it worth 45 euro? Ehhhh...And therefor my final rating for this game, is a punch that heals you out of 10. (press the smiley if you get the refrence)My actual rating is a 7.8 out of 10.It could have been done better but it was done well."
,Not Recommended,237890,7780742,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ollie,"This concept -- a tactical RPG spanning several generations, with each generation's protagonist changing as a result of the choices the previous one made -- had SO MUCH potential.  Instead, though, it's just a wad of the most tired and repellent tropes of fantasy anime wrapped around an iinteresting-but-repetitive tactical JRPG.  Even the software side is pretty much just there, with clunky menus and problems with basic interface elements and responsiveness.  I wanted very much for this game to be the game I imagined it could be, but instead the nicest thing I can say about it is that it's... functional."
,Not Recommended,237890,22755322,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"I enjoy the story, I enjoy the characters, I enjoy the character interactions. I sort of enjoy the combat. I like alot about this game. I intend to complete it but after 20+ hours I am still only half way through Generation 2 (out of 5) and I am finding the repetitive nature of the combat quite tiresome. Initially I had some seriously overpowered weapons in my inventory (some dlc or preorder bonus) which I disabled so it wouldn't spoil the game by making it too easy. More have appeared in my inventory and eventually I have decided using them just to stroll through the combat and get on with the story.I really want to see how this progresses and it is a damn shame the combat is so repetitive, there is so much more they could have done with it. There are so many character and monsters to use but you end up just using the same 6 all the time (others fall behind).The inventoy/crafting/enhancing is unnecessarily complicated. Time spent loading old save because blacksmith can randomly fail alchemy is annoying. You need to enhance this item to make this item part then you need this book to be able to craft this item to make that item and so on, none of this is shown before you actually buy/enhance things so you have to constantly save/load to figure it all out, or google a guide.This game is looking like it will be 100+ hours to complete, especially if you want to try to get something like the true ending. And speaking of true endings, if you really wanted it you need a guide. As with most role-playing games, it might be tempting to play this game ""your way"". I really hope it's less as that's alot of time to get out of it the things I am enjoying.Unless you have 1000+ free hours at hand to experiment with its magical dialog tree and light/dark meter, your best bet is the True end guide: even though the guide will force you into picking choices you don't like (so that True end and CGs are unlockable...)The question isn't ""Is this a good game?"" as much as it is ""Is it worth the time?""Pros:*******+ Interesting story+ 2D Graphics and animation that never grows old (for me at least)+ Reminded me of old ps1/ps2 games such as Saga Frontier and Vandal Hearts 2+ Vast number of well-designed, cool characters+ Multiple paths to take for character developement, different stat/weapon builds and story developement+ Multiple EndingsCons*******- Combat repitiveness is so dull that you want to just skip everything and wish there was a Animated Novel version of this game available on Steam- Battles quickly became the main source of frustration, and in my opinion, not the good sort. Agarest follows the transitional ""just one more boss"" JPRG motto and by end of it, I was completely burnt out from grinding- Unnecessarily complicated equipment mechanics- There are also minor issues preventing me from enjoying this game, such as combo system dependency on team formation, deep hierarchies on crafting system, subpar translation and that damn Blacksmith- LOOOOOOOOOOONG story- Replayability = Zero6/10I'm a huge fan of Tactics games as I grew up on them, so I might be a little partial. This game is great for those who like 2D tactics games like Disgaea and such. Be prepared for 100+ hours though of said tactics game.It's sad to see Agarest failed to deliver what it aimed to, and sadder for me still, to admit that metacritic scores (45/100) are probably well-deserved.All I can say at this point is: there are many games you can play for 150 hours instead of Agarest: Generations of War, and in hindsight, many of them might have been a better choice."
76561198160868511,Recommended,237890,32970915,Posted: 28 June,all,Strayed Lynx,"The first installment of the excellent Agarest series,expect great turn based strategy,a good story and gorgeous waifus."
,Not Recommended,237890,28924749,Posted: 1 January,all,Pathborn,"Okay, this is a strategy-rpg, and it's a genre I love, I buy any game on Steam as long as it's a strategy-rpg. If you want to sell a game to me, just give it the 'strategy-RPG' tag, along with 'turn-based combat' and I'll buy it instantly.But it's not like your grandfather's Final Fantasy Tactics, or your great-grandfather's Shining Force, instead it has five generations, each of which is -- mostly the same. The first generation is quite fun. I can't say I didn't like playing through the first generation, because more or less I did, it felt like a good game at that point.Then you play the second generation and it feels like basically the same game over again, starting from the beginning -- same enemies, same character types, just a slightly different story. Okay, then they expect me to repeat that three more times? No, at that point I got bored. I can play the same game once. I can even play it twice. But to put the same game five times in one game and call it five games in one when in fact it's just one game cloned five times... um, fool me once, shame on you, fool me five times... you can't fool me five more times!Additionally, the game tries to sell you so-called pay to win DLC. Why should I pay extra money to make an already easy game even easier? To get through the boredom of the five repetitive games faster? It's a decent trick, but again it's a trick.I don't think strategy-rpgs should rely on tricking the player. They're one of the few noble genres left in the world, less touched by corruption than most game genres. So it's sad to see such tricks creep their way even into this genre. Especially when there are so very few games in this genre on Steam (sure there's a whole slew of western-style tactical RPGs like Xcom and Shadowrun Returns, and they're great, but they just aren't quite the same genre as Disgaea or Tactics Ogre to me).Bottom line is, the first thirty hours of this game are actually quite fun. Then they ask you to play those same 30 hours over again, five times. And they expect you to pay them more money so it won't feel as boring to do so. That's literally what this game is doing. That more people don't realize this is a mystery."
,Recommended,237890,7751393,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Nacho Man,"It's honestly not that bad. While not amazing, the combat is solid enough to stand on its own and you eventually block out any fanservicey elements. I wouldn't recommend it at 20 bucks but 10 bucks will net you a solid game just with some questionable elements."
76561198110743902,Recommended,237890,24234296,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Berein,"Since this is currently my longest played games on Steam and maybe you won't find a person with a longer hours count in the review section, I think I am kind of obligated to give this game a bit of review.The recommend vs not recommended system on Steam is fundamentally flawed. I would only point out what kind of games this is, and you decide for yourself whether you like it or not.1.This is the type of ""Wikia for the win"" game.Don't let my hours count fool you. I spent at least 50+ hours on researching for all the tricks, crafting and story route on Wikia.  And this is very typical of your old-school RPG or JRPG in general. You need to do homework, you need to do research. The hours you spent outside the game is MUCH MUCH more important than your gaming hours. If you are the kind of person who just go and immerse yourself in the game world and you don't care much about research game mechanics, this is bad for you.2.This is the type of ""smart grind for the win"" game.Again, don't let my hours count fool you, my actual human controlled play time is only about 200 hours, the rest? I left a keyboard-simulator to auto-grind for EP, money and materials when I went out to hang around  (And you can find guide about this on Wikia, it even works in Xbox 360 version). I have seen many people complain about grind, I have to say, sorry you did it wrong. It is true for the true end bosses you need to grind for the ATTACK+999 items which is more nightmarish than hell, but other than that, there are smart ways of doing it. Still, if you don't like the sound of it, perhaps you would like to stay way.3.This is the type of ""Difficulty choice means sh*t"" game.Again and again, don't let my hours count fool you, my first play through on easiest difficulty took me around 250 hours, and I used a trainer to modify save files, and yet I got demolished by the true end bosses. This is again your old-fashioned RPG or JRPG, difficulty choice is just bullsh*t. If you are doing it right, using the right method, utilising all the game mechanics, even hell feels like kindergarten. But if you are doing it wrong, even easiest difficulty feels like an upfront sandbagging to you. The in-game description says easy difficulty is for players only to view the story which is motherf*cking lying. If you don't like the taste of this, don't try this game.4.The graphics and sound quality are dated, which is understandable, as this game is quite old since it first came out. Many things are considered sub-standard even by anime game standard. Characters are just a piece of cardboard with no animation.The music in my opinion is great, but it wears out very fast because the sheer amount of battle you need to go through.The best music cannot withstand 700 hours listening, trust me.5.The battle system and character system is actually quite interesting.The grid are there to fool you, the real strength lies within linking. Contrary to many other games, the casual mobs on the streets are just as dangerous as the boss fights. So in mid to late game every fight needs you to focus, in the end, this plus the endless repetition takes out the fun that you used to have on the battle field. Of course I apreciate the absurd diffculty of this game, the feeling of each battle win is good even though it is repetitive. But if you don't, the battle can bore you to death.6.The story is just mediocre at best, and anime tropes (stereotypes) are everywhere.And there are differences in the culture which I think western audience may find it awkward or even offensive. Since I played a lot of anime games, I know this is the norm, but as a review, I think I need to point this out.Overall, after I got smashed in easy difficulty with trainers on the first run, I decided I ought to give a try the second time and I really wanna beat it on the hardest difficulty. In the end, I did. The process is quite satisfying, especially when you watch the final boss got beaten by you like a kid, it was so easy if you put in time. And I don't regret the decision to purchase this game a single bit. But I think I don't have any energy left to beat this game again, or to try any other agarest games on my steam account..."
76561197980010878,Recommended,237890,7755970,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Regret and Redemption,"STORY:Cliched - if it bothers you that it's based of a concept already done - wait until you get to my age and start seeing the same movie/book etc coming out every couple years with a different name and different actors - yeah, thats right - no such thing as unique - a sad, bitter truth. :P But that doesnt mean it's done poorly - I found the writing to more or less be intelligent and thought-out, with emotions where it felt right and needed - it's an old story, but it was told right.I think the translators should have refrained from turning it from feudal to medival though, during conversations - its just felt weird sometimes (could just be becuase I know japanese, and what I hear and what I read are at odds at times).If I had a complaint about the story - it's that it feels abit impersonal and glossed over - but that's not something I think could easliy be fixed (without sinking alot more time into development), as the game takes place over multple generations - they kind of forced themselves to give you ""the gist"" of each hero, rather then a in-depth journey for each guy. (I would have loved to read through each characters' life, from a young age to adult-hood, just to see how they grow and react to their fate)One thing I did like about the story - they did a good job of expressing the long-term feelings of main cast (Ellis, Winfield, etc) you could sense Ellis slowly despairing at the heros' destinies, etc.MEDIA:Standard anime faire - if you know anime, then its pretty much what you can expect from a fantasy setting - boobs and all. (which I think is great personally - I wish more people would learn to appreceitte sexuality - there's enough over-glorified violence in the world and gaming - balancing that dark side with an aspect of provocitive artstyles and sexual innuendo is a good offset - positive energy versus negative, etc)Setting aside the obvious aforementioned style - the actual drawing style is polished and you can tell care was taken with each character - and there is variety to each character, allowing for different emotions - some other games all you got was a single portrait, regardless if they were screaming or laughing.Music is better then most jrpg music - nothing great and outstanding, like blockbuster titles - but also not nerve-grating and repetitive; there were a few tracks I would go ""oh I like this one"" (mainly certain battle musics). but alittle more variety wouldent have killed them, i'll admit.Voice acting is in Japanese - which is fine for me becuase I talk the talk - but I know not having english VO's rubs some people the wrong way; if you cant stand it, might as well move on.GAMEPLAY:Typical FF tactics style - it's unforgiving to the unexperienced, and those that just want to strong-arm their way through - you need to think during every battle, and plan out your turns in advance if you can, etc.Not a game to be played with ezmode mindset - it can feel grueling at times - but was persona series ever quick and painless either?EDIT: an afterthought - I will give a failing grade on PC controls - the mouse and keybaord felt very ""twitchy"" and it would have bugged the hell out of me during combat - if you have a controller you can plug in, I strongly urge you to, its alot more intuitive for this game.OTHER STUFF:Alot of subtle details over-looked, such as the detail for teh various textures in battle - to the branching choices and (some) long-term consequences invoked (""do I attack the castle or go around the lake?"") All which can change the outcome of the end game - yup, multiple endings, - no cookiecut ""here ya go, 1 ending fits all!"" approach - what you choose to do, will determine your ending.Many hidden conditions to what events occur, and what the end result will be. (not even touching the soul-breed system, needless to say they thought out every combo of mother/grandmother etc in the whole game, each making a different hero)worth the money, easily. was a good game for me. (it's no Fate/Stay Night, but it sure as hell is better then some like Rance or Alchemy meister)"
,Not Recommended,237890,25801253,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"Fun for a while, but quickly becomes repetetive.Guilty of padding the game with literally hundreds of meaningless and overly-time consuming battles between story events."
76561198013912307,Not Recommended,237890,14156227,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Roose,"The one decent aspect of this game is the battle system. It's relatively unique and revolves around setting up and moving your characters on the board in order to set up ""links"" between them. These links allow you to chain attacks, trigger special attacks, and provide0other  bonuses to your characters. It's a fun system that you can play around with for a little while. However, every single map is exactly the same, so prepare for boredom to set in pretty quickly.The real problem is that this game has some of the laziest writing I've ever encountered. There are so many characters in the game and yet not a single one really stands out in any fashion. Each can be boiled down to a basic stereotype (""silent, brooding guy"" ""ladies man"" etc) and are forgotten as soon as they leave your party. Most of the interactions feel completely contrived and feel like they were written by someone who has never actually interacted with a human being before. What little story there is mostly uniteresting and bland. The plot spans five total generations, which is an interesting concept that makes me wish the execution had been better."
,Not Recommended,237890,14914981,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hammer of Dom,"I can't say I feel good about saying ""I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS GAME,"" because I do find myself very interested in the characters and the story. I think one of the main flaws of the Steam version is that you get a lot of really cool items to start out with that a lot of the characters can use. HOWEVER, if you are anything like myself you take these items for granted and only start to look at crafting new items at the point of the game where you realized you had to have been starting the grind from hour 1. The battles are spaced out with more battles and it seems like only a few characters are actually usable (however there are probably many that disagree with me). I found myself putting the game on auto mode and sitting down on my bed waiting for it to finish. Three generations in, Im having a hard time finding reason to continue. I want to continue with the story, I just have an insurmountable amount of tedious fights ahead of me. Its not that I dont like this game, its that I would caution against playing this game. If you love the grind and you have a guide open in a tab on your computer and enjoy JRPG's, then play this game and I do sincerely hope you like it."
,Recommended,237890,29512084,Posted: 26 January,all,Kygun,"Agarest as a series introduces an interesting mechanic that most RPGs don't have: generational arcs that create an almost datingsim-like aspect to the game. Overall, the story is average and the battle system is somewhat repetitive. Worth a buy if it is on sale."
76561197985072747,Recommended,237890,8623942,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Genre -  Anime Turn Based RPG/Battle GameThis has cool looking aime visuals and everyone speaks Japanese (with sub-titles). There are loads of item combinations annd skills to use. Seems good so far and the story is typical fair. If you are a fan of Japanese culture and games this seems to tick the right boxes.
,Recommended,237890,8551041,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,⎝⎝ありがとうPSO⎠⎠,SRPGとして結構良く出来てるノーマルでも難しいと思う場面が多々ある女の子が可愛い10ドルまでなら買い
76561198019839359,Recommended,237890,12934466,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rookie (ZOE),"Believe me when I say this...    At first, long ago, I thought Record of Agarest War was nothing but a waste of time, and boy was I wrong when I delved into the truly incredible story that spans beyond a single generation in the quest to defeat the source of woe in all Agarest.  Sure, it seems simple at first:  Defeat Summerill and all is well...     ...or is it...?   That, my friend, will be up to you to figure out in this unforgettable story of love, betrayal and ultimately... hope for the future of Agarest.     DEFINITELY giving this a MAJOR 100/10, sorry Zero fans but i'm in love with the original RoAW more, really. :D    All-in-all, truly worth your time as this is one of the few stories that is actually very well thought out and for some scenarios/paths you take can be either hilarious, happy or saddening.  Again though...  the forks in the road ahead are yours to choose, may the future either shine or darken your path in Agarest... >:)"
,Recommended,237890,7744729,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,KittyChajin,"My largest fault with the game is the repetitiveness of combat. Also it could do with explaining some things a little more such as chained attacks and smithing guides. I would recommend looking at the games wiki to answer those questions, though even that is not a great guide.I love the idea of the different generations though and I'm currently on the second generation. The story is ok but makes more sense after you read the characters individual bios. The characters are also likeable and I also love the auto feature during conversations so you can sit back and read without having to keep clicking away at the end of every speech bubble.I believe the game has gained a bad reputation that it does not deserve. Whilst it will not be one of my all time favourite games it is still enjoyable, a reasonable price considering the hours you can put into it and the details ie smithing weapons, creating monsters etc and very re-playable. Basically it's a good game, above average at any rate, but suffers from what I can only describe as a lack of care when it came to finishing the game and ironing out it's creases so to speak."
76561198031908641,Recommended,237890,9799264,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Sir Luks,">>A good RPG-Novel<<What can I say about this game?For me is a great game. The battle system is very different from any other tactics game, a very well developed story and the skill and level up systems allows you to make the character the way ou want. You constantly need to research and develop new skills and new items if you want to keep strong and alive in the game.I only found problems on the very poor tutorial system, which only explains the basics (and too much basic) from some details of the game, making you take some time to adapt with the game, and I think the game could have some kind of dating system to develop your relation with the girls (just like Thousand Arms for PS1).I assume that I have bought them all, but the DLCs can make the game a lot easier, so if you want, you can make like me and have 2 save games, one with all DLCs activated (only to enjoy the game and have for sure EVERYTHING in the game, and at start they help you to know better the game mechanics) and the other one with all of them disabled (this way you can have some challenge in the game)."
,Recommended,237890,27690578,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheHop,"A brutally long, repetitive JRPG riddled with stereotypes. But built on a solid foundation and requiring a strategic mind."
76561197999955764,Recommended,237890,7745203,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HunterAnubis,I cant really say its great game but its not the worst game.I feel like this game falls flat on its face with characters and interactions with them.You usualy have a large roster of characters to use in combat or monsters that is great it gives you a lot  of freedom but when it comes to story elements it feels like the devs were lazy.More then 90% of the time you have no idea whose in the room as story is being told in conversations that slide one picture of a dude to another. Since this game does have locations and few walking parts I really think they should have moved converstations in there instead of making it confusing like this.Sometimes someone joins you and half an hour later you find out that the person DID join you and hes in the menu.Combat is very repetetive. It usualy punishes you for not finishing it ASAP as enemies get special points like you do but they mostly have devastating range attacks.Also the game is not as much of an Eroge as ppl made it sound. Theres not even a niple so if thats why you were after it Im sorry to break your buble.The game has some very likeble characters but if their human they dont stay for long and some characters have 3-4 lines per generation.I wish they would expand on the story rather then repetetive fight but that is probebly just me
,Recommended,237890,20016428,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✨AskingForTrouble™,"I'm reccommending this, though not for general play.  Those who aren't willing to start their first run on hard, adhere to a ""perfect path"" guide and refer to an underkept wiki constantly for necessary strategic information need not apply.That being said, don't knock it 'til you try it!Additional Information May 2nd, 2016:I don't reccommend purchasing the DLC, as it's primarily items that can be found through general gameplay and grinding.  If you're going to buy it, though, in an effort to breeze through the first three or four generations on a non-newgame+ hard mode run, only buy DLC packs 2, 3 and 4 when they're on sale for less than $2.00 a piece.  The contents of pack 1 come bundled with the game, though won't say you already own DLC pack 1.  Do not buy packs 5 and 6; you probably don't need to buy anything if  you can't afford it, and you'll have several times the amount needed when you do (refer to the game's screenshots displaying the amoung of gold, pp and tp, and you'll see just how inconsequential the amounts really are).  Pack 6 is a pure waste of money, all the cutscenes and profiles are unlocked upon achieving the perfect ending (look for it in the Steam guides section).  If you're going to buy the ""premium edition"" upgrade, know that the bundled soundtrack is incomplete (No ""In Your Face,"" the one song I bought it for???) and the wallpapers can be found online for free.  It's fine if you want to buy it for the sake of supporting the game, though it's rewarding a fairly half-baked effort."
,Recommended,237890,11110017,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,MOEbius,"If you came here expecting some game like final fantasy tactic,you came to the wrong placebut if you expecting something like utawarerumono or tears to tiara,this is the one for youa VN,strategy turn based game,you can choose your side,be it in the darkness,or light,have fun repeating this game to see each kind of story"
,Recommended,237890,28744407,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,《Nova》,"Don't let my play time fool you, I have played this game on the Xbox 360. I have beaten this game once and by the gods, this is by far my favorite J-RPG.J-RPGs are known for being tedious grind sessions, great story elements, and of course, great 'plot'. This series has it all to be quite frank, and I love every bit of it! The visual novel aspect of this game makes it different from most other J-RPGs, and even get the chance to romance with 3 woman for the first 4 generations is pretty limiting, but it's enough!This game is not for the faint of heart, it has moments where you will feel for a character, and you will want to keep playing. My only bad nag about this game is that there is sometimes a long point-to-point battle system. However, the ability to return to these already battle-fought points for grind makes it easy for grinding and material hunting.This game is long, overly long for a J-RPGs to take place, however, the endings makes it worth while. I have only ever gotten the neutral ending, and I plan to play this to get te true ending!"
76561198019525235,Recommended,237890,10582170,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Omni,its okay
,Recommended,237890,9166642,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Neko Baka Momo,Agarest is a RPG title in the form of a classic game of role you play as a character who must fight to level up and gain new abilities. This game also offers a design and very manga graphics. The particularity of the title comes from the fact that it takes place over 5 generations. So the story evolves with your love and marriage choices.Is a very good game^^
,Not Recommended,237890,25108827,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,HellaCasual,"If you're looking for something with similar battle stylings like FF Tactics, Fire Emblem, and NIS games then this probably isn't what you're looking for. The layout of the area is similar but the way combat is conducted just made me miss the previous games/company I mentioned before. It tries to be unique from the three and it is, but just not in a way I found fun.I liked the idea of crafting your weapons, which is popular in many games but having to pump point into gear, only to break it down for a base part that you can't rebuy after you have done once already isn't appealing either.If you like dating sims and finding waifus then I suppose you wouldn't mind what I previously mentioned."
76561197987850622,Recommended,237890,7754679,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Notajoo,"If you're a fan of Strategy RPG and JRPGS and have a lot of patience, I recommend this one. There is a lot of grinding and each battle takes quite a bit of thought due to the complicated nature of the combat system, but there's a ton of depth in there as well and tons of content to keep you playing. At this point, none of the DLC adds content, it just gives you uber gear to start with (which kind of defeats the point), so you don't have to worry about the cost and amount of DLC packs there are.Not my favorite game, but I do plan on beating it.... some day."
76561198070918064,Recommended,237890,10957260,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Relax,"SO i have played agarest generations of war and i thought that it was a very well developed game. And yes the game was a little bit repetitive after the during the third generation. But however i enjoyed this game nevertheless! this is honestly my first review ive written on steam and its for this game. Both of this game has a very nice soundtrack to it, and some very smooth gameplay. If you are into kawaii anime characters that you can marry and turn based fighting styles then this is your game! i am a big fan of Compile heart and ghostlight. So have fun with this game guys and happy gaming!"
,Recommended,237890,7743062,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Deturis,"This is probably the longest and the best JRPG right now on steam. It has really complex and deep gameplay mechanics. I didn't have any audio or other issues, it's a solid port I really recommend it to JRPG fans and people who want something different that isn't bog standard western bioware-esc-style rpg. We need more games like this on steam.If you are still not convinced - boobs inside, yeah I know instantly 10/10 GOTY. :)But really, 8+/10And don't bother to buy any DLC, maybe if you are having a hard time in game then you may buy a pack, but really those DLCs contain only overpowered gear and additional stat points. Your choice."
,Recommended,237890,12134534,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"This is a Tactical RPG that forgets it isn't a normal JRPGThis game has me incredibly polarized on whether or not I like it. The initial concept is brilliant, a very long tactical RPG with anime inspired characters you can build relationships with and marry and carry over through multiple generations? It may not be everyone's cup of tea but for me it was pure music to my ears.The problem I ran into though wasn't the anime styte, the story, the characters, or any of that, it was the core... the gameplay, or more specifically the combat that leaves this funny taste in my mouth.Coming from playing Tactical RPGs like Final FantasyTactics, and Tactics Ogre, my very first shock was that there is no height in any of the maps, you will always be playing on a very bland uninspired flat field which may work for a standard JRPG but for a tactical RPG where 80% of the game is played in combat... not a smart move. Then of course there's the gimmick, and oh what a gimmick it is. There's a very confusing and very artificial game-y mechanic where you perform powerful chain combos and attacks by placing your characters in specific formations on the field. It's not very fun, it makes positioning less tactical and more unrealistic in my opinion.Secondly this game once again forgets it's not Final Fantasy and absolutely bogs you down with combat, it has the feeling of the ""take five steps, random encounter"" battles from early JRPGs on the SNES and Playstation. This wouldn't be a problem but battles don't take 30 seconds to complete, they require a lot more precise execution.So do I recommend it? Well strangely, yes I do, but only to those who really love the concept and can see themselves pushing through the lackluster combat to enjoy this game. There is plenty to enjoy but it lacks the elements that truly make a Tactical RPG good.Finally, don't be discouraged as I was initially by the number of DLCs, almost all of them are cheater-y items that make the game easier, and are in no way required or necessary to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,237890,10200234,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Yuri-senpai,Got Agarest: Generations of War and Zero when it was on sale now I am hooked on the series. This is a great JRPG I highly recommend it this is also my 1st over the top turn based JRPG and I loved it. The story is great and the gameplay is amazing to.
76561198004346673,Recommended,237890,10521696,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Azengarde,Freaken fun game! If your a fan of this style of gameplay. Funnest game of its kind ive played since final fantasy tactics (the origional for the playstation.
,Recommended,237890,16090908,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Prominence Ricca,"Officially completed the game, story was very emotional, hilarious and sometimes inspiring. Character development for each heros and heroines were wonderful.Pros:1. Intriguing Story2. Good character building3. Flashy skills4. Catchy voice acting and characters5. Choices to make ingame6. Difficulty increases per level (per generation to be exact)7. Multiple endingsCons:1. Framerate issues2. Events are not linear"
76561198033604029,Recommended,237890,7740651,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bolt,Turn based tactics combat with intercourse and children! You already know you're interested.
76561198046038456,Recommended,237890,13776876,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sarunia,I enjoy this game's storyline. The battles are fun and I like how it has you think about where to put your character's and how to use them. This game is perfect for peoples who are in it for the story and want to continue the story further out of curiousity and determination. I definitely recommend this game to those who havn't played it before.
,Recommended,237890,7303729,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Paikia,"I've been playing Agarest for only a couple of hours so far, but it's enough for me to decide I really like this game.Agarest: Generations Of War seems to be all about the tactics, pretty much like some of the Shining Force games, specifically the game(s) for the GameGear and SegaCD (partly the same games packed differently). It means you don't get to roam around freely and look for cities, treasures, clues or whatever. I also figure there are no random battles. You simply go from one battle to another.The backstory does seem rich and deep, although I admit I'm still kind of confused about what's what. There's that Light / Darkness gauge, which is still a mystery for me.The graphics and animations are sweet, japanese style. One thing that bothers me is that the characters' lips don't move when they speak. Also, the voice acting is all in japanese. The written text in all in english, though (obviously).The battle system looks really promising - being complex and deep, yet easy enough to learn (there are quick and easy tutorials).All in all, the game looks good, so far. If you like Japanese Tactical RPGs, you might want to get this one, it definitely looks promising. I'll update this review as I keep playing and have a better perspective.*Update (13 hours)* - It took me a couple of months to get back to this game after a long break. I had been thinking the game might have not be interesting or challenging enough to keep me playing for too long, but I ended up being too curious to let go. In fact, the game has been getting much more interesting for me, as I've been learning the blacksmithing / enhancement weapons system. I really feel this game has much more to offer than I first realized. By now I'm pretty sure I'm going to play this game through till the end, and I can't be more pleased I decided to give it a chance."
,Recommended,237890,9149723,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,NvN. Neo,"Very good grid strategy game and a very long one too. Agarest is definetely a series that just won't please everyone since it requires a fair amount of planning, grinding, and at times, also requires understanding of game mechanics such as how the AI works during battles. Most people seem to be scared away from the game thanks to the big amount of DLC, truth is most of them are nothing more than shortcuts to better gear, unlocks for the gallery and such (stuff which can be acquired legit in the game itself with some effort and will likely need replacement later on) and they can always be turned off prior to starting a new game (buying DLC will add them to your existing files however, just ignore or sell or whatever if you want to). Only points such as PP and EP can really ruin the experience.The relationship simulation part is somewhat interesting and can change how decisions are taken by the player either because you might end up liking a specific character better or really wants to create an optimal hero for the next generation. This allows the game mix stuff a little bit so it doesn't become too repetitive by changing a good fraction of the party members, the main character stats and even the kind of role it plays in battles.Anyways. A great game if you don't mind working for stuff, watching a lot of cutscenes and actually care for the story and character development along it's five generations. Going for all titles, true end and clearing the post-game areas can take a lot of work too. I do enjoy the stuff mentioned above so...."
,Recommended,237890,10174952,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,ВеликаяРусь,"It's hard to start to review this game, especially because it takes forever and a half to finish the game, even on easy difficulty where combat is somewhat less stressful (though by no means actually ""easy"" if you don't utilize the DLC items, and I don't, though ""easier"" is a better word).Let's just make a list of pros and cons and we'll get going.PROS:-Really in-depth storylineWhile the world has things like elves and such and a lot of typical fantasty JRPG elements, the world itself is very interesting, especially in the way it's pulled together. You have deep lore that I wish could be more expanded upon.The fact that the continents are all somehow super isolated from each other and the idea of crossing over to the other ones is unheard of thanks to some magical barrier?It's really confusing but at the same time, you want to know why. The story spans like... five generations in this one guy's family line and the children change depending on who the mother you choose is. The romance aspect feels kind of shallow, but every character has an in-depth backstory. The world's story also addresses, if briefly and somewhat shallowly in some aspects, issues like racism, xenophobia, and nationalism.-Lots of possible endings and routes to get thereEven the walkthroughs that I've found aren't entirely cohesive. While it often seems like there's just one path, it's partially because of choices making subtle changes further down the line and what number of ""world turn"" you're on. If you take too long to progress in the story, that can also affect things. Also, in most every generation, you can pursue three different girls so each generation has its own variable ending and the way you choose to put together each generation determines stats further down the line. There's also a ""light"" and ""dark"" morality system, but as I'm still fairly early in the game, I'm not sure really what that ultimately affects.-Familiar-esque JRPG combat systemTactical map, techniques, and positioning not unlike Disgaea? Agarest has it. While getting used to specific controls and individual attacks may take a bit (though not long), the actual system isn't that unfamiliar to any veteran JRPG players.-Lots of play time for the dollarI bought this game when it was on sale for just $10, and I try at least equate each dollar to one hour minimum of gameplay for being worth the price. This game meets and exceeds that by far. Unless you absolutely hate the game, then you can get hundreds of hours of gameplay out of this (I have yet to reach that mostly because I play in spurts), even if some of it's repetition to try and get to new things or to find different ways. With the way events and saving are rigged up, it's difficult to do that efficiently. What really takes the longest though are the fight sequences. You can technically ""autobattle"" but it's not recommendedandthat'll still take forever. This could technically be a con or a pro, but I consider play-time opportunity a pro.CONS:-Excessive amounts of expensive, overpowered, and more or less unnecessary DLC itemsSeriously, you aren't going to need it unless you're looking to remove all combat challenge. The game when you buy it comes with some but they aren't as terribly overpowered. The game will be tricky but managable without it, at least on ""easy."" The ""normal"" difficulty is only somewhat harder either. I have yet to play the higher difficulties.-Replayability is very difficultDue to the length of the game, which will probably take at least 50 if not more hours on a single playthrough, you'll find replaying very difficult. It's not impossible and if you work in pieces with multiple save files, which is also time consuming, then sure why not. Or if you're a glutton for punishment, you can just do the classic idea of replaying through entire campaigns. It's impossible to see all of the content in one go around. The game was specifically designed to make saving before a choice to just go back and change your answer difficult. That was its intent.-Grinding for levels is a pain in the neckRunning around to find monsters is troublesome because you have to hang out in a dungeon area if you're not strong enough to progress in the story. That kind of goes without saying for most JRPGs of this sort (or of combat games where you gain levels by kicking stuff's♥♥♥♥♥ so that's more of a genre specific problem then just this game. It's not even really a con, so much as just one of those aggravating necessities.-New party members are often, but not always, super under-leveledOn my first and current playthrough, in generation 1, when I get thegun-wielding character, he was nearly ten levels beneath everyone else. I never attempted to level him up because it was such a hassle and I'd have to backtrack to places I couldn't actually reach at that moment in the story when they wanted me to use him.And in the second generation when he's still around, he spent like... twenty years not gaining any levels, but neither did anyone else so--Underleveling between generations is kind of a problem in general though.The main guy for generation 1, was level 23 at the end. His son didn't carry over the levels and started at 18. Quite frustrating while the rest of my party was hanging out in the mid-20s. Also the fact that it's almost a waste to put any points in your heroines because they don't transfer to the next generation either so I typically avoid using them in the party if I can.-Expensive to revive charactersWhen your characters fall in battle, they will not only not receive experience but they will have to be revived for a fee at a town which is $100+ ($100xlevel). Spendy and inconvenient.I know there seem like more cons than pros, but these cons are really more annoyances than anything game-breakingly detrimental.This game is really worth checking out if you love JRPGs and are willing to sit through a story that takes eons to get through."
,Recommended,237890,7753842,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ShawnOfTheDeadz,"A fun addicting strategy rpg game which will have you spending hours without even knowing it.The Pro's and Cons:+ ""Generational"" unique stories within an over arching plot+ Lots of different moves, characters, items, monsters+ Length, the game takes about 40 + hours to complete+ Soundtrack is nice+/- Romance+/- 8 bit graphics+/- Japanese voice acting- Generic overarching plot- Despite variety combat can become repetitive and boring"
,Not Recommended,237890,9259072,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Happy Spanker,"I came here for the ""truly epic story"" and ""innovative turn-based combat"", I left because it turned out to be some terribly cliché visual novel with boring and uninspiring combat scenes.The gameplay is slow and monotonous, there is little to no strategy involved and the game seems to revolve around 'playing' your way from one contrived plot event to the other. If you came here expecting something akin to Final Fantasy Tactics, Valyria Chronicles or XCOM: Enemy Unknown, then do yourself a favour and run away from this foul tripe.I had more fun filling in my tax forms. Partially because I knew that it wouldn't take me five generations to finish them."
,Recommended,237890,9001840,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ウォン うう〜☆💖,"Such a lewd and delicious game to play, i make's me so horny that i masturbated myself even more often.♥♥"
,Recommended,237890,27735567,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NiceDancing,"This game is not for everyone, but since I like RPGs I felt like I had to try it.- Story is good (a little repetitive after a while to be honest, but good nonetheless)- Characters are pretty original so I liked that too- The battling system gets some time to get accostumed to but it's not bad at all.- The crafting system is ok (I like to craft items and things so I'd say I really liked it, but objectively is just ok for me)Overall this game is a 7/10 for me. If you like turn-based JRPGs, you will probably like this one."
,Recommended,237890,27079743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(Woc_Krehlmar,"The combat is frustrating at times, but the writing is actually ♥♥♥♥ing stellar and I'm not even joking. Apart from the usual tropes and cringes you get from classic manga-archetypes there's actually character development, actual explanation to why characters behave as they do etc.There are tons of games where you have to play a protagonist you dislike, who's actions you don't agree with or whom you downright hate. This game has this, BUT in the end you always end up respecting them, liking them, or at the very least understanding them and not blaming them for it. That's an achievement I haven't experienced since Baldurs Gate times."
,Recommended,237890,8614578,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[LR] Frosty_022,"Great gameIt's a long game and I am yet to see more than what must be a fraction of the game but it is well worth it. It is a game that bears some resemblance to Final FantasyThe strategic combat and linking system allow you to experiment with tactics making combat an ever changing experience combined with the well written stroy line this makes for a game that will keep your interest.It also provides a feature uncommon in games in that it allows you to combine attacks to create bigger, better, more powerful and more flashy attacks which often devestate enemiesThere are a few things that detract from the game such as the lack of English dialogue and that without the DLC you are hugely UP but with the DLC you become hugely OP7.5/10"
,Recommended,237890,8587631,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Stiches,I find myself fighting waves and waves of overpowered enemies just so I can get the satisfaction of banging the fox chick
,Recommended,237890,7301883,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Clod Stiff,"fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnn... so fun tactical rpg at its best. although it does have its faults. as the name implies you're adbenture spans multiple gens. just how does this work you might ask well you run into characters and you preceed to well how can i put this without sounding dumb.. uhhhh... well cant figure out how so i'll be blunt. you react to situations with thought bubbles provided and try to make the chicks happy and depending on how well you do your next gen character will have specific abilities weapons ect., sooo yeahh uhh buy it"
,Recommended,237890,9250881,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,<Woof> Nekros (^),Good game if you like Final Fantasy Tactics and have dabbled and enjoyed various visual novels like Fate/Stay Night.
,Recommended,237890,9600736,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Xiandrian,"omg took me like 20 hours to finish the first generation, and I LOVE IT.. if you're into light novels and turn to turn base games then I recommend this :3 it has a nice story ;D and you can pick the girl you want to date ~ it's like 5 games in 1 ( generations ) so yah, it's a  harem yo (= w=)b"
,Recommended,237890,9677559,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,cn=Flow,"Not as good as Fire EmblemI might play it someday, the Artwork and Story seems to be quite good.But the Battlesystem is not the best part of the game.Make Sure that you will like the Battlesystem before buying that game, and dont expect Fire Emblem like i did"
76561198067253339,Recommended,237890,9681765,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,☣Unlivingsea☣,This game is excellent. The way you can sync your attacks between party members and create special attacks is brilliant. I love this game and it is well worth the time. A very thought out and designed RPG with an interesting story behind it. The characters are all special in their own way and you get to like them a lot.
,Recommended,237890,10342022,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Beast,"In this time and age when big-corp videogame developers try to shove the ""next-gen"" hype down our throats and constantly dissapoint us with their ""triple A"" titles, it is nice to find a game that doesn't promise much, but delievers. I feel Agarest is one of such games: I bought it expecting a strategy game with adorable anime characters and lots of storytelling, and I got just that.Sure, Agarest has its problems, so be warned. 1. The combat doesn't evolve, for the most part. Once you've found a strategy that works, you can just stick with it on regular fights, which eventually becomes monotonous. It does compensate a bit with ""Surprise Fight""s, in which the formations get randomly scrambled and you need a little creativity to push through.2. There is a lot of collectibles with very especific requirements. If you're a completionist, like me, it can be rather frustrating. However, it is said that you can get everything on one playthrough and there are ""true path"" guides available online to tell you how.These points might not seem like a lot, but trust me, they have caused me no small bit of frustration. But even so, I cannot get angry at Agarest. It's entertaining, simple, and tells a nice story; enough for me."
,Recommended,237890,10181992,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Morelzi,Great game
,Recommended,237890,10194930,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,zxyroy,DLC已经超越了修改器了。。。。。
76561198023978754,Recommended,237890,10682489,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LemonLord,"This game is preety cool, I thought I would not like the whole Tatical RPG but nevertheless IT'S ANIME!"
,Recommended,237890,10687638,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TUSDarryl,"Agarest: Generations of War...what can I say about this game here...IT'S LONG. Like really really long! So long it can start to feel repetitive. Oh wait, did you take that negatively? Haha, sorry, it's not a bad thing. It's just me nitpicking.AGoW is a really fun RPG with a cool storyline and lots of fun characters. This game even sneaks in (okay it's pretty in your face) dating sim elements. They're used when you pick one of your female companions (well are quizzed by them) to bear your child for the next generation. It's a very interesting mechanic for this kind of game.So,Pros:-Overall Fun Game-Enjoyable Characters (although dialogue can feel a little cheesy or generic at times, it's forgivable)-Boss Battles, while like your typical battle, are still fun.Cons:-Soundtrack can get repetitive-The game is pretty lengthy (just for me at least, ignore this if you don't think it'll be a problem)-The repetitive setup for each journey to the next plot-point (cutscene, dialogue, run through map killing enemies, repeat (with the occasional Quest Areas that can be a little tedious as they do NOT hold your hand...but that's a good thing in its own right.)Overall Rating For Agarest: Generations of War:8/10Would've given it a 7.5/10, but I'm biased since I am an RPG fan.Have fun!"
76561198068567006,Recommended,237890,10355445,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,LONESAMURAI,good game
,Recommended,237890,10564775,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DanAndSomething,I used to have this game on my ps3 but I loved it so I bought it again but the game has it's flaws if you dont like a sometimes slow story or level grinding this is not for you but people that like grinding for gear and levels this reading the story as it can long between fights as the story gets going but it is worth it and as a bonus animes girls with part visual novel
76561198033390682,Recommended,237890,10611705,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The_Doctor,i personaliy think this is a decent game for old school rpg fans if u like ff tactics this is the game for you.
,Recommended,237890,10187946,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Pattizia,Anime-like + Visual Novel + Strategy Game = Why not?
,Recommended,237890,7917262,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Tsunday.Phantasmagoria,"Do I recommend this game? Yes... and no.Let us start off with one thing. If you expect anything like Final Fantasy, Tales series, Shin Megami Tensei or Fire Emblem then you're on the wrong track. Agarest is a SRPG, where the S stands for Strategic. Just as the name suggests, the game focus heavily on strategic combat more than blazing action and flashy animation (albeit Agarest do have it fair share of them). Also, it's not like Disgaea even though they're both SRPGn. This is way more hardcore. But then, is that a bad thing?Agarest stays true to the RPG franchise with a very generic storyline. Just like in many RPGs, we fight monsters, encounter new comrades (though in my opinion, you get too many of them), travel the world, fight more monsters, save the world and fight even more monsters. In the RPG department, it's very generic but still solid. We have armor-/weaponsmithing aswell as as herbal alchemy and accessories. Specific stats can be distributed on party members by leveling up furthering increasing their strenght in certain departments. One thing to note though is that abilities are not set by character, but instead crafted or obtained. This unlocks the possibility of having several multi-functional characters, such as a healing frontline warrior and a buffstation shooter. Experiment away!I did mention that this game is for the more hardcore players, but what did I mean? If you expect to get through this game and get an enjoyable experience out of it by blazing through it on easy then you are better off saving your money. This is a game which is meant to be a challenge and therefore played on harder difficulties which is also an requirement in order to unlock the true ending of this game. Also, equipments, character levels and such does not carry over to a New Game+ unless you play on harder difficulties. This game is not meant to be blazed through or a cakewalk. It's a slow-paced, tedious grindfest which ultimately becomes repetitive because of forced events and battle stages aswell as random encounters in certain areas. Even if you're prepared to spend at least a total of +80 hours on it, the game becomes repetitive and sloppy after awhile.It is said that you're able to affect the character and the story by the ""Generation"" system, which basically lets you choose a wife out of three differenct candidates. This is a interesting and a good feature which I'd gladly see more of. However, the interaction is very stiff and linear. You're not changing the story by the different choices, you're just shaping it slightly. That said though, the choices you make affects the affection of the ladies you can choose as future wife, and this will affect the outcome of your child. The stats on your next generation will alter depending on the level of affection you have.I'll give a breif summary of the battle. It's good. But repetitive. Really repetitive. But that is what defines an SRPG. Don't be fooled though, battles can be very intense. I often found my supportive or less durable characters to get one-shot, or one-combo'd in even normal battles on harder difficulty. Bosses often have strong area-of-effect skills with a huge radius which makes positioning a key factor. You will often find yourself resurrecting your party members if you're not careful. Battle is an experience, and a harsh one.As a conclusion, it's a basic RPG with a good ""new"" feature which makes it stand out somewhat aswell as a lot of skill customization. Repetitive and tedious pace, but somewhat enjoyable battle system. Can be hard as hell, or just plain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at times. Very linear storytelling, we are not given a lot of exploring or ""free will"". Good gallery with both the Custom Graphics aswell as backstories to almost every character. Unless you're prepared to spend a good +80 hours on it, don't buy because to get the full experience from a SRPG one needs to play on a challenging level of difficulty. And this is a hardcore SRPG. If you want a GOOD SRPG though, I'd recommend Growlanser.Oh yeah, don't buy DLC. They will help you in the early run, but unless you move forward by your own skill in combat you will never get anywhere past episode 4 on hard difficulty. It's a waste of money.5½/10"
,Recommended,237890,7310416,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Derpson,"Gameplay is pretty similar to Final Fantasy Tactics (which is great) in almost all aspects and is really enjoyable. But the story is lacking to say the least. I honestly can't remember a game which could compete in dialog cheesiness with this game. Also cliches, cliches everywhere."
,Recommended,237890,9241386,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mezili,"This game is like a visual novel, with turn-based battles, focused on politics, war, and romance. Once you've found the best combination of team mates and formation, it's hard to lose, but moving characters around can become tedious. If you turn the auto-battle AI on, be sure to equip it with a helmet, and be prepared to run back to town before every major event to resurrect 9/10 of your party members. There's a lot of text, which mostly consists of people in power talking about where to send their soldiers next, but sometimes the females you can woo will ask you questions whilst traveling. Occasionally, if you think you've made the ""right"" (or ""wrong"") choice the gauge will go the other way, which is a tad annoying if you're an ""all-or-nothing"" type of person.Bottom line -- play this game for two hours at a time at most. I initially played this game for two days straight, but now even thinking of opening it mirrors the feeling one gets after watching a porn video.Buy this if you enjoy: anime, strategy, and reloading a game until your choices make your favorite girl fall head over heels for you."
76561197969749884,Recommended,237890,25035926,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sarkoth,Pretty good JRPG with a not yet optimal combat mechanic which had to improve through several titles. Still worth a look.
76561198133890037,Recommended,237890,12009430,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,☆Naga☆,Best Game. Almost like Fire Emblem!~~~ <3 Must Buy!!!! <3
76561198080756730,Recommended,237890,9076477,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Asuka Langley,Love it !  Wait Agarest Zero and Agarest 2
76561198067801294,Recommended,237890,33107266,Posted: 1 July,all,Tupiks,"the game is good in its own sense, if you got lots of time to waste (and i mean LOTS) this is good game as you realy just have to follow the dots on map to get story going, with exception of ""dungeons"" there is realy no trouble finding the path that you need to take, usualy there is no need to farm xp except on hard difficulty which can be done easly in one of dungeons to keep the turn counter low for specific ending. i had this game on phone when it was on offer there and it came without any bonus dlc you get here and i can say this, it was bloody hard and i still have not finished it (mostly because my phone was replaced) but i would again play for 6 months on the bus during my transit to attempt and find out if the ending is worth it"
76561198077410036,Recommended,237890,15042174,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Orpheus Joshua™,"Agarest Generations of War is a game that not many would find enjoyable at first. It's a fun but repetitive Strategy RPG that requires grinding depending on your choice of diffiiculty. It's extremely long and is divided up into 5 generations. Each generation focuses on a new protagonist and ends with you choosing a heroine to mate with, which influences your next character's stats. There are a lot of optional events with some amounts of ecchi. Overall, if you want a game to spend a lot of time in then this is it. But if you think you'll find yourself tired of repetitive gameplay quickly then find an RPG that doesn't require that much grinding like Legend of Heroes:Trails in the Sky."
76561198049621514,Recommended,237890,9625084,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,✪ Gore-illa Games ✪,"One of the best games i have ever played. The combat is well thought and the story, equally gripping. 10/10"
,Recommended,237890,7742883,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tyriel,"Very epic game, a must-have for everyone that enjoys JRPGs! It does have it all: tactical, turn-based fights; complex character development; ability to catch, train and breed monsters; equipment crafting and so on."
,Recommended,237890,23558438,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sovi The Bear,"A good turn-base game. If you are playing for the first time and you bought the complete pack, a word of advice is to not use DLC at all. Once you use it the attraction is gone because everything is easy, even so far as giving you a one shot sword.The animation is really well done. Visual, voice everything is perfect. Don't let my hour record fool you, i mostly play offline. This game will suck alot of your free time sometimes non-free time, be careful when you decide to start playing it.9.5/10 Really good game."
,Recommended,237890,12234221,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jeanne d'Arc,"Fyuria, my first waifuCan't stop loving Fyuria10/10 best waifu ever"
76561197991657927,Recommended,237890,7313509,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,MrMuse,"A great game with Final Fantasy style combat but more centred on positioning. Okay the graphics are bad and the audio is Japanese only but the storyline is great...the combat and the crafting are rewarding and the ""generations"" idea is pure genius. There's a lot of game here to get your teeth into as long as you keep the silly auto combat feature turned off. 85%"
,Recommended,237890,7990120,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,what the nani the fuck,This game makes me so ♥♥♥♥ing horny.
,Recommended,237890,8641428,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,jjjakey,A great grid based BOOBS strategy RPG. It's just too much BOOBS of a shame that the game's BOOBS marketing department felt so inclined to BOOBS go out of their way to promote the game as BOOBS nothing more than BOOBS shameless sex appeal. It's like BOOBS if you had a decently fine put BOOBS together review and sprinkled BOOBS the word 'boobs' everywhere in it.
,Recommended,237890,7756182,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BradXYZ,"An unbelieveable amount of depth in the story, an unbelieveable amount of depth to the battle system, AND an unblieveable challenge. This has instantly became one of my favourite games of all-time, despite the stuttery main menu audio (the game MORE than makes up for its lazy bug-fixing crew).If it's your first time playing the game, the entire system may seem new - especially (for me) the un-intuitive crafting system. But with the help of the wiki and one short afternoon later, all my doubts were erased and replaced with respect for its ingeniusness.Lastly, do not buy any of the DLC - its not even close to worth it. If you can get it for free from a sale (like me) then go for it.~Brad"
76561198048009911,Not Recommended,237890,24548081,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,k|Aquila Mars,"Great music, nice art, nice looking characters. If it was a visual novel, I'd read it happily.As a game though? It is quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Combat is as repetitive as it gets. Oh any you'll get stuck eventually too."
76561198010068481,Recommended,237890,10775923,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,El_Diablo,not a bad game if you like JRPG. Wish it was a little easier to understand how to unlock the mosaics
,Recommended,237890,8982614,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Saint Killjoy,"Nice little Strategy JRPG.  It's an IOS game, so unless you're okay with playing it ported to PC, then you may want to pick it up for  your tablet.  However, that being said, it's a great port, so if you've been purchasing IOS games already on your PC, no reason to stop on this title, if you've  never bought an IOS game for PC, then this would be a good title to test those waters out.Now that being said, it's got good voice acting, anime level quality, but it's not in English, the Subtitles are in English, so bear that in mind, if hearing a different language as your reading text bothers you, then you may want to turn the voice off.This game is very Final Fantasy Tacticsish in spirit, but a little more complicated, not much more, just a tad more.  Anyone familiar with Final Fantasy Tactics will be able to sit and pick it up a lot easier than someone whose never played that, or any Tactic style game for that matter.Luckily, any action can be canceled w/ the RMB, unless you confirm the turn w/ Yes, then you got to live with your decision, also before you confirm, you can redo any action that you would like to try a different way.  So for a Tactics style game, it is fairly forgiving.The art is done well, and again being a JRPG, it's in that Anime Eastern Style, so if you're not into that art style, then you may want to think long and hard before picking this title up.Overall, I think this game falls in a very niche category, but I think for what it is, it's a great game, and has great potential, if you pick it up on sale!IGNORE THE DLC!!!  All DLC can be found in game, or unlocked after beating the game, so don't be scared off by the DLC, and do not purchase the DLC, again, this title is an IOS game, so the DLC is the store purchases from the IOS platform, so just keep that in mind.  The DLC is not something you have to get, unless you would rather spend money out of your wallet to get an item then grind for it.3/5 Stars"
76561198046825119,Recommended,237890,8260848,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chrrono,"Standard turn based rpg with a hint of fan service. It can get a bit repetitive, but the storyline is interesting enough that it'll keep you going. If your a fan of turn based rpgs you might enjoy this one. My score: 6.9/10"
,Recommended,237890,10180308,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Vokun Drog Arcos Xerocite,"Its a very fun game, you might get tired of all the fights eventually, but if you play on easy, you can just set the fights to auto and watch the mayhem!It spans 5 generations, each one having 3 lovely ladies to choose from as your bride.It can be rather satisfying winning the affection of the girl you choose to shoot for. There's not muh else I can say really, the story is decent and enjoyable.I give it 6/10 because I found it more enjoyable to play on easy and set fights to auto."
,Recommended,237890,12605103,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"7.75/10I am a hardcore Final Fantasy Tactics fan. As such, I have searched over and over for a game of the same genre and style that can live up to it's hype. Due to this bias, games like it are harder than normal for me to review. Agarest: G of W is not a game on par, but it is undoubtedly an exceptionally well done and well thought out turn based tactics game. I admit, I did feel the story is both a strong and weak point, but the first campaign alone was beautiful. Worth a grab if you can get it for 20 or under."
76561198046060005,Not Recommended,237890,15159520,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Odd,"1.Repetetive as *******2.And even though it's supposed to be a strategy rpg there's hardly any strategy in it. The most strategic          thing about it is reading a walktrough on how to get the ""True ending"".3.The story is nothing special and the characters are mainstream anime ones.there are a few good points like the crafting system but they are so few it's barely worth mentioning.If you are looking for a good srpg I would strongly suggest you overlook this one. Unless you are so starved for something similar to an srpg that anything goes."
,Recommended,237890,12594851,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,✪ Splashy @Road to KMS,"As a huge fan of Strategy J-RPG's in general, I can only recommend this game to anyone, even people who have never played something similar before.The intro is easy to understand and spot on, the fighting system is something refreshing (in account to the ""combo-attacks"").The story is acceptable, nothing too fancy.What I really like about this game is that they designed parts of the game like visual novels. You have discussions with your team membres from time to time where you can answer accordingly. Also, your wive(s) in the game can be chosen like that. But you will have to see that for yourself.i giv dis gaem a 8 outta 5."
,Recommended,237890,14077597,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ImALittleBear,"Watching the previews for this game, I decided to purchase it looking for a good JRPG time, but it seems I've misjudged this game as there is lots of reading and battling and I often found myself taking lots of breaks and then resuming the game. I'm still playing the game but it seems rather slow. Not like Trails in the Sky or Ys, or other JRPG games I've played. I'd say this game is reserved for weekends where there is absolutely nothing to do as opposed to a weekday game."
76561198027263797,Not Recommended,237890,8038715,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pedro Behr,"Three things define this game:Auto battleWife ChoosingConfusing amounts of DLCThis while ignoring the capture ability at early levels is pretty ludicrous ( < 5% hp), a grid tactics style layout that utilizes near 0 of the terrain, and slightly uninspired characters."
76561197996481273,Recommended,237890,8980968,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Dark Queen,Love the game. Don't get the DLC it will break the game.
,Recommended,237890,9076625,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Lilieweiß,"10/10 : FANBOY MODE ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!The first thing i got to say is. Do not be fooled! The sexual appeal and in your face collector's edition is merely marketing tools for simple-minded Americans, but not me. The game actually has very little to do with sex, dating, vulgarity, nudity, etc....the only reason there is even a male, female relationship talked about in the ""hype"" and reviews (which I've now read, after purchasing and playing the game) is simply to establish a game play technique, that is employed to allow the story and characters to live for FIVE generations in the game. So you are forming friendships, with the female characters you meet to ""mate"" and give birth to the next generation hero, You and your partner determines the qualities of your child, based on your alignment and stats! The story is standard by the nature of being an old-school RPG, that is to say, by now, almost every game feels like someone had the idea already, at least when it comes to RPG stories. This story however, sets itself apart, by spanning the five generations, so no one character gets boring or stale. In fact, there is a feature to resurrect fallen ancestors from previous generations through the help of an alchemy merchant later into the game. If you've played other RPG games, then there should really be nothing new to you here, in terms of traversing the world map, ""menu-based"" towns (no walking around, just menus of the shops to visit), and doing the pre-fight party prepping.Combat! At the movement phase, all characters move singularly, but all in the same ""turn"" After you decide where you want them (there is a range to consider of course) and which direction to face, you and the enemy units all move together to their new spaces. It's like giving orders to any army, then on your command, they go. Fighting is done on a turn by turn basis though, with an on-screen display of the attack order, enemies included.Here's the fun part! All the characters have different points on the grid around them, that if a teammate is standing on one of those spaces (which are highlighted and color coordinated) they can perform skills chains or combos, granted they both or all have enough AP to do something. Most grid spaces for a teammate to stand for a front-line fighter, have their ""team spaces"" behind or next to them. Where the support players in back usually have their ""team spaces"" in front or next to them, makes sense If you do not want to use a character in your current combo, even though they are in the combo chain list, and waste the AP they might need to attack or heal a different target. Everyone has a range to their skills, but this might be the most interesting part of the combat, and something I do not believe many reviewers grasped, is that if one character cannot reach an enemy, you can ""stand-by"" on their turn, and use a character that they are ""linked"" to (by standing on the above mention spaces on the grid), then they can reach the enemy, or even a friend for healing purposes, and allow the member that is too far away, to jump into the fight, or to heal someone they were originally too far from when it was their turn. Be cautious when jumping all over the battlefield though!This is where Idea Factory shines! The underlying strategy is tremendous! If you jump around to help a friend in a tougher fight, but have a combo planned for your next character, jumping to help a friend might break the ""chain"" or combo for the next person. NOT all members are connected in these chains, There is enough strategy in just the chain and AP system to not even care about the other things. There is also depth in elemental strengths and weaknesses, what side you are attacking, or being attacked from as well. Just turning your character to attack during his turn will change the location of his ""team spaces"" too, which would possible break a planned chain! Do not be intimidated at all, They introduce things simply enough.There is so much more that i do not want to get into here, Alchemy, Blacksmith, Monster guild, First-aid shop, Fortune teller (to get a glimpse of what your child might be like) and so much more involving the weapons, armor, and items! Just too much to get in to! These reasons are why these games or this one specifically are ""next-gen""...they are so deep and long! I end with this! I love Idea Factory and this game as well! Do not be thrown off by childish appearance, or gimmicky sexuality on the packing or hype. If you like a deep RPG, then this is definitely for you. The story is actual very deep, adult oriented (meaning; it's not power rangers lol) and spans generations. I love knowing the decisions I made affect how the girls I meet look at me, and in the end, one of those girls (chosen by which likes you the most) gives birth to the next hero! Totally awesome!!!"
,Recommended,237890,9369642,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,FluffyDeath,This game is very simple it's more or less a fantasy romance graphic novel with a JRPG wrapped in with it. Not to say this is a bad thing but could be an issue for some. I will also say if you want more challenge in the game I highly suggest not getting any DLC packs as this will make any combat situation seem like childs play.
76561198124042287,Recommended,237890,9556173,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Knight Captain Otaku,Very fun for me so far!
,Recommended,237890,9580820,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Think of it as a middling visual novel (non eroge), and with the least good SRPG I've played smashed into it. Kinda like that Divinity dragon commander thing recently which was basically the same thing but with RTS gameplay. . . .I personally like this better, the gameplay isn't as out-right BAD as dragon commander's was, and the story is more interesting to me, tho I can't honestly call it better (in fact, pretty sure it's worse).All in all, if you are willing to put the time in, you could really do a lot worse.Play it without cheating, on hard mode (that means no dlc packs) and see how much fun you can squeeze out of the combat, or just give up on enjoying that clunky, slow, needlessly small-mapped and simple mess and take the dlc (tho cheatengine can give you the same ****, just as early, for free, because it's already in the damn game) and steamroll thro every battle to get to the next darn bit of story.Either way really.Worth the price of admittion.And, I've only finished gen 1 thus far. I'll assume the post-game dungeon is pretty cool and that I'll have some extra fun there for now, and just edit this if that doesn't prove to be true. So if my hours played are above 40, then that'll let you know :P."
,Recommended,237890,7325700,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Zihamiya,"Wow, very addictive gameplay and fun too.I recommend it!"
76561198050584051,Recommended,237890,28493110,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,danawaar,"I bought bundle version with all DLC's included and franky said - no fun at all!!!I recommend to disable all DLC's and turn on the hard mode - this is were the fun starts!I'm already playing 8,5 hours and just recieved my fifth character!I really enjoy the game - it has much to offer for all RPG fans:1. Character leveling2. Smithing3. Data book with lots of ? marks to be filled in during the game4. Stages map5. real hard difficultyFor me - quite a piece of art for many hours of gameplay, especially on hard level."
,Recommended,237890,8824477,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"I am a hardcore fan of this game. Played games like these during my childhood and frankly helped me rekindle old times. I originally played this on the Xbox 360 and Ps3 console versions before switching over here. I always loved how we get the choices in every dating sim and the heroines. The choices we have and the usual fun we have with the service in it. What I loved about this game was the endings and the choices for the kids. This game reminded me when I first picked it up a little bit on par to some of Star Ocean, Growlanser, Ar Tonelico, and many other RPGs I've played that included an ending and possible romance route. What I enjoyed quite greatly was the fact that we have in here the grid system in which has been used before like in disgaea. Obviously the link system was a nice mix when combining moves. I remember spending hours rushing through the other areas and taking one route to see all different approaches to it and multiple saves. What I truly enjoyed this game was as usual the new game+ mode where it transfers over. Having the ability to capture monsters with merciful strike also helped and fusing them. Ah I cannot wait to see more from this series. I love it when they make quite the grand appeal. I obviously love many things but wiith great enthusiasm and experience from both consoles LIMITED Edition as well as the ones after this one, that it is worth the buy. You gotta put some time into it but the fact you have auto battle helps it out but don't forget you still gotta click over it's not like a speed through for those who usually think I will just have them auto level. The weapons you make and accessories have extra moves and the fact that you can use some of those moves to help your character with it's abilities although it is tedious like using a fire element skill multiple times just to upgrade one state. However I must state that as usual for the fun and love of Winfield! HOT SPRINGS/Onsen! A must for any generation.Truly this game really etches in a great memory for me."
76561198038107634,Recommended,237890,7416702,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Vø§§Ķ,"If you like anime and RPG strategy games, then this is a great buy. However, stay away from the dlc as it makes the game far to easy."
,Recommended,237890,7370034,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Max 맥스,Disgaea gameplay with a light splash of dating sim mechanics.8/10 would probably soul breed.
,Not Recommended,237890,11676357,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Daex,"Only for the die-hard JRPG fans.The game fails to deliver in my opinion, due to extremely repetitive nature. Even after getting past mundane and numerous battles, the story doesn't shine and player interaction even less. The dialogues are mostly ""click-through"" with occasional ""choices"" which don't seem to matter all that much.Additionally, DLCs bring extremely good weapons at the beginning of the game which messes up the item progression but I suppose if you really wanted, you could opt out of using them."
,Recommended,237890,8998975,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Amarante,nice game :3
,Recommended,237890,9037223,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DIGITALBREAKOUT,"I really enjoyed Agarest. I have never played a RPG like Agarest, and for me it turned out pretty good! I like the characters a lot, mainly because they look like characters from an anime. They are well built characters and have plenty of work put into them.I love the combat system! The story is good, and the game over all is fun! Its got characters that you will like and ones you won't, and during a generation, you have to choose one of three girls, to start your second generation with, depending on who you choose, and the skills you put on them, will make your son strong or weak. I highly recommend this game and if your a fan of JRPG's or RPG's in general, you will really like this game. One more thing, don't base this game on its Metascore, the people at Metacritic don't know how good this game really is!"
76561198086667333,Recommended,237890,7825470,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Leo,"I Love playing this game, it has so many features. As a gamer who enjoys tactical, rpg, startegy games i have had so much fun playing it. Anyone who is a friend of tactical games, should try it. I would say it was worth the money.Edit - Also, if you are an casual gamer, you will get to play it for many many hours. Also the difficulty settings can make it interesting/harder. So it is a game from casual gamers to hardcore gamers, who enjoy a beating. If you are an hardcore gamer and have DLC-s (gold and weapons (OP)) bought, you have to choice to disable them for your game and can enable them later if you want to start a new game to make things easy for you."
76561197977974010,Recommended,237890,8985152,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Kroot,"This is a true JRPG.  That said, it seems to be HUGE, and will eat up a lot of your time if you try to play through it.  I'm guessing it might have multiple endings as well.  If you can stomach it, I'm sure you'll get your money's worth out of playing it.  However... I got a bit bored with it and even after putting hours into it the story was still very slow going.  Not sure I can recommend it."
76561197996738656,Recommended,237890,9499478,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mythophile,"Not a bad game, but kinda slow and repetative. The concept is great: playing several heroes over several generations. If you like JRPGs you'll probably like this game. That said, there isn't much there for people who don't like JRPGs."
,Recommended,237890,9776023,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Schwingschleifer,"This Game is really great in my opinion. I have to be honest though... the gameplay is kind of boring after a while, but the fights get harder and harder so the monotone gameplay never bores you that much... at the moment i am in 5th and last generation and played 106 hours.But what i think is really awesome about this game is that because of the Dark and Light Gauge there are 3 possible endings(if i got that right) so when i play through this i will certainly have more than 120hours and still have to play this 2 times more to get every ending.The Story is very interesting. It may not be many who will see it like this but i like the Idea."
76561198026422137,Recommended,237890,9784083,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,shadowforger11,"Agarest: Generations of War is both frustrating and fun. The battles are all usually the same except for occasional variety, the story line (Dialogue I meant) is pathetic, the relationship gauge is entirely stupid, but the combat itself (if you get used to repetition) is quite entertaining. It encourages strategic thinking and placement and if you make a mistake, its repricussions are usually dire. I have not played this game on easy or normal mode, just skipped those and went straight to hard mode because man mode. The DLC weapons and items are 100% a waste of money unless one wants to breeze through the whole game, and using only silver weapons for a good amout of Generation ONE is so frustratingly challenging(Silver Sword trick gives lots of them :|). If you want a challenge and do not mind the same format of battle for over 1000 little skirmishes (by the way 1000 is probably not even close to how many of these there are. More I'd guess) while constantly having the enemy get stronger and stronger then this game is definitely for you.NOTE: THE DAMN EVENTS ARE A HUGE PAIN. SAVE OFTEN ON HARD.  DERP.NOTE 2: Ahem I have no idea why I am putting a second note.NOTE 3: WHALE GOES BOOP!"
,Recommended,237890,10994493,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NarutoNemo,"Not what i expected, but wow... this games is awesome. bit like eroge... not that i know what that is.."
,Recommended,237890,7314219,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,gdsoccer11,"If you like FF tactics style combat it's pretty good. Side note: all the voice acting is in Japanese, the text is all english."
,Recommended,237890,7508355,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,[Heroine],"if you like J-RPG, I recommend this game to You :D But it's too repetitive :|"
76561198047701318,Recommended,237890,7598516,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Buster,"Although it's not the most innovative game out there, it's solidly designed, has a good story, interesting characters, and a functional (if repetitive) battle system. If you like games like Disgaea and Final Fantasy Tactics, you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,237890,7698524,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,{5LINE}Cows with Guns,"Traditional J-RPG is not for everyone.The genre is targeted towards players who would (and could) spend around 300 hours in it (most of it simply ... grinding).Luckily, the otakus have provided a wiki so you won't be raging through the process of grinding for the wrong items... or unlocking the gallery (Google/Bing it).That said, I took some shortcuts around in this game with the DLCs. From those items in the DLCs, your gameplay will be easy mode until chapter 3... Then the grinding begins.The 2D art is fine, although I dislike the pixelated models (High-res mod anyone?) on my 21inch monitor.As for the story... the story is a typical fantasy setup with elves, orcs, multiple gods, the characters roles in them, etc. Nothing too unique, but with Anime twist.6/10 Passable, Not worth the full price.You can get it if it is on sale AND you have tons of free time on your hand."
,Recommended,237890,7763569,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Iza,"Great game, the DLC'S help a lot if you get stuck early on and the story is great."
,Recommended,237890,7770903,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zelgadis85,"Long review incoming. If you just want to see my score and pros / cons of this game, skip to the end.Agarest: Generations of War is a tactical JRPG (Japanese Role Playing Game). Being a JRPG, you should be prepared for severe grinding at times, especially if playing in highest difficulty level. The free DLC that come with the game can ease up the beginning, but the gear won't last through the whole game and there is little you can do about it but grind for levels and better gear. On the third generation, things start getting tougher. Having ignored some of the game mechanics during the first two generations, depending on my superior equipment and characters who continue with you between generations, I was stuttered when I was thrown in a game-over-hell nearing the end of third generation.The story begins when a young man, Leonhardt, leads a small unit to conquer more land for his king. Leonhardt wonders if he is doing the right thing and betrays his king when he saves a young elf girl from his own men. A dark knight arrives, mortally wounding Leonhardt, but not finishing him off. Before he passes away, Leonhardt is visited by a mysterious woman who saves his life and grants him the power to fight against the darkness, but at a price: he must eventually sacrifice himself as a ""Spirit Vessel"" to seal the great pillar in the land, and his descendants are destined to the same fate.Which brings me to the next point: generations. Each generation consists of a single continent with multiple dungeons and goals to accomplish. During your journeys, you will meet several women who are destined to end up as your soul mates. By initiating events on the world map, the affections of these women towards your hero will change. At the end of each generation, you will be able to marry one of the girls you meet, but only if she cares much about you.Since you are required to sacrifice yourself in order to seal the pillar at the end, your hero won't continue to the next generation. Each generation follows the same principle: You will have a boy, your hero and all wife candidates sacrifice themselves and the rest of the party travels to the next continent. The next generation starts as your child approaches adulthood. At first I was put off by the fact you lose your hero and his wives, but I found out that having a certain item you can resurrect these characters at their exact same state they were sacrificed.If I had to nitpick, I'd say Agarest is a game where tutorials and documentation could have been done much better. The concept of linked attacks and extended areas is not properly explained, as are not many storywise elements. But the most annoying thing is that in order to lock certain events, or the post-game areas, you will need a guide. If you plan on tackling the post-game area, you must be neutral at certain points. You can also miss events if you take too many turns before reaching them. Although the post-game is primarily used to level up characters and obtaining the best equipments for New Game+, it also explains some of the most crucial story background elements.Now, for the TL;DR section, I'll list the pros and cons.+ One of the few (if not the only one) JRPG on Steam, so you don't have much choice here if you like the genre.+ Japanese voiceovers (most of us consider this a plus)+ A long story, even when taking out the tedious battling.+ A good soundtrack.+ Those titles in the Adventurer's Guild keep you occupied for quite some time.+ Multiple wives in each generation, customizing the hero of the next generation. The possibility to marry any (unmarried) girl in the final generation is a big plus.- Graphics are outdated and look like games on PS1 or PS2.- Controls are not really user-friendly if using keyboard / mouse.- A repetive soundtrack.- Repetive slow battles, unless you play in windowed mode and have edited the Agarest.ini file.- Excessive level grinding, especially post-game.- Need to use guide to reach mentioned post-game.My score for the game is something between 85 / 100 and 90 / 100. It's not perfect, but it's not that bad either."
,Recommended,237890,7773775,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Smokkyownz,"Very Nippon Ichi feel to it, game plays like any other turn-based grid combat game, but with new enhancments. So for you Disgaea and FFT lovers, this is a steal!"
76561198062099874,Recommended,237890,7774728,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jadomonkey,"Agarest is a deep game that I enjoy quite a bit, but Ijust don't have much time and energy to play it that often. See, it requires a major commitment that I don't think all JRPG or SRPG fans are willing to get into; if you aren't into both those genres, you will not like this game. Though every battle clips by much quicker than a full on SRPG, they can still get to be a drag and the game's deeper bonuses rely pretty heavily on grinding. Even focusing on just the main plot, you're often faced with linear chains of one battle after another that really wear thin.Still, that extra management and grind does pay off in customization and discovery if you're willing to pursue it and the battle system is really meaty if you're willing to adjust your playstyle a bit. It's also possible to push through the main game on easy or even normal with a minimum of catch-up grind if you catch on to what you're doing early on. The DLCs are a little unbalancing though. You can choose to turn them off at the start of a game and I suggest you do so for item packs and use bonus points as necessary."
,Recommended,237890,7802914,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Strawberry Shoggoth,"Fun tactical com bat JRPG.The tactical combat gives the game a nice extra dimension.Decent story, nothing spectacular so far (finished first generation) but abou what i would expect from a JRPG story.Somewhat dislike the DLC but since it's optional to activate it you can skip or activate whatever amount of boost you want for a oarticular playthrough."
76561198049855243,Recommended,237890,7812475,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Death3669,"I've only played a bit into it right now, and this game is pretty fun, the combat it the real core of the game, I've already spent a lot of time in it and It feels good though enjoying the combat will really depend on how you feel of turn based combat with a mix of rts strategy. It's similar to a fire emblem movement system, but more turnbased for actual attacks."
76561197970447700,Recommended,237890,7890819,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,oneclipleft,"Not sure how I feel about this one. On one hand, the combat is satisfying. On the other hand, though, the story is mediocre and fanservice abounds. If you can ignore odd character motivations and tons of skimpily-dressed warrior women, then there's some geniune tactical fun to be had. Otherwise, skip it."
,Recommended,237890,7902225,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ViciousLibertyWolf,This is a really good JRPG. It is probably not for everyone but the storyline is worth it in it self and the dialogue has definantly had me burst out laughing.
76561198063140604,Recommended,237890,7932262,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,xblade902,its a good game in general its simler to fire emblem plus disigea
76561198025384364,Recommended,237890,7947894,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,TwoIsMyIQ,"This is one of the few JRPG's that I have enjoyed in past years.  First lets start with the good:-Submersive storyline, additional story is added frequently enough to keep you interested.-Tactical combat, you actually have to think about each battle.-Humorous text echanges between characters.-Not too easy not too hard (and there are multiple difficulty settings).-Cool combinations of skills that make you want to try different tactics.Now lets talk about the bad:-You have to place your characters around the tiles EACH battle, and there are MANY battles, it may not seem like much, but it got really repetitive for me.-Game starts you off with extremely over-powered items that allows you to trail-blaze through the first two parts of the game.-Fighting the same monsters with new skins gets a little boring.-Each square you move on the Act I-V map has a new battle to be fought, and they start to last a very long time in the later acts, making it seem that you are getting nowhere.-Bosses dont scale very well in the game, some seem to be ridiculously difficult, while others are a pushover.With that being said, I would reccomend this game to my friends, but I would suggest playing the game on Easy so you can actually make it all the way through without getting bored.  I would reccomend Normal or hard only to players who want to have a challenge and are willing to go through the tedious battles."
,Recommended,237890,8129458,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Jimbo Stereo,"If you can get past (or even enjoy) the cringeworthy dialogue and harem aspects of this game, you'll find an enjoyable turn based stragtegy JRPG. There is a lot of depth to the combat, and pulling off multi-character combos can be satisfying. For combos character positioning is very important. Out of combat you'll find a lot to do including crafting/upgrading weapons and armor, changing out skills, learning new skills, and it goes on. However the game does get very repetitive, forcing you to complete the same exact battle multiple times before you can proceed to the next event/dungeon. The battle maps themselves are very bare, with no terrain to speak of, and they are rehashed way too often. The plot is nothing to write home about. Character interactions are forgettable at best, and cringeworthy at worst (Except maybe for Winfield, he has his moments.)A decent game that is definitely worth getting if on sale, and you can ignore the DLC (which is just a bunch of early game breaking set of items.) Just don't expect something that's on par with a game like Final Fantasy Tactics."
,Recommended,237890,8177370,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kon,"Fun RPG... although it gets very repetitive over time, as it lacks change through generations."
76561198022101713,Recommended,237890,8370402,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Angry Panda,fairly good game takes a bit to get used to combat works with a xbox configuration controller I like it. game is made for multiple play thoughs with different difficultly. combat is a mix between tactics and normal rpg. i would give it an 8.5
76561198109319792,Recommended,237890,8403439,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AgyrtElden,great game. only downside is i dont enjoy the overly expensive cost of the extra dlcs
,Recommended,237890,8412539,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Protos Ω,"Do not go in here expecting Final Fantasy Tactics, Disgaea or Luminous Arc. This is a completely different kind of game. The battle system is a lot more involved than you would expect.If you are willing to sit down and learn this game's mechanics, you will have a lot of fun."
,Recommended,237890,8423406,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Why so cereal?,"At first I think it's Galge tactics, the game worth 100hrs game play but alot of battle repetition.If you like turn base strategy don't miss it.7/10"
,Recommended,237890,8426841,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Telaros,"I find it hard to believe this was a PS3 title and not PS2. It's fairly simple compared to its 360 Record of Agarest Wars, but I wasn't expecting the gap in quality to be this big, at least in characterization.This really plays on all the stereotypes pretty hard. Though that is essentially the routine in these RRPGs and I LOVE Record of Agarest Wars dearly, but this game doesn't do much outside of the archtypes it picks for each character personality. For my it isn't a turn off so much, it sticks to the formula to a T. Well update as I unlock more characters.This game if going to be a hit or miss for many, though I highly recommend you pick it up for the price alone, the ability BREAK of combining two or more moves to create a uniqie ART ability that deals insane damage is a lot of fun, very Phantasy Star 4 only you don't need to organized your whole party to do these.Game is actually fun and all the actual relevant game content is included in the base game, despite the company's silly labeling of 95 dollars would of DLC that is nothing but for those too impatient to play the actual game. The 'Bonus' Dungeons 1-5 and such are offered FREE of charge with rest being items that can be unlocked through gameplay itself for the most part.If you like games like Makai Kingdom, Growlancer (god that game needs a steam release), and dating sims, this is a pretty good start. Maybe I should of said Final Fantasy Tactics and Disgaea for those less familiar with the first two I mentioned, but if you catch this game on a 50% of more sale, you might find it an interesting mix of genre of a game worth your time if you're willing.I paid full price for it and I have no regrets so far. It doesn't add to the archtypes, but it doesn't stray away from them either, characters are cute and generally likable. It's really hit or miss and I would only recommend this title to people who are into turned based JRPGs.Just please don't compare this one to Record of Agarest Wars, this title here is very generic but it is by no means a bad game because of it. I only hope Ghostlight will bring over Record of Agarest Wars to Steam as well, this series certainly is very underrated and even this title will grow on you as you play.I cannot stress this enough, do not expect grade A dialogue, the narratives are amazing, the story itself is good, but the characters are generic, if not for the very talented and pleasing to listen to VAs who took a bland script and added much life into these cookie cutter personalities.Gameplay 6.5/10Difficulty Balance 10/10 Does not affect the story, so unless you're like me and go for challenge with your story, so choosing Normal or Easy will not punish you.It's worth the price for me, and I hope you give it a try and help how support to Ghostlight to bring over more of their more recent titles!"
,Recommended,237890,8446482,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AzureShadowlight,"A very good tactical RPG. You can be so OP with the DLC in the beginning, I swear it was crazy."
,Recommended,237890,8624295,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Tararabbit111279,"This game is so bad it's good. If you are a die hard JRPG fan that enjoys comedy and poorly vieled innuendo, this game is for you.The bad: After a few battles, the battles themselves become dry, bland, and repetitive. Lots of dialoge that you have to press a button to advance. Cut scenes would have been nice for the endless dialogue. Smithing decent weapons, armor, is a pain. Battle graphics are pretty meh as well.The good: This is an RPG across generations. At  critical moments you woo female companions that ultimately you father the next generation of hero with. Your choices have consequences on the future. Combo hits, wrecking faces, chaining hits together. Setting up the battle field is an exercise in strategy and planning.Despite the obvious flaws with the game and the repetition in battles and low budget quality this game would be worth picking up if you can get it for 5-10 dollars or less."
,Recommended,237890,8662524,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,†[sZc)† Sky Doggo,i love the story but the game paly is very very monotonous
76561198008501770,Recommended,237890,8977758,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Logos,"There are other similar of the kind, this one lacks of complexity and its very slow. Battle mecanics are sometimes confusing and the pace of the game is linear and predictable. If you want to play something of this kind but better, final fantasy tactics its way better."
76561198042266037,Recommended,237890,9016590,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Butt-Toucher-McGee,"To be honest this game is only, ok. I reccomend it to those who are fans of anime, JRPG's, and strategic combat all at the same level, if not steer clear. It has the typical anime story of a guy who must save the world, but in this one he must give the souls of his children to a mysterious deity, which is kinda cool, so needless to say you must choose between a set of girls that you want to have a kid with, be forwarned that whichever girl you choose will also affect the kids starting skills and weapon, so choose wisely. I also want to point out that if you get this game on steam, do not add any of the extra pp to your characters at the beggining of the game, it will make you too OP and the game will be no fun. THIS GAME IS HARD FOR THE UNINTELLIGENT, if you play western RPG's where all you do is press X to win i.e. all new final fantasy games, then you will be frustrated at first. This game takes a lot of math skills and memorization of your characters movements, placements, magic and attack power, hit chance, skills and skill combinations between allies and themselves, but as soon as you figure out who needs to be where for each enemy you will feel like a peasant who became a king."
,Recommended,237890,9075477,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Wise Wolf,"Though I have not yet finished the game, but this game is fairly good. To anyone that would enjoy JRPGS and would enjoy seeing Japanese styled graphics this would be a nice game to play. At first I was actually a bit scared to play this due to the amazing low metascore though I know metascores are highly unreliable, but actually this game started getting better after I gave it some time. With more skills and different character styles it really improved the gameplay, also it had increased difficulty which was definitely a plus."
76561198049315881,Recommended,237890,9345214,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,KtLink,"I was very pleased with this game and how it turned out i can not wait until the sequel is released. I feel this game gives thoses that are looking for a dating sort of game, combined with an fire emblem kinda gameplay style something to look for and enjoy"
76561198040879197,Recommended,237890,9668543,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Takver,"JRPG, tactics based combat.  Pretty basic dating sim built in for each generation of the story. Makes for rather interesting character development. The crafting system is pretty involved, so be prepared to do a lot of grinding for items, points, monsters, titles, everything. Great artwork, and story.  Just be prepared to do a lot of grinding to unlock all the good stuff."
,Recommended,237890,9819272,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Helrouis,"Personal Fanboy Rating: 8/10Best skills: Stardust , rapid streamBosses I seriously had problems with: Consul Midas , Gurg+2 Lindwor, Holy DragonBest hero: Thoma ( 3rd generation )Best supporting: Winfield and BorgnineMy original choices of wives (without considering stats or whatsoever): Fyuria, Yayoi, Noah, RyuryuHighest U-Formation damage: 7.8 million vs ChaosExperimental all EX3 setup damage : 8.5 million (Fyuria + 5 main heroes) vs ChaosIt took me a while before I truly loved the game to the point that I've bought the collectors edition and currently on my fourth playthrough. The first time I played the game, it was on hard mode, going for the true end right away via guide. I finished it without the need of grinding contrary to what others believe what this game's all about. In my opinion, you only need the basic +15 stats items to win.As for the abilities and gears, most of them require grinding and such as it implies, but that's not a problem! Eventually, you will get new characters which has those combos. It may be a bit limiting, but it's good enough that it will give you access to great combos such as axel rave/execution and several other skills, so no problems there. There will also be dungeons which will simply provide you the gears that are so hassle to do via alchemy, so you just need to keep winning and manage your way through the game wisely. Sometimes the good early gears comes from monsters, so better capture them when you get the chance.Now when I mentioned that I didn't have to grind, there's a little bit of disappointment to that, because after figuring out the gist of winning in a surefire way, the game pretty much revolved around that mechanic. But I won't spoil it to you, I'm just saying that the AI basically doesn't improve that much especially at the end game, but they will get so powerful via stats and skillset in return. There will also come a point in time of the game where your defensive stats/abilities/gears will not matter much anymore (not totally bad, investing in defense is still good enough to survive ""stray bullets""/remainder attacks from bosses) so this is a bit of warning to those who are currently on the early generations pumping vit or investing too much on defenses.The only time I've ""grinded"" for items is when I was farming for 21 pieces of +999 atk, 21 pieces of +999 mags and 3 pieces of magic up+ at the post-game/after the ending since I was for preparing for new game+... God damn that was boring, but the effort was worth it, because it made it possible to finish the entire game in less than 6 hours (!) via stardust and rapid stream (rapid move+blast) and the auto battle feature (Q key) and skipping the dialog/animations. It was so imbalanced to the point even the hardest bosses died from the crappy AI auto battle...!Now when it comes to the controls and slowness of the gameplay, Ghostlight should /really/ make the default fps of the game at the agarest.ini file to 45 or 50 (50 smoothens the camera scroll on my end) and remap the keys to popularly used ones like - z(enter) x(select/jump) c (info/f key) and ctrl for skipping text rather than E key. I only figured all of this out after one playthrough. Oh, and I also didn't know that I could move across continents only until when I'm about to finish the game. I had to travel to the Frozen woods to get to Los Soleili or w/e that place's name is at gen 3. So it's better to name the ""move area"" as ""world map"" imo. These simple DOABLE changes can make the game experience a LOT better for players.As for the story, it's really great, I like games whose stories breaks off the clicheness at some point (chapter 3 and above really shined for me). there's just SO MUCH battles in between at times that it burns your brain out from thinking of strategies to win. I highly suggest improving the FPS like I mentioned above and use the auto battle to position your characters automatically/link them then disable it in the action phase to save you lots of time.All in all, the game is awesome, it just needs a bit of tweaking and learning, just keep on playing and it will really pay off."
,Recommended,237890,10083524,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,PhonAntiPhon,"Only been playing for a few hours so far but already it's certainly fulfilling my expectations.Proper JRPG action, loads of stats and menus, cutesy characters and graphics, effects, proper japanese VA, great isometric battles - what's not to like?!I was going to get Zero first but figured I'd do this one as it was the starting point for the series - (as far as I know) - I was looking for a decent JRPG and I'm really glad I found one.So far the storyline is panning out nicely and even the fact that it's more-or-less ""On rails"" is really refreshing after the last couple of years of wandering around in openworld games, just nice to get back to basics in that regard.Definitely enthusiastic about finishing and definitely planning on getting Zero.If you're looking for a good JSRPG with a fun plot and all the trimmings, then go for this one, you definitely won't regret it!"
76561197995383383,Recommended,237890,10198519,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,pat,"couple things to know getting into this-it's very JRPG, if you're not a fan of them don't get it-this is apparently a romance sim / rpg hybrid, which when i found out i was kind of put off by it but it plays out pretty cool. rather than just being there for the sake of fanboyism it actually plays a role in the game. You play through your characters lineage starting from the first generation, every wife you pick, as well as how strong your bond is affects the stats / appearance of your next generation (the next character you will play) I thought that was pretty dope- the combat can be repetitive, luckily there's an auto mode, making this game perfect to have up while watching a stream / tv / playing another game. Allowing you to just focusing on building / leveling / gearing your party and seeing how it performs, or you can play out the combat which isn't bad, just slow and it throws A LOT of fights at you.-story is pretty typical japenese anime turned RPG, good and bad depends on how you feel about itpicking this game up at sale price is definitely worth it if you have an RPG itch you're trying to scratch or just want to lose yourself in a game for a few days. If you're a hardcore JRPG fan full price would prolly be worth it."
76561198110508838,Recommended,237890,10224561,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tykiz,"Awesome game! I wont say much, give it a try for those who love tactical RPG style game :)"
76561198056639524,Recommended,237890,10274284,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Blue Phoenix,"This is a good game for any person who likes Stratagy games , although can be repertative as the game goes on has a very good entising plot line but probaly not for people who do not follow the rules of j animes"
76561198060420579,Recommended,237890,10567701,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Luke,"This game is freakin' awesome, and the cards can be sold for a small fortune, you'll probably recover all of the money you invested on the game, if you buy it during this summer sale. You're wasting precious time reading this, bro, go buy it already ! :)"
,Recommended,237890,10970835,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Onceforsaken,Basically if youre into the stories of an rpg this game will get you hooked on for sure with its 50+ hours gameplay and interesting storyline
,Recommended,237890,10195919,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,UndeadLich,"Only played this game for maybe 2 hours so far, I can say without a doubt I love this game type. The battle style is really something to be appreciated and isnt seen much. As for the art I can appreciate the 2d/2.5d for its simplicity and easiness on the eyes. One thing I didnt like was how sluggish the game feels so far, and I mean how the game handles, not the story.I have found a solution that seems to work without any repurcussions.There is a guide in the guide section for this game that explains how to increase your in game fps to 45 from 30, and turn on anti-aliasing for a smoother mouse movement. I definitely reccommend this game to people that like old school turn based rpg style games.(Dont forget to change the FPS settings!) Link to community guideHere."
76561198009051712,Recommended,237890,10907714,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Unknown,"This game is pretty much your typical SRPG.It might not be the best game out there but it's worth a try.The battle system is enjoyable but can be a bit confusing at first. I think there should be more explanation on how the game works.Aside from that, some battles can be quite annoying because of the difficulty spikes, especially when you reach generation 3, where enemies suddenly start to evade all you attacks and deal more damage.The story and characters are interesting and there's also many differents paths you can follow.I would recommend this game to the hardcore jrpg fans and people with lots of free time on their hands, since this one can be quite tricky at times, even on the easy difficulty level.Although this game is not my favorite, I'm happy they decided to bring the whole series to pc. Now they just need to bring disgaea or persona to steam too :p"
,Recommended,237890,11525361,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Krynoc,"Waifu Simulator,Very Sugoi 10/10"
,Recommended,237890,28656205,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaiie,"Going to start this review by simply saying, this is a grind heavy JRPG with an incrementally harder learning curve as you go on. If you don't enjoy having to grind a lot, and you don't enjoy the general concept of a JRPG, I strongly believe this is not a game for you.With that out of the way, this is my first Agarest game I have played, and I did truly enjoy the experience. I found the art and soundtrack to be very well done all-in-all. This game has a dating sim portion to it, and that much I could have personally done without, though it isn't really that bad. The game has easily a hundred hours of content if you care to do every little thing.I find that this game tried to standout as a good and strong stand-alone JRPG, but it failed that to an extent and made it into a pretty generic one. Furthermore, I believe the story itself is also quite generic, and has been done many times before. The story itself, although generic, can be captivating. The game tries to make you feel as though you can change the story based on your choices, though they do very little beyond forcing you to take the shorter or longer path.To conclude, this game is a roughly generic JRPG, but it comes with countless hours of gameplay and a very strong value for the cost of the game. I recommend this purchase to anyone who's a fan of JRPG's and is looking for something along the lines (especially at it's price)!"
76561198048810910,Recommended,237890,15082928,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,wizardofki,"I bought this game because I'm a big fan of turn based strategy and JRPGs. While I was expecting an experience similar to Vandal Hearts, the battle system in this is actually quite different due to combos and lack of counter attacks. While I'm starting to catch on to the combo system, I've discovered you don't necessarily want to move your characters in direct confrontation with the enemies. Instead, you should link them (look for a glowing arc between their heads), overkill the first enemy, and all of your players will all move during this combo to a formation that better favors a follow up attack on subsequent enemies. Although the special effects are awesome, the battles get repetative and even in the premium edition, the battle field is the same grid with few variations in background (usually just the same forest). Also, the equipment included in the additional packs included with the base game make every battle (at least in the beginning of the game) pointlessly easy and unchalleging. The plot isn't entirely original but is well thought out enough to keep the game interesting. There's no actual animation of the characters, just a few different still stances with interchangable facial expressions similar to the animation style in Sakura Spirit. At least the images are crisp, well drawn, and hi-res. The sound fits well with the game. Overall, I would give it an 7.5/10 and only recommend it if you're a die-hard fan of these types of games and it's on sale."
,Recommended,237890,24284432,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ClusterFlux,"First played through on the Hard difficulty...curently in progress.______+ Persona meets Growlanser, (Tactical anime pimp simulation with a family tree).+ Poaching monsters becomes an art.______- The Blacksmith well become your worst enemy.- Revive items are ♥♥♥♥ing golden laced crack, because the enemy well almost certianly kill one of your units each turn.- Enemy AI is relentless, while team AI has no priorities on heals or combos.- Game expects you to micro-manage quite alot with little to no UI infromation in combat.- Exploration maps were lazily created with no structure.- Desperately needs an oganize inventory option.- Large enemies obstruct camera angles, and there's only one damn angle. The rest have enviroment blocking them...- Attacks well undoubtably miss if not combo'd in some way, so good luck trying to reserve AP on low heatlh enemies.- DLC ruins any structure the game had.- No control over ally placement during combos ruins any idea of actual tactics, not to mention the UI covers the battleground limiting visual.- Combos are pretty much forced on one character due to the fact her attack grid covers the whole field."
76561198093703585,Recommended,237890,9569319,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,dgbug3,"This game is simply amazing.There's lots to like about this game.If you have trouble with the speed there's a couple of ways around that. The storline is immersive and the gameplay is hard, and the dlc is fun! Sometimes I'm like I want to go do such and such, but the game sucks you right back in.It's like Fire emblem with more RPG elements. A lot of people dislike it because they do not understand the game rate it low and come back. The first week the game had a 89 rating.For example at first the gameplay is fun, but then it yes does have the grind effect. (They also have a auto button.) But the monsters progress like in Japanese games to impossible levels. So while it may seem simple, the gameplay actually in fight modes is a lot of things like how does the field affect the gameplay? (You can CHANGE YOUR OWN FIELD to fight on. Yes folks.) How does certain combos affect different monsters? How do you combine the endless amount of monsters? (Not all of them are charted I think I found the mathmatical formula.) How do you impress the ladies while staying (light, dark, neutral?) Who do you choose the most attractive or the one that has the best stats? People hate this because they just want a shooter, they think thinking isn't for games. This game rewards you for your quick thinking and actions. How quick can you beat a battle reguardless of how boss your heroes are?Oh, and there's 5 generations! The next game includes only 2 but that's due to the fact they included more animations so reading the text is less banal. The game has (for english translations.) one of the best japanese to english scripts. It's funny and sometimes downright you'll cry from laughing.They also include better animations and designed amore fluid game but it's less fun in some aspects where the game does not make you have so much to explore. There's hundreds of hours of replayable game here. So if you hate it I say it's your loss of a game that beats Mass effect in what it delivers in content."
,Recommended,237890,20690016,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,PanzernKern,"Agarest: Generations of War has an interesting central concept that never manages to create anything special with the tools it has available. While the dating sim portions of the game do succeed, even if they are overly awkward, the slow pace of the storyline combined with a lack of clear innovation does more harm than good. But, if you want to play an RPG that will last you an extremely long time, and are unconcerned with its pace, then this is worth checking out."
,Recommended,237890,35119626,Posted: 21 September,all,HOLYONE,"Agarest is one of my all-time favorite strategy RPG, and favorite of those available on PC.Gameplay is a lot of fun lots of endings different romances great game."
,Not Recommended,237890,9155976,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Jink,"1.5-2/5Normally I like JRPGs, but I can't recommend this game. It bundles all the worst cliches of the JRPG and visual novel style dating sim into an 80+ hour game that repeats image, narrative and gameplay content ad nauseum. Playing this game became an exercse in willpower, and in the end I only managed to get through 3 of the 5 generations before giving up.If you like repetitive narrative structures, endless battles and JRPG cliches this game is for you. Otherwise stay away."
,Recommended,237890,8581331,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,champiDINH,"My favourite moment of the game was when we had to battle a giant boulder because it was in our way. That was pretty intense!But honestly, this game has a certain addictedness which wont let me stop playing it. It's old school graphics, gameplay and setting are all of which makes this game so exciting for its category.So don't let its animation fool/deter you, because you're bound to be caught off guard as I was.If a rating was required? 8/10"
,Recommended,237890,10960278,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bert,"Waifu simulator 2013. Fyuria Tsundere, sold."
,Not Recommended,237890,11003556,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sirian 03,"Although the game mechanics are pretty good, I find the gameplay to be quite repetitive."
,Recommended,237890,7300015,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,Just buy a Disgaea game:More ContentBetter game mechanicsMore interesting charactersBetter storyLess horrible CGDid I mention better characters?More replay valueOr if you wanted to spend like 5$ you could buy Final Fantasy Tactics for the PS1 (or the PSP remake) and have probably 100x the amount of fun with that.2/10
,Recommended,237890,7763038,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Armaron,Not everyday you have a game where you marry your party characters and then your progeny continue the adventure taking on increased attributes depending on who you do the nasty with. Only one other game did this. Phantasy Star III: Generations of Doom.
76561198007463836,Recommended,237890,8066613,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,dschinn0,Awesome Game maybe nothing for those who dont like strategie games but everyone should try it
,Recommended,237890,10454233,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,dragon_blade,"Let's see what can i say about this game other then it being really repeditive. I will start out wil the pros firstPros.Interesting story.pretty well developed characters ( with out this the game would suck ). A well balanced leveling  system . you gain points when you level up and you can put then in whatever stat you wish. intellegence , magic , evasion ect. Battle system is turn based stradegy  i will put this under cons as well because this is what makes the game repeditive.. Excellent ost   I really like the dungeon themes boss themes and battle themes.Choices you make effect the outcome of the story. I really like when games do this. Mainly becaue it adds re playability but i highly reccomend  having extra save files just so you dont have to go tthrough all the fights again.Cons.Battle system  why is this under both ? Well i have played the ps3 version as well and i find that once you have a certain stradegy lined up you basically reapet that stradegy over and over again..Dungeons I find these dungeons very short i remember back in the day where dungeons where like mazes and you actually had to use grid papper to find your way through them.  Unless you explore then a lot of them are basically one straight line.Is it worth your money  ?i would say yes. If you don't mind the repeditiveness of it and a lot of level grinding and or item farming which comes with the basic rpg then go for it. honestly if you want to just support more jrpgs  on pc then buy it  :)"
76561198137429532,Recommended,237890,10688344,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Plop a Pie,"This is an amazing game if you like a Stratergy RPG. The only thing wrong is that there's bearly any save points, and because of THAT, I'm not very far in the game."
,Recommended,237890,7744866,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,elbeeno,"This game is pretty fun. It is easier than most strategy games once you figure out how to do combined attacks. I just do the same attack every battle and win easily. This is the only game I ever pre-ordered and I bought 1 copy for myself and one for my brother. I thought I was getting a deal since it was discounted and came with the DLC that was advertised to come free with the pre-order as if it wasn't something that every player would get free anyway. The DLC comes with the game anyway and you need to turn it off to have a decent experience with this game. It is way too powerful and I just turned it all off to start with, but they released more and auto-enabled it into my game... Also, don't buy any extra DLC. It is all stuff you get in the game anyway and will make everything too easy. I would definely buy this game for $12. It was still a good buy when i got it for $16 since I had been waiting forever for a tactics style game on the PC. This is similar to FFT, Disgaea, and Fire Emblem. It is just as easy as FFT and Disgeae but more repetitive than both with every battle being almost the same. Some great features that make this game much more playable than those other games are the option to skip animations and a setting in the ini file to speed the game up as fast as you want. I like how they keep changing your main character as you go through the chapters so you get to play lots of characters. There are some that you get to keep and you can bring the old ones back if you want, but it is nice not just having one main character that you play the whole game. I found the story to be pretty funny so far. ALL of the female images in the game are sugestive, but if you unlock the CG images, you will find that they are pretty hilarious although I'm sure they were intended to be sexy. Could just be my humor. Don't expect a serious story and you'll have a great time with this game."
76561198068009044,Recommended,237890,7320183,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Normie_Satan,"This is a fantastic game, its like final fantasy and fire emblem with a bit of persona mixed in, its incredibly fun and if you dont have it yet get it , even if you dont wantt the game buy it just to give ghostlight money, i want the other agarest games to be ported to pc :)"
,Recommended,237890,7392323,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,Interesting little title. Story plays over the course of 5 generations of your character's family line. Gameplay is somewhat repetitive.  Buying the packs is literally paying to win. Game becomes a lot easier. Replay value is certainly there for those that want to see the potential outcomes by choosing a different girl. However the game is slightly grindy in feeling but not overly. The designers make up for this by giving you plenty to do from crafting to capturing monsters.Its a nice little title that will give you a lot of hours of replay value should you desire to see the other stories and outcomes. If not then it won't be a game for you.
,Recommended,237890,7594156,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Andem,"This game has a super low budget, but if you can get it on sale and like turn taking strategy RPGS this is pretty nice. It's super long, and the hard mode is challenging but not to the point where it makes you rage, which I really like. Just never use the DLC items. The game does a good job of giving you items when you need them.Grinding is also not necessary at all, which is nice. The game even discourages it a bit. The story and characters are really cliche. There are a couple of good fellas that come a long waaaaaaay later in though.TL;DR IF YOU LIKE TO WATCH NUMBERS GO UP, THIS IS A GOOD WATCHING NUMBERS GO UP. JUST DON'T LET ANYONE BE AROUND WHEN YOU MARRY A CHICK BECAUSE ITS REALLY CRINGEY"
,Recommended,237890,7759726,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Legs0fSteel,agarest is a rare kind of RPG i'm usually not into japanese games and especially not hentai ones so when i saw thetrailer i was sceptical to be surebut the game is super fun to play the battle system is as deep as any japanese SRPG the writing is funny and witty even through english translations a lot of the humor still works great and all the characters you meet have their own twists and bends to them also explained really good through excellent writingthere are a few mechanics like monster capturing and combining so it might be wise to look up a few guides into those things but the game does a pretty good job explaining the basics to uouthis game will last you a while between all the generations the game takes place in 3 deifficulty modes and new game+ you're gonna be lost in his game for a whileand also the soul breed sytemm used to make kids that will take over the story has over 1000 combinations possible so you always have a unique game for yourslefi woud truly recommend this game to anyone who likes japanese SRPG's it's a great game for a great price enjoy!8/10-legs0fsteel
,Recommended,237890,8556380,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Newgeta,"Final Fantasy Tactics meets Rogue Legacy meets Disgea meets the Sims.  This game is a must if you like tactical JRPGs in anime style.  There are literally hundreds of characters, combos attacks, items/recipes and skills.  Its a little TOO much at first but once you start to peel back the layers and understand the mechanics it becomes super satisfying."
76561198098680694,Recommended,237890,8583398,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lord Marss,The game has a pretty interesting premise and the character and art are quite well done. If you are into strategy JRPGs then you will definitely like this.
76561198007264539,Recommended,237890,8723618,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Trump-Senpai Notice Me!,"Probably one of the longest and most complicated RPGs i have played in recent years.  Tons of different ways to get to your goal.Has some issues with the blantant lack of tutorial, and the lack of battle subtitles (I still want to know what Silvi says) but if you want to have an RPG that soaks up days, here you go"
,Recommended,237890,9238252,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,RichChigga,"A decent JRPG with good combat system, story and characters. But it gets a little too repetitive sometimes because to progress in this game you have to do the same kind of battles over and over again. It does get quite boring sometimes. If you're patient you'll get through it but if you're not then I suggest you play on Easy or Normal mode so that the battles don't take too long to end.Overall it's an enjoyable experience, definitely worth playing."
76561198125181558,Recommended,237890,9203864,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,~Myrr~,"There is no middle rating. I'm trying really hard to like this game. The battles feel like Final Fantasy Tactics which I like but it gets so tedious to fight every time you move. It's not chance based which makes it worse. The story is pretty interesting and I do like the incorporated dating sim aspect. From what I read this game almost has endless amounts of endings but who can get past the first generation?Hats off to anyone who has beat this game. Brovo sir, you deserve a slow clap. I'm going to go back to grinding a little away each day and hope for the best."
,Recommended,237890,10563716,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Braedon,"I don't understand why this game has such a bad metascore, this game is a true JRPG and it reminds of the some the old tactical PS1 games that I love and adore such as Final Fantasy Tactics. The combat system is robust and fluid, the level progression and crafting system are deep and rewarding, and the art/spell effects are all well done. However, with all JRPG's, the dialogue is painfully dramatic and the story is predictable and is nothing spectacular. I would recommend this game to any RPG fan as this game has some very fine tuned game mechanics that I love 8/10"
,Recommended,237890,11097988,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Neumannj,If you like JRPGs give it a look.
,Recommended,237890,10730812,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DryvBy,This is a great tactics game. But what you really want to know is that this game has great selling prices on cards.
76561197977632063,Recommended,237890,14643947,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Xetelian,Standard strategy with combo tiles that can link attacks of multiple characters into one giant chain. If you buy the DLC you'll end up one shotting all enemies for a while which makes it hard to capture early on until you get mercy strike.
,Recommended,237890,14685444,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,SleeplessWei,"Slightly grindy, but great JRPG. You can tell the programmers worked very hard on this, as it includes numerous features, a large number of items and skills (all with their own descriptions), and elaborate storyline branching events that would have made me go insane should I have been the one that was given the task to implement the game from scratch. Whether or not it suits the player's taste...well, that depends on you guys. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,237890,11706129,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Little Sparrow,"Not the most perfectly polished game, but the characters are super fun.  If the game mechanics, graphics, and audio (all only OK) all were as good as the characters and writing it would be legendary.  In spite of its flaws it kept me entertained for many enjoyable hours and for that it certainly deserves to be recommended."
76561197993576796,Not Recommended,237890,26525027,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Alichino,This game may be good if you're into waifu hunting but trpg part is really dull and boring. For the most part of the game you will click through menus just to perform autoattack.
,Recommended,237890,23827545,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,𝓩𝓮~𝓦𝓸𝓵𝓯𝓮,"great artwork and story, fun to play the RPG side of things, I love to ♥♥♥♥ that enemy AI with my chain-linked attacks XD"
,Recommended,237890,7765004,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Angela Ziegler,"Graphic is so cool I like is, for me that is not boring.Fighting system is fun, CG was cute.I can not say much If you try play is i know you just love it****Plz Give Record Generations of War Zero and 2 -/\-****"
76561198010786164,Recommended,237890,9557344,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Trapper Keeper,♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥es. Make babbies.
,Recommended,237890,11430514,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,WhiteTootle-Senpai ツ,Beat a♥♥♥♥♥♥of a rock took like 3 years. 10/10
,Recommended,237890,10191263,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,MajikkijaM,"If you liked Final Fantasy tactics, Ogre tactics, Soduken... Oldschool Jrpg checkerboard squad rpg turnbase games, then you will like this game as well. It could use an update or two, It would be nice if you could turn the camera whenever you want (not just at beggining of the move), Or be able to zoom out a little. Im always looking for a good turnbase rpg, this is a good game. Make sure to disable all dlc so your not overpowered at the start (cheating basically), you will earn everything by playing and grinding for xp, Play on hard difficulty if you want any challenge. Get it when its on sale!"
76561198025313927,Recommended,237890,10945914,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,spaztastika,Love it. Different way to expirience a story.
,Recommended,237890,10754284,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Fenro,"Its repetitive, storyline isnt anything special... but you know what.. i still like it :P"
,Recommended,237890,11137939,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ロリ,Waifu Simulator
,Not Recommended,237890,11982725,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Im trying so hard to enjoy playing this game and I just cannot do it.I dont mind the whole grid/turn based fighting, that was actually one of the main reasons I bought it. What really blows is how tedious it actually is to manually do it. I have to move in a direction, then pick what way Im facing - which honestly doesnt seem to matter unless they are directly behind me - and then when it shifts to battle mode or whateverthe♥♥♥♥, I feel the time I spend setting up my attack (i.e. picking the skills and selecting the target, which for some reason I have to select twice?) is three times longer than the actual attack animation.. it just feels like the time spent is not rewarding enough, especially considering the bonus content allows you to just ♥♥♥♥ing 1shot everything..Now, wait a minute!.. whats with this ""Manually""♥♥♥♥♥♥you said earlier? Yes, with the click of a button the AI controls your party during battles... seriously the last battle my Auto-controlled party just hit a 28 hit combo for like 11800 total damage.. on a ♥♥♥♥ING BEE... why the ♥♥♥♥ did I pay for this game?Seriously, If I dont uninstall this tonight I think the only other time I'll give it a shot is if I'm absolutely lucid on weed brownies, because the japanese voice overs would definitely be one hell of a tirp.oh yeah. and the first 3 characters remind me of Ryu, Tina and that gargoyle ♥♥♥♥er from Breath of Fire 4, just saying."
76561198080179878,Recommended,237890,15398370,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,WhosThis,"Summary-Not the best starting game for JRPG newbies-Experienced JRPG should enjoy this game-Hard to get into at first but you will love the story once you get it-Be prepared to spend a long time completing the game (at least 100+ hours)-Already worth the money just from the game lengthNotesI am writing as a person who had never played any form of RPG games before. I have also only completed the second generation as of the time of review, I usually write reviews after i'm done with the game but I felt like I had to get this off my chest.StorylineThe main storyline for this game isn't the most interesting one. Its about a person and his decendants becoming a medium to seal off the forces of darkness. The more interesting bit of the story comes from the individual stories told by the heroes in every generation, in another words there should be 5 stories to play through since i believe there are 5 generations of heroes to play. So far in the first and second generation, the beginning wasn't very interesting since nothing much happens, but when complications in the story arises, it becomes more enjoyable to read and play. My biggest complaint about the story is that it seems certain 'events' can only be triggered when you follow the 'true ending', which is difficult to achieve without a walkthrough. I hope that in Agarest: Generations of War 2, all of the 'events' will be readily available as the story progresses.GameplayAs a complete newbie in JRPGs, Agarest lacks of help features that can really make a person quit after an hour. The mechanics of the game is more complicated than MMOs whereby setting up combos is required to win the game. While the tutorial is helpful in explaining the mechanics and only teaches you what you need to know at that time, there is a lack of help or FAQ to refer to anytime in game in case of any doubts. Due to that, after taking a long break from the game, I struggled on the mechanics of the game for awhile before getting the hang of it.Another personal issue that I had with this game is the fact that it is too long, there are cases where I had to fight through up to 4-5 stages of monsters before i can trigger another 'event'. This makes the game feel very tiring because alot of time needs to be spent before the story can progress. I really hope that future generations and Agarest: Generations of war 2 will have shorter stages in between 'events' to make the game less tiring to play.On the plus side, because the game is abit hard, it really calls for proper strategic plays to win and minimise losses and that is something I enjoy. The skills in the game is also very flashy which I like as well although it would be nice to have a 'normal' attack so that I could save ap for future use and not waste it on a 50hp enemy.ConclusionPeople who are new to this genre might want to stay away from this game and try something else first to get a good gist on how a JRPG feels like. Those who already played JRPGs before should definitely try this game out. In my opinion the price tag of $15 is already enough to keep you playing for at least a month or so."
76561198042155215,Recommended,237890,15894554,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Neeya,"first, you will need to put MANY hours into this game to get full enjoyment.pros:1. multiple hours of gameplay2. replay value is high for ppl interested in it3. a long story.........a REALLY long story4. a fair amount of customizationcons:1. can be considered too long (not many games get this)2. can get repetitive fairly early3. DLC breaks the game4. you'll need a guide to get the true end ._.overall, to get full enjoyment, you need to be dedicated till the end and more. multiple playthroughs may be needed to 100% the game. But if you enjoy the story in the first generation, you will most likely enjoy the rest."
,Recommended,237890,7589561,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,tyedfriedrice,10/10 ultimate generation harem simulator
,Recommended,237890,8958278,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,P&C,"This game is one of the most fun JRPG games I've ever played. It has a story base enjoyment and the characters are very well developed. The game is a strategy base game, but it is indeed a good one. It also has a field of freshness of a good game to it. This game has shown me that a single player game can be just as enjoyable as a multiplayer game. The game's developement makes it almost as a anime. So it pumps me up to the fullest just playing it. I enjoy this game very much and hope that many who gets it will as well."
76561198091554156,Recommended,237890,9127183,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GigglyRaven,"Enjoyable enough so far, with a LOT of gameplay and a pretty interesting turn based tactics battle system for setting up massive combos. I need to start playing this game some more since it's kind of taken the backseat for me. I'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,237890,9538865,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LeyShade,"Good turn based RPG. A few minor imbalances and a lot of DLC, but non is essential. A lot of people have rated it poorly on the basis of ''bad graphics'' when compared to a Call of Duty game, but this is a classic TRPG in the vein of Disagea, Ogre Tactics and Persona by a studio that wishes to port such games in futre to steam.The story is fun, the dating elements are similar in tone to the Tenchi Muyo anime (story driven and comical). The combat is a little repetative at times, but that is often a symptom of grinding and not the gameplay itself.Overall a fantastic JRPG and a great port to Steam so many people who couldn't play it before now can. The game comes with all it's content DLC pre-installed except for non-essential DLC, and has full controller support, optimized screen resoloutions for big screen and a good soundtrack. Highly recommended."
76561198029747206,Recommended,237890,10388542,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Corbix,Girls with♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would reccomend
76561198037113995,Not Recommended,237890,11044914,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Perspective,In a nutshell? This game is awful. Whilst in an intoxicated state i made the mistake of purchasing this game because I was really in the mood for a JRPG.  This game is the result of a bored developer who happened to meet a softcore porn anime director at a bar.  Absolutely zero engagement with the story line and the 2D gameplay is well below par for 2014. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
76561198088256254,Not Recommended,237890,8564839,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Shambles,"The battle scenes are cool because of the combo's,  the game is a bit boring for my taste because you move from battle to battle for the most part. Could use some in battle combo cut scenes anime stlye and things to do in between battles. For example FF7"
76561198032410307,Recommended,237890,8894889,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tianiko,"Excellent game, the port from console to PC was well made, since Phantasy Star 3, I haven't found a generation based rpg and this one is really well made.I really hope the others Games will be port to PC too."
,Not Recommended,237890,8440569,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Montecristo No. 4,"I like JRPGs in general, so I just bought this without second thought. What a mistake. I should have at least had a look at reviews before buying. Incredibly boring plot. Awful characters. Ridiculously inconvenient and repetitive battle system. Soundtrack is just a pain for ears. I tried so hard to endure as much of this game as possible.. until they went to fight a pile of stones. Yes, just a regular pile of stones that does nothing 'cause it's stones. OMFG again this wretched battle system! It would literally take an hour to finish off this pile on hard difficulty. I understand, the rocks blocked the way, BUT WHY ON EARTH NOT TO CLIMB OVER? WHY FIGHT ROCKS? absolutely not recommended. the only reason to buy this game is for crafting badges and selling backgrounds. They're pretty expensive 'cause of those animu girls on them."
,Not Recommended,237890,33354531,Posted: 7 July,all,Brownninja97,"I honest cannot stand this game, ive not played it in a while granted but I saw it in my inventory and it bought the annoyance I had with it back. I understand that some JRPGs are grindy but this takes it to a whole new level and it ridicoulous how much you need to put in order to progress for some part of the storyline and the issue with the story is that the characters arent depth as you are trying to get pushed along throught the generations, their personalities are a mess. The gameplay itself is ok but the game looks so bad and not in a way that looks nice through age, its just generally unappealing. I know a lot of this sounds like rage but because it is. This game is a total mess."
,Recommended,237890,12208520,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Farbeyondwastedせんぱい,This game is amazing love the agarest series. its just very hard to get into if your not into japanese art or haveing to plan out how to attack because if you go in attacking without a plan you can loose. If your intrested into japanese rpgs or love strategy turn base games i recomend you get this! Now all we need to do as a pc community is to get the hyperdimention series over to pc because that would be amazing!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237890,12883684,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Omega-,"Love the playstyle of it, All in all a good fun game."
,Recommended,237890,7741516,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Frylo-Ren,An inovative JRPG that I simply love.
,Recommended,237890,7749415,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Michael Batalla,GOAT
,Recommended,237890,13092746,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,seizure procedure,"Actually had to rebuy this as I had once owned the special edition box set for the 360, thats how much I enjoyed this game. While it now shows its date and has a pretty steep difficulty curb the branching stories with multiple ways of going about it make for a great game all the same. The added feature of auto battle converts this into almost a pure visual novel format. With the different girls comes many different ways the game can play thus giving it great replay value. While part of this ranking is based on my older memories of this game coupled with my new ones it is still worth a buy. 4.5 out of 5 stars"
76561198013594187,Recommended,237890,13428928,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Straychild,This is actually pretty nice game. Good way to kill time.
76561198015229979,Recommended,237890,14116256,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,patyos,Amazign Strategy Adventure RPG game it is also challenging and interesting charactersThe game is extremely long though  Id recommend for peeps who can handle lenghty strategy games
,Recommended,237890,14511160,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bewks,"This one if not one of my absolute favourite games. It's a nice mix of a dating sim, Action, Fantasy and strategy.I would recommend it to people who like final fantasy because I personally feel it is pretty similiar gameplay wise.Pros-3 girls a generation to pick from-thousands of hero possibilities-Massively long campaign.-Choices that effect gameplay-Angel and fox girlsCons-Lots of grinding-Massively long campaign feels like a grind after a while-The first hero isn't really customisable-Make a wrong choice and the ladies might not like you-Dlc popups when launching campaign go for ages.-the main combat mechanic gets boring and becomes a pain to use."
76561198097859003,Recommended,237890,13446073,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Brice,You have no choice but to battle for quite a while to move the story along but overall not a bad game. I will likely play it again.
,Recommended,237890,9018009,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Shapeshifting Silverware,"I've enjoyed this game so far. It's almost an exact implementation of all jRPG stereotypes ever, and I like it for that.- Drawn-out introductory sequence about some gods or something that has no bearing whatsoever on anything? Check.- Ridiculous attack animations? Check.- Confusing jumble of points, stats and skills? Check.- Impenetrable crafting system? Check.- Default jRPG character roles? Check.- Female ""armor""? Check.If that makes the game sound bad to you, then that's too bad. It's pretty damn awesome. It has more rough edges than a triple chainsaw made of shattered plexiglass, but I love it. I'm not far enough into it to say if the initial challenge keeps up (I assume it either doesn't, or spirals into a forest of difficulty spikes), but so far it was worth it.Anyways, more about the game itself. Basically, imagine a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Disgaea, Fire Emblem and Chess. You move around on a world map composed of nodes, and sometimes you do battle. Those battles are fought on small, square arenas with no obstacles, divided into square fields. Turn-based combat. While the setup is simple, the linking system layered on top of it makes it so that it still remains fun and engaging. This is the meat of the game, and it is done rather well, I believe.Character customization seems rather well done, as well. Each character has four or so slots in which they can equip skills. Those skills are divided into categories (like fire, physical and so on), as are slots. So a mage-y character might have two light magic and two water magic slots, while a more fight-ey character might have a bunch of physical skill slots. When characters are linked (very important mechanic), they can use skills in sequence, and certain sequences of certain skills become super skills that are awesome because reasons. Thus, which skills to equip to whom and whom to use and where become very important considerations.As for other aspects... The story so far is relatively mediocre, the characters vary from very bland to fairly bland, the voice acting (yes, it's there) is... well, it exists, and the soundtrack is pretty cool at times, unintrusive at others.I'd say something along the lines of 7/10, with 9 points for the core mechanic, 1 for the soundtrack and -3 for everything else.Also, for what it's worth, I play on Hard with all the ""dlc"" (except the bonus dungeons, which always activate, apparently) turned off."
76561198051525449,Recommended,237890,10116506,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,stay calm,nice game but way to much DLC
,Recommended,237890,7758213,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Remilia Scarlet,"As a lover of all J-RPG games, this game has interesting mechanics, plot, and epic variety of combos, recommend to play if u're like J-RPG games"
76561198010714200,Recommended,237890,7778559,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dan,great game and fun story. but the combat get tiring sometimes
,Recommended,237890,14338652,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kai Kawasumi,"Agarest is a solid game. However, it is only for hardcore JRPG fans due to its difficulty, lack of English voice overs, length (long) and tendency to reward grinding."
,Recommended,237890,13920823,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jurina Matsui,Good Story!
,Not Recommended,237890,14557508,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Razonix,"I usually like to write reviews only if I happen to finish the game that I'm playing, that way I can at least have a clean conscience about my whole conception of it. That said, I'm making an exception this time because I was yawning so hard while playing this one that I thought to myself: ""People are often complaining about the grinding nature of this game. If I'm already feeling like this at the beggining, imagine in the end?"". If things would keep going at that pace, I'm pretty sure that I'd be sleeping much more than I used to during the boring classes that I had in college. For real, there's not much to say. I love TBS games but this one just feels different. There was no chemistry with the characters or the story, the battles are so terribly slow and uninteresting. Maybe I might give it another chance in the future but I really can't see that happening anytime soon..."
76561198114493428,Recommended,237890,17100088,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Neko Hime,One of my favourite games on steam i strongly recommend this game a soild  anime turn based  strategy RPG it can be abit grinding but I feel thats its charm. Ive only finished up to the first generation but it has unique dating sim elements to it it is more of a turn based strategy rpg but you have to play thru 3 generations each child doomed thorough the generations to seal the darkness away. I love this game I do recommend using a console controler as some parts dont transfer very well to pc as its originally a ps game. Try it this game :)
,Recommended,237890,7309752,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Monter,great strategy japanese game!
76561198079335824,Recommended,237890,7764023,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"This game is very relaxing and fun ,be prepared to read alot, if you skip the reading you miss the story behind the game ,and reading is good for us all ,it's not a difficult game to master ,the artwork is fantastic ,and you'll have to remember to save your progress as you get further into the game, while it may not be everyone's style of game, I feel this game is worth the purchase  price maybe you don't need the DLC""s because they can be earned through playing the game which is more fun ,the choice is your's, anyway I'm enjoying the game so far ,It's a lovely game ."
,Recommended,237890,11540863,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ironicorn,This game has boobs in it 10/10
,Not Recommended,237890,8546978,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ser pounce-a-lot,"aww it tries so hard, it's really cute. but aw what's this? bonus content weapons that let me power through the first chapter of the game because they're so massively broken? around fifteen different combat and world navigation and crafting systems awkwardly mashed together? character profiles that spoiler all their backgrounds and secrets so they don't have to bother doing any character building in game? and the heroes only changing their appearance based on their mother, instead of using grandmother and great-grandmothers to add even more interesting genetic changes? a game that constantly trips over its feet in everything it tries to do. unless you enjoy spending fifteen minutes juggling between screens to craft items, play fire emblem instead.oh and playing through gen two, the story is so so so so boring and slow and you can't speed it up. and so are the characters. seriously, i'm hitting auto play, then alt tabbing and doing something for the next twenty minutes. it's just mind-blowingly dull. and for the choices, the huge explanation they've given for it doesn't matter. your best bet is to just go to a faq and find which option shifts you towards/light dark to keep your doohicky balanced, or just reply to the one that makes your waifu of choice happy."
76561198038807347,Not Recommended,237890,30359299,Posted: 6 March,all,Wappen,"Good points- ???? moe waifus?Bad points- Bad VN navigation, bad skipping/auto system. Menu and talking character transition effect can be very annoy when you want to skip the conversation fast.- Battle system is iconic but hard to enjoy- Japanese cliche of story flow. I can imagine an old-time RPG-hardcore-gamer designer guy sits there and commenting ""Let's make character pops out of nowhere, because it is so exciting! like '90 sudden girlfriend appearance anime.- Difficulty curve is too steep. I can imagine an old-time RPG-hardcore-gamer designer guy sits there and commenting ""this is too easy, maybe make this part harder."" And ""Oh, let's punish player here by placing many high level monsters."" -_-- Inconvenient shop system, like, no ""equipment outfit"" right out of the shop.  I can imagine an old-time RPG-hardcore-gamer designer guy sits there and commenting ""We would like to follow system like in Final Fantasy 1 because they succeed!""- Terrible control.Final word:- For grindy players, not for busy person. (Isogashii hito no tame dewa arimasen)- I would rather watch let's play video and enjoy story instead of going through terrible VN auto/skip system and waiting for long battles."
76561197976530450,Not Recommended,237890,20338965,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Madhouse,"2 Stars - A slice of JRPG culture that may not appeal to new entrants to this style.Although the game trys to build on  a strong platform of coordinated tactical battles and gripping Japanese story telling I found this game missed the mark.I am not a regular in the JRPG arena and I found this game to be a slugging grindfest. Repititive tatical battles are often duplicated and unengaging. The base game comes with a level of DLC type content which should mean that a small portion of your party is over powered from the start while the rest are left looking weak and fragile. So I added additional DLC weapons and found my OP party stuck grinding pixies in a forest.There are other aspects to this game (crafting, battle pets, etc) but these only slowed the game down further. Overall if you not sure this is the game for you it proabably isn't.Pros -Anime / StoryCons -GrindingPoor DLC mixGraphicsRepititive"
76561198097983806,Recommended,237890,8512615,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,scorpiogirl,I like the story line in the game.
76561198020525567,Recommended,237890,7744992,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Killawind,only downfall is that the voices are in the original Japanese...and the battles can be repetitive.
,Recommended,237890,8160255,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PAPA FRANKU,é loco
,Recommended,237890,8551951,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,hektonian,"Some would call it run-of-the-mill -JRPG with sub-standard graphics, and that is what it is. Not to mention the voice acting in japanese, making it hard for beginners to get into.However, I would say the graphics and the voice acting is secondary to the storyline, which I believe has an interesting concept. I admit, I haven't completed the game just yet (although I aim to do so in uncertain future), but spanning a story through several generations? Probably more realistic than vanquishing near-immortal enemy within couple of days since being stranded on a beach (I'm looking at you, Ys -series)In any case, I played it, understood what was spoken, found it intriguing, and liked it it."
,Recommended,237890,7776900,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Force Gaia,"From the makers of Hyperdimension Neptunia comes another excelent JRPG, this time with an extra dose of japaneese.Phase-based tactics gameplay combined with a healthy dose of visual novel and dating sim, as your protagonist character must marry one of the heroines from his generation in order to spawn the next generation's hero, but your choice of girls depends on how well you get on with each of them.DLC packs give extra starting items which feel like they make the game too easy, but you can enable and disable them at will before each new game.Battle graphics are similar to most other isometric tactics games but on a 3D rendered backdrop, CG is stunning and the native japaneese voiceovers make this game complete.Lovers of Final Fantasy Tactics - buy this game."
,Not Recommended,237890,7958123,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Khazeus,"I bought this game hoping for something along the same vein as Shining Force or FF Tactics or even Mystaria for those of you who had a Saturn. Unfortunately, this game is none of those things. Not saying its a bad game, but definitely not the type of turn based combat I was looking for. The battles remind me more of Kings Bounty with each map being pretty much the same shape with none to minimal terrain features. The art is nice, I skipped through most of the dialogue so I can't speak on that. All in all I would have to say check out a video of the gameplay before you buy and see if this is the type of game you enjoy playing. Personally, I don't recommend it."
76561197990928894,Recommended,237890,7644892,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Crusty Butts,"If you can get by the really bad graphics and even worse voiceovers, this game actually has a semi-silver lining with it's story."
,Not Recommended,237890,8428889,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sunny,"I don't understand why they brought this game to the PC world when it's a game from 4 years ago. The graphics are acceptable, but everything else is just... not as good as I thought it would be for a JP RPG."
,Not Recommended,237890,9279159,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Cress,"There's 2 big problems in this game: The story pacing is horribly slow (too many battles between plot advance) and the second problem is the speed of battles. They're extremely repetitive and slow, even with animations and effects turned off. I really, really wanted to like this game more, since I'm a big fan of jrpgs, but I'm having a hard time enjoying it. Even so, I will finish it and see all generations."
,Recommended,237890,7936757,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DeathK100,good game gameplay and story really good i recomend for those who like this kind of games :)
,Recommended,237890,7635548,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Drako9,"Waifu simulatoreach generation, you and your waifu(also the 2 rejects) sacrifice themselfs to seal monstersthere are 5 generationsthe hero/the dense/the retorded/the edgyemo/the supaheroits a hella fun the gamealso if you use the dlcs, from the first to the third generation will be like a cakewalk, but at the 5th generation you will be crying like a little ♥♥♥♥♥, oh god dat♥♥♥♥♥♥is hardoh also something else, that ♥♥♥♥ING BLACKSMITH WILL NEVER HELP YOU-hey i got the materials to make a hella strong sword-sure boy lets make your sword/ opsie i messed up =3 here take this♥♥♥♥♥♥knife, no hard fellingsFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFits worth, go and buy dat♥♥♥♥♥♥now"
,Recommended,237890,14970675,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tiang Li,A classic SRPG & good gameplay...
,Recommended,237890,10930784,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Guntario,"I'm not really sure if I recommend this game. It seems to be pretty good, but I'm already bored of it. The mechanics seem to be very in-depth, but the execution is really strange. Right off the bat, my characters have looted such crazy items that make them almost invulnerable. There's no real challenge, or thought out strategy for building up your character into a complete bad♥♥♥♥♥ You start off a bad♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm not sure that's really such a good thing. I like the slow buildup, being challenged along the way, and culminating into an epic battle to finish off the game. However, I've played through a considerable amount and have found no interest in the story, and the fights hold no challenge. It's fun and all, but I feel like there are better games out there at around the same price-point."
,Recommended,237890,7322192,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Clay Jensen,RPG ON STEAM!!!
76561198046806847,Recommended,237890,11273854,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Abstract Nonsense,This game is so addicting. If you are a fan of JRPG's I highly recomend this game. It has a good story solid gameplay thats easy to learn and hard to master. Also has a long story that will take time to complete with multiple endings. Overall awesome game my only complaint is the crafting is a bit complex and annoying but all the other features make this problem ok.
,Recommended,237890,9052803,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Chrissy♥,I like the game. If you're into this style type in the video then I would recomend it.
,Not Recommended,237890,9182604,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,YumYum,"What a waste of money!This game takes so long for everything that you want to do. Even attacking takes about soo long and you cant skip text. This game is slow as hell.I like that you can tame a pet, but damn, with a slow game like this where it takes years to finish a monologue. No thanks.If there was just a way to skip all that or at least speed the text. I'd expected more options with the year 2013-14. What are you guys thinking *facepalm* -_-."
76561198050504492,Not Recommended,237890,10585462,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Srs Bisnis,"Agarest: Generations of War feels like a clumsy, watered-down Disgaea clone. This isn't terrible because it has streamlined the experince quite a bit, but it some aspects have been simplified too much.Pros:-Good special and combo attack system.-Tutorial sequence is far better than most other games in the genre.-Graphics are nice.-Voices are in Japanese rather than a low-budget dub.-Story isn't cringe-inducing.Cons:-The battles are too small to be very interesting with the system this game has.-Giving the player 10,000 gold is not DLC.-An awkward translation sometimes interferes with gameplay.-The story often feels disjointed. I don't know if this is the translation's fault or not.Verdict:If you like tactical RPGs, then go ahead and get this if it's on sale. Otherwise stay away."
76561198074886139,Recommended,237890,10838624,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Djagovisck,Muito bom.
,Recommended,237890,7816026,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nova,5:41 PM - Turkey Bunny: SQUEEEE5:41 PM - Turkey Bunny: Cute little soldiers!5:42 PM - Turkey Bunny: Lookitthem.5:42 PM - Turkey Bunny: Some have bear-ears.5:42 PM - Turkey Bunny: CUTE BEAR EARED THINGS
,Recommended,237890,7753868,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,明石,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,237890,7751701,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Azulupus,"This game is awesome, It's interesting and very visualy pleasing"
,Not Recommended,237890,8613434,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Maleko,"Honestly, this game is a monumental waste of time.  The whole thing is built on the concept of time padding to fill out a play through.  The battle system is constatnly used against you, though you can easily turn that around and be just as cheap, yet it doesn't help when bosses and even (more than likely) random monsters will have so much more AP than you do.  There's just something wrong with a game when bosses are easier than the random encounters that come before hand.The characters in general are all bland and basically have no character developement between the start and near the end.  The heroines of each generation really require no reason to start liking you other than the game deems it so, so why honestly even have it in there at this point?  It's all just shoveled into your face to accept and move on.  Even if you can get a decent character you like, they end up either disappearing after a certain generation, or they have no lines.To cut things short,  this game is bad.  I've already wasted more than enough money on it.  I hope you don't make the same mistake.  If something like this appeals to you, by all means, please play something like Ar Tonelico 1/2."
,Recommended,237890,7799568,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ryoma,"Pretty solid game, it has some interesting combat mechanics that reminds me of FF Tactics with smaller fighting areas the gameplay is unforgiving to the unexperienced, and those that just want to strong-arm their way through you need to actually think during every battle, and plan out your turns in advance if you can, etc., campaign have at least 80 hours of gameplay with good replay value. The story is interesting (it have some generic JRPG cliches but not isn't that bad if you are used to the genre) and it should keep you entertained the crafting system is complex and rewarding also the ""generations"" idea is awesome.This isn't a game to be played with ezmode mindset (it can feel grueling at times) but was persona series ever quick and painless either? The hard difficulty setting is challenging and requires a good amount of strategy and grind (unless you are playing with DLC weapons). Good amount of customization and options for all your characters.I strong recommend this game to JRPG fans and people who want something different that isn't bog standard western bioware-esc-style rpg. The game is worth it's price (i've pre-ordered it!) I hope Ghostlight bring the other Agarest games to Steam i'll definitely buy them!"
76561198043850827,Recommended,237890,9668474,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Copycat,Waifu Wars The Game.That is all.
,Recommended,237890,7783579,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Valorian Endymion,"Since it was on greenlight I was looking forward to it.  And now I can say it was worth the waiting, in fact I found the game even better that I expect.While might not be everyone´s taste, Agarest is fine jrpg with lots of hour play, good characters, good use of dating sim/generation system and lot of rule systems like old jrpgs.Another positive points are: good localization, original japanese audio and nice soundtrack.Issues? very few, maybe the dlc is a bit unbalanced, but you can disable it before you start, battles might get a bit repetitive if you play for very long, but nothing serious.I really recommend this game if you like a good jrpg."
,Not Recommended,237890,10556508,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sycraft,"Just boring overall. There is little to do other than repetitive tactical battles, the story is forgettable and the rest is just meh. While you might look at it and hope for something like Final Fantasy Tactics, that is not what you are getting.Pass on this, it is a waste of money, even on sale."
,Not Recommended,237890,8774744,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kneo24,"This game is a significant time sink. The amount of time I spent getting nowhere in this game was irksome. I made it up to generation 3 and quit playing. Why? You spend hours upon hours grinding for this or that unless you want to abuse the system. This isn't the 80's or 90's anymore. Forcing us to grind to artificially inflate the games logevity isn't a good idea.Agarest does have a lot of crafting options... but it becomes tedious afterwhile. This is where the constant partially comes into play. Grind for material, craft weapon. Craft for said material again, craft weapon, grind for other matieral, use weapon in upgrading. One of the in game achievements is actually having one of every item in your inventory. You can imagine how terrible this becomes over time.The plot is mediocre at best. I almost wanted to care about the characters and what they were doing, but the writing just didn't pull me in enough. I think part of the problem was that the main hero kept switching. You never really saw them evolve. In fact, you really never see any of the characters evolve. They stay almost exactly the same through out the whole game.The gameplay would have been fine IF you weren't forced into a constant grind. I like JRPG's, but this game just rubs me the wrong way."
76561198064059514,Recommended,237890,11612532,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Vevit,"This is a JRPG, prepare to grind, while also trying to conserve your turns and follow a linear path. The anime girls and kick♥♥♥♥♥sons make up for it though. Few people finish this game, can you?"
76561198057597652,Recommended,237890,9783747,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sealaz,"A word of note before you buy this game: i guarantee you will not like this game if you never touched a jrpg in your life. (repetitive, even more so for this kind of game)Alright now lets get started.So, what to say about this game? is it bad? no. Is it good? debatable.The concept of agarest is basically dating sim + Srpg and it works pretty well.The story is about a guy who one day goes white knight for this random elf chick, dies or something, gets revived by this other random chick and so on. To put it shortly it is a very generic story, but it is by all means not a bad story, just bland.One thing that is very nice is the art. All the characters and backgrounds are drawn very nicely, with nice bright colors everything looks polished and clean. The sprites are very detailed and even some of the bosses are even in 3D, which i thought was a nice touch.The ""morality"" system in the game, represented by light and dark, is changed by your decisions made in the game, and this decisions in turn also affect your love interests opinion of you. At the end of each generation you can choose who you get to marry, and get a nice CG of the girl of your choice. ;)There is also alot of fan service in this game....god girls in this game don't know how to eat.The gameplay, this is where i start to see some rough spots. When i first played this game i was a little dissapointed by the grid like map and how simplistic it felt. unlike similar games like Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactics Ogre where the environment actually affects your strategy in a way, like placing your troops on a hill or on top of a building, or rivers and mountains blocking a path etc. Although there are certain grids that give your characters bonuses in Agarest they felt kind of tact on and doesn't really add much to the gameplay. All in all the grid system in agarest isn't a bad system, but compared to other games maps it just  doesn't really feel immersive.In conclusion, its not a bad game, the dating sim concept was an intresting idea and the game has a nice presentation, but the meat and bones of the game felt a little bare compared to other games of this genre. Get it if its on sale and you are a fan of srpgs, if your not, i suggest you find better titles of the same genre like tactics ogre because i bet you will stop touching this game within a few hours."
,Not Recommended,237890,10557299,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NinjaBreadMen,"Fun combat and a typically epic plot (lords, ladies and civil war... etc) but very repeptetive.Although the tile-based fights are well done, and make you think about each one of your characters, the game throws the exact same challenges at you repeatedly, with no new enemies or threats. Dissapointing as it was fun, but after the fifth time you've done the same slow, turn-based fight, you kinda lose interest: Or at least I did.I never got far enough to enjoy the generation aspect of the game, so maybe it all opens up and becomes better then. But it wasn't for me."
,Recommended,237890,8990951,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Forks,"It's a dating sim meets Tactical RPG; however, the 'tactics' part begins with and ends with the grid layout of the battlefield. The only 'tactics' in the game involves 'positions' where you can combo the attacks on a single target. The story is... actually quite good, but the battles are very lack lustre. The writing just seemed too simple and played out like a dating sim at the end of the day with too many cliches.The battlefield is always flat. There are no 'tactical' advantageous positions that you can take advantage like Final Fantasy Tactics."
,Recommended,237890,9657292,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,LaughMask,"Imagine Final Fantasy Tactics on Crack, or a more mature version of Disgaea.  The amount of strategy involved with this game in each fight is intense, the way you set up your characters is not only unique, but impressive.  It's not just ""Okay, time to buy the toughest items and head out!""  Wrong!  You also need new abilities, and combinging them makes you do so much more damange, and having your character positioned just right, could either win the fight, or lose it.  If you're a big time fan of turn based strategy games, or even a fan of Japanese RPG's, I suggest you pick this up."
,Recommended,237890,8803432,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Maeka,So I've been playing this game for a little while and I enjoy it so far. I love the storyline and the anime style characters are lovely.
,Recommended,237890,7301532,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Crescence Toran,"You get your own personal Three-girl harem... x5. Five generations of harem, at your service!"
,Recommended,237890,14657604,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ice Cube,"Good game , That girl make me erection."
76561198173482494,Recommended,237890,14611648,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,nvalle915,This game is a lot of fun. My only complaint is that there is no option for english dub.
,Recommended,237890,14710968,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SilverWolfe,I absolute love this game. I've already bought the other two and bought again on my xbox 360.
76561197980367727,Recommended,237890,14712469,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LeoDLuffy,"This is your typical J-RPG. I have only currently played a few hours into it, it does have some interesting mechanics, in an almost board game style movement system.The movement system allows a type of synergy style play which allows for some interesting strategy.The art style is as expected wonderful, and the music is good fun with wonderful mix of Japanese pop metal.There is a LOT to read in the tutorials at the start explain so much so quickly that it is a little daunting, but the more you stick with it the faster you start stringing together attacks and enjoying a more rewarding combat style.Two things I would say is if you intend on taking on this game, then firstly I would expect the play to get better after a good few hours, this is not a game that you can see everything it has to offer up front, as with most games of this type they reward hard work, nothing is simply given to you. And secondly take the tutorials slowly, as it is easy to get overwhelmed and miss how certain things work propley. The tutorials does a good job of explaing a lot, but does seem to brush over some of the more basic elements which I had to have a think about in order to get the most out of it. I would tackle this when you have a few hours to sit down and learn how to play.From what I have played so far I can reccomend this to anyone who enjoy's J-RPG's and anyone who like a varied and synegristic turn based combat system.Look forward to trying some more"
76561198173994755,Recommended,237890,14717440,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,normanbartlett,Love the game
76561198067177225,Recommended,237890,14680869,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DG,"Agarest has two aspects - a quite complex turn based combat system and a semi-animated storyline. The mechanics for combat and character development do actually work and are actually interesting, however there is far too much of everything. Too many fights, too many complicated recipes, too many item components, too many kills required to get a title, too many titles, even too many generations. You need a mindset that feels satisfied when grinding things out. I liked the art, storyline, and characters but some people will not like the 'fan service', in other words the images of scantily clad women to keep adolescent Japanese boys happy.The voice acting is still in Japanese with subtitles but I almost preferred that. The combat graphics are low quality by modern standards. It does feel like a port from a console game."
76561198140032129,Not Recommended,237890,15249442,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Soki_25,"**TL;DR below**I pretty much love JRPG’s, playing games from series like final fantasy and shin megami tensei. I also do enjoy a good SRPG playing Fire Emblem and Tactics Ogre so when I saw what Agarest GOW had to offer I was really interested at first, only to find that for anything that I found I like about this game there was an equal flaw that kinda ruined it for me. I will start with what the game offers along with what I liked about it and what ruined it for me.Story:The game starts off with the main character (MC) questioning the actions of the kingdom he serves until finally he decided to deflect for the greater good only to have been killed shortly after. He was then revived and given power by a lady in exchange that he and his descendants have to give their lives to seal the darkness that is slowly but surely spreading across the world. The story spans over 5 generations and each one having interesting events, new characters and light humour to keep you engaged. Also since the MC needs his descendants to give up their lives as well he will have to choose a wife. Depending on which wife you choose the offspring will be able to equip different weapons, have different abilities as well as different stat growths. What also defines the offspring would be how much affection the lady had towards the MC, this can be raised or lowered depending on different choices you make the higher the affection, the stronger the offspring. I have yet to play an RPG that span over several generations but Agarest has it done right for the most part, with distinct characters and different ordeals each generation faces I found myself constantly wondering what will happen next while playing.Gameplay:The game progresses with you choosing which point on a map to move such as towns, certain landmarks and the occasional dungeons between each of these places there are battle points that you must battle and win to be able to advance. Most of the time you will be travelling from town to town to trigger events to progress through the story and sometimes you may have to complete a dungeon to progress.Combat is this game plays like an SRPG you move your party of up to 6 across a grind map and perform various skills to take down your foes. Here is where it gets interesting, each character has something called an extended grind whereby if another ally stands on this grind they are link and can chain their abilities together, this allows for huge combos, flashy and satisfying visuals as well as strategic and tactical movement to be able to link all your characters together. On top of that combining certain attacks together will result in a secret art that does high damage to take down your foe much faster. This combat system was very fun to play at first as I found myself trying to mix and match different attacks to uncover different secret arts as well as finding to most effective way to take down my opponent.Apart from that you will be levelling up your party, trying to get new equipment, uncover new skills and resupply your consumable items for the next major fight.Music:Music is pretty much the only thing in this game that didn’t come with something to ruin for me. Most of the tracks are very suiting for the moment such as the fast paced boss themes to the soothing tunes when the characters are having a heart to heart talk. It was good to the point where sometimes I would just paused the game just to listen to it. Though it isn’t as good as music composed by Nobuo Uematsu or Michiru Yamane they certainly have a special place in my heart.What ruined it for me:Alright now for the where i will get slapped with comments on how I am a casual that can’t appreciate this game or me whining like a little kid and saying that I am too young for this game.Although I did enjoy the story for the game what ruined it for me was the ending and how ridiculously dumb it is to obtain the true end. Essentially the game has 3 ending bad, normal and true ending though it would be more precise to name them worst, bad and good ending as getting anything but the true ending will make you feel like you have wasted your time. (I got the normal ending FYI) So how do you obtain the true ending? It boils down to you having to follow a strict set of choices to make that is pretty much impossible to do unless you have a guide and by strict I mean very strict, one misclick for a decision or doing something in the wrong order and you can kiss your true end good bye. No game should make it this hard to get the true end and it kinda ruined it for me as I had to make decisions not based on my sound judgement but simply because if it is needed in the true end. Another thing that ruined it for me was how they transited to each event, there wasn’t like walk around then a cutscene occurs or do something then you progress through the story. It is literally just get from point A to point B see event then move to point C then watch event then move to point D watch event fight story battle watch event all while having to fight unnecessary battle points between each point. Basically the pace of the game was very formulaic and didn’t feel natural its always fight battle points watch event fight battle points watch event rise repeat with some dungeons on the side that do little to change things up.Gameplay was also ruined for me simply because it is very slow and the game overstays its welcome. This game will take you about 60-80 hours to complete the main story yup just the main story! Now this wouldn’t be a problem if the combat wasn’t so slow, you will be fighting a lot of non-story related battle and since you can’t flee you have to fight and win but each fight is just so slow it will get repetitive very fast, seriously I got bored of the combat at the third generation. Now there is an auto function whereby an AI will take over and do the fight for you but the AI is dumb like really dumb, most of the time they will waste each turn killing one monster when there is a chance to kill them all also since they are dumb, expect your characters to die stupid deaths simply because the AI doesn’t know how to position your party. Honestly you will get bored of the gameplay very quickly and I found myself feeling like “let’s get this battle over and done with so I can progress with the story” at the later parts of the game.Another thing that could be an issue is that getting equipment in the game which is a huge, unnecessary and tiresome process. The shop will never update its stock unless you do crafting however you cannot craft weapons unless you have the crafting books for it and most of these books are hidden in dungeons that are very hard to navigate through so unless you look up a map online you are unlikely to loot everything in the dungeon. What does this mean? Well you could possibly be screwed and not be able to craft the weapon you want as all the crafting books are interlink example you have crafting books 1, 2 and 4 but not 3 but in order to craft weapons from book 4 you need components that can only be crafted from book 3 so yeah say goodbye to that new sword you were so eager to get your hands on. There is simply just too much unnecessary grinding in this game and it does not feel rewarding sadly.Overall Agarest has a good foundation for a SRPG, JRPG hybrid but overdid the things that made it fun to the point where you will start to hate it, a perfect example of “too much of a good thing becomes bad” and many other outstanding game flaws that is compensated with some mild fan service, seriously just google that♥♥♥♥♥♥as googling won’t cost you money! Of course if you are a hardcore SRPG lover or a completionist this game is right up your alley with many minor things for you to uncover just for game completion sake and many achievements to unlock.TL;DR: Unless you are a hardcore SRPG fan or a completionist don’t get this game"
,Recommended,237890,14676411,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tiadora,"It made me unconfortable! I can't play this game smoothly with 1600*900, and some control steeings are antihuman for a PC joystick player.BTW, characters in battle are rough.But,hmmmmm,I like its graghics."
,Recommended,237890,14776148,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Revii Lagoon,"First and foremost, this is very much a niche game, it is not for everyone. What really drew me in to playing so much of the game, doing two playthroughs, was the combat system. At it's core, Agarest GoW is a tactical turn based strategy RPG, and it does that very well. Combat is interesting, complex, and full of depth. It isn't perfect though, each battle can last for several minutes due to a few factors. First being archaic pre-determined load times of battles, you can have GoW on a SSD, have it load in miliseconds, yet all the battles take 30 seconds to load the enemies and players. Combat animations can be skipped, which helps, but it still doesn't speed up the process of setting up your attacks, which is fun, but time consuming.Story wise, GoW has a great, and very long main story. With any of the DLC weapons to get through the early generations quickly, you are looking at a 125+ hour story, and without them, it could easly be 150+ hours, before you get to the final boss. The story is an epic tale of a world slowly being consumed by darkness, and you fight, literally for over 100 years, to save the world, which is slowly being taken over by demon armies. Most of the characters are very interesting, and have their own unique personalities and motivations. You really do get a feeling that you know who a character is, and why they are there, it just might take some time to flesh out a character. Oh, and there are a lot of playable characters, 30+ in fact, from all the generations, not including nearly every enemy in the game which can be turned into a party member if you choose to do so. You really do have a large variety of characters and skill sets to choose from, and each generation change always forces you to change up your party members and play style in some way.One other issue I had was that in order to get the most out of seeing all the events and experiencing the game, you need to play through the perfect path. Pre-post game stuff, as well as the full post game doesn't even unlock unless you follow a very specific set path of choices throughout the game. If you want the most out of the game, you really do need to follow a perfect path guide.What made me kept playing was simply how much fun the combat was, up until post-game, the combat was very diverse and interesting. Post-game however really devolves into a cheese fest where you use the cheeziest stratigies in order to beat bosses. Who would think you can kill gods, dragons, demons, devils, and all sorts of mythical creatures using grass as your primary weapon.One last note about the DLC, the weapons are powerful, some of which are nearly as powerful as the strongest weapons in the game. They really do save a lot of time though, because let's face it, there is a lot of grinding for things. Even with powerful weapons, in generation 3 and beyond you can easily die to bosses if you aren't careful.If you are a fan of Strategy RPG's, love a good story, and don't mind putting 125+ hours into a game, Agarest Generations of War is for you."
76561198033992409,Recommended,237890,14774037,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zafkiel,"Great gameplay, great story (especially if you get the ""true end""), great characters.Would recomend for strategy lovers, anime lovers."
76561198017134794,Recommended,237890,15403412,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,MrBowen,"This game is very fun, there is a glaringly annoying thing though and that is the lack of an autosave.  I grew up on games that required attentive saving but that was also during the times when saving was only allowed at specific locations.This is something that is super easy to add and should be a staple imho.Good systems for combat though and fun itemization.  Story has so far been interesting"
,Recommended,237890,14785032,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Awptimus,Really nice story!This game is exciting and will keep anyone to keep on playing more but you have to be smart for the affection :))
76561198045876369,Recommended,237890,15714128,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZZZZzzz,"best game in the world, made love with many waifus, 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,237890,7755038,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,booke,holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥its like final fantasy tactics with a little ecchi whats not to like
76561198068336736,Recommended,237890,11285829,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Nekrolust,Great game with ridiculous amounts of gameplay ive put in quite a bit of game time and am apparenty nowhere near the end
,Recommended,237890,11231244,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Vaellin The Bard,"For those that meet me in person, I often talk about this game. Agarest is, as I have defined it, a ""dating sim tactics game."" So far, it is not raunchy, which is something I appreciate, and the story is interesting and doesn't treat you like a complete idiot. This surprised me as at one point I had to make a couple of logic jumps, ones that would make sense in the real world but is often fit in awkwardly in RPGs.The concept, by the way, is simple. You, the hero, are stuck in a war between good and evil. As a member of the ""dark"" forces, you question your role and break away. Immediately you recruit people and, in particular, a goddess (I think) and three girls who are said to be drawn to you. You, the hero, must make choices between light and dark, which girl you want to end up with, and several other things. THE GIRL YOU PICK MATTERS as whoever you choose changes your descendent, which you play as! There is, in essence, several stories in one (5 to be total). I will confess, I have not played enough of this game to know the quality of the rest of the story, but it is a good solid game. I've been playing for hours and have ventured very slowly across the board. Also, I find it fun that you can miss two of the girls you could end up with.Combat-wise, I'm impressed. I have played several tactics games and notice many will implement their own little feature. Disgaea had stacking, for example. This game has AP and linking fights. AP is used for everything. Use a skill? It costs AP. Use an item? AP please! Move? Well there's an AP. You get AP at intervals (usually when the character's turn comes up, but I'll get to the part where it doesn't). So long as you have the AP you can keep fighting. Some skills are no longer useable due to range or other reasons I have yet to determine, but most of the time you can use five skills if you absolutely wish. Sometimes it's worth waiting though, even if it means getting a hit, so that your partner can swoop in. This is ""linking"" (they use another word for it but I forget that). Each character has particular squares that link to each other which means that if it is their turn or someone else's turn who they are linked to, they can join the fight. It helps since my strongest mage as abyssmal move speed but my secondary mage has a decent travel time. I often have the second mage move up (or the hero) and use them to make combo moves (they have those too!) and defeat the enemies. It means you have to be constantly aware of your character's positioning because moves often move you and break the link, but it opens up so much more in the ways of strategy.Characters are customizable too! Each level you get points to distribute and each weapon opens up slots to put skills in. There are some obvious limitations, though, but that adds a spice and makes a hell of a lot of sense. For example, my first mage can increase her int for very cheap, her luk and agi for a decent amount, but avoid Vit and Str at all cost!Anyway, this game is quickly becoming a favorite. I'm not as far as I wish to make a solid review but it easily gets an 8.5/10 from me"
76561198169078438,Recommended,237890,20961687,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,toasted almond,"This is my first review of any game. Just saying. HOWEVER, Agarest deserves my review, even if my critique skills are poor.If you read this, please read it through. :3What even is this game?Agarest: Generations of War is a turn-based RPG, using a system of tiles as a playing field, where your characters can move and attack opposing enemies. Simple, right? Kind of. (we'll get into that later). But, for now, realize that this game is a turn-based RPG with a visual-novel story-telling method and a TON of stats to consider. (which I love).StoryThe story in this game is interesting. I like it because of it's simplicity, yet there are mysteries to solve (if you pay attention) and lore to uncover. It takes place in a magical land where Humans and other various species (like Elves) are at war. There is a backstory about light and dark, and dark lords and such, but you read that in the beginning of the game, so you can do that.Overall, it's not a bad story. However, since I haven't finished the game, I cannot give a complete answer. Howver so far it takes my interest.CharactersEach character in this game is unique in their own ways (which is a must for RPG's, and any game for that matter). So far, I feel no ""emotional"" attatchment to any of them, and I honestly don't think I ever will. This isn't ""bad"", but to some it's undesirable. To me, all that matters is character interaction, personality, how they play in the story, their lore, and their designs. All of these are present in the game.Battle SystemI'll explain in short: you move your characters to the desired spaces (calle the Move Phase), and make them face directions.Directions matter. Depending on their direction, certain characters can couple and attack WITH the character you move. Every character has move sets specific to them, their weapon, and their armor piece (forgot the name). Each move has an element, number of hits, range and AP cost (you regain after each cycle). So, switching weapons not only changes your stats, but it also changes your moveset with different elements. The Arts abilities are combonations of attacks, in which characters MUST be coupled. Special Arts are combos of Arts. (So you can see how much variety there can be).This is personal, but I LOVE stat-heavy games such as this. Some people don't, but for me it adds a nice strategy element,You would have to play the game to understand how AP and SP works, and how the battle system works. Because, in realitythis is the whole game. (With the exception of exploring areas and towns, which contain Blacksmiths, Item Shops, etc).ProsGreat ArtInteresting Battle SystemPar storyHUGE amount of gameplay hoursStory decisionsInteresting Generation system *Fun to playConsRepetitive at timesPremium upgrade makes beginning easy as HECKOther little nit-picks (like how towns are not free roaming)*Depending on who you marry (out of 3 girls), the next generation will have differing stats, a unique and cool feature.ConclusionI bought all three games for $17.99 on the winter sale, and I am not dissapointed. I love the fan-base, and love the game. Cannot wait to get farther into it, and to start the other two games.Honestly, they are great and this game is the perfect starter to the series (even if Agarest Zero is the prequel). So,if you're wondering ""Should I buy it? It looks kinda cool"" then don't hesitate. Just get it. If your a fan of these kind of games, you won't be dissapointed.END OF REVIEW :)"
,Recommended,237890,26058213,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kage_No_Mirai,"Although the battles do get some what repetitive, the story always leaves me wanting to come back for more."
76561198014566896,Not Recommended,237890,10294154,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,crymsonpheonix,"I'm very torn on this game. I want to like it. I really, really want to like it. The idea's are nice, the art is nice enough (It's fairly good, if over-reused, sprite art), the music is meh, and the mechanics are fairly easy to grasp. The characters are unique, it's heavy on fan service, and the story tries to draw you in. This game definitely lends itself more to a keyboard and mouse than a controller, so the PC probably actually makes it better.The problems with this game are many however. Mainly it lacks focus, there is too much going on, too much to balance, to many things to think about, too many choices with very non obvious results. Reading a wiki about this game made it both *much* easier, and *much more fun* which is a low mark for me. Great RPG's (FFVI, Dragon Age, Kotor, Breath of Fire) were extremely fun to play a few times without a guide, and then more fun to play again later with a guide. This game also has a habit of becoming tedious, repetitive battles with no point, and the grinding, oh the grinding.But the worst part, the part that absolutely ruins the game for me is the translation. It is awful. It's terrible. It is so disjointed and unnatural and painful It stops me from playing. I cannot stress enough how much this hurts, especially in a visual novel style game.If you buy a few of the OP weapon packs (which I got for pre-ordering) you can skip the endless grinding and put the game on auto, and if you ignore most of the dialogues, and if you read a good walkthrough this game isn't too bad. Still, I can't recommend it."
76561198089551029,Recommended,237890,15260504,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,kurosakikun96,"My only problem with this game is the base games bonus items, you get them the moment you start a new game, and they make you incredibly overpowered right off the bat, but apart from that this game is magnificent, the art is like classic strategy games, with the overhead view in combat, while the cutscenes are anime style images of your characters, the voice acting is magnificent, though if you don't like reading you will have a problem, as the voices are in Japanese, and the story is great, even in the 1st Generation you get glimpses of the plot for the entire game"
76561198105773820,Recommended,237890,14796528,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Visika,"Agarest has been a game I long wanted since I seen the collector's edition sitting in gamestop. However, as much of a final fantasy and turn based strat game lover I am, the FF Tactics like graphics/gameplay turned me away. The biggest mistake I believe I made honestly.Since purchasing this game, I have been immersed in the story, the dating sim, and combat of this game. The gameplay seems to be quite continuous, which I enjoy that the only slowness from the games comes from me stopping to go over status, items and the like. The music is really good, in my opinion as well. I'm thrilled with most of the music in this game.Aside from the graphics being outdated, the gameplay itself rivals Fire emblem and aside from the lack of an in depth tutorial or information menu, the game seemingly welcomes new players. I've been playing on Normal with only a few roadblocks stopping me in the beginning with strategies and the like getting me killed. Thats about all I have to say."
76561198019811561,Recommended,237890,12993247,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Darroc,Waifu Simulator 2000x Weaboo Version 1.0 with some RPG gameplay elements.
76561198057668160,Recommended,237890,14171255,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,zathath,"At first, I didn't like it. A year later, tried again, oh my god, got over 400 hours playing. Don't need to say much about it now, is it? If you guys want to beat the game without the bonus dungeon, it's still a good game. I was able to get a lot of titles easier than I thought at first."
,Recommended,237890,14457205,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,east boast,anime tiddies *clap clap*
,Recommended,237890,7999372,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,BITE ME UNIVERSE,"Agarest: Generations of War is the 3rd game in the series and the first JRPG/VN that I have ever bought (not my first period, first PURCHASED). The story is great and the setting is original. The only other game that has a story  almost as unique as this one is Star Ocean.Characters archtypes are the usual and typical kind, but it doesn't make the game any less fun.Its battle style is nothing that I have ever encountered before. Movement and character placement is almost like a game of chess, requiring strategy during movement and battles with your pieces having a preset placement, and knowing your pieces' abilities when attacking can be beneficial to taking out the enemy. If you enjoy chess you'll enjoy this game.I preordered the game and got all the DLC free. As the frist game that I have ever gotten DLC for (in the beginning of the game), and I find it to break the game. It makes it absolutely no fun. I had to turn it off to enjoy the adventure part. Running through a game completely invincible is next to pointless unless its after you completed the game. Get the DLC after you complete it."
,Not Recommended,237890,20060773,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Vi,"Don't be fooled by the ""Mostly Positive"" review rating on the store page, this game is a huge borefest. Interesting ideas on paper, especially this thing about the game being spread over generations where you play as the sons of the previous gens characters, but when put on action it fails to entertain. Unless you are willing to stand up to the unnecessarily long repetitive battles, the 3-5 music themes this game seems to have playing over and over, and story/dialogues so cliché to anime-type stuff. If you really can't help yourself and for some reason you NEED to try this game out, wait for it to go on sale, I got it for just 2-3 dollars during one of the Steam summer sales and even then I felt like wanting to ask for a refund. It's THAT bad."
,Recommended,237890,15710468,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,tim_316,pretty good game enjoying the story line of it. Tho it has taken to the echhi side of thing not a bad thing but still would have liked it to be less that way.
76561198010375948,Not Recommended,237890,15895084,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fishmaker,"Game would be amazing, and I might actually play it if the camera didnt make me want to punch myself in the face by jerking back and forth between avatars in battle. Wish it would just stay still and let me control the focus.Makes the game unplayable and that makes me sad."
,Recommended,237890,8314013,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ProximatedNuke,If you love old style rpg's this game is a must buy.As a Dragon Quest lover this  game is the closest thing to my rpg likings.The dlc bundle in the game is a bit gamebreaking but just dont use the weapons early on and it should be ok and the game experience will be perfect
,Recommended,237890,9829726,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Light Saviour,Great JRPG.An awesome Soul Breed System for new generation.Love Story.10/10
76561198008724226,Recommended,237890,14080983,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kron,"The game is brilliant, but only with few remarks:1)Not everyone will be satisfied with graphics. It's highly outdated.2)The fights are terribly BORING, you will have to fight through LOTS of simular battles and soon you'll find yourself skipping battles.The main reasons for me to play this game are story and relationships system. There are lots of funny, touching, sad dialogs and it was very easy for me to sympathize to every character in my team.So, if you value story, characters and dialogs, you will be amazed by this game."
,Not Recommended,237890,8025231,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Edelritter,"Do yourself a favour and avoid this game. Everything it attempts to do has already been done in a more elegant and satisfying way by other games.I found the SRPG combat to be boring—boring, that is, unless you forget to turn off the DLC included in the game, which grants you a full set of end-game gear that is so overpowering as to make combat completely trivial. The Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, Disgaea or Super Robot Wars games all offer a much more satisfying experience.While the setup for the plot is good—it's the same that Code Geass had, and that turned out great—the writing is terrible. The main character is shown as a bleeding-heart sentimentalist who deserts from his very first battle and latches hard onto a random elf girl, not just saving her but putting a spur-of-the-moment promise to protect her above his life (hell, above his soul). Every time dialogue scenes came up I had the unpleasant, immersion-breaking feeling of ""real people wouldn't say or do this."" For a SRPG with good writing pick up the remake of Final Fantasy Tactics for iOS or Disgaea.You like the ability to choose your own heroine? Der Langrisser (get it for a SNES emulator) did this back in the 90s along with branching plotlines, tons of different endings, great art and music, and an excellent (and challenging) combat system with class changes.You like intergenerational dramas? Fire Emblem did this in the 90s with Genealogy of the Holy War. There's a fan translation patch out that you can enjoy on a SNES emulator. The most current title, Fire Emblem Awakening for the 3DS, absolutely nails this aspect too. If you own a 3DS, for the love of god get Fire Emblem Awakening. If you don't own a 3DS and you are a SRPG fan, you might want to purchase the system just for that game.There is just nothing to recommend in Agarest: Generations of War save maybe the art and the music. Seriously, don't get this."
76561198082561115,Not Recommended,237890,33661789,Posted: 19 July,all,Jon,"If you are here becuase something or someone told you this is a good Final Fantasy Tactics PC replacement... it's not... not even close. After discovering this game had little similarities, I wanted to give it a chance anyway. After fighting five of the exact same battles in a row, I was done. One day... before I die, I hope, FFT will finally have a PC port. I wish I hadn't played more than 2 hours, that's how much I liked this game."
,Not Recommended,237890,13728771,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Banana Sam,"While there are some genuinely interesting ideas here, the game simply features too many shallow, slow paced battles.  Literally hundreds of battles that offer fairly low strategic depth beyond positioning your characters so they chain attacks together.Only recommended for those who really, really enjoy repetitive SRPG combat."
,Not Recommended,237890,13729371,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Light,"As a loving fan of games like Final Fantasy Tactics; I'm extremely disappointed by the lack of critical strategy elements required to make for a good strategy game.A majority of critical information to formulate strategies is missing!You have no idea how strong a skill/spell is compared to another; Nor do you have any idea what the potential damage on an enemy will be.  There's nothing on hit rate, there's simplynothing!During combat, it's downright impossible to know what choices to make.  You end up dealing with a lot of trial and error, and using characters valued action points, all because you don't know anything.   It's infuriating to overkill an enemy well beyond what's necessary, only for you to have no points to deal with the other enemies on the map.In short, you can't formulate effective strategies to quickly overcome the odds.  This makes combat slow and frustrating, to the point you feel like you're not really getting anywhere. It's a chore.The only plus to Agarest is the nice artwork. You surely won't find any joy in being a tactician like you'd get in better games."
76561197999379421,Not Recommended,237890,12310778,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"Let me be clear: I thought long about actually purchasing it and the reason for that were the negative reviews. The reason why I still bought it in the end were the positive reviews, where almost everyone with a (seemingly) sense for this kind of games said it is still worth it.After picking it up and playing some: I have to disagree! I am used to grinding a lot, I am used to face the same enemies in a row for some battles. But I am definitely not used to what this game wanted to do to me. The battles got repetitive after the second one! Yes, the second battle after the tutorial was already: ""Oh, exactly the same enemies ... well, I guess I will do the same thing as last time then ...""This is a really bad omen. But I continued, having glanced at the combination-system in battles, the item-upgrading and stuff and the character development.I also had some weapons from some DLC's or so (The game doesn't tell you anything...) which were 10x as powerful as your other stuff. Which means I kept onehitting everything (I play on hard) with the characters that can equip such a weapon and couldn't deal any damage with all the other characters. I now know those weapons can be disabled, but seriously? This is such bad design, it is stunning!There are issues on so many levels with the game that I really can't recommend it to even the biggest JRPG-fan. The combat-system has some potential, but the way you should be slowly approaching this potential is done so horribly wrong, I am not even interested in encountering this part of the game anymore. And that doesn't happen a lot with me. The story itself seems okay to me, however the way you interact with it is strange. Sometimes your girls ask you which one you like more. No problems in determining how each one of them reacts. But there are other decisions where you (as you don't really know enough) just decide something and then "".... ah, she likes me more. No idea why, but it said affection up WOW"".The next thing is the weird look. I don't know who had the idea to have the characters in a 2d pixel-style and the surroundings in a 3D modern look. With very poor details, by the way. It would help (and probably be a lot easier to make even) to have this consequent. By the way, this grass / wood- type area you fought in in the tutorial in a forest (where it makes sense) will reappear anywhere. Unless you are in a cave, then the area is in a cave and rocky. However, the are always looks the same. Oh, you were on a road, let me make that a forest clearing for you so we can use this area again. Really, this played a huge part in the repetitive feeling I got after some fights.I am going to play some more tens of hours of Ogre battles now because that is how you do tactical and challenging combat with options! Or Fire Emblem, because I feel that even this brings me to care for the characters a lot more than agarest did. Which, in the end, is one of the worst things that can happen in such a game.Overall, I can't really explain why I feel this bad about Agarest. Maybe because I was doubting first, then decided to go for it and am pretty disappointed now. Maybe the points I listed are really all big flaws or the game just doesn't suit me. I just feel that there are better JRPGs concerning combat, better ones concerning the overall story and plot and especially better ones in making me care about my characters. Which, as I said before, is normally where the incentive in those games lies."
76561198085887387,Not Recommended,237890,20009127,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,erikn1982,"Aghast:  Generations of BoredomFor the life of me i can't see why this game is so highly rated.Story line:  A cookie cutter, fill in the blank, standard story from practically any JRPG you've ever played.  Every play Suikoden?  Get ready for the same story.  Does this sound familiar?  ""Large kingdom attacks neighbors because darkness something something.  Son of famed general rallies smaller forces together and then squares off against the darkening, blah blah blah"".  Ever watch an fantasy Anime or play a Jrpg before?  Then you have.Characters:  Does this sound familiar?  You've got a ""White Knight""  A ""White Witch"" a ""Fire Witch""  A ""Black Knight"" a ""Theif"" a ""Animal Companion"" and a ""Valkyrie""  With personalities that go below and short of characters you would have seen in mid 90's JRPGs.Graphics:  Graphics?  Smaphics!   Nintendo era pixies.   ""Cutscene"" is just still frames of your standard saucer eye anime characters that look like every other anime or jrpg you have ever seen.Gameplay:  Ever play Disgea?  It's like that, but with out all that pesky ""fun"" getting in the way.   In fact alot of this basically is Disgea but without any Fun or Creativity or Imagination involved.Pay to Win:  Buy the full game.  Want to get to the end?  Spend the next decade of your life grinding to level up.  OR pay another 20 dollars or so on ""DLC"" for over powered items and the 4 different types of in game money so you can skip all that and just breeze through every fight even on hard.  The choices are endless.Openworld:  Hahah!  this is a JRPG.  Not only that but a Classic mode JRPG.  Doesn't even try to create the illusion of open world.    The world map looks like this >>>>>>>>>>>>  A straight line!  yay!Music:  A song for World map.  A similar song for Battle.  And a 3rd similar but slower song for emotions.Voice Acting:  It's all in japanese, so who the hell knows!?  Yes, we are far too lazy to pay 5 voice actors 5K to read these lines.  Far too much!  Maybe we will release some more DLC that adds nothing to the game and charge you for it.WTF is this garbage highly rated?  Who knows!  And they made 3 of these!!!  4 if you count Crosspoop."
76561198070432630,Not Recommended,237890,14022415,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Solid,"Conclusion first,  I like this game but not recommending it at all.8.5out of 10The system of this game is awesome:1.combo systems2.smithing systems3.point systems(tp,ep,pp and level-up points)There are lots of things you can do in this game,and it will be fun to discover them.It's free to choose your play style.However, the DLC reduce the difficulty and fun of this game.it makes everything too easy.If you want to play this game, i recommand you disabled all DLC and choose hard at the begining.It might be a rough time in generation 1, but you will find joys from the overcoming it.Overall, the game takes a long time to complete it, and I don't think everyone will enjoy this game"
,Recommended,237890,19985010,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caeser,"Great game, set game to 60fps in ini to double the game speed though. Too slow otherwise."
,Not Recommended,237890,8620533,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,seaside suicide,It's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,237890,14078416,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Solar Powered,"Yeah... no.I thought I'd be getting something like Fire Emblem: Awakening.  An SRPG with some romantic elements.  The problem is that the combat is pretty boring and takes a while.That on its own wouldn't be too bad if you could mitigate the fights, but then you get to the part where the fights are a random battle system, each one taking so long to complete.  Just 3 random battles after entering that part, I put the game down and will probably never play it again.It's too bad.  With some refining on the combat, it'd probably be a pretty good game.  I heard the sequel did that a little, but I haven't played it.  If you really want to play Agarest, do yourself a favor and let your curiousity take you to that one instead of this."
76561198046962626,Recommended,237890,8086684,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lives4trauma,"Overall Score: 06/10Fun Factor: It has it's moments, but can be frustrating in the begining.  Very repetitious.Controls: Easy to use, click with a mouse and keyboard. No issues.  Used a XBOX 360 USB controller and worked fantastic.Gamplay: Smooth and no lag.Graphics: Decent for what the game is.Sound: Works fine. No glitches.Music: Ok music, nothing super fancy or catchy.Content: A well done JRPG.Replayability: I would say yes.  Different ways to go about your adventure and story can change pending on how you choose certain things (trying to avoid spoilers).Price: I used a coupon and would recommend it.Conclusion: Overall its a pretty decent JRPG and would be a great addition to one's collection and provides that different type of play style if one so is looking for it."
,Not Recommended,237890,25257697,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Dr. Anime,"TL;DR: Good time waster, don't buy if you have a life, good for cards thoughNot a great game, but it's a good time waster and I really like the monster capturing mechanic. Reminds me of Shin Megami Tensei just not as good. I only reccomend this to people who hate themselves and don't mind staring at a screen yelling ""WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THESE WAIFU'S SO♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; for hours on end.  Honestly all I do is press Q for autobattle and watch youtube vids on my phone.  Battles take up 90% of the gameplay and it isn't fun at all.  Somewhat likeable characters, but the dialogue isn't next level and honestly the story is very linear.  Beat one gen, get waifu, get kid to carry on your destiny, repeat.  Hentai has a deeper story then this.  SAKURA CLICKER HAS MORE DEPTH TO IT.  I only got this game because it was in a bundle and was 50% off.  Do I regret the purchase? No, I got some good games out of it, but this isn't one of them.Save your money.  The 45/100 it has on Metacritic may seem harsh but is well deserved."
76561197991775195,Not Recommended,237890,14042575,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,afrobotics,"I could get past the bland story and characters if the gameplay looked like it might be interesting, unfortunately everything I've seen indicates this isn't the case. I really love Tactics games and I was excited when I saw this one, but I just didn't have fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,237890,11004512,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,♠Ivorai,"I fell into the temptation of getting this game because it was cheap.It turned out to be a bad idea, because I can't even force myself to get through the first generation. This game feels like chore to play. So, why don't I like this game?For starters, I have yet to run across a character I actually liked. I can't feel for any of them. And the story isn't really that compelling to run through. It's a rather bland piece. I've heard it gets better in Gen 3 or so, but if I can't be interested enough to get past the first generation, why the heck would I want to torture myself to get to the 'good part'?The gameplay itself wasn't really that great. It felt kinda sluggish. I just wanted to breeze through them so I can see the story. But I didn't like the story or characters, so I was trying to charge through two aspects of the game I did not like.Least the music was okay. Glad I got it on sale, because never getting another Agarest game."
,Recommended,237890,8344617,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Reiju,Nice Hot Sexy Game :P
,Recommended,237890,10188584,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Even in your multiplayer!,"Disgaea meets a dating sim. 10/10, waifu the elf loli"
,Not Recommended,237890,8975972,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Luke Barton,This game was was pretty bad.  Poor explanation of game mechanics.  Story is boring.  Dating simulation is boring.  The Persona games are 100 times better than this.  I could not finish this game cause of the poor quality so I can not recommend it even though steam has a lack of jrpg's.
76561198036685575,Not Recommended,237890,7786300,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Nearerror,"I bought this game because on the first look it reminded me of Final Fantasy Tactics for the GameBoy Advanced, which is one of my favorite jrpgs ever.Sadly this game is nothing like it, the story is nothing but really, really boring. The characters are nothing but stereotypes and the combat is just the worst thing of all. There is absolutely no depth in building your characters, they can´t switch classes, and the praised combo feature is just not usefull.But the worst thing about the combat is the battlefield, which is ALWAYS the same flat area. There is absolutely no chance to put different tactics out because all you have to do is place you tanks in front and line the other characters in the right direction so you can perform combos.The gameplay also is repetetive as hell, all you do is running from point A to point B on the overmap, while doing the same mindless combat over and over again and from time to time get a little ""cutscene"" that pushes the pathetic story further.I´m a big jrpg fan but this was nothing but a waste of money and time, if you don´t have both of it to the MAX don´t buy this game."
76561198031190155,Not Recommended,237890,16165550,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Zenuge,"Guys, not gonna lie, I loaded this up and noticed how clunky the menus were and lost my patience with it quickly. So after awhile I gave it another go, thinking ""how bad could it be"". Well, it's effin' bad, four clicks just to do a regular attack? For each character? A separate move/attack phase? Cause ya know, people were just raving about how bad FFT basic interface was, what with combining moving/attacking.I don't know if I could do it for the fifty+ hours I hear this game is. Four clicks, everytime, just to do one attack. I just can't do a long day at work then stare at my screen in the dead of night, endlessly clicking through menus."
76561197980429671,Not Recommended,237890,20709303,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"I picked this up knowing it was a bad game and seeing if I could marathon through it for my own amusement.  I also played the 360 version, which was also bad, and wondered if they made any improvements over it.  On both accounts I was disappointed.  This was the 360 version with no changes made, no polish, ported, and kicked out onto the PC.  I could not bother marathoning my way through this game, hell I couldn't even get past the first island before ""Why the hell am I playing this crap?"" blew through my head.  Without a sufficient answer I uninstalled the game.To discuss its problems is like trying to pick apart a mountain.  The first and most obvious, as I understand Japanese, is its translation.  Since the text is in English and the voice acting is in Japanese, nothing hides this.  In fact I would encourage anyone who is bilingual to pick up this game so you can read the text as your listening to what the character says so you too can say ""Who the hell translated that?""  At first the errors are small enough to only be nit-picks, a word here, they don't properly emphasize what the character is implying, only small errors.  The further you get, the more obvious the problems become, item text is word salad or bitcode since they didn't bother translating it after they changed the font, they stop using punctuation marks entirely, some things just come out as engrish jumbled together.  So, yeah the translation and localization job is terrible enough to define what poorly localized means.This brings us to the grind, the massive grind to get skills, build up skills, make weapons, build up weapons, and on and on.  If you play through this, you will sink hundreds of hours easily into just grinding and building up your characters in order to not get crushed by the next set of fights.  Some of this grind becomes exponential where you have to grind for materials to make materials for an item you want or need.The combat and battles are boring.  If you were expecting battles like Final Fantasy Tactics or any of your favorite squad based strategy games, prepare to be disappointed.  Much of the combat is set up to remove any depth strategy gives you and focus entirely on levels and gear, such that the story battles are a stat check.  If your stats are here or better, you can progress.  If not, grind some more.  While this would be fine for any sort of turn based JRPG, if you want to make this a strategy RPG, there needs to be some strategy involved.The story is standard JRPG fare, an evil entity is going to destroy the world, something about the entity is relevant to the island you're on now so you get a bunch of followers to confront it.  You meet three waifus and choose one to be your true waifu to have a son who will go to a new island and be the protagonist of the next generation and repeat the process with harder enemies and better gear until you get to the generation who will confront the evil entity and bring peace to the world.  The story through each generation is rushed.  You meet several major players, kings, generals, civilizations, cities, and they are tossed out as quickly as they are introduced, leaving you with no impact or interest in the world at all.  Given how much time you spend grinding crap in this game, they could have invested a bit more into its depth so you can be interested in the time you spend in it.I rarely say this in a review since some games I don't recommend games I enjoy and some games I don't enjoy I'll recommend, but this is a bad game.  This game is bad, there is nothing redeeming to be found here.  You should not buy it even if you are a Data Entry Technician who enjoys his job."
,Not Recommended,237890,14601606,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wendell,"Tiny battlefields, fighting the exact same battle throughout the entire game, dull storyline, personalityless and drab dialogue.  Fights take way too long because they want you to buy DLC packs, which then makes fights meaningless.  The dating/alignment system is a complete afterthought with decisions having unpredictable results on both.  ""Where should we go?  Through the mountain, around the mountain to the north, around the mountain to the south?""  Can you guess which choice will make which girl like you more?  Can you guess which  will make your alignment darker or lighter?  Of course not, there's no damn correlation at all.  And I'm not leaving out any context here, you don't have to stomp a box of kittens to go north or anything.  It's just senseless."
76561197970557209,Not Recommended,237890,8431115,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-Z,"The fights got rather repetative.  The story really didn't draw me in early.  I played a few hours and could not maintain interest.  I thought this would be closer to FF Tactics but it is not.  Each character will only get a few moves each, no class changes or anything.  The combinations were a good idea, but it just wasn't enough to keep my interest."
,Recommended,237890,10564117,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,goka9696,Anime game.Cards are expensive.Game itself is nice too.
,Recommended,237890,28783161,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fLJR,"""Recomended, only if you're like strategy game play like Final Fantasy and other like it""Pros :• Great animation• Great gameplay• Great skill effect• Great stroy lineContras :• Soldier enemy too easy to die lol (maybe cause i pick normal level(?))• Bored a bit"
76561198010773552,Recommended,237890,12731365,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nagisa,First off I love these games all 3 of them  (although my game time is low i have these on xbox and ps3) got them on here when on sale :pThere a classic style RPG back what you use to play on the SNS just with a bit better graphics which si nice :pThe game is fairly well thought out the diffrent settings are quite nice and decently balanced  (longs you dont buy any of the packs that give weapons and items) or even if you do just dont equip them if you dont want to be OPed through the whole storyits a story driven game with some choices that do effect the outcome of some fights kinda a simpler version of dragon ageover all its a fun game if you like older RPGs and a fairly nice story
,Recommended,237890,9867817,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,roli,plot sucks but ellis is cuteDLC is for casuals
76561198042534504,Recommended,237890,8977820,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Noble Czar,Yes.
,Not Recommended,237890,8330155,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mad Comrade,nooooooooooooooooooope
76561198045925060,Recommended,237890,8189474,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Censuur,"A fairly meaty strategy game, somewhat mired by the decision to remove all strategy through DLC which makes the gameplay utterly redundant and overly easy. The controls are somewhat lackluster, taking far too long to navigate menu's and combat animations tend to go on for far too long making simple engagements take far longer than they have any right to. Fortunately animations can usually be skipped entirely, but the cumbersome and unintuitive controls have prevented me from truly enjoyig what otherwise could have been a great game. Apparently a relic from the original console version, it is a shame to see the gameplay so poorly optimized for the pc port."
,Recommended,237890,11475787,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,4th,Decent JRPG for how much I played. It was fun. Stopped playing because I lost a lot of progression but overall I'd give this game a solid 7/10 as far as JRPGs go.
76561198049029082,Not Recommended,237890,9299613,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Obscure,"Great concept, love the concept, but I hate this game.The Tactical RPG segment of the game is painful, counter intuitive and repetitive.  I really really want to like this game but the extra attacks mechanic makes the whole thing completely unplayable.If you like Final Fantasy: Tactics or Fire Emblem this is not actually the game for you."
76561198027504943,Recommended,237890,7881190,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,=T$E= Volkov-V2.5,"One of my most favourite of games now, for those who like Final Fantasy this game is like final fantasy tactics. the battle system is amazing once you get used to it, with all the art work and storyline this game will get you hooked. the only down side to this was the DLC for those who started the game i recommend trying the basics haha I eneded up buying the DLC and at the very beginning of the game the attack of my sword went from ATK 90 to ATK 1870. with pretty much every character which kind of makes you abit confused and need to just wonder around buy other equipement. all in all this game is a brilliant game and so far I'd give it a 9/10 :) enjoy everyone"
,Recommended,237890,11629481,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tentacle Bunny,"This game is RPG CRACK with an added Date Sim slipped in for fun.the DLC? WORTH EVERY PENNY.if you're new to the game, hold off on the DLC until you've been through it once.if you've played Agarest war before, GET THE DLC.seriously. I'm @ over 500+hours, and I'm going to keep going on it.Excellent soundtrack, great graphics, but for anyone who has it, the real challenge is the smithing/acheivements/items.bonus: Capturing your enemy monsters. yes. this has a pokemon-esque aspcect to thegame that allows monster fusion for new monsters. btw: monsters OP.tip: you can go over level 99/100. it is possible. (i just found this out).... as for level cap? no idea yet....plus, you get to spread your adventure/tactics through 5 generations.i'm taking my time grinding and only on the 2nd gen. depending on how your date sim events went, depends on what class your hero's son will be. very fun! very challenging! SLAUGHTER THEM ALL!GET THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,237890,22871045,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VG Purist,"Agarest isn't a terrible RPG but overall it is quite a grind.  The battles themselves aren't interesting after a while since you're pretty much fighting against the same enemies over and over again.Throughout the game you're supposed to make choices within the game that effects how your potential mates will feel about you.  However I don't get to make a choice until after a few hours of playing. This in turn makes the game feel very slow and tedious.In fact, many of the things in the game that seem to be fun aren't reached until after a bunch of tedious battles.Did I say this game was a grind?  Well if you don't mind having to grind your way through the entire game then this game is for you.Here's my short gameplay video:https://youtu.be/_EJ8ZUNJ0FI"
,Not Recommended,237890,7415066,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,obitom,"I think this game is much better then i give it credit for.I'm just bored and especially restless when i play it. Perhaps i should try it at a later date, because i love the concept. Strategy RPG, lots of stats and characters. I'm even OK with the anime style, it's over the top and awesome. But i don't have the time to really dig into it.If you like Final Fantasy Tactics and such, have time and patience to learn the game, i think you'll find hours upon hours of good fun here. Especially with the Phantasy Star 3 'ish generation characters, that i didn't even get to.Perhaps at a later date i'll find out just how good this game really is."
76561198035937042,Not Recommended,237890,8258450,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mr.Birdmonkey,"This game is chalk full of cliche and bad ideas.both sides of combat move at the same time, throwing any tactics out the window and ending with both sides wailing on each other.The story is somewhere between fire emblem and a bad dating sim.The bad guys have very little motivation other then ""WE'RE EVIL""...which kind of makes me wonder why the main character joined them in the first place...Hell in the first 10 minutes they were going to kill a little girl, which is enough to make you go ""NO THATS BAD"" and turn against everything you signed up to do.Admitedly, killing little kids is horrible...but when your side is willing to do it so willingly why did you join them?"
76561198056821691,Not Recommended,237890,11362553,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,あなたを犯人です,Even auto battle couldn't save this game.
76561198026196457,Not Recommended,237890,19778393,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mrrshan68,"Ok so first off this game should in theory appeal to me greatly.Im a huge fan of both rpgs and VN/dating sims (dont judge me) so this should be a winner by virtue of the fact that it marries two awsome things together right?Not so much.The battle system in this game is so badly chosen for the genre that its hard to describe. In a huge storydriven rpg/vn story is usually the main focus of players attention right?The battles should be little spice inbetween to keep things interesting. Well the system is certainly interesting, it has loads of customization and tactics etc but the issue is that its strategy on a grid every time.Its VERY tedious to deal with moving all 6 characters into postion, then attacking with all of them (move and attack are seperate for some reason). Then moving them all back into position for the next turn (they have to be standing on specific tiles in relation to each other to perform combo attacks).Now you might think ""well thats ok i can just rush my guys forward and kill the enemy in normal fights and save tedium of respositioning for the hard fights! ill save heaps of time!""No you wont.The game preempts this by making each and every enemy a huge damage sponge that will require the full turn of 3 characters to kill AT A MINIMUM (and thats just a normal kill you need to ""overkill"" monsters to get item drops to craft your gear so really you need to use basically every characters moves on 1 enemy), then the game doublesdown on the tedium by making you fight 6-8 monsters at a time.So thats 8 move turns and 8 attack turns to clear a normal run of the mill group of monsters. This takes freaking forever! like 10-15min per fight, around 50 fights per section and 5 sections in the game.Its such a shame too singe the story/vn elements are well done and interesting for what they are.Pity they are locked behind a massive wall of boring combat.I mean sure these kind of fights are fine for bosses and the like but just getting my xp from the local trolls should not be an epic struggle."
76561198082076558,Not Recommended,237890,13084923,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,doodlesnickers89,"This is actually the first negative review I've ever posted, and though I suspect it won't be received well, here goes:A lot of my complaints about Agarest:Generation of War are going to sound like complaints against hardline JRPGs as a whole, so this is a subjective opinion, here. I know plenty of people like the puritan JRPGs, but I don't. The main complaint is that a sizable portion of this game is just unituitive.For example, while the port is perfectly functional, there wasn't one battle where I didn't have to right click to backtrack at least ten times because I clicked something I wasn't trying to. It becomes especially obnoxious when you're trying to navigate layers of menus, which I normally don't have a problem with, but I couldn't go into the party formation menu to add a character without accidentally rearranging my entire lineup. I'm sure some of you are thinking that I'm the one who's being counterintuitive, and also stupid, but there's just no way around the fact that it's too easy to accidentally do things you weren't trying to do.There's also the battle system, which reminds me a little of Valkyria Chronicles (a game I did recommend) with its rating system being a measure of how fast you finished a battle. It's a nice little addition, but when the enemies dart around the board at random and my characters only have a max of 3-4 spaces to hit from (including people with guns, strangely enough), trying to reach that ranking can be more a matter of luck than skill. The game also has a nasty habit of throwing 'supposed to lose' battles at you without giving any indication of whether they are or not, a function that very important so I don't waste ten minutes and a truckload of healing items I didn't have to. Also, on top of that, the battles were slooooooooooow. I love me some grid-based combat, even loved it in Legen of Heroes: Trails in the Sky (I would recommend that game about a milliont times more than this) where it was a bit slow. This is even worse, where random encounters take fifteen minutes to beat, and after like....the seventh one, I already hated the combat. It's all the same arenas and enemies.The characteres are...well,  nonsensical. If you're going to have a relationship system based on gaining points with the relationshipees to be, their personalities need to be easy enough to discern, and I had no idea what was going on with these ones. Also, half of them also look like they're 15, which is highly uncomfortable to say the least. It's like a Fire Emblem Awakening where half the party is Nowi. They're very scattershot and/or lack a distinuishable personality, which leads to one of my other big complaints: the relationship system. For those not aware, this game goes for a Fire Emblem: Awakening-type deal (on a smaller scale but with more generations) where you have children with the other characters through a relationship system. The problem is, it's impossible to tell whether your choices will favor one character, another, or both (or for that matter, what's considered light/dark). A particularly memorable one was where I had to choose what path to get back to a capital with, and I had to reload three times and endure nearly seven minutes of talking just to remake the choice becsause apparently, which path I choose is a huge turn off to both women. There's no way to navigate that system without a guide nearby, unless you want to reload and sit through another 5-10 minutes of text boxes.So on the whole, Agarest has a nice little idea in the Generations system, but it can be too counterintuitive and cumbersome to make the journey to that mechanic worth it."
,Not Recommended,237890,20619823,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hat of Awesome,"Premise sounds pretty cool to me. Go on an JRPG adventure and deal with some dating sim elements within that creates your next character....buuut somehow it wasn't that fun. I found myself getting bored of it very fast.Going into battles were just long and bland. You start a battle and are all prepped and ready to go...but the dang thing keeps dragging on and on and its not even a boss fight. Every fight you deal with is slow and will just make you want the monsters to eat you half of the time.I really want to like this game. The characters are drawn well, backgrounds and scenery are nice to look at. The story isn't that bad and the premise sounds rather refreshing.......but its the game play.The gameplay will kill you even before you begin. Unless there is a way to speed those guys up, I suggest waiting and maybe getting their sequel game instead, they probably fixed out these kinks in the second roundup.....I hope"
76561198059892163,Not Recommended,237890,19655843,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,vincentlocas,"So slow and repetitive, even after just 1h playing the game. I almost felt asleep!Completing the game take well over 100h, which is compared to other rpg, extremely long.This is not because the game has a lot to offer but because the combats are slow and tendious and there are apparently a lot of fights.I stopped trying to play after I failed to find a way to speed up the game.Even 40h to complete a story requires a lot on involvment, I can't image if it's 4 times longer."
76561197979612482,Recommended,237890,20715538,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,heretic Ramza,One of the best game of compile heart really a long game full of fun and laugh
76561198065109770,Recommended,237890,16234032,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jacky hood,One thing I liked about this game was the amout of hours it took to complete. The draw back that annoyed me most is the battle system. It was fine for short battles here and there but when it came to level grinding it was extrememly boring (least to me). It would have been great if the auto battle system would have been gear for this but it mostly got you killed more than anything else if you were not geared or leveled high enough. Overall if you like tactics games and want one that you can put a lot of hours into you should give this game a try.
,Recommended,237890,7299416,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Fated Soul Blake「愛和」,"Hurah! My favorite ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weeaboo RPG is finally on Steam! Now everyone will know where all of my sprays are from!You will spend over 200 hours doing the exact same thing over and over again trying to get slightly better stats on all of your characters while there are only going to be like 8 or so out of the 27 characters that are actually useful end-game. My waifu gives my son mediocre stats compared to the other women of that generation. So if you want to get S Rank stats on your son, have fun NTRing your waifu.  The Best Girls Never Win...There's also no Super Naughty Limited Edition on Steam that comes in a big pink box with half naked women on the front and includes a ♥♥♥♥♥ mousepad while you spill your spaghetti all over the floor of ♥♥♥♥ing Gamestop while your dad watches you with disgust.10/10 Game.  Would feed cake to my monitor again."
76561198039656716,Recommended,237890,7777655,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,cire87,"Best JRPG I have played in a long time only down side is if you get into Enhancing, Alchemy and Crafting the menus are a disater but besides that its great"
,Not Recommended,237890,25909528,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chronepsis,"This game had so much potential but sadly they ruin it with DLC's and much more. Well, i sadly cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,237890,15422264,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,transmutionorchestra,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMERUN BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
76561198009067077,Recommended,237890,18877515,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Well, my opinion of this game all over the place, but mostly this game keeps surprising me:Low price, appears cheap at first, but good visuals and music, but all ground is flat, but decent voice acting, but things are not explained well, but the tutorial feels organic, but it's lacking move diversity, but the difficulty seems fine, but 2 simple rogues suddenly get 8 attacks per round without explanation....i'm dead, but it was fun...Like a bad relationship, you have to want to make this work if you keep wanting the sex.I recommend this ONLY to fans of tactical RPGs."
,Recommended,237890,19326143,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,hitman4550,"I am very hapy with this game. It's very simple to pick-up-and-play, if you do it on Easy mode. Normal is challanging but not impossible, I yet have to try hard.The sotry spans more than a few generations, each generation tackles a different branch of the main plot while not straying away from the path to achive the main goal, whatever you choose it to be.It delivers multitudes of possible paths, and they don;t all lead to the same ending. In fact, achiveing the ""true end"" is an achivement in the game.If you are tired of games that try too hard and fail, or they don't bother trying at all. This is a game for you. The battle system is not complicated, find the books and read what the skill combos are (extended skills found in the Essoteric Book tab on the battle screen, the confusing part is that it seems the translations are done bu two teams and the Essoteric Book items are named Seret Arts, but that's writen in the game Guide, so NBD). However, depending on your party composition, the weapons and gear equiped and the combinations of skills available based on the composition you may find yourself up a creek more than once, Generation 1 or 2 not so much, but past Gen. 3 it gets to be an uphill battle.I can recommend the DLCs as some of them are pay-to-win, but others are purely cosmetic, they are all well thought out and there is no one DLC that will suit all needs/wants. The extra dungeons are a nice addition (they become available only after you complete that continent's generation main sotry).I have played trough 4 times, and I have only done half of what is made possible. I still have a lot to do, but it never felt like work, or grinding."
76561198120569908,Recommended,237890,18831482,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dia'Mortis,"well i was a happy ♥♥♥♥ing camper i get to play the next installment of agarest then i find out i need to beat 5 generations in 500 turns so.... ♥♥♥♥ no true ending for me, you cant farm meaning you have to pay for al the dlc just to have a foggy chance in hell of beating the game because ♥♥♥♥ you isnt like you wanted to i dont know farm for better weopans or armor or hell maybe try to breed some of the monsters or try to get some achivements nah man beat this game in 500 turns or well.... you dont get the true ending"
76561197981900929,Recommended,237890,15452137,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,dark_ronnie,The Best JRPG i have played in years
,Recommended,237890,15476366,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Exus,"Really good turn based RPG. It can be really long if you want to do everything, but it's really rewarding. It has a lot of characters, hundreds of items and customization options. And don't forget the different endings depending on how you played. The only bad aspect is that the battles are way too slow. But, overall really recommended for JRPG fans. You will not be disappointed."
76561198119736360,Recommended,237890,15562371,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,saiyanexos,is there any cheats for this game im stuck and i cant get any farther
,Recommended,237890,18682797,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bilbo McKitteh,-Cute waifus-Great combat-Cute waifus-Awesome story-Cute waifus10/10 - me
,Recommended,237890,18983000,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Rook,"Great JRPG game in everything, from story to characters. But it takes you a lot of time complete this game.Huge story with lot's of battes. I enjoyed it a lot, but I gave up on it.8/10"
76561198022140405,Recommended,237890,18959393,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,keksdose3,"73 hours are gone, so is my dignity"
76561198170227585,Recommended,237890,19028316,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ericjansen78,An excellent game with a dynamic storyline and great gameplay
76561198055693421,Recommended,237890,19425091,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dross,"I love this game.  It's like a combination of the Star Ocean series (except the Ps2 version) mixed with Final Fantasy - Tactics.  A must have for old-school gamers that like such mash-ups.  The only con for most will be:  Grinding out materials for 'Smithing and the 'Dating Sim' mini-game that provides certain unlocks that are reflected by 'Romance Points' (If anyone is still familiar with that term in RPGs).  Also, if the grinds become too much, engage automatic combat mode and/or mash the cancel button (also jump button on explorable maps) until the phase completes.   Grind on!"
76561198038992369,Not Recommended,237890,13411070,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Gauss,"I sincerely tried to play this game. Really, I did but... it's so BORING! The battles are just so boring and even though it has a unique battle system... it just has no strategy. The battle system works like a chess board where you move your characters accordingly to their movements capacity, but you also have to keep an eye to where they are facing so they don't get pounded and also where you land can trigger special multi attacks and while this may sound very complex...it's just this. You may take an hour to guess the best position for your characters because..well... they always start at the same positions and the battles all have the same sizes and no changes at all... so it's just boring.Oh yeah, this is one of those games where you have to grind, but guess what? It is also a game that penalizes you for grinding either! And it will NEVER tell you about until very later in the game! And not just a little penalty, no, it ruins the story. Yup, that's right. Nice.Even if you are a huge fan of games manga style, I really don't think you'll like it. Seriously, go somewhere else. This one sucks."
,Recommended,237890,15435191,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,HarambePentaLift,"This game is Fantastic! The RPG gameplay is slow when it comes to strategy, but the the plot and characters is so interesting!"
,Recommended,237890,8427520,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,y tho?,If you like fantasy tactics or the suikoden series. This game is for you. It is a long game and worth the money and also it's fun and has neat mechanics such as combining each of your units to an attack to make a really cool attack pattern with neat animation.
,Recommended,237890,16801938,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,king potato,RECOMENDED GAME
,Recommended,237890,8159923,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Scythe Massakur,This game is like an odd combination of anime characters and the famous Final Fantasy Tactics games. I have to recommend it. I actually bought for my PC and my Xbox both.
76561197977542003,Recommended,237890,8424157,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SlothDemon,AWSOME
76561198032231167,Recommended,237890,8066637,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,darknight anima,this is in my top 5 rpg games 'its funny good game play plus storyline
,Recommended,237890,10556787,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Siyo,"Simple and complex at the same time. The characters are interesting, the art style visually satisfying and the challenge is sufficiently fluid. Multiple endings and multiple different paths. Yet to hit 100% completion, but I will someday, I know. Would recomend if on sale for even 10% off."
,Recommended,237890,7764399,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Yehlemis,Buying the equipment DLCs is definitly recommended to reduce the amount of time needed to grind.
76561198114661231,Recommended,237890,14188727,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DBruce1211,great game
,Recommended,237890,14334058,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FuckHands McMike,i fukk all gorlsssssss
,Recommended,237890,14178231,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Vapor Woofie,"**For a sneak peek at what this game has to offer feel free to look at my screenshots**This game is more than just the ""fan service"" game that most make it out to be. The story is great; the characters are lively and fun to interact with. It would take me a lone time to get into all the little details about weapons and skill distribution. To keep this short I'll just stick with a few pointers.-Yes the game has some nice images that aren't needed but hey, you didn't need to have sex as Kratos did you?To get most of the images, assuming you looked at my screen shot or have seen others, you have to get into the game and not just fly through each mission without thought or care. So most people who have gotten to that point would be interested in their story.This game gets an 8/10 for me. I really loved the story, and the experience"
,Recommended,237890,14930935,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sark,"Yes i Recommend this game.First off, if you don't like grindy games where you are literally doing the same thing over and over,THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU.However if you enjoy good story that can be different next time if you make different choices then ya play it.I'm only 15 hours into the game atm but ive saved it and tried different choices many many times already just to see that other bit of the story. I can see myself playin this multiple times just so i can rp in another way. I love games that make me wanna play it more just to see things differently.The fact that there are 3 of these games makes me so much more excited to finish this one and start the others if it continues the same world of lore.I shall come back to this review again @ 30 hours to see if i change my opinion or have more to say."
,Recommended,237890,14165174,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,hell_prophet,"A really good tactical RPG, with a great story... and lots of fan service"
,Recommended,237890,14272089,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AliNZ,"After playing at least more than 30 hoursI will review this gamewell great gameplay, interesting story ...graphed well as the old JRPG games, like Final Fantasy advance, Vandal Hearthbut I like to fall asleep while playing on a quest that is not an eventcoz boring ...9/10 will use auto fight when tired10/10 will select Fyuria as first Waifu"
76561198078391669,Recommended,237890,14468649,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[dot] ✪LostFrosty,Fun Game. Beat in on 360 still havnt got around to it on Steam yet. Waiting for spring break most likely
,Recommended,237890,14897056,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kneekicker,5 waifus to choose from a pool of 20+ waifus.10/10
76561198019046039,Recommended,237890,14172912,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,lordvalan,"I recommend this game with a few warnings to keep in mind. If you have played Final Fantasy Tactics, or many of the other turn based, strategy oriented JRPGs on the market, keep in mind that the system in this game is very very watered down. Battlefields are flat, always, and there are only a slim few variations on what maps do, such as forcing party formations, party sizes, and adding a few buff and debuff squares on the grid. This simplistic map is aggrivated by the fact that the dlc that comes with purchase breaks the first quarter of the game. You can one hit pretty much aything, and if you build your stats in a smart way, you can continue to do so through to the second generation.That said, I found the quality of the writing in the game to be engrossing, it borrows ideas from alot of other franchises, but it presents them well, in a storyline that makes sense. The crafting system, for some reason I cannot explain, is redonkulously addictive, it might just be that the blacksmith sometimes makes mistakes, and his goofy mug pops up on the screen when he does so. Most other games, I tend to ignore crafting, but with this game I am compelled to make EVERYTHING. Maybe it is because the game almost completely lacks open world exploration, with some of the few exploration maps being recycled in the ""DLC"".I just recently bought this game because it went on sale for a very nice discount, and honestly, the ecchi trailers for it kind of put me off, making me think it was just another gimmick game. The dating sim aspect is actually a fairly pleasant distraction from the grind, however, especially when there is in an incentive for doing well with the female of your choice. (And I dont't mean the ecchi cutscenes) The game is told by generations, and your next generation hero has stats partially dependant on how much love exists between the female the main character from the previous generation. Some people have compained that affection levels go up and down for reasons that make no sense. Such as, you choose to turn left, rather than go right, and one of the girls doesn't like you so much. Some people say this makes no sense, to me, it does, because I have been in the car, on a walk, or on a trip, and taken a right turn instead of left, and gotten the ""I wouldn't have gone that way."" from the person I was with. Real human emotions sometimes don't make sense.THIS GAME IS FOR GRINDERS.There is no getting around that fact, unlike other games where you can wonder freely, and encounters happen at random, every point on the world map is a battle point, so even if you are not directly trying to grind, the game forces you to anyway. One day, after a long day at work, I set out on the current stretch of the campaign, and fell asleep at the computer during the middle of a battle, because there were ten map spots to move through before getting to the next EVENT, because the battles, though well animated, are sloooow.Many other people have mentioned turning up the framerate in the game to 60fps to make it go by quicker, I cannot recommend doing this enough. It vastly speeds the game up, and instead of taking an hour to get to an event, you can quarter that time. I have noticed that some maps seem to force the framerate back to 30fps, especially on exploration maps.All in all, I recommend it, but don't expect the battles to be like the ones from Tactics, it's like comparing apples and oranges."
,Recommended,237890,14066418,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,heroizumi,"After addictively playing this over the weekend and coming back to it after working on a Monday I have a few things to say.I do recommend this, but only to people who really, really enjoy JRPGs. I haven't actually sat down and played a turn based RPG since I was in high school. It was quite fun for the first addictive bits of playing. However, after working and coming  back to playing it, I felt rather irritable and annoyed with the slow game play.So far I've enjoyed it, though the dungeon crawling (though I've only experienced a short amount so far) has become a bit taxing on my patience. I do, however, really enjoy the characters and artwork. The story isn't terrible, but I can't vouch for anything beyond generation 2 at this point. I'm interested in how it will end up.I do think the idea of mixing an RPG with a dating sim is a bit strange, but I rather enjoyed it during generation 1 at least. I'll see how I feel about it once I get further in the game.TLDR; Good for people who really, really love JRPGs or people who are interested in a game with pretty art with an alright story. Not so awesome for people who aren't willing to invest hours and hours into a mediocre game."
76561198027359563,Recommended,237890,14301899,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,R. Michael (DK) [No.4],the story is great and the combat system is great. if you got a brain you gets to use it here...and its gonner take a long time to get all the archivements. however you can get em all in 1 playthrough. IF you follow the True end guide.
76561198039507346,Recommended,237890,14588096,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,kengonagi,Its a great game i beat it on 360 and when i found out they were releasing the sequel on pc i purchased all three to replay its a tactics game meets dating sim
76561198023122102,Recommended,237890,8375860,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bacon Lord,"Very fun, I love this game!"
76561198007097650,Recommended,237890,10558308,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jke,Challenging very challenging. Now just to find more time to play :)
,Recommended,237890,14025917,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,けむり,สุดเจ๋งสนุกมากครัช ตัวละคนน่ารัก ><  ซื้อมาเล่นกันแยอะๆ 9/10
76561198071991190,Recommended,237890,22721692,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Azershit,"i dont finish it... =D3 different ending,gameplay interisting, a good game =)"
,Recommended,237890,14063611,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lufores,"This game reminds me mostly of the Luminous Arc series and the Zenonia type of story. I just got past the 1st Generation and I'm not even gonna deny it, it's really bloody good."
76561198090918178,Recommended,237890,14456246,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,"Surn, King of Beans","So far I have made it halfway through the game and I am thoroughly enjoying the story so far! Honestly I dont recommend this to the casual gamer, but if you enjoy games like this I implore you to pick it up and give it a try!"
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,237890,16386373,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Tried it for a short time to check if I want to use the Summer Sale to get the full range of products, but as turn based tactical RPG it feels extremely slow paced, with a very restrictive and somewhat non-intuitive GUI, reminiscent of much older games. Basically, it reeks of a basic console port not making very good use of modern PC capabilities. Animations are the opposite of smooth, and limited to few variations. This is making the graphical presentation, that would have worked on a Nintendo, pretty tiresome when seen on a high-end gaming rig.The story seems stilted and artificial. If you simply want a turn based tactical game you are much better off with the old AD&D stuff like Baldurs Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights,  or even with more recent things like Blackguards.The good part is: you get it pretty cheap during a sale, so you can try yourself before spending a lot on DLSs, sequels, prequels, etc.I guess you may like it if this type of JRPG is your thing."
76561198034746665,Not Recommended,237890,16386772,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Feralwaffle,"this is ny first review on stean ( please excuse the fact that ny nn key is nissing i will be using the letter n instead) and in only doing so because i just feel like you should probably be warned. in not really surehow nany tactics based ganes youve played but this one is by far the worst ganeplay wise, its always the sane grid no real strategy at all if youve fought one group of nonsters youve fought then all extrenely repetitive so nuch so that i couldnt even start to get into any of the other aspects of the gane even though adnitedly they do sound cool.if your in it for the relationship haren aspect by all neans play this gane if your in love with tactic ganes like ff tactics war of the lions or disgaea your going to want to avoid this one also the voices are obnoxiouly squeeky in japanese but apparently thats sonething people who watch lots of non dubbed anine REALLY like.if you can handle nonotony go for it, i however need to be challenged alot nore to be into a gane"
76561198022629692,Not Recommended,237890,9038261,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Lord_Galaxy,"its not so simple with the inventory , one just have to take the time to learn all  of the commands.. unless you have the patience., I dont."
,Recommended,237890,16406230,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rymere,"Got to love them jrpg's mane.The soundtrack hotter than my boy's mixtape.Combat system is really tight.Customisation options on point.Can make my homie Leonhardt wreck fools with a sword of chaos.I gave Fyuria a dagger that looks like a toilet washer, so she can clean they attitudes.10/10 would role play again."
76561197972391474,Not Recommended,237890,19741200,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dinomoto Mennovi,Pretty much a point and click with the overpowered weapons.
,Not Recommended,237890,23149492,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MajorGamer,"Agarest: Generations of War is a JRPG with a rather interesting concept.  The game takes place over several generations.  It would have been nice to see the world evolve as time passes.  Unfortunately, that never happens and the world is very much static despite the hundred year gap from start to end (give or take, the game never really mentions how much time passes).  The whole generations thing boils down to the ability to determine the stats/abilities of the main hero of each generation through which brides you pick.The rest of the story isn't much to speak of.  It is all fairly generic stop the evil forces plot.  This isn't helped by the characters that are all one-note and there are no surprises along the way.  Most of the characters even completely lose their reason for joining in the first place once the generation they join in is over; most of them follow you to further generations because ""reasons.""  The brides of each generation aren't helped that you know the second they join that their purpose is to fall for the hero (the degree of which depends on mostly dialogue choices) to create the next hero.The combat could make up for all of that but it has its own issues.  At the start of the game you begin with some end game items for whatever reason that trivialize the first couple generations.  If used, you won't get the chance to understand how to fully use the combat, but if not used battles can take forever to finish (I played on Hard).To properly fight in this game, you need to constantly use your links.  Basically, every character has link spots in set patterns from where they are.  If another character is on that space, you can attack with them when either character's turn comes up plus you can combine their abilities for considerably more damage.  You can link your entire team like that and this becomes mandatory later on, especially for bosses.  It gives the game some strategy but enemies can counter the entire mechanic by killing characters (easily done in single attacks on Hard) or using abilities with knock back, both of which can ruin your links.There was a lot of potential going into this game but every aspect of the story falls flat and the combat can take forever even discounting enemies ruining your big damage moves.  At least grinding isn't necessary (unless you want to level up a previously unused character which isn't too bad) and once things are properly set up in battles, you can take out bosses in one giant attack."
76561198040746319,Recommended,237890,23487231,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HoodedMongoose,"Sorry that I haven't written a review sooner. I usually don't write reviews because they never seem to come to mind. I really enjoy this game. There are some things that I wish were different, but they are more-or-less minor, so they're not really worth mentioning. The main thing is the static character movement during the storyline. However, that was merely my opinion. I bought all of the DLC because I liked it so much. I also wanted an edge, but since I'm on hard mode, that didn't really help too much towards later in the game.I believe that this game has a good story and I enjoy playing through each generation.Especially at the end if you're going on the true path when you get the real characters back instead of the fake ones.Overall, I'd recommend this game to my friends. It's a lot of fun. I've been taking my time (Haven't been playing it all of the time despite the number of hours clocked in), but it is definitely something I enjoy. My only complaint right now is at the very end of the game where it's much harder than I thought it would be. Other than that, it's a fun game!"
76561198030575097,Recommended,237890,21576296,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Drif,.
76561198071760944,Recommended,237890,8128658,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,masterhuddy,"I thought this was a good game, time consuming certainly though. I would recommend it if you are a fan of JRPG"
,Recommended,237890,8196502,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bonnie Pink,JRPG
,Recommended,237890,8427371,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Arcan3 Kn1ght,"good strategy rpg, fun relationship dynamic throughout the generations that you play through."
,Recommended,237890,8533049,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Figment,This game is great!  Possible one of the best JRPG's I've played in a long while!
76561198087722182,Not Recommended,237890,8618991,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,craigngu,"I love turn-based strategy and JRPG, but hated the battle system of this one."
,Recommended,237890,9063244,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,seomau,gg
,Recommended,237890,8447647,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eririn07,♥♥♥♥ING WORTH IT! MUST BUY
76561198012198003,Recommended,237890,8823182,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Virtuoso soul,i go out of my way to play this game and it's prequel once a year
76561198109553978,Recommended,237890,8988083,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Robin,"This game is great!! I love it!! It plays super, no lag, no found glitches, no crashes and no bugs!! It is a alot of fun, the system is easy to learn, the story line is interesting and original. The characters are each individual not clones of each other or other game characters. The cards sell well on the market btw for around a dollar each so you can recoup some of your money that way if you desire. The achievements work! There is nothing bad to say about this game."
76561198085364143,Recommended,237890,10218991,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rin' Xavier,"Its a jrpg so its more along the lines of FF tactics or Orge Battles, or old school Final Fantasy. If you enjoy those types of games then you will enjoy this. Now, the talking is in japanese but the text is in english. The graphics are a threw back, but the actual pictures are very nice in a the typical japanese big eyes small mouth smexy. :3"
,Not Recommended,237890,10237535,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Drktwilight,"The two things I hate most appears in this game. Invisible walls and dark dungeons where you have extreme difficulty seeing where you're going. The latter has only occured once in my playthrough so far, but after going through the first two generations I've seen the same map layout for the forest type dungeons. The difference int he setting is only shown by how bright it is. Menus could use a bit of a clean up for player ease such as seeing what you can alchemize to acess in the store, a button to hide the combat screen so you see where your units are being placed on the combat map after you attack, a listing of what you are actually able to combo cast from what you currently have equipped on your party. (If you have monsters with skills in your group the game doesnt recognize it.) I think at least a third of my time in game has been going back and forth in between shops trying to figure out what I need/get/make.The tactical combat system in the game tests your skill in positioning your characters and resource management more than actual fighting potential. Fighting is centered around enemy targetting and has no hitting a specific point to catch multiple enemies in an AoE.  I find the combat repetitive because I don't see a reason to experiment with new tactics until you hit the generation jump. Although you have an abundance of characters/monsters to choose from it's hard to have exactly what you want in your group due to skill slots. What worked in one generation won't likely transfer to the next unless you're using the more permanent characters.The game has nice art to look at when you're bored, but if you read up on the character bios they can lead to spoilers."
,Recommended,237890,10271464,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Meows,"Short sweet and to the point.Grid and turned based combat, looks like FFT plays very differently. Takes a little getting used to but after learning the mechanics its worth the price your probably looking at when it's on sale. The whole anime setting thing might turn some people off and it has relationship things but its not to in depth but it does effect the gameplay.And if your on the fence, of the time of this review you can get half your money back(If its on sale) with the cards alone if you sell them.(~.50 each)Should get your moneys worth if you put in the little amount of time to understand it."
,Recommended,237890,10661192,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DemiDeityLink,"If you are hardcore into strategy jrpgs then you will definitely like this, heavy on story and a good battle system, you will spend many hours playing this. And with difficulty options even casual players can speed through the battles to get through the story. The story system is like a typical Japanese Visual Novel, with a battle system similar to other grid based strategy rpgs. The PC port seems to have been done pretty well. mouse and keyboard controls are good, and you can still play the game via controller."
,Recommended,237890,10671452,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Someone,This game is final fantasy tactics but 10x worse
76561198001280422,Recommended,237890,10674264,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cloudkirby,"Really fun game, addicted gameplay and large scale story"
76561197969256719,Not Recommended,237890,10759019,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Millenium,The game is a tedious mess of barely passable tactics gameplay.
,Recommended,237890,10850642,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mjsnoozer,Zero is better
,Not Recommended,237890,11078508,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ccarico,Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ every fight. No variation in the fights other than the enemies.I'm glad this game has an autoplay feature so I can slog through the gameplay to get to the story (which isn't that good to begin with).
,Recommended,237890,7507071,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,SiDi,120 hours and still going on. Cannot lie that I really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,237890,7913329,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Eaten,very intense and detailed strategy turn based RPG adventure game
76561198033125893,Recommended,237890,8183433,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zero,Very Fun
,Recommended,237890,7307752,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Akiba秋葉,"JRPG, Enough said."
,Recommended,237890,8148540,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kohajin,"Nice tribute to old school RPG, reminds me of FFTactics"
,Recommended,237890,8188060,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kamen Pâtissier Compiffytune,Not Fire Emblem: Awakening.Still great though.
76561198045140914,Recommended,237890,8988549,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,rofliskilled,this a good game and i enjoyed it well and it was my first inrto into theses types of games i love it
,Recommended,237890,7302145,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,ｔｓｕｎｃｈｉｐｓ@oh!yodo,"No, this doesn't come with the Really Naughty Limited Edition if that's what you were going to buy it for."
,Recommended,237890,7342329,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,コーディ | Cody,"Own the game for the 360. Pretty much exactly the same. Combat can feel tedious after awhile because its back to back but, thoroughly enjoyed it either way."
76561197995856412,Recommended,237890,7809775,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Minarin,"A great RPG, recommend to anyone who likes JRPG's"
76561198107516593,Recommended,237890,7843512,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Earl Gray,"An excelent game for those who love JRPG's. The voice acting is still in Japanese, which to me is a huge +. The translation is done nicely, and the game itself is extremely fun to play!"
,Recommended,237890,7913370,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Joseph Stalin,"I'm in love with this game, 10/10."
,Recommended,237890,9059410,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Noob With A Dream,Well worth the money!!
76561198036681111,Not Recommended,237890,9075861,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Coolin_13,Je n'aime pas. 2/10 Would not bang
76561198034240047,Not Recommended,237890,9189677,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,jahritchie,have u ever played a game over a long peirod of time.and played and played tell you got the feeling that this is not time worthy. there is no pay off you will never tell anybody about how amzing it was to grind telll u were able to grind some more. yea i walked from dot too dot about 100 times same battle. no auto no dlc
,Recommended,237890,9362191,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kong,Hot anime girls. What more can you ask for?
76561197999823273,Not Recommended,237890,9841581,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Bananoman,"Fights so boring and all looks like the same, story is boring like hell, same for music and visual style and....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
76561197981502866,Recommended,237890,10201409,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,聖杯くん,Fought a boulder.10/10 game of the year.
,Recommended,237890,10236667,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ҠΞƔḮῇ,I love the game from what I have tried so far. A great game for people searching for JRPG's and turn based strategy games.
76561198070545146,Recommended,237890,10621685,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,otamegane18,"This game is great. Of course, some people may say that it is boring, repetitive, a clone, etc. but that's just someone's opinion. If you are an RPG lover and like dating simulation elements, buy this game!"
76561198044924739,Recommended,237890,10664017,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,UncivilHades,Old school turn based fun...16 bit graphics are a good through back as well....game plays very well and has good story...but dialog is way too long
76561198014856213,Not Recommended,237890,10754347,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pacobird,Senpai...noticed me!
,Recommended,237890,10807836,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,xombiefooker,"I want my life back. 200+ hours into the game, on my first playthrough, and if I want to achieve 100% completion I have at least two more to do. This game is single handedly destroying my life, and I hate it for that.If you are a fan of repetative strategy RPG's buy this game. If you are a fan of cheesy anime love stories buy this game. If you have a life and can only spend a few hours playing games every week buy this game, because you will literally play it for the rest of your life."
76561198035869037,Recommended,237890,10934171,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ºBlank,I find it a little slow to start. But it picks up once you get into the story. :)
76561197993944614,Not Recommended,237890,10938495,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Masterstabbity,"At first it sounded good. Then you find out it's not. If you're looking for a fun novel-esque story-driven plot with character development and interesting RPG gameplay, then this isn't the game for you. To cut that down shorter, if you're looking for something fun, this game is not for you. Gave it a few hours. The main gameplay is poorly explained and poorly paced and uninteresting, the cutscenes are short with no development. It sounded so great. But it's pretty terrible. Don't play it."
76561198078052346,Recommended,237890,10975241,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lybra,"An RPG, Turn Based Masterpiece that will give you hours and hours of fun!"
76561198067147359,Recommended,237890,10990722,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Anthracite,Interesting little turn based tactical game.  Lots of fun so far with the casual gaming.
,Recommended,237890,11360508,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ayatsuji Akari,sugoi! I love this game ><
,Recommended,237890,9083924,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Chomusuke,Good RPG
76561198051862721,Recommended,237890,25428795,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Loupuggg,"This tactical strategy JRPG is a fun mix of turn-based fighting and dating simulation, featuring suggestive anime-style art.The game puts you on a map where your path takes you from spot to spot, only occasionally breaking the linear momentum.  Each spot upon which you stop will either be a battle, a discussion where choices are made, or a town where one can go shopping and fiddle with stats (among other activities).The fighting is different but still familiar, for myself at least as a person who has only played a few JRPGs.  Your party of six will start the battle with a movement round upon a gridded battlefield.  Each character has a certain type of movement he or she can perform.  One downside is that you move first and cannot know where the enemy party will choose to move.  So your positioning is an eduscated guess at best.  Yet movement is also important where your party members are concerned, because based on appropriate positioning your party members may link to perform combo attacks for extra damage.  The visuals for these attacks are a nice break from the norm, as the screen goes dark and lots of bright colors burst forth.  I am easily impressed by pretty lights.  The battle system is turn-based after that, with spells for some and swords for others.  You get a healer and potions and you all know the routine.  Not bad fighting I say.I bought the game and its DLC.  When I started to play, I saw that the DLC provided me with super weapons and a vast wealth in gold.  Now I enjoy feeling like a badass as I plow through enemies and loot their corpses, but I can't help but wonder what this took away from the game, as early on the effort required to win was quite minimal.Rolled into this JRPG is a dating sim that has a visual novel feel.  The game is divinded into five parts, or Generations.  The player creates a new main character at the end of each generation, or during the generation as it all depends upon which of the game's heroines you were able to win affection from.  Whichever girl wins your heart, her traits and yours combine to create the next Generation's main character, both in terms of visually and stats.  Through a variety of choices in-game you become good or evil (light/dark) and your love interest's opnion of you is altered.  Be careful because the results of your choices are not always obvious.  You may end up offending the girl who has captured your heart.The music is a bit of a trial.  I turned it off.  The voices are all in Japanese, which is really cool except you can hardly hear them unless you turn the speaker volume up.  Even with the music off this is a problem.  The graphics are anime-style and the stills look great during conversations.  The graphics during fights are okay and what you except from JRPGs but nothing to get excited about.  One thing TO get excited about is the abundance of scantily-clad anime girls, all somehow having found themselves in dignity-compromising postures.  If you like that sort of thing, your sad urges will be satiated.May not be a game for everyone but, Agarest: Generations of War is a fun play, especially on sale for under ten bucks."
76561198032227036,Recommended,237890,25582128,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,LegendMD,Fun to play and can recommend this for anyone that likes these types of RPGs.
76561198009690982,Not Recommended,237890,13960877,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ilu,"Finding a way too introduce this, mainly fueled by annoyance, ""review"" is pretty difficult, but I managed to get it done anyways, if you think this text is written so horribly that you can't be bothered to read it, then the game is most definitly not something you should buy, or in other words this is a pretty bad game and that is actually an understatement, from my point of view at least...I am just going to explain what the reasons for me not enjoying the game are, which is three main factors, the gameplay, the pacing (which will not be explictly pointed out in the text, but if you can be bothered to read this you will pretty much understand) and the story, also known as everything.Though to be fair I actually can't judge the story all that much due to never playing through this game, thus it'd be more accurate to say writing and character development instead.So let's start of with the gameplay, seeing how that is the one thing that defines a game. You have three elements of gameplay, which are battles, character interaction/dialouge parts, and city interfaces with creating and improving equipment and other, hardly worth mentioning, things.The battles are based on a pretty stupid design decision you get a movement phase and an action phase, both running at the same time for your group and the enemy group leading to fun moments such as ""Oh the enemy ran that way and I can't hit him, such fun and totally something I could have done something about!"" or in simpler terms they are tedious as ♥♥♥♥.That is if you do not have any of the dlc equipment, though that only makes them less tedious, but I still don't consider them fun or compelling, seeing how all I can do is hope my movement phase got me in the right spot in order to throw all of my AP into abilities in order to kill stuff. Let me elaborate on that, the battles work like this the two phase I mentioned beforehand both use AP in order for you to do stuff, e.g. each field you move during the movement phase costs 1AP, attacking during the Action Phase can only be done with Skills that use AP, with the cheapest one costing 8AP upto a grand 18AP, though that is a special move, in order to put that into relation, with DLC equipment you have 40AP without ~20AP, at least till the point to which I played...Overall it felt like a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of decent strategy rpg battle system, mainly Fire Emblem, it was a pain and little else.While that was all the gameplay for the battles there still is the gameplay for the dialouge, which was the main reason I got the game, hoping it would be fun, it isn't, and I was a fool to think otherwise.Instead of elaborating on this I will keep this short and simple, there usually is no way for you to know how any choice affects your alignment or the affection levels of the heroines, e.g. ""Which way will we take?"" with answers such as ""Shortest way!"", ""Detour!"" and ""Charging straight through the enemy camp!"" I figure you could only predict that the third option seems pretty dark which would be a correct guess but other than that it just felt like lucid guessing to me...But even without those choices the dialouge and the characters are pretty annoying, I figure the easiest way would be to put down an example, avoiding spoilers of course. So let us say you and your group of 8 other people walk into a capital of a foreign nation just chilling and♥♥♥♥♥♥ some guy approaches you and initiates a conversation by going ""Excuse me?"" a pretty normal way to do it, right? Nothing unusual here, right? You would jsut assume he wanted to ask something of you, right? Well not so our merry little group containing at least two almost extinct species (No one gives a ♥♥♥♥ about that either, they just went ""Oh a member of an almost extinct race? I don't care!"") Immideatly go on asking who the hell the guy is, because ♥♥♥♥ smalltalk...What I am trying to get at is, all the characters know that everything that happens can only be relevant to the plot, and so should the player if he/she has a no mental illnesess or handicaps, but they still act as if they just dropped some Inception ""going deeper""♥♥♥♥♥♥on you...This leads to alot, and I mean A REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING LOT of information that is completly useless, usually you could just skip through it, but not i nthis game, you can't, because while the game does have a skip mode for dialouge you sometimes can't stop in time to get important stuff out of it and there is no way of going back to that text...And I could put up with that if the skip mode was only another the equivalent of smashing ""a"" or ""space"" or whichever button you bound to that, sadly it isn't.Outside of the skip mode the game has a pretty annoying screen/character transition. Imagine a movie where every dialouge between characters was shot in a way were only the character currently talking can be seen on camera and the cameraman has to switch inbetween shots, now imagine that with awkward 2~3 second pauses for the transition...Per scene of character interaction you have at least 20 seconds of shot transitions... but wait there is more...Ever played a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RPGMaker game, or seen one? If not, lucky you!One thing those usually use is a ""wait order"" meaning taking away control over the character for x seconds.So does this game, everytime it wants to get you to realize characters are moving everything except the background, excluding character arts, fades out and you get a footstep sound file, sometimes they even throw in a squeaking door, leading to a record waiting order of 20 seconds, well the record I got prior to quitting and writing this, to a degree hate fuelled, piece of oppinion... by the way skip mode can't skip those either...To sum that one up useless information + waiting for scripts is not a good way of conveying information to the player via dialouge, especially if you know the plot without reading the majority of text if you ever watched any anime or read any manga with a medieval fantasy setting, because it is pretty much just that.Seeing how I lost track of the points I was trying to talk about, I can still guarantee this is better writing than the games writing, if you are really desperate for some interactive games you could go for this one, but I think reading a textbook might be just as much fun with a higher degree of profitableness for your life overall..."
,Recommended,237890,26042208,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Trebutche,For fans of JRPG this one is a keeper.  The right amount of anime character designs with the old school tile combat.  Each generation in the game is a new set of characters and a continuing story.  Well worth your time.
,Not Recommended,237890,18230402,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,"This game isnt bad per-say, its just so boring, so painfully medicore, that I cant possibly recommend this game to anyone except those desprate enough to slog this tedious, repetitve mess."
,Recommended,237890,33895727,Posted: 29 July,all,Grumpyz,"I love this game so much, it's not for everyone but It's definitely a challenging Tactics RPG with a lot of original elements. If you like JRPG's (specifically tactics) and you're looking for a challenge... you should really check out this series. It's not the best game series ever made, but it's definitely worth playing."
,Not Recommended,237890,15718879,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Skyrim_Gamer74,"Personally I find  this game infuriating. The battle system is clunky and straight garbage. I found myself getting smashed in battle over and over because of these terrible controls and retrdedly hard enemies. If you are looking for a good RPG, look somewhere else. Garbage."
,Not Recommended,237890,17275432,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,cynderfyre,This game is bad.
,Not Recommended,237890,17355901,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,fuji sempai,"battles are a grind, not diffcult, but the auto fight ai will always prioritize overkilling a single enemy over killing 3 . They relationship isn't very developed. In the first generation, you don't really interact much with the potential waifus until right before its time to choose and then it is just a session of do you like this trait I have or not? The story itself isn't particularly engaging"
76561198086285671,Not Recommended,237890,17491162,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Cannec,fun in the beginning but later on it gets boring
76561198122354912,Not Recommended,237890,18380051,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Aliganna,"I iked the story in this game but it never gets any harder and you never die, in fact in gets easier within the first few minutes of the game, once you upgrade your gear at the first city. Found it repetitive an somewhat boring after a while."
76561198027040643,Not Recommended,237890,18670626,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DapperDespot,I HATE I HATE!
76561198050301754,Not Recommended,237890,18243720,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hurl,"The best description of this game is one with intriguing, very engaging ideas that are all executed very badly. The combat is tedious, horribly unbalanced to the point of requiring the free DLC gear they added, the scenarios unnecessarily padded with combat and cutscenes that don't really add to the game, and the characters so stereotypical and stunted that it's hard not to be offended, especially with gratuitous fanservice scenes. It's a shameless game, with shameless systems, that shamelessly panders to the player. And for that very reason, that's what keeps the game together. It's possible to play the game-- even enjoy it-- by keeping in mind what the game tries to accomplish. If you're deadset on the game, get it on sale."
76561198127559577,Not Recommended,237890,17531648,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jacklegkaze,Turn based RPG with light Dating Sim elements.  Kinda gets repetitive fast.  Found myself cheating to get through the battles faster so I could see the whole story.
76561198008562097,Not Recommended,237890,17197534,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,afoolishmoon,"No terrain/elevation. The only tactics involved seem to be a combo system that allows ""linked"" combatants to leap across the battle field to melee those far away... It's actually pretty silly looking. The whole grid layout and battlefield movement seems to wholy exist for that one feature, otherwise it could be a standard no-battlefield RPG. Admitedly, I didn't play it very long... But, I found it very boring and couldn't stand any longer. Animations are long and unskipable and battles load and end with more unskipable animations and summary screens. I really wanted to like this game, but it just feels like work to play it."
,Not Recommended,237890,17276768,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,bored_geek,"Repetitive, simplistic gameplay and laughable cliched writing. On the cusp of being so bad it's good, but not qutie there. The soundtrack is nearly as repetitive as everything else..."
76561198065928996,Not Recommended,237890,13289094,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ffonseca,"Parece um jogo de playstation 1, não recomendo."
76561197972103428,Not Recommended,237890,12306693,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Melchizedek,"I really like the JRPG style and all the awesome anime characters (which are drawn very well).However, the game plays as a turn based crawl.  It has some of the rarest achievements on steam so trying to stomach the tedium might be worth it for some.  I however got sick of it after about 40 hours and 3 generations.This game would be better if there was an auto combat or some way to speed things along."
76561198128792997,Recommended,237890,33332334,Posted: 6 July,all,The Grinning Chimera,"So, I can't actually so much ""recommend"" as say I am enjoying the (basic) tactic elements.It does nice combo work.And I am enjoying.but two words sold me this ""red"" - ""company"", and I have no regrets.P.S. ya ya I know it is red entertainment now. Does not change anything. GO THAOUSAND ARMS!!!!"
76561198002463363,Not Recommended,237890,33466026,Posted: 11 July,all,Makeroth^_^,This game crash on windows 10 with nvidia 980... I cannot play this game or the other agarest games.. Its always crashing at the bigginning and if you play the first mission it crash again without saving. Not worth what i pay for
76561198022148163,Not Recommended,237890,16348758,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,stevenschur,"Very indepth RPG, but quite repetative and grind-filled also."
76561198046392023,Recommended,237890,22726300,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,estaria_valens,"Tl;dr  Deepest tactical battle system out there, many characters, excellent growth, weapons/armor/accessories, weapon and item crafting, separate adjustable passive ability system, monster capture, in game performance rewards, great end-game difficulty.  ""Real"" ending is impossible to achieve without min/maxing.   Play once blind.  10/10 for the port.  9/10 for the gameThis is a great game if you like anime and turn based tactical RPGs.   I'm pretty indifferent to anime and I thought it was awesome.  Just tons of different characters with different specialties.  Each generation builds on the last, so you tend to feel more connected to the characters from early than late, since they've been around for so long.  And contrary to the way they advertised the game, it has very little to do with sex.  The main story is about developing relationships, but there are easter eggs for the horn-balls.The battle system is as deep a system as you could dream.  You can choose your fields to maximize your play style and capture monsters.  Skill attacks, team skill attacks, special attacks, and ultimate attacks.  A hundred different attack/magic types, with weapon specialties.  Adjustable passive skills with armor and accessory usage.  And a growth system that is a great blend of feeling actual progress without giving the farm away after lvl 1.Assuming you play on ""hard,"" the difficulty curve is a bit unusual, though.  The very beginning is hard because you have so few options.  Once you get to 2nd gen, though; the difficulty drops significantly until the end of the 4th generation.  After that, and through the end of the game, you can no longer power your way through with grinding.  It is mandatory that you develop effective tactics to deal with the punishment that the enemies will unleash.I strongly recommend you play the  game blind, and take your time.  You will get 100's of hours out of this game that way.  Once you've beat it once, it's good for a min/max playthrough to get the best ending.  After that, the combat is fun enough to come back to occasionally; but like most games, once you figure out the most powerful attacks, it can be hard to stop using them.There's an in game rewards system for certain accomplishments (getting $1 mil, 500 hits in one turn, having every weapon, etc), which is actually pretty fun to go after (if you are not trying for the good ending).  The alchemy/weapon/armor/accessory building system is deep.  Not only can you build different (1000's) of weapons, armor, accessories, and items -- each with their own strengths and weakensses; but you can level those weapons up, and even break them down into ingredients necessary for the most powerful weapons and armors.  It's truly a system that requires a great amount of planning to get the most out of.And for those who like the capture aspects of games, this game has it.  Many of the advanced monsters you can get are actually worthwhile.  I can't say much about this, as I'm not a big fan of capturing monsters in general; but it is an excellently implemented system.And finally, there are tons of easter eggs.  Not only the sexy kind, but additional dungeons, and uber enemies to challenge once you feel like a master.The only thing I don't like about this game is how to get the ""right"" ending.   I liken it to Chrono Cross.  You either had to get the knowledge from an external source, or go through the game a dozen times to figure out how to get the ending that actually ends the game.  And worse, you cannot procede with the relationships that are most obvious, or appeal to you the most if you want to see the ending.  And you have to rush the game in order to see the actual ending.  You have to finish each generation in less than so many turns.  Don't get me wrong, you can do all those things, you just won't get the ending that actually ends the game.Honestly, there's not a lot to not like about this game.  Add to it that you can tranfer your data directly to the two sequels and you have a whole lot of game for your buck.  I beat these games years and years ago on consol, so I know them much better than my 152 hours would suggest.The port is fine.  I really have had 0 issues with it at all.  10/10 for the port, and 9/10 for the game."
,Recommended,237890,28848701,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),first JRPG and I love it.
,Recommended,237890,8732546,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Misato Katsuragi,"what can i say about agarest? well, its a great game, but that is my opinion. it is very pretty and this is also opinion. i dont want to try and sway you by the way of my opinions so let me state the facts.it is an rpg, a jrpg to be exact. its from the creators of chaos wars, which was a (*good) game. it has a (*well) put together story and has (*excellent) gameplay.(* indicates opinion and should be taken with a grain of salt.)"
,Recommended,237890,24506988,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Hunter X Hunter,"A great JRPG-Tactics game! I haven't enjoyed a tactics game this much since Final Fantasy Tactics. If you love Tactics games, then you should try this out. :)"
,Not Recommended,237890,34250160,Posted: 14 August,all,harold_flood,"This game is super eay to ♥♥♥♥ up your save, it consists on 5 generations, if you go, for example, from generation 1 to 2, and forget something on generation 1, have fun starting all over again."
,Recommended,237890,15069100,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ShadoCapital,"The JRPG of JRPGs, satisfaction to a perfection. This once shows me that metacritic can't critickawaii/10"
,Recommended,237890,17279218,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,El Caballo de la Noche,"I'm on the fence about this game. It's a pretty standard tactical jrpg, but just MOAR ANIMU.I am putting it down as a reccommend, because while it is a very middling experience, it doesn't really do anything poorly. If you're into anime, anime tropes, and all that, plus you like tactical jrpgs, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,237890,7816138,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,artyom594,I've played this on xbox 360. I'm happy now that its ported over to pc
,Not Recommended,237890,13766774,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Arthur Kirkland,"I don't think I've invested much of my time in this game, and perhaps it isn't enough to actually criticize on any main mechanics and everything, but I digress.I'm a fan of the JRPG genre, that's out of the way, and I'm a person that's awfully adores tactics-style battle mechanic. But all-in-all, perhaps it's because I'm very much used to simple battle mechanics of Vandal Hearts, Saiyuki, Dynasty Tactics and the lot, I can't get myself to like the battle mechanic presented by this game.Although I'm totally fine with grinding, the battle somewhat played out in (for me) a very bizzare combo and linking system. The concept of this is easy to grasp, but very hard to master, and it's not in a good way, frustrating at it's best. One of the things I'm not content with is that several people need to be positioned in a certain way to link for combos. It's really not a good design, in my point of view, it limits the character's positioning and it creates this weird vulnerability for certain characters that is positioned. Being a player who's familiar with the olden tactics mechanics, the attacks somewhat baffles me, I'm very much used to a person having a melee weapon attacking someone that is adjacent to the particular person and a ranged person with an area of attack, this isn't what is presented in this game. The battle system felt very alien to me and that's the main drawback that I experienced. So if you're looking for a battle system as compared to games such as Dynasty Tactics or Saiyuki, I'd suggest look somewhere else; this game does not provide that."
,Not Recommended,237890,13700413,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,vidya,"Battles get boring after about 3 of them, so I just leave it to the AI and watch as it uses 6 different kinds of ultimate skill on one enemy to super super overkill it while leaving the rest alive. Most of the time I'm just leaving the game minimised and playing something else.The story isn't that interesting, either.Paying to not play this game.11/10 it's ok"
76561198034778236,Not Recommended,237890,13112542,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DrMeow,"Agarest: Generations of War's ideas become staler with each generation.Pros: Sound, ControlsCons: Graphics, Story, Gameplay, DLCAgarest: Generations of War sounds good: the music and battle effects match well and every scene is competently voiced.  The controls work well for a keyboard/mouse combo or a controller.However, the graphics look awful and pixelated, par for games a decade older.  Most ""cutscenes"" are the same images of the characters with different expressions photoshopped in.  The story could have been excellent by combining the best parts of each generation into one, but instead are splattered across all of them.  The gameplay is complicated without being logical and ultimately extremely repetitive .DLC Packs were once offered separately but were then bundled together, forcing anyone who had originally bought any to pay twice (no discount), a great way to screw over customers.  I will never buy from this developer/publisher again.3/10"
,Not Recommended,237890,25939343,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NinjaNick,"It's clunky, old, and frankly not worth your time when there's so much better content avaliable."
,Not Recommended,237890,8928213,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Daimaoh,"There isn't absolutely anything unique about this game. It is as generic as it gets. Over sexualized japanese characters (for christ's sake, why do all female characters have to be 90% naked?), generic voice acting, extremely poor and linear story. The battle system is ok, but it gets so repetitive after a few rounds that you just wish you could skip them. The game is also pretty easy (even on hard mode), and almost all of the DLCs are weapons and upgrades to make it even easier! Oh, and if you can't afford them right away, don't worry. On every other ocasion, the developers send you a ""holiday pack"" with a super strong weapon to end all the fun.This is just another poor (very poor) childish pseudo-JRPG title that is completely not worth a dime. Do not buy this, unless you are a horn-y 10 years old boy who has absolutely no sense of taste for RPGs."
76561198040919135,Recommended,237890,16945924,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cylexus,Had so many waifus.
,Not Recommended,237890,12921539,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Seventh Child,"It draws you in with promises of an RPG where you can build a legacy and fight a generations spanning war. It's unlikely you will even get that far before becoming frustrated with the game. The writing is mediocre, the pacing is tedious. The combat system seems solid enough but lacking in anything really special.It further complicates this with the 'special content' which is largely a huge stash of overpowered items dumped on you from the word go providing both an overwhelming influx of useless information as well as cheapening the early experience. It can be turned off before the game starts but these options appear meaningless to the new player and you are unsure which is actual additional content or not.Perhaps it picks up later on if you can stomach it, but it kicks off extremely weak and does not seem to have the basis placed for anything that will really warrant your time."
,Not Recommended,237890,13000179,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Neon Sears,"Insanely boring gameplay. Insanely boring story.Difficulty when you first start off and don't know how to play, but once you learn how to play, this game turns to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198051676533,Not Recommended,237890,16752710,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mercurio,"WORST PURCHASE EVER!If i could spend 5 months working on a time machine, that costs $1000 to use, and  only send me back in the past to prevent me from buying this game and spending 5 hours trying to like it, i would totally do it!"
,Recommended,237890,19246334,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Redrusty66,i strongly recommend this game a soild anime turn based strategy RPG it can be abit grinding but I feel thats its charm. Ive only finished up to the first generation but it has unique dating sim elements to it it is more of a turn based strategy rpg but you have to play thru 3 generations each child doomed thorough the generations to seal the darkness away. I love this game
,Recommended,237890,7300870,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Ayuno,"Nice game but you shouldn't play this with the DLC items otherwise you'll get an easy game - too easy.Schönes Spiel aber ihr solltet das nicht zusammen mit den DLC items spielen, sonst wird es zu einfach."
76561197972229966,Not Recommended,237890,7768260,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[HvK]Caecitas,"A prime example of everything wrong with JRPGs in general, Agarest offered up an afternoon of cringing and laughing in equal measure before being hurled into the back of my library.Mechanically unimaginative, heaping on layer after layer of clichés and groan worthy narrative, Agarest can be said to be very much an example of tactics JRPGs brought to PC, though it seems to of brought with it the awful plots and slow mechanics that plague the genre while forgetting any of the aspects that made such titles worth a run through some 20 years past.While there is certainly some appeal to those who are starved of JRPGs on the PC, I have to say this is not likely to scratch that itch."
,Not Recommended,237890,29349376,Posted: 18 January,all,FitzKrederino,"After 39 hours, I can say it's not worth wasting your time and money on something SO repetitive that is Agarest: Generations Of War. Bored at the 3rd Generation, and guess what, there's 5 of them..."
,Recommended,237890,16423500,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[?],"simple , nice ,and wonderfulli love agarest series gamestory never out of the box"
76561198047433049,Not Recommended,237890,12126309,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,TheAceofFools,"I grew up with Shining Force, Vandal Hearts, and Vanguard Bandits, strategy-rpgs were there throughout my formative years and taught me the value of teamwork and that tanks don't wear robes, lol. I never heard of Agarest and I got genuinely excited watching a preview, loved the first halfhour dickin around and learning a new game, then *it* happened...the most confoundingly powerful foe I have ever faced appeared, at first glance I thought nothing of it, it resembled a 'reclining stone golem', having killed many of its kind over the years, nothing special...right?...no wait, this thing isnt a lazy golem or an earthenware giant of some kind at all, its a boulder....just a boulder, a glorified rock. Whats that game? A team attack explanation to destroy this thing? Thanks! ^^ ... ... ...ooook, so we connect the glowy blue embilicle cords to eachother, and~...what?Thats it? No further instructions? Wow. Sooo I've been sitting here 'cashing in' all the aformentioned excitement just wailing on a boulder for nearly a halfhour now, and much like the interest to continue, the boulder has quite a few nicks and cracks in it by now...I was greatly saddened by the need to go find out 'what to do' on the net so early on in the game, especially considering I've practically lived in these kind of games for approx. 20 years. So the 'best advice' I can find for the boulder is to 'sit and wait' for fifty rounds to build up action points to spam the first combo over and over till the boulder just gives up out of boredom an hour from now? No thanks."
76561197998718279,Not Recommended,237890,11850391,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,l33tspock,"Best word to describe.shoddy.not really sure what this game is trying to do, the attempts on a new kind of tactical combat simply feel missplaced.  it's rough around the edges, and rough on the inside.I'd give this game 5$ if I ever could find time to play it due to infinite better alternatives."
76561198082407991,Not Recommended,237890,23193502,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,☥ Alsamisath ☥,"69 hours and I hated them all. The combat almost never changes - characters progress at a snail's pace and you're almost always using the same tactics and abilities. 5 acts needlessly lengthen the game, with red herring story plots that go nowhere and an extremely touchy system which judges whether or not you are worthy of YET MORE MONOTONOUS COMBAT BEYOND THE END OF THE GAME. The characters are horrible, the generations system will screw you, and if you are in this for the lure of the generational rpg aspect as I was, please, watch a let's play, see how long and awful this thing is for yourself, and just say no."
76561197993882442,Not Recommended,237890,23256412,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,I want to like this game I really do. However the story just goes on  when it didn't need to and the story is not that gripping . The grind in this game is really bad and the battles are all the same.If you play this turn off all battle animation will speed the game up LOADS. You will be basically playing the same story over and over again 4 times with the odd change here and there.For example Gen 1 you rebel against king because you don't beleive his ways. Gen 2 you go against the duke  same story slighty different scenario. They end the same as well peace was brought back to the land and Gen X and his three lovers disapper as if they never exisitedin the sequels they fixed this as  they didn't drag the story on pass gen 2
76561198083484031,Recommended,237890,25100560,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,Reminds me alot of my childhood playing shining force. Amazing old school RPG.
76561198097067219,Recommended,237890,25437698,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Elizabeth,"I expect this was a FF Tactics clone, but it wasn't, but overall a good game"
76561197987948992,Recommended,237890,8008083,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,岬越寺秋雨,"DO NOT! mind that lame rating.. no idea whose the idiot that set it to 50/100... must be some Japanese games haters... anyway!! this deserved 90/100! best Rpg for hardcore japanese game players! or fan XD totally recommend this game! be wise and enjoy! (for true experience do not use any DLC content aside for dungeon pack. if you do not use dlc gears, trust me with no tactic you gonna die over 9000! times :D )"
,Not Recommended,237890,8528561,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pestycat,"I like to compare this game to a B-movie. It's a bad game overall, but in such a way to actually be sort of amusing (at least for a little while). Throw together every cliche you can think of from JRPGs and you have Agarest. If you really hate JRPGs then this game is definitely not for you. If your sorta like JRPGs then this game is for you. If you LOVE JRPGs... well this game still might not be for you, but if you do pick it up, it'll be good for some laughs.The actual combat is rather standard. It plays out on a grid where you move your party around, position them, and attack. Skills can be combined for greater effect, which adds some tactical elements with conserving AP to ensure such combos can be performed. There's nothing really special about the combat. It's not terrible, although sometimes it feels a little slow, but nothing about it feels ground breaking.If you're a big fan of JRPGs then maybe pick this game up during a sale, otherwise it's probably best to steer clear."
,Not Recommended,237890,11789201,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,andrew the cowardly lion,im actually pretty upset i bought this
76561198044817319,Not Recommended,237890,13094749,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SuperVietnam,Being a fan of both SRPGs (fire emblem) and anime i loved this game's concept. BUT this game sucked awful story no character development and bad combat. Not to mention the shameless fan service in an atempt to grab on to wallets of horny teenagers.
76561198035435575,Not Recommended,237890,16658513,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Super Saiyan Bernie,"This game is essentially a simplified dating simulator with a shoddy excuse for turn based combat and a stupifying storyline. Hoped it would get better and better further in the game but it most certainly did not. 0/10 would NOT recommend, but WOULD recommend a refund"
,Recommended,237890,7851911,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pendek,To much kawaii wives :) Recommend this game. 10/pettanko
,Recommended,237890,7317473,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Knight Eloir,
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,237890,9025870,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dorque,"The combat is awful and the conversations are unskippable.  You can't even speed them up.  You can hit space and go for a walk but that's it.  But anyway, the combat sucks because of the combat-action idea.  Simo movement, but they get to see where you go.  And movement costs attacks, so you stand still on the featureless plain and spam one attack.  Completely dull."
,Not Recommended,237890,10309800,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Katod,"Horrible controls. Where you can do action by one click, here you need to pass through tons of sub-menus. The controls simply uncomfortable and annoying and so it not allows to really enjoy the actual game."
,Not Recommended,237890,32638142,Posted: 22 June,all,redsnake,"Boring battle, boring story, dull game mechanics. Boring, boring, boring... Tried really hard to like the game since I like good tactics game but threw my towel early and had to uninstall."
,Recommended,237890,7331802,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"JRPG at it's finest for the PC! To say I'm addiced is a given, just so much to do in the game bu it's still simple enough not to voerwhelm a player. With a New Game+ multiple paths from the first act that forever change game play, different endings, it is made to be replayed to get the full storyline, endings and you get to carry your stuff over. I want more of it! 4.99/5 (the last .01 would be a given if it had english audio options.- Derisat the Air Pirate:steamwings::heart::heart::heart::steamwings:"
,Not Recommended,237890,11086785,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Call Me A Hero,"Agarest: Generations of War, a TRPG with dating sim elements, interesting tactical battle system and some great ideas. However, this game is really too long and requires too much grinding which ruin its positive points so soon later become very repetitive and dull. I would reccomend to avoid this game unless you are a huge fan, not of JRPGs but of TRPGs."
,Recommended,237890,7468634,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,DU-wang,moe ecchi kawaii waifu: the game
,Recommended,237890,16408013,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sharkvolution,Pretty fun I need to reinstall this and continue playing it I never finished it because I had to do a clean install on my PC but I will get back on it soon and finish it. This game is worth every penny for tbp gamers
76561198064852407,Recommended,237890,23400763,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"Do you like Lord of the Rings? Do you have 80h to spare? Then Try this on.I missed this kind of JRPG, it's nice to have one of these around. Something to go back to once a day for some battles and a bit of story, almost like it's a sort of TV show.Only go into it if you have time to spare and don't mind grinding on the end of each generation (do it only on the end of each generation or just before the final events of these generations, some special events are dependent on how fast you reach some areas).Also there's a cool guide and a wiki to help on some parts, because that 4th Gen isn't linear at all.And try to spot all Tolkien refences (except the final boss name, that's too easy)"
,Not Recommended,237890,10197138,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,King of Games,Loli♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 2014
,Recommended,237890,13518533,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Puggy,nice game
76561197993162026,Not Recommended,237890,13096564,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sloodbor The Magnificent,Among the worst games I have ever played. Combat is incredibly boring. I found myself running into an enemy and exiting the game because I didn't have the required twenty minutes to finish it. Nothing is explained well. Nothing is very intuitive. And don't get me started on the dialogue. The darting back and forth from the images of people talking was enough to make me nauseous.
,Not Recommended,237890,35046901,Posted: 18 September,all,Gambling Life,"This game has great character design. I, myself, am in favorite of many. The story line is so-so; it's a game that dedicates on stretegy afterall. So my main focus on this game is the battle and other features. And..........it's TOO boring. You will have a difficult fight EVERY battle, I really mean EVERY BATTLE. Oh, you don't want difficult fight? Just grinding for your level, item, money by fighting monsters with boring battle system again and again and again for like ALL DAY because the battle is TOO slow and SO repetitive. This is not a game for entertaining. It is a game for torturing.Sorry if I'm too emotional. Maybe I'm not into this kind of strategic games."
,Not Recommended,237890,9307264,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,BottomFeeder,"Slow nonsensical bland battle system.The extras unlock things you dont need or want like level 15 items at level 1. You face roll through the start looking for the content then realize there is none. This feels like a hentai game port. Not a good hentai game a bland one.There are no tactics involved. The makers even knew the garbage they were releasing. They literally give you a auto battle button to do the grind for you, and battles still take five minutes minimum... MINIMUM. With gains equal to one standard FF7 battle."
76561198121975294,Recommended,237890,14814581,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,erick,The gameplay is normal RPG but the animation is very good.
,Not Recommended,237890,13826733,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PeeOhhPee,Nothing special.
76561198079856776,Not Recommended,237890,13854108,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Klich,boring gameplay and too many foreced battles with no run command
,Not Recommended,237890,13856964,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Frieth,"How many hours does a game deserve before you decide it isn't for you?The Pros:-I enjoyed the battle system at times.  It is NOT intuitive, however, and I can see it being very confusing.-The Character Design is pleasant to me from a purely visual point of view.  Pretty guys and girls abound.  You will notice that women wear far less clothes than men.The Cons:-DLC ruins the experience.  I ended up restarted the game when I found out I had a ton of overpowered equipment that makes everything a cakewalk.  I didn't even know I had DLC.-The game seems to suggest you have choice to shape the characters, but it's more or less a choice of adventure path.  After playing Bioware games like Mass Effect and Dragon Age or even Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, the amount of control you have over personality is negligible and seems only to decide what extra cutscenes and endings you are allowed to see.  Pick the wrong thing and you get nothing.-The battle system, though fun, was tedious when the battles do not matter.  The auto-battle AI is abysmal.The Verdict: If you want a solid strategy RPG that has good character design, no real character choice, and fun mechanics, then find yourself a Disgaea(PS2/PS3).  Any will do.  They're all better games.  If you want a game with choice: look up Dragon Age, Mass Effect, Star Wars KOTOR, or Witcher 2. Those are better games.  If you want to watch characters grow up after a generation based on romantic decisions, go play Fire Emblem: Awakening(3DS). It is a better game."
,Not Recommended,237890,13901905,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,11 hours in the game and finished the first part. It's pretty long and got a bit boring for me. Get it on a sale if you're a fan of JRPGs...
,Not Recommended,237890,31835150,Posted: 18 May,all,liong777,"Boring, repetitive gameplay, don't mistake me, i love FFT, this game is nowhere near itGood story though, although a little bit genericI only play this one in order to get start bonus in the 2nd game"
,Not Recommended,237890,10184914,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,🐧 crow,"if you like your strategy games boring, grindy, and full of troublesomely young anime smut, you're a sicko and shouldnt be allowed in polite society but will probably enjoy agarest generations of war"
,Recommended,237890,12622534,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,RyoHongo,Harem/wife her sim 2014 10/10
76561198054048171,Not Recommended,237890,23251344,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,amalath,"I tried to enjoy this game, I really did. It has great deal of potential and it's heartbreaking to see it wasted. This game has so many features - complex battle system, monster hunting and catching, crafting and enhancing, dating elements, generations of characters just to name few, yet many of them feels not needed or rushed. Game doesn't make you want to use them at all. I can't call Agarest the worst game I ever played, I can't call it a very bad game either, but it's certainly not a game I can recommend to anyone.Story is interesting, but characters are rather flat. Not bad, but they feel unfinished. You have huge team of people, yet can hardly say anything about the character or reasons others have to travel with you. In most cases it isn't hard to guess who's good and who's bad, good guys look innocent and noble, bad ones cunning and evil. Cute girls look cute, brave girls look brave. Everything is so obvious, you hardly ever feel surprised by the turn of events. Main antagonist and his heirs all seem to suffer from Mary Sue complex and many of their partners are flattened to the role of brainless, boobs showing dolls - most of them doesn't feel real at all. There are few interesting characters out there, but in the end the lack of deepness is a biggest flaw of the game, most of the characters is not memorable at all. I spent nearly 80h in this game and I can't remember even 30% of characters that are traveling with me.Combat system was interesting at first, but gets repeatable very fast. I hardly see it as a flaw, but this game is too long in general. I felt like doing same stuff over and over again. Each battle is the same like earlier one. Of course the game has something for people, who are a bit tired of killing and want to enjoy the story mode - the autobattle system, that is supposed to play combats for you, while you prepare your favourite tea. However, don't be fooled by it. Your AI controlled characters have an IQ of a potato and will keep dying all of the time. You have a healer in the party? Great. Just don't expect it to stay in the last line and support others. It will act like a first line tank and die first. You're fighting against fire elemental? Expect party members to throw fire spells in it like there is no tomorrow. Suddenly a fight you could easily finish yourself turns into a slaughter of your team. In fact it's best not to watch those battles at all, unless you enjoy face palming every few seconds.The world and environment are another very disappointing element. Everything is empty and dull. Dungeons are big empty spaces you just run through, many of them are just slightly altered versions of earlier dungs. Even though you're visiting different continents and places in each generation, all maps and towns look the same. Same npc's, same spaces, there is no variety that would make the world feel truly alive. Music is just generic sounds that play in the background that hardly anyone will want to hear again after the game ends, in fact I got sick and tired of it after second generation.Many small things are annoying. Lack of possibility to resurrect outside of battle, characters that are not in the party will not gather exp which makes them useless in the long run, crafting is much more complicated than it should, even though game forces battle spots (battles are not random most of time) on you, you still have to grind exp in the end. Nothing in this game is memorable or makes you want to go back to playing it again.Thing I liked the most? Battle customization of the characters. Even though each character has default class, you're the one deciding what skills they use and those can be changed almost anytime. You need one more healer? Conver your fire casting mage into one just for the boss battle. Or give a ressurect to your tank to support team in hardest moments. You decide. Of course this brings yet another flaw of the game - there is no preset system that would allow you to save different sets of skills and equipment. You need to change everything manually each time you need different skills or items for battle.Pros:- The overall story.- Great customisation of your character's set of skills.- Has this old-school jrpg feeling to it.Cons- Repetitiveness.- Even more repetitiveness.- Too long.- Empty, dead world.- Dull and boring maps.- Grind.- Too much boobs, too little attitude in the characters.- Story and characters just don't make up for all the cons."
,Not Recommended,237890,7331535,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"I enjoy a good JRPG. I don't play them often, but when I do, I tend to play them to the end. Which says a lot. I rarely play any game to the end no matter the genre. Agarest is testing my patience in this reguard and that makes me sad. So far I've only played about 2 1/2 hours, but I had to push myself to get this far. The story is arbitrary and dosen't make a ton of sense. Fights are repetative. They are played out over a checker board with a back drop that never changes. There seems to be no free roaming, you move from one orange point to the next clearing the same 3 monsters on each point. I prepurchased the game to get the DLC for free and found out the DLC is uber powerful weapons with no restrictions. I'm going to give this game a little more time to see if it matures into something motivative, but if you're the type who wouldn't want to invest at least 3 hours of dull and sometimes confusing gameplay to a game that may or may not pay off, then stay away."
76561197993693482,Not Recommended,237890,8545711,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Maçã Carai!,"Only bought so more Jrpg get to steam, this game is horrible."
,Not Recommended,237890,10050923,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[BBB] Justice,░░░░░░░▐█▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀█▌░░░░░░░█▐▓░█▄░░░░░░░▄█▀▄▓▐█░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌
76561198059119906,Not Recommended,237890,29822816,Posted: 10 February,all,Shovelface1,Tedious and boring. This series lacks the heart of FFT.
,Not Recommended,237890,10031102,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,DesuChan (freudxxx),The combat is boring and slow. The plot makes no sense. I don't recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,237890,7913541,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Questionable Carlos,"I bought this game to support the genre. I hoped that I would be pleased but I can honestly say its not very good.The game has high production value, but is plagued by tropes and problems that many JRPGs are also suffering from.If you like unbalanced grinding and a cliche/generic story that you'll find in many JRPGs then you'll probably enjoy this game. If you enjoy well made grid-strategy games then you'll either have to play XCOM: Enemy Unknown or continue waiting for grid-based tactics games to be made/released, because this will most likely not satiate your hunger."
,Not Recommended,237890,7798462,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Junbo79,"I was sold on my love of JRPG and the graphics.  It's just not enough for this one.  For everything it does right, it does that much wrong.  The dialog and battles (you know, the heart of a JRPG) are just bland.  So one of two things happened: since this was the last JRPG I have played either I am no longer a lover of the genre.....or it's just not that good of a game.  I will lean towards the latter."
76561198085374163,Not Recommended,237890,7835207,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Rustico,"I tought was much better... is annoing, slow and too easy... If you want buy it beacuse u think can be like final fantasy u are wrong, don't do it."
76561197972715357,Not Recommended,237890,9717712,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Dalrock,"I thought this game was going to be similar to FF tactics or maybe ven wished it could be similar to xcom EU but with anime characters or a ff feel. I was so wrong. the tactical combat is clumsy at best. The grafics are just bad.I thnk the the strange gameplay that never makes you feel like you are in control and that your next turn will effect the outcome made me wonder how anyone even enjoyed this type of game. I gave up trying to position my team ,as it is very hard to even place them in a correct area, and just used auto resolve. Not fun when the cut scenes are rudementary when compared to what is avalible. I had very little fun playing any part of this game."
,Recommended,237890,8079817,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lævantainn†,"i love this game , is a new style of .... RPG... meh i love this game (10/10)"
,Recommended,237890,10311527,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Parado,"If you want a JRPG, this is the one to get. Brilliant story line, character development and a unique fighting system. I give this a game a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,237890,10569200,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[WAH!]vulture987,This game is a poor excuse for a strategy RPG. The writing is also terrible. The graphics are lazy.
76561197971398962,Not Recommended,237890,21096269,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,brenfrow,This game crashes immediatly everytime on the first battle. Thanks!
76561198027994280,Not Recommended,237890,15545196,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ismaru,"I really gave this game a chance, seeing as I loved games likeDisgaea, Final Fantasy TacticsandFire EmblemI hoped for this to be a similar experience. However, the dating sim element completely ruined it for me. It's bad and mainly focused on getting, lets say,""naughty images""of girl X, Y or Z. Too bad, this game really had potential.I was so enthusiastic about it that I purchased Generations of War *AND* Zero, but I didn't even bother playing the other one because the entire experience is ruined by the amazingly poor dating sim element. I thought I could overlook it but it's disturbingly out there in every single story scenario. Games like the latest Fire Emblem for 3ds did that much better (regarding combining fantasy with romance/generations etc.)Would definitely not recommend *because* of the dating sim element. In fact, if someone would see me play during the dialogues I'd actually feel embarassed.ProsRetro-looking graphicsGood combat system with a lot of depthChallenging difficulty levelFeels like a good old Playstation 2 gameConsStrong focus on dating/charming women through dialogue choices and mission selectionCombat system has poor explanation about how it worksWas this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,237890,8975849,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Zophie Winters,"I like tactical RPGs like this, but I don't like this game."
76561198079863413,Not Recommended,237890,15070432,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,kevinpen,Tis game pretend to support keyboard&mouse play and ...... you call it English subtitle?
,Not Recommended,237890,32667741,Posted: 22 June,all,Douchious Bagius,"Not exactly my type of game. Had it since my freshman year of college (Fall 2013) and barely made it halfway through the 2nd generation as of today. I was bored playing this game. I know a lot of people like it, but it's just not for me."
76561198039260244,Not Recommended,237890,9537798,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ancient biblical hentai,"I do not like Jrpgs. I bought this because it was on pre-order sale and it seemed like a good deal. The gameplay is ok, but the story is just horrible. If you can get past the story, then you will find a solid final fantasy tactics(game boy version) clone."
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,237890,31003095,Posted: 7 April,all,Owlflame,"Eh.... Kinda dull. With the DLC equipment there's no challenge, without it there's only like.... slight challenge."
76561198056680473,Recommended,237890,26449683,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Meow,I loveeee this game!
,Recommended,237890,7315195,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Kilim,"this is an awful game with cliched dialogue, a boring story, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ date-sim aspects and boring gameplayand i will put over 300 hours into it"
,Not Recommended,237890,31035874,Posted: 9 April,all,711green,"Story is ok;Soundtrack is ok (not so ok after 100 hours in game)...Even combat system can be considered normal;But this dungeon system where you have to fight some crappy monsters every 20-30 seconds...So if you lost your path in some dungeon or just don't want to rush things - you have to fight these monsters.And with grow of your level they won't disappear... Game just gives you even more monsters to fight. So if you started with 4 enemies in the fight after that you get 6... Auto fight is a mess. Your party either zergs 1 weak target with everything they'v got or uses skills which actually will miss the target.Now I regret that I bought 2 other games of this serie under first impression of this game.If they have same dungeon system as this - then they get negative feedback too!---Edit: one person told me devs have changed dungeon system in next 2 games. Thus I think they admited that dungeon system in this game is far from perfect and if I may say - a real pain. First I didn't recommend to buy this game but for the sake of the overall story of agarest universe this can be tolerated. < 60-80 hours.---Edit 2: No... at some point I got really irritated of enemies which use very same tactic - they just zerg 1 closest/weakest party member... Nothing new... Couldn't stand all these useless battles... Stupid dungeons and 5-10 battle waypoints between story events...Repeative and boring to the point that I didn't care for the story and skipped it because I wanted to finish this game as soon as possble and forget about it starting from 4th gen. <- 160-180 hours---Edit 3: Ok... Spent 200+ hours making my way to the end of story. Last gods and holy dragon battle are just insane... They add like 400-500K hp to bosses or even more. So it took some time. I played using true end guide. Got an achievement, managed to follow all steps and get all cgs listed in the guide but in the end it was only 53%.... WTF? Such a waste of time. <- 240+ hours.---Edit 4: and this wasn't a walkthrough on hard difficulty. So if I ever want to get all achievements and CGs I will have to do this game one or even two times more... WHAT A NONSENSE!!!Not recommendng again!"
76561198042258791,Not Recommended,237890,7740999,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CasualStroll,"Good game by itself, however the DLC absolutely destroys the gameplay. If you do purchase it, I suggest not enabling any DLC and just playing the game vanilla. The DLC is just a money grab which has absolutely no impact except making your character too strong for the game to be any fun."
,Not Recommended,237890,8423566,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cerzel,"This is one of the worst games I have ever played. Everything about it is terrible. The gameplay, the music, the voice acting, the graphics, the menus, the combat, the exploration, and especially the writing.It's even worse than Time & Eternity."
,Not Recommended,237890,32880998,Posted: 27 June,all,Red Saber,Basically just play this game for the waifu. Gameplay and story are meh.
76561198052423117,Not Recommended,237890,34371311,Posted: 20 August,all,jessiehart221,Please chhange the namer toTimesink: Generations of GrindingVery little story and tons of monotany.
,Not Recommended,237890,7833409,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Arina Toliande,"Steam page specifically mentions that while the dialogue is in Japanese, the interface and subtitles are in English.After the agonizingly long intro cutscene, I'm treated to a battle scene that I have no control over. Notably,  this scene has two clips of dialogue that are completely non-subbed. Is it idle battle banter? Is it plot-centric dialogue? I haven't a clue because it isn't subbed.I'll be pursuing a refund. To all interested, do not purchase. The Steam page flat-out lies about the game."
,Not Recommended,237890,22655639,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ViniCapiotti,"I have barely played this game, and I'm already tired of it.The character designs, dialogue, story etc are really derivative and belong in a fan-made game. Not to mention the creepy visual-novelish sensibilites, which are a huge turn-off to me (probably the opposite of the intended effect).The sprites are low-res and unpleasant to look at, although the animations are fine.The controls and UI are not very intuitive and pleasant either. Overall it just doesn't feel good.The best thing about it is the monospaced font, which I have a soft spot for.In conclusion: go jrpg somewhere else."
76561198060633118,Not Recommended,237890,16564950,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Emitai,"tactics game without tactics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ history, uncessary fanservice, boring battle system. Whoever wrote this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t must have 13 years old"
,Not Recommended,237890,7303939,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Laðy Lambðaðelta,"Ahhh, Agarest - you've finally made it onto the PC... and you're showing your obvious origins as a console game, right there on your sleeve.First up: DON'T BUY THIS GAME. Here's why!1) It's a very lazy port - there are no graphics options to tweak the game for performance on your computer (though the game does have very small overheads in that department anyway). There has also been no optimisation of the user interface for the keyboard/mouse interface paradigm. A gamepad would be the best choice if you MUST play this game.2) The process of storytelling moves very slowly! This is the result of the harebrained decision to have the screen pan in and out of the operative sprite on EVERY SINGLE LINE. That is, even if a character is speaking several lines in sequence, the game's frame will pan into the sprite at the start of the line and away from it at the end of the line. Rinse and repeat.3) The discontinuity between the plot sections and the battle sections can be very jarring. As an example, there's an early mission where you come across a boulder in the road, blocking your path ahead. Your characters decide to smash it up to get through and into battle mode you go. However, once you're in battle mode, the entire landscape has changed - and it is clear that you could simply have walked around the boulder (due to the very repetitive, if not entirely uniform battle terrain).In short, it would probably work OK on consoles (though no amount of gamepad controllers could fix poor design choices like #3) - but it's just not right for PC.If you're looking for a recent quality strategy role-playing game out of Japan that incorporates dating sim elements and quality voice acting, look no further than Fire Emblem: Awakening for the 3DS. That game does everything that Agarest tries to do - and does it far better.Rating: 4/10."
76561197989318999,Not Recommended,237890,9539164,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,||~'-nOoDLE-'~||,"This game, to put it lightly: Sucks. And ""sucks"" to put it lightly, is an understatement."
76561198077856929,Not Recommended,237890,34533327,Posted: 27 August,all,Aucefrith,"THE PLOT IS SO BAD.  Like it's ridiculous.  It's like the usual animie tropes, but worse.  Nation's all like ""let's commit genocide"".  Prince of warring nation all like dis seems wrong.  Prince stops troops from killing girl, and is branded traitor.  Runs away with girl.  Etc.  Ya know normal tropes.  But there's absolutely no character development, logic, or transitioning between plot sequences.  Christ.Combat's actually not bad.  Except for some reason at the beginning they gave me super op weapons?  So there's really no challenge now.  I could just discard those items, but the plot makes it not worth it.  You just wanna get through it as fast as possible.So, this game had potential, but turned out to be crap."
76561198014358593,Not Recommended,237890,13936180,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,KillaThomp,first 30 minutes.  SOOO BORING.  SO LAME.  I wish i could gift Steam games away to people so this crap wouldn't clutter my library.
76561198014096293,Not Recommended,237890,21049201,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,dedindahed,"Bought in a sale as this was supposedly a ""strategy"" game, Strategy consists of using the same combinations of skils and the same formations over and over again, 3 hours in, and not a single challenging battle, typically overkilling 300hp enemies with 5000pts of damage.UI is very awkward and clumsy, moving, attacking, info all seem to take more clicks than necessary.Wish I'd read some of the other negative reviews before purchasing."
76561198042132122,Not Recommended,237890,10303546,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Terrible game its badley balanced, tedious and boring.Its a good dating sim tho XC"
76561198302782777,Recommended,237890,23373211,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,emmaiy234,can anyone give me a save that they have
,Recommended,237890,8884569,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,SHƦEDDEƦ,"SO, three friends are walking home drunk. One of the friends stops them and bends over to what appears to be cow sh.it. Bending over smelling it ""well it smells like cow sh.it"", one of the other friends bends over taking some and is fingering it, ""well it feels like cow sh.it"" and then the last friends bends over also and scoops up some and throws it in his mouth! ""WELL IT TASTES LIKE COW SH.IT, IT MUST BE COW SH.IT GUYS. GOOD THING WE DIDN'T STEP IN IT!"""
,Not Recommended,237890,15311798,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dreamer Alone,"When I first saw this game on sale, I was like: It is final fantasy tactics with Ragnarok graphics and a nice interesting pinch of dating sims! Gotta get some of that...!Today I tried to give a try again and I still get the same feeling that if I used the money to blow my nose would been more worth it.Let's start with the praises that can be counted on the fingers I have left from my angry chewing session. The voice acting was good, and so was the art. That was it.Now, keep in mind that for every thing I say, it comes with "" But I really wanted to like this game"", alright? Because I REALLY wanted to. This is the kind of game I would love to spend hours on, but it is unbearable how poorly optimized it is.The games comes with tons of game breaking bonus packs with items. Apparently it was because the grinding was so dull on the consoles theyinstead of balancing it just threw items on the easy route. I didn't get onthe first time and had to look up, so tell me, what is the point of fights anyway if you have to choose between boring grinding and don't mind the fights at all?Speaking of fights, a lot of them are scripted, so it is really just to kill time, one of the first ones in the game stops and it turns out the monster is there to protect the girl you saved earlier. Geez, wouldn't you be a nice help when I was being ganged up!? What were you doing when she was about to die twice? Taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥The game teaches you the basics on the first fight, except that there is no advice on how to distribute your attributes besides common rpg logic. But some things are not made clear, like what exactly defines the range you see that allows to make combos with other characters, so you pretty much have to click on every movement and figure out from there, but don't bother much since you'll barely notice any bonus and the first 3/4 battles are you alone and moving becomes pointless.The interface is bad, they give items and spells that you have to click on each one of them, go to another window, and see how much damage they do and you can't skip cutscenes you already saw.Unlike say, the fist FFT, you have a 3d environment but you can't rotate or anything, and the game tries to show how effort they made with the 3d technology by making you walk on some maps with nothing much to do.I started a new game when trying to get this review, saying ""I'll be open headed and try not remember how bad my experience with it was"" and the game took my words too seriously and doesn't let me go to my first save file, showing me it is there but locking me in going straight to the second.I wish I could get to the next generation but after a certain time I figured that even if it had a hentai scene after a deep emotional resolution that could win an oscar, it still wouldn't be worth it.So no, can't recommend, I deleted it from my computer, and pray that my monitor is out of my punch range every time I see it on my steam game list.Note: The second battle (after a lot of info dump) is a 1x3, So if you put on hard trusting the game saying combat is more enjoyable, and you didn't figure out some extra skills only appear if you have the required AP for it, good luck with that."
76561198047125082,Recommended,237890,15717616,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Shaunn,awesome game its quite like final fantasy tactic but alot better and the story his awesome..its a must buy its worth 17$
76561198023690281,Recommended,237890,10217667,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kolljak,Good story but the Repeditive combat ruins it.
,Not Recommended,237890,32462648,Posted: 15 June,all,Mochure,I don't even know why I bought this game. And I sure as hell am regretting it.
,Not Recommended,237890,18070842,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[KoS]Korpze,i'd recommend this game if it had a nude patch.
,Not Recommended,237890,24314923,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Negentropy,"Extremely flat and boring game, no dimension"
,Not Recommended,237890,29982617,Posted: 17 February,all,Dragoon,"classic japanese game, decent story i think its just the grind is asia level."
,Not Recommended,237890,13014117,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,WTF is a Lommy?,"Terrible game, with a flat storyline, horrible dialogue, poor game mechanics and extremely repetitive. Even if you are a fan of RPG's, this game will leave you disappointed. I kept playing on hoping it will get better, but it only got worse.I want my money, and mostly my time, back."
,Not Recommended,237890,7948084,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Crazyi,"I thought this game was total crap and I struggled to play it 5 hours. Maybe it gets better, but I strongly recommend seeking another game. From the reviews I've read, it only gets worse. I pre-ordered this hoping it would be something it clearly is not. Yes, I do love usually love this genre.**Edit**I wanted to make my review a little more useful.Story - low calibur graphic novel at best (just read a comic, you will feel better) Plot advancement is connect the dots super mario world style. Each dot is a boring battle and sometimes a dialgoue. Move from dot to dot = whole game.Combat - About moving in a or into a certain formation, has VERY LITTLE to do with real tactics. While you can say moving in a formation is a tactic, I think not. Tactics require ""carefully planned"" actions, and moving in a certain way *every* time isnt very thoughtful. The fact you can turn left and your well oiled killing machine group can no longer combo is stupid to me. ""You have turned left versus facing forward, you no longer can combo with anyone due to the direction you are facing. And it is impossible for you to face forward and attack the enemy on your left hand side while doing this combo as well"" . I love turned based games too."
,Recommended,237890,30122762,Posted: 23 February,all,Dysoth,.
,Recommended,237890,19893814,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lelouch vi Britannia,hmm
76561197970153763,Not Recommended,237890,8909491,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,unkind,TERRIBLE jrpg. Horrible game-breaking DLC. 35/100Can we get Disgaea on here instead?
,Not Recommended,237890,7756140,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[GL]daGnome,"DLC DLC DLC!!  This game will probably won the most DLC even for just one game.  Game itself is slow, very uninteresting...."
,Not Recommended,237890,8773609,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,=/
,Recommended,237890,23371996,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561198066679370,Not Recommended,237890,29706882,Posted: 4 February,all,OswalD,Not fun with bogus cheating AI
,Not Recommended,237890,7754345,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Blood_Panda,Too much DLC...
,Not Recommended,237890,7747827,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dogemon,This is almost an eroge... don't play it.
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,237890,12324846,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,Must have controller
,Not Recommended,237890,26450242,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KindOfExcellent,The endless uninteresting dialouge and boring and unituitive combat system make this game lame.1/10
,Not Recommended,237890,12907861,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Chubs,"Bad game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wallpapers 5/10"
76561198065284243,Not Recommended,237890,30767475,Posted: 27 March,all,Baka senpai chan sama-kun,Been through 3 generations and the supporting cast♥♥♥♥♥♥♥don't age 0/10
,Not Recommended,237890,13979164,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,*Logan*,"This is the most boring, repetitive, coma-inducing RPG I have ever played in my life, and after 137 hours and STILL no end of game in sight I am here to warn you to stay away.I grew bored of the battle system long before the game ended and that's not a good sign.If the thought of over 400 battles (atm for me) of the SAME thing sounds good to you, you must love torture! When I say same, I mean the terrain you fight on is ALWAYS the same flat landscape with no terrain bonuses or higher ground or anything interesting like that.These turn based battles are mind numbingly boring, where the idea is to place your 6 team members on various ""strategic"" locations on the squares in order to link attacks together with other team members to perfom combos that damage your opponents. It's the same everytime if you use the same field.The big issue with this battle system is the lack of strategy and the repetitive and boring nature of looking through a text list at attack combos and trying to remember what attack goes well with what to perfom combos that do more damage than your weak one hit attacks. Eventually you write a text list which you have to change all the time because looking at the in-game combo book is a chore it itself... does this even sound fun? The crafting and item management process is a chore too.The game story is presented with pictures and japanese language voices, I found no option for english voices. I found this disappointing and turned the voices off.I did find the game to have some very nice graphics in battle and many great sound effects, but the music was forgettable.I also found that trying to concentrate on this game to beat it will make you lose your mind.Stay away, there are better games to waste your life on."
76561198007571913,Not Recommended,237890,12745460,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bip,"Worst JRPG i ever play. No challenge, no storie, no fun..."
76561198025210384,Not Recommended,237890,26541129,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,risho,this game gave me cancer 12/10
76561198026767979,Not Recommended,237890,7627520,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Sozdorferz,"The story is decent, the combat system and artwork are good, but the combat is kinda... eeehhh..... 6/10 I may have 500 hours on it but that's because I was determined to get the correct ending on hard mode... and it took a few attempts..."
,Recommended,237890,19519536,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dravas,"I Love These Games 1, 2, Zero I Love Them!"
76561198081064214,Recommended,237890,19538926,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,theshining7,I love this the only problem is... ITs too long and gets harder as you procced throught out the game but its still a good game.
76561197993244461,Recommended,237890,10740478,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,X3R0KA,If you like games that overwhelm you with things to do. This game is great for that. The plot is predictable but honestly this game is all about the crazy combinations you can pull off and getting buried with items
76561198118971622,Recommended,237890,10726768,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bnusadraic,"Epic game, Pure and simple."
,Not Recommended,237890,10699210,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WHAM,"Short review: Did not like.The combat system is overtly simplified and not character -oriented and the plot is horrendously cliche: ""Hey, you are the only good guy in the world so *The God* steps down from the heavenrealms to give you and your children superpowers so you can be supergood and *SAVE THE WORLD*!""Just... no..."
,Recommended,237890,10705689,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,firstsilhouette,The storyline and how it goes through different generations is exquisite within itself but also the mechanics itself are just lovely
,Recommended,237890,10725669,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TremorPV,"This was... an interesting thing for me. I haven't beaten this game, but I've spent 250+ hours playing it grinding, preparing for the end game.If you like JRPGs and Dating Sims, this game is for you. The combat is repetitive, and the story is interesting, but I'm the type of person who just enjoys grinding for some reason. Not sure why.I recommend this for anyone who enjoys JRPGs, grinding, and Dating Sims as this is a game that is fully wrapped in all 3 heavily.If you liked Final Fantasy Tactics', Disgaea's, and any other turn based strategic JRPG, get this game. Totally worth it imo, even if the voice acting is only in Japanese, there are basically 0 cut scenes, and the gameplay can be repetitive. I still enjoyed it quite a bit (play time should say something)."
,Recommended,237890,10571741,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spookittys,JRPG where you can jump 8/8 m8
76561197991893622,Not Recommended,237890,8991074,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,qedrakmar,"I really want to like this game.  It's built on JRPG and Strategy tropes, and at a high glance it triggers the same pleasure center as Final Fantasy Tactics, which I regard near the pinnacle of the genre... but playing this game was just drudgery.  I only got a couple hours in, and I just couldn't bring myself to go through another battle.  The best word I would use to describe playing this is: Arduous.  Even the interface felt like I had too many steps to accomplish a basic task.I'm sorry, Agarest, I really wanted to like you, but I just don't."
,Recommended,237890,8992318,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Tanaalethan,"So I picked this up while it was on sale. I've been keeping an eye on it, waiting for a good sale before snagging it and I can tell you, it was WORTH EVERY CENT. I even picked up a couple of the smaller DLCs just for the fun of it.To start out - the version on sale at the point of writing this comes with ALL of the ""required"" DLC, and by that, I mean any extra dungeons or storyline, and all the currently saleable DLC is just bonus gear or stat/money boosts, so you don't need to buy anything extra after the main game unless they release more actual content DLC.Now, with that out of the way, I'd like to start off by going over combat, as that's what you're first thrown into after the exposition - Think Final Fantasy Tactics. That's the first thing that came to mind, but surprisingly more ""tactics"" to it! Holding is actually beneficial in this, to a point. Combos, attack threads, and widdling away multiple enemies at once is a viable tactic. You don't have to just nuke one thing at a time or die, you can weaken the whole of the enemy party at once and come out on top as well.It took a little while to get used to the 45 degree shift, with ""up"" on the controlls actually being ""up and left"", and so on. But once you get used to that it's amazingly fun and self paced combat.Next is the story. I've not gotten too far in, a couple hours at most, and I'm already deeply immersed. The fact that they DID NOT redub all the voiceovers with english actually helps the game a lot. I cannot see this game redubbed. The plot itself is so far up to par with what I thought it would be, and some of the party mechanics are making me think I'm going to be on a party member hunting spree like I had in Suikoden.Audio/Visuals are well done. The only complaint I have is the overly thick outline around the shrubbery on the grassy battlefield. Everything else is beautifully rendered and/or hand drawn, and really pulls you into the SNES or early PS1 era feel, while keeping a modern game twist to it.To give this an overall score, I'd probably have to say 95 / 100. It hit a LOT of home runs and kept gameplay over graphics, while keeping the game beautiful, but it really dropped the ball on the ""lets ♥♥♥♥♥ DLC out"" part. If they hadn't done so much pointless DLC, this would have been a perfect 100 for me. I'd even be willing to pay full price, if not more. This, to me, is easily one of the best purchases thus far this year, and will be hard to beat though the rest of the year."
,Recommended,237890,8995591,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Frictional,Its a very fun game with a very good story line i totally recommend this game =D
76561198037170814,Recommended,237890,9155621,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,AwesomeonexD,An Awesome JRPG Game :D
,Recommended,237890,9739759,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,jefcamaro,Get it when it's on sale.
,Recommended,237890,8980383,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,DragoonLance,If you like Tactics base games go for it!
76561198071927062,Not Recommended,237890,10838607,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,elip414,"Cool combat, but very repetative.  Horrible difficulty curve."
76561198019159115,Not Recommended,237890,10694081,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nightmare,"Installed the 5gb, played a few minutes, half hour. Conclusion : I'd rather play other JRPG games, god this was so boring, dialogue is so cheesy, music doesn't really match and gameplay is clunky. Animations also are clunky. Pros? Can get cards for getting those anime similar backgrounds after crafting badge"
,Not Recommended,237890,10776682,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,xarkxem,"Five hours in and not even close to the finish but I think I can give a short review of my impressions so far.It's a tactical squad based JRPG. That's nothing you couldn't get from the previews. And you have dialogue choices which affect some of your party members opinion of you as well. That's interesting and good in the sense that many JRPG's are quite linear.The problem as I see it, is that this game is so repetitive. Every dot on the map is an encounter. So to go from point A to point B, you might have 5 encounters. Unfortunately, these encounters are largely simple and homogeneous and time consuming. I was itching for a autoresolve button.So twenty minutes could go by, and all you've done is essentially the same fight, five times..."
,Recommended,237890,11487974,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,"A very nice game, I played through it on PS3."
,Recommended,237890,11375148,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Shiiniie,"This game has everything what a good RPG needs.You get a nicely packed Story which gives ""meaning"" to the things you do, the characters you meet on your journey don't just feel like ""NPC's"" and the neat Combat-System makes playing this very enjoyable.There are some choices a player can make during his journey, which greatly effect the outcome of the Story afterwards.If you enjoyed the old Final Fantasy games, then this won't dissapoint you."
76561198001701840,Recommended,237890,11529707,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Archangel2016,"So far so good, I little disappointed with how hard the dlc breaks the game though."
,Recommended,237890,11437484,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, I'd recommend it when it goes on sale... but I dunno, it's not an extremely gripping RPG like Dragon Age Origins for example.. so I'd recommend other RPG's over this one (like Dragon Age: Origins since it's the best RPG I've played in a while)."
76561198093343673,Recommended,237890,12059128,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,kstroupe89,Good game
,Recommended,237890,19833796,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,マイスター　X | Meister X,"It has unique stories in it, and also if you're a turn-based RPG player, you would love the game.Q: So, is this game worth the full price?A: You got that right"
,Recommended,237890,19864987,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Rasta Panda,kk
,Not Recommended,237890,10036393,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,An actual bowl of spaghetti.,"Wonderful game, it's got a lot of good content, a great storyline, well animated characters and fully displayed emotions. The only problem I've got is that there are far too many glitches. One that I have observed that really pisses me off way more often than it should is that if I even play for 15 minutes at a time, every menu that I can scroll through will continue to move upwards until it has either reached the top or will continue to spin infinately. It forces me to have to quickly save the game (because the same glitch applies on the save menu) and restart the game. It is not too unreasonable for the amount of free content were given though so therefor I give this game 7/10. That glitch needs to be fixed.(part 2: after playing more of the game)After dealing with the previous glitch for an insurmountable amount of time, and attempting to stomach the garbage that the game attempted to spoon feed me after the first generation, I eventually quit. I will give this game that the first generation, playing as Leonhardt is fun, enjoyable, and gets you attached to the characters in the game, but at the point of which you have a child, especially one that has less emotion than a sheet of cardboard, (also, how can that happen, a general has a kid with some elf chick who wears less clothing than a stripper and somehow the son turns out to be some kind of emotionless, characterless, amorphous, blob of cardboard) it tends to get pretty old pretty quick. Not to mention that regardless of which class you selectively breed your child to become, their stats ALMOST ALWAYS are contradictory to the class, such as with scythe weilders having no mobility or strength, or swordsman having the same, etc. It gets to a point where its unbearable, and not only that but with a lack of a way to passively regain energy in battles efficiently, to the point of which its better to just use it all up in one sitting rather than bother even ATTEMPTING to use your attacks skillfully, considering that your positioning at the begining of the match will almost always be viable and easy to work with, and if not, oh well, looks like its time to form a vanguard of tanks around the OP AS ♥♥♥♥ main character and hope they last long enough to kill the boss.Either way this game has like a few hours of good gameplay i guess? not really recommended. Buy something fun instead."
,Recommended,237890,10199232,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Émeraude Ciel,"I own 3 copies of this game. The really Naughty Collectors Ed. on Xbox, the PSN version since I hate Xbox, and now on Steam. When I played the PSN version I was in between games and didnt give it much thought... But now that I'm playing on a PC in 1080 and have mouse controls instead of a controller I just can't put it down! The story is nifty, the characters are great, the battle system took some getting used to but now that I understand it I LOVE IT! Also it's a Waifu simulator, pick your waifu and sex her so you can have a kid that grows up and becomes the protag of the second half of the game! It's a great game! So glad I bought it! (3 times...)"
76561198070629402,Recommended,237890,19950412,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,kaiyi01,i rate this 5/7
76561198030776538,Recommended,237890,20272828,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CyanideJay,"I'm currently 35 hours into the game and so far it's not as bad as a few of the negative reviews have made things out to be.  I picked this game up as a means of transitioning from my XBOX collection moving over to steam slowly over time.  I had this game on the 360 but never finished it.Some things I've seaen that stand as the negatives towards the game are the repetitiveness of the game, and yes it is VERY repetative however, with being able to turn the graphics and animations off for those things it helps to speed those things up a bit.  As far as the game having issues with innovation and the like, I think people are failing to put into perspective when the game came out, and with games like Disgaea standing as a major competitor I don't think it was a bad job, although it struggles.The story is what honestly has kept me with the game and so far it's not that bad, just waiting to see where the Darkness goes and looking greedily forward to the Endless Boundary as that seems to be where the true strategy and difficulty for the game sit."
,Recommended,237890,20334142,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,6eleven6,"Grindy, however, I found it quite captivating. The battle system is a lot of fun. The crafting system is quite involved and I found it to be very confusing at first. Over all enjoyable and fun but can be frustrating.  It's  a much longer game  than I expected. The personalities of the party members and npcs seems well done even if some of the character development seems a tad rushed / thrown at you in some cases."
76561197993821454,Recommended,237890,20618175,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,chargeriic,"Very complicated game that has a huge range of mechanics. I enjoyed the basics of battling, but the various systems required to keep my forces in fighting trim were annoying and overly complicated. Recommended if you enjoy working through the complexity of the systems."
76561198050022635,Recommended,237890,20628354,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,daledragon26,"As of this review I played about 26 hours. I tried to 100% the game and I just can't muster the effort anymore. The grind wore me down. I'm sick of it and it's a shame I never even completed the game.This game is something I would like to get back into and probably never will. Story seems okay up to the point my run reached. The relationship element and future generations mechanic was interesting. The games pretty good, BUT THERE IS GRIND.Certainly a game worth looking into if you like jrpg turn-based genre. There is a lot worse out there then Agarest: Generations of War."
76561198254923900,Recommended,237890,20615878,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kyo Uzuki,one thing i have to say is this game is SUPER LONG! am just now about done with it but it is a fun game and is worth your money. but buy it on sale cause you will need a little DLC to move along in the game. cause without it is even harder. so this is a game that if you want wait till it is on sale and buy it and so you can get some of the DLC for sale with it. so this is a game you can put alot of hours in for fun. but if you want to make it easer wait till it is on sale so you can buy some DLC with it.
76561198040170982,Recommended,237890,20435805,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Arvindr,"This game is alright, the dialogue can occasionally be pretty stale and stereotypical, but the combat is fun and the decision that are needed to progress the story keep it interesting"
76561198035332447,Recommended,237890,20602024,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,geogyf,truly epic in scope.
76561198045270373,Recommended,237890,20818345,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,✪ Kaizer™ | Gamdom.com,Feels like playing Final Fantasy Tactics again.
76561198039906235,Recommended,237890,20511756,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,b78,"Awesome, underrated game. I have it on my iPad too, but PC is the best place to get this one; keyboard/mouse control works better than gamepad or touchscreen, and more importantly, there's a way to speed up the native frame-rate (you can google it) which I recommend utilizing -- the game's pace is sort of sluggish otherwise, but once you know the tweak, you can set the in-game animations as fast or slow as you like. There's also a Wikia and some FAQs online you'll want to bookmark and utilize for reference -- the game has tutorial info, but doesn't really explain all that much by itself. Some aspects of the game can be fairly mysterious if you don't investigate a bit, and there are some interesting things you'll discover as you get to know the game better.If you like old-school, turn-based tactics-style gameplay that you can sink many hours into, and you like general JRPG weirdness and plenty of loot, this one is great. It deserved way better than the reviews it got when it was released, it's just not for all tastes. There is a dating-sim element to the game that seemed to be overmarketed -- it's a minor element to the game, and just adds a little pleasant variety to the adventure. You'll play through multiple generations of characters, breeding one of three cute anime girls in each generation to produce new characters for the next. The pathways available to play and the characters you get will depend on the girls you woo, which depends on the various multiple-choice style choices you make at various points in the game. They seem kind of superficial on the surface, but actually produce more meaningful gameplay variations than you might expect.One thing to note: the DLC packs can massively overpower you, so you may not want to go too overboard on those. You do have the option to selectively enable/disable them when you start a new game, and kind of pick and choose what you want injected. I got a few that came with mine when I bought it and ended up disabling the majority of them. I found the balance I'm liking best so far is to play on hard, but give myself one or two advanced weapons at the onset (and maybe some extra EP and TP points, as the game is a bit stingy handing those out). Even one advanced weapon too early will make things fairly easy though, at least once you understand what you're doing, so approach DLC with caution.If you think you might like this game, but have held back because of so-so reviews -- stop holding back. Indulge! I haven't tried the sequels yet but this one is really addictive. In summary:+ Great turn-based combat that's complex enough to be really interesting, but not so complex it’s intimidating to learn.+ Divergent paths and the option to focus on characters you like best, which invites multiple playthroughs.+ Cute dating-sim/generation breeding mechanic.+ Great graphics and art and animations if you like old-school and/or Japanese games.+ Can tweak frame-rate and other back-end things with PC version to improve feel of gameplay.+ Keyboard/mouse works better than gamepad/touchscreen.+ Lots of loot and enjoyable DLC packs (but they can overpower you quickly).+ Japanese voices (no English dubbing). To me this is a plus for this style of game.+ Generally addictive, charming gameplay.~ You'll probably need to do some googling and Wikia-ing to get the most out of this game; aspects of it are a bit inscrutable without a little research.- Looks kinda crappy maxed to fullscreen on a big, high-resolution monitor -- I set mine windowed at anywhere between 720p-1080p range of resolutions, and find that feels about right for the game visually.- Slow at first, takes some patience and getting into.- Animations sluggish until you tweak the game settings on the back-end and bump up the framerate."
76561198002774794,Not Recommended,237890,14004302,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ApexHawk,"It's really bad, but just about worth the 5€ I spent on it.What it is is a long, epic JRPG-Tactical RPG hybrid in the vein of Disgaea and Fire Emblem. It has an overarching story spanning multiple generations of heroes, and revolves around *sigh* heroes of Light battling the forces of Darkness. This epic battle is expressed through a scrappy young group of heroes, most of them female, doing... stuff.. that.. saves the world? Honestly, it's all very generic, but also kinda demeaning in a way. At one point they basically ripped off the one ring from LoTR, and I could just sit there and be dumbfounded by how blatant they were being about it....sorry, lost my train of thoughtThe game has a turn based battle system, that revolves around combination attacks with your 6 party members. Think Disgaea. Unlike Disgaea though, the battles all take place on a small flat plane, and your characters always start from the same position. This, combined with the mandatory, enforced grinding and slow skill progression means that you will be fighting many, many fights doing exactly the same thing over and over, and taking way too many clicks to do so. The battles are still probably the best part of the game, since they still involve some tactical manouvering and some flashy explosions and skills, but there are still too many of them. Thankfully, there's auto-battle, which allows you to let the computer fight for you, even if it has the tendency to unload unnecessary ammounts of of damage on a single demonic fly.The game's story is awful. Feels like absolutely no effort was put on the writing, each scene passes with a hurried pace without really explaining anything, yet the main story is quite sluggishly paced due to all the grinding you have to do. The main character (of the first story) is about as bland as a piece of toast, but weirdly enough, the female characters aren't given much to do either. There are no side conversations or dates or backstory conversations or anything. There is a light-dark moral choice system in the game, and your choices cause some girls to like or dislike you more, but the game never explains to you the benefits of those systems, and better yet, doesn't even hint at you which of your choices is which. Arbitrary choices, like taking the longer route to the city, suddenly turn you into a renegade hero, and cause the thief lady to suddenly shun you. What? It may be just the fault of poor translating, but a good story this is not.There is some noticeable effort in this game, though. The music and art are on the whole, quite good, and all the lines are fully voiced in japanese. There is a TON of content in this game, multiple storylines which, though they may be bad, will still take a while to complete. Lots of things to unlock, though they may be just numerical upgrades, and as I mentioned, the combat system does have it's moments (when you're not just blazing through with the overpowered DLC weapons the game gives you) All that content though, is spread much too thin, and the core gameplay is much too linear and restrictive to really work. The game's kept me coming back a few times to see some more sights and hopefully unlock some more super skills, but at the moment the progress is still hidden behind 25 identical mandatory random encounters.Pick it up on the next sale, if you're feeling parched. if you're looking for a Fire Emblem style game on the PC, I suggest looking torwards an early access title Massive Chalice. It does the same thing as this game much, much better, at the cost of not having waifus in it. It's still unfinished, but check it out, you'll enjoy it more than this."
76561198000066930,Recommended,237890,7565884,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,SF Phoenix,"For JRPG/Anime fans (only?). Plays like FFTactics/Fire Emblem, although non-boss battles may start to feel repetitive. Feels like playing/watching one long anime series."
,Recommended,237890,20780082,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,drone110266,great game in concept just could not get into it
,Recommended,237890,20879051,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MalXenos,"Turn based, breeding game that I do love, played more on the consoles then on PC sadly since the game is a big time investment"
76561198140454399,Recommended,237890,21313520,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,LaneDurham,Deffinitly want to at least finish the story in this game.
,Recommended,237890,23797745,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lord. Nalsala,would i recommend this game ?yes i would but i guess i'm a bit of a rpg addict ;)so why would i rec this game ?+interesting story+intuitive fight system even if a bit classig for the genre+ the gen system give a good replay value andis a good point for the series in my book+long! i'm at almost 22hours and i'm far from the end ! (yeah i usually take my time in rpg but still )-well the only real black mark for me would be it can be quite slow at time(ps: great Waifus ! )
,Recommended,237890,19685307,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mistor1982,In this anime/game you read a ton of text hidden under the guise of a tactical rpg. If you have played Cross Edge or any other game like it you know what to expect. Also apparently you can have kids and shape their destiny. I fell asleep before any of this occured. 10/10
,Recommended,237890,18636310,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ghola,Love this game. Play as the hero then multiple generations of his children and gran children and so on to defeat some evil god thingy. I did enjoy that the choices I made affected the type of child of the next generation you would get.Worth a look if its on sale but you may want to consider all the DLC's to avoid a lot of grinding.
,Recommended,237890,15966244,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kydra,Nice game
76561198062546037,Recommended,237890,9018471,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Nova DragonX,little slow at the start but it is getting good havnt got alot of hours yet but i hope it gets betterwould recommend this game for any RPG/JRPG fan
,Not Recommended,237890,16225693,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,wakzabozak,"Sunk well over 100 hours into the game, and I still wouldn't recommend it.Agarest's greatest value is the massive amount of main quest content.  However, the gameplay becomes tedious and repetitive.   It's fighitng against itself.Not terrible, but it wasn't fun for very long either.   I should quit and move on to the next game, but I hate leaving anything unfinished."
,Recommended,237890,7790854,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ECDC5343,This game is a great exectution of the RPG genre
,Recommended,237890,7326772,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Lynx Baron of Noodles,"If you are looking for an old school Japanese RPG, this game is for you! Turn based, plus plenty of upgrades, makes this an enjoyable game for any experienced rpg player. While the text is in english. the audio is strictly japanese. The help section could be more robust, novice rpg players may have a hard time, but still a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,237890,7797508,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bob Likes Pie99,"Agarest: Generations of War is one of the best JRPG/SRPG games I have played. While it's certaintly no Fire Emblem or Final Fantasy Tactics, it is still a very fun game."
76561198052384941,Recommended,237890,7976202,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pimpasaur,"This game was definitely one of the greatest JRPGs I've ever played. The story was extremely gripping. The characters, loveable. The gameplay, fluid and smooth. But most of all, the moves, quite possibly the flashiest I've ever seen.This game is extremely strategy-oriented and would absolutely fulfill the desire of any strategist who loves anime/manga. For anyone that has a love for Japanimation, This game is not only a game, but a full-on experience. At the end of the game, you're left in tears about how righteous it ended. Truly nothing has ever made me cry as much as this ending.In conclusion, BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,237890,7999634,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Rasseru,From the same makers of the classic game of Thousand arms. This game has hours of turn base puzzle in a RPG style. Make up a strategy to fight off monster and flirt with girls for a future wife. ;-)After you think the game is over??? Get back into battle and play as the next generation of warriors who have to save the world again. What path would you pick... What ending would you end up with?
76561198013431177,Recommended,237890,8189902,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sparkiemonkey,Great Japanese RTS rpg. Like The Last Remnant meets Phantom Brave.
,Recommended,237890,7828751,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,willace,"Finally, a J.SRPG ported to PC!I am sold as soon as I saw Japanese voice over.If you love JP voice over game this is a must buy."
,Recommended,237890,7877826,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,marcosthejellymonster,"big fan of the first game , i can honestly say that this game is probaly one of the best tactics games out there good storyline as well as charector growth , the only thing that is keeping me from giving it a ten is that it lacks the charactor interaction level of the first game which was pretty nice"
,Recommended,237890,7877980,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jeztic,Love the old school fill to this game.  If your wanting a good strategy I would say get it
,Recommended,237890,7701087,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,The Prinny,"So much to do, so much to see. It combine visual novel and tactical rpg for the better. It starts really easy but as the story progress each battles get harder and harder. About 100hr in and still loving this game!"
,Not Recommended,237890,7660218,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,dogComplex_,Buying this is the worst decision I've ever made in my life behind playing Final Fantasy X-2
76561198073194225,Recommended,237890,7465292,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,❤Kawaii Desu❤,"A very good game, tons of hours of fun."
76561198082561099,Recommended,237890,7439021,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,willyyy,this game made to my top 10 with just the first time playing it!
,Recommended,237890,10624223,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ludwin,Best jrpg ever.
,Recommended,237890,10625412,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fioyl,"I remember playing this a couple years back on console, and I could feel the wave of nostalgia wash over me as soon as I heard the menu music. It's not for everyone, but if you like grid based jrpgs like disgaea, then this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,237890,13976008,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Shteak,"Its like Final fantasy, chess, japanese dating sim, pokemon, skyrim, and honor. all jammed into one game,  this game has the feels the fights and the friggen awsome that make a good game. Almost forgot about the story(do people even care about story?), awsome story 20/10, makes the easy mode not boring and gameplay that makes hard mode a challenge and not an task for an immortal being with no social life.100/10 would play on every dificulty twice(PS: multiple save is great, HINT HINT!)"
,Recommended,237890,13647718,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crazycujo,Haven't gotten too far but it is an interesting twist on RPGs that I have played so far. The combat can either be straighforwad or you can be tatical about it. Never played an RPG that also acts as a dating sim as well (i.e. you can build a relationship on what you do/say to the female protagonists and if you get a score high enough you marry them and the next generation takes over...hence generations of war). I'm going to rate this one as a positive experience so far even though the developers give you OP weapons that are game breaking. I just turned those off when I started my game and everything was challenging like it should be.
76561198028655051,Not Recommended,237890,14980416,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,[SoS]Chaos_Genasi,could have been better
,Recommended,237890,7775910,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,zeroblu3,Very good old skool JRPG ;)
76561197995178532,Recommended,237890,7512175,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,MrGruntly,got a spare 4-6 hundred hours to burn? wanna play a strategy jrpg? then here's a game for you
,Not Recommended,237890,14995489,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Chicken Hunter,"Since I bought the preorder I got stuff that helped me reach halfway trough the second chapter without farming alot, but halfway trough chapter two my only option was to farm until I could finnish one or tow missions then it was back to farming.... So the game is padded to ♥♥♥♥ing hell, if you don't want to play the same fight for hours at an end so that you can level up don't buy this game."
76561198064912434,Recommended,237890,11596548,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Commander Hashbrowns,"I like this game. I promise. Now let me explain why I'm SO ♥♥♥♥ING ANGRY AT IT.It's probably the closest thing to Fire Emblem that you can get in terms of the art, gameplay and genre. Otherwise, go get XCOM. The characters are cute, and the dialogue is funny in that weirdly-translated sort of way... it's not a unique story, and the characters are nothing new, but the silliness of it kind of helps you engage with it. The DLC is probably really good for a second run through the game, because it makes the first portion of it unfairly easy, thus you can get to the more challenging and strategically demanding sections of the game in a smaller amount of time. But, eventually it does even out, and it's gradual, so it's not like you're unprepared for when the difficulty becomes reasonable again.The battles can get kind of boring, and I just discovered (after nearly 100 hours playing) that you can skip the animation of the moves by pressing B on an X360 controller (I haven't been using mouse and keyboard at all) which keeps the battles to a more reasonable length.HOWEVER. Save constantly. It will not be necessary 99% of the time, but if you only save when you know you're about to have a tough fight, that one surprise encounter that kills you can set you back hours. Like the five hours I just wasted because I didn't save before a fight that I had NO IDEA WAS COMING.Pros:CuteApparently engaging enough to spend 100+ hours onEngages your sense of strategy decently wellWomen (and dudes, if that's your thing) in revealing dressNot sure if pro or con:The dialogue is incredibly silly, and not necessarily on purposeIt's really, really long...DLC is super OP for first section of the gameCons:No autosaveNothing graphics-wise that couldn't have been done on the PS2No ♥♥♥♥ING autosaveGeneric storyI'M NOT KIDDING ABOUT THAT AUTOSAVE, IF.Fr srs, if you got this in a sale at some point, have at it. It's good enough."
,Recommended,237890,11738100,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,NineTailGoddess,"Took a little getting use to but having a blast with it now! Totally recommended if you like RPG + Dating Sim style Japanese-Ports. If you don't know what that is... You work towards a relationship with one of the girls through your decisions. Get to know them, date them, marry them have a kid. Well Generations = your kid now has his own adventure, finds a girl, gets married, has a kid. That kid does the same. And then he has a kid and does the same. (Yes, I think there are 4 in total.) either way, really fun turn based RPG. Fighting can get old but it's got a lot jam packed into it."
,Not Recommended,237890,11942165,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kuari999,A poor alternative to the Disgaea series with dating sim elements involving some of the most unlikeable characters I've ever seen in a video game and that's saying something.  Not the worst game I've ever played but definitely one I regret purchasing.
,Recommended,237890,11937971,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kinny_Manuell,"I bought this Game on PS3 a long time ago, this is an awesome Port of it and I feel glad to have bought it!Something about playing it on PC makes it a lot more enjoyable than on a Console. The extras you can buy add to the early segments also!"
,Recommended,237890,11916916,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kingsley Go,"A classical RPG game, highly recommended. Be prepared to spend time for leveling etc just like any other RPG. If you don't have the patience, I will recommend you not to buy :) Reminds me of Generation of Chaos, though"
,Recommended,237890,11911124,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Maguro Man,Waifu-Simulator with battle system.Best game since real life girls are scary.
,Recommended,237890,11068801,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Katsu,"Love this game. the story is different, the battle system keeps you planning ahead and the soul breed system is something elseBut as much as i love it there is a hatred to low funds and OP bosses but just get some dlc and show em up ^(^^)^"
76561198022979849,Recommended,237890,11629703,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Sgt. Brown,"It's kinda like Final Fantasy Tactics, except it's twice as long and without the job choice.You also get to choose your bride. 5 times. Because it totally doesn't promote any sort of unethical relationship chain.The music is good though, and much like FFT the gameplay is solid. The story is... well... I guess it's fine, at least so far into the 1st Generation."
,Not Recommended,237890,11631744,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,BentoFox,"So far I can't really recommend it.The battle system is -immensely- tedious, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not!If you compare the battle system with, for instance, that of Tales of Symphonia --- then the one in Agarest: Generations of War will yield battles which take like 10x longer, simply because of the many pointless actions that need to be taken -before- you can actually take an action.From what I've seen so far, it's also pretty much ""battle after battle"" with little stuff inbetween to make it less dull.Yes, you can walk on the map, but not freely. There's ""waypoints"" you have to walk along~ no free exploration.Further, in the instances where you can actually control the player as a character that moves accross terrain, you'll  find that the areas are shoddily done - and that exploration is very tedious because there's invisible blockades which make you walk back and forth while triggering many very annoying ""surprise battles"" which you can't skip.Combat can, unfortunately, not be sped up either~I figured that maybe there was an option to speed up animation speed or at least disable the text-overlay animations to speed it up ... but there is no such thing.For me: It's too tedious to play."
,Recommended,237890,15960626,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,235U,"I liked how the battle system is implemented. If you have ever played Chess, then character movements during battle is similar to Chess pieces. Basically, each character has points to spend on cell positioning, skill usage, distance between each party members, distance between enemy(-ies) and party members. Pretty much, a ""calculated move"".The battle part of the game consists of Moving Phase and Action Phase. The Moving Phase as the name suggests moves the party's members on each cell in the ""Chess board"". The Action Phase is where whoever has the highest AGI will act first. So it is important to plan well during the previous phase. On the Battle Phase, you can do combo attacks either using only one party member or multiple party members; assuming the required skills, skill sequence(s), skill points, and party member linkages are met. Using consumable items during the Battle Phase does use up your character's points.The party also has different formations that you can choose before going into battle. But you have to achieve or unlock those battle formations.Skills. You have to gather ingredients or go to quests to pick up some skills. You need to use the gold gathered to ""buy"" the skills or exchange the points you received for the skills but you still have to have the required items for that skill.You have to go through four or five generations. Each generation will be selecting your own bride at the end. If you care about the story, then you won't even notice that it is repetitive; will not get bored. But if you care only for the ""bride"" at the end or just want to see the ending, then you may feel bored. This game is not for you.I have only finished the first and second generations. And each generation's protagonist has its own personality that may be inherited from the previous. The stats of the next generation's protagonist are determined by the stats of the bride that you choose.FYI: I play on the game mode ""hard/difficult"". It is not boring. Maybe the others are playing the normal mode so they are feeling this game is repetitive and boring; and care more about the ending than the story progress itself.You will be spending a lot of your time playing this game. At times, you won't even notice that you already played for 12 to 13 hours and still more things to do. Happened to me."
,Recommended,237890,16405841,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gambit5050,I love RTS games. This game is very good and lots of fun to play. And a japanesse RTS is even better. I recommend the whole series.
76561198072074687,Not Recommended,237890,16406144,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,41 | Syntax,"This game is long... Like REALLY long. Currently only 2% of the people who own this have finished generation 5. 98% have not finished the game. I played nearly 50 hours and gave up. I enjoyed the battle formula a lot at the beginning, but it never changed significantly and too many encounters seperate too little story progress. If you really enjoy this type of tatical combat by all means try it, but know that you'll be in for the long haul. I would love to play an abridged version of this game."
,Recommended,237890,15909109,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Saganakis,"Okay, I absolutely love this game. I'll keep the intro short and just say that's I've already played it on XBox and still bought it to play over the computer. It's fantastic! (I got the Collector's bundle thing on sale and it came with some DLC, Music, and Art. Pretty cool!)Over all, the game play is simple and easy to pick up. The first three battles are (annoyingly) very tutorial. It's a bit over bearing how much of a tutorial there is for fighting. On the other hand, everything else outside of direct player control is pretty confusing and not explained well. At least, in my opinion.My favorite thing is that your actions affect how others think of you (well specifically the main three female leads). In future games, it's everyone, but in this game it's the three main female leads. Well three female leads per generation. It's awesome! If you allow someone to fall in love with you, you will have a child who will have both of your stats mixed. It's actually pretty cool. Then you do it again for the next generation, then the next generation, for a total of five generations.(Though I highly recommend not concentrating on using the leads too much as they eventually disappear when you move on to the next generation. Or at least level up everyone evenly.)There are also multiple endings. ""Bad"", ""Good"", ""Neutral"", and ""True"" endings. All of them are interesting and over all the story is cool. It's like five mini stories in one giant story. I really like this game, and the series in general is fantastic."
,Not Recommended,237890,16051220,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,NateWalley,as a fan of jrpg i had high hopes for this game and honestly it was boring the story was lackluster the combat is stail and boring and it provides little gratification to victory or any profression tutorial is boring and takes away control from player if you like slow slow slow jrpgs with hand holding its not bad but its in no way a good get in a go jrpg so take my review with a grain of salt
,Recommended,237890,16708778,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hikari.ws,"If you don't know Agarest yet, it's a turn-based tatic JRPG merged with date simulation.Battles happen in turns in which each char has an amount of Action Points to use moving and attacking. Not used AP is saved for next turn, till a cap of 2x basic AP. Battles aren't repetitive at all, because in each one the enemies are in different positions. Each char has his own special tiles relative to his own, we position chars based on these special tiles so that they can attack in sequence.Skills can be combined for combos, for that skills can come from the same char or from different chars attacking together. Combos are much more powerful than normal skills, so positioning is very important. When attacking, a char may move, which can break positions and require repositioning, that makes planning even more important.Scenarios are 3D and chars are 2D sprites. Sometimes we have sequence of battles that we must handle with no free healing or rezzing or possibility to leave. Sometimes we must walk in 3D areas where the same survivability restrictions are imposed.The game has a good story worth watching. Story progresses between 2 or 3 battles, they alternate very well to avoid we getting bored. Story happens by showing HD sprites of chars in front of nice 2D scenarios. We have good jap voices subbed in english, BIG point for leaving original voices intact at the same time we can understand everything!!There is a little date simulation. Instead of most novels that we just click a button and watch a linear story, here we have an actual game to play. The game has 5 generations (I'm on 2nd), on which the protagonist meets 3 girls who fell in love for him. During story we must make choices that get the girls more or less attracted to the protagonist. In the end of each generation, we must choose one of the girls we are enough attracted, the protagonist marries her and they have a son, that will be protagonist of next generation. The protagonist and the 3 girls leave the game, while other chars remain. We have good variety of girls, in body and personality, and we get attached to them during the story.In general I really liked the game, it's a very good merge of interactive RPG with date simulation.There are some cons:- Even with only 2 battles between events and battles being somehow different, I still get bored of them and don't find me playing more than 3 per day. That may be good though, so I don't spend too much time on the game.- Story is too slow paced. Some parts could be cut out without losing anything. Having battles between events, story gets even slower, they should really not have made the game so big.- There are too many chars, leading to not having space for all of them talk in every event. Sometimes they just show up with a unique speach of little relevance, just to remember they exist. Vashtor in example, appears on the begining of generation 2, we're never told his origins or why he's chosen to stay on the team, and the rare moments he says something it has no relevance. It seems he was added at a late development iteration to fill a battle hole and the story was already finished.- Plot is too innocent. It's not because it's a fantasy world that it must seem aimed to kids. Some USA cartoons have plot more complex than this one.- Some girls are very pretty and we're not allowed to choose them to marry. Ellis-chan is by far the best and I can't choose her. Choices are hardly related to seduce the girls and the protagonist does nothing at all to justify they falling in love for him, or even to get the team accepting him as their leader. Team is just loyal to him and girls are in love, just like that.- The game requires grinding. There are P2W DLÇs available, I got 1 when I bought the package of 3 games, and still I feel the need for grinding. There's not also the possibility of tanking, I frequently have my lovely Ellis-chan getting killed and nobody can protect her at all. Due to positioning and her moving when going to attack, I can't keep her far enough from enemies. There should have at least a taunt skill.- Instead of just getting to the next shop and buying better gear, we have some guys on town that can build stuff for us, and we must get books that teach them how to build. Seems a cool idea, but was badly implemented. Most books are just bought on the neightboor shop anyway, it'd be better if we'd find them somewhere or earn them somehow. Once I get my team equiped on the begining of the generation or when I get a new char, I hardly find a better gear for them. At first I thought it was due to the P2W DLÇ, but now my gear is getting weak and I can't find anything better, I can't find anything new at all!!- Some scenes deserved animation. Story events aren't animated, they are just the HD 2D sprite with different faces and arm positions. Sometimes the story requires movement, and the game simply have no feature to illustrate that. Generally they solve it by not having the action on screen and having a nice sound to make us imagine it happening.Update: with 46h of gameplay I reached generation 3. It seems to be gonna be fun, but battles are getting too hard even with 1 DLÇ I earned when bought the game. So I'm gonna restart it and play on easy mode and following a guide to unlock all content."
,Recommended,237890,17180664,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Wheat,8.5/10 Too much is amiss - IGN
,Recommended,237890,17248617,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,RewChamploo,"10/10 Super Short ReviewsJust get it, it's totally worth the life you lose spending time playing it."
76561198131334476,Recommended,237890,17260165,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Vasparian,"This is a very good JRPG. There are way to many JRPG cliches to name. But if you have a problem wtih JRPG cliches, you probably shouldn't keep playing JRPGS. There is a TON of stuff to do in this game.  The way the generations play out reminds me of Phantasy Star 3, but so much better. The game play reminds me of games like Vandal Hearts and Shining Force. If you are looking for a deep Strategy RPG, this is not what you are looking for. If you want that type of SRPG, then stick with Tactics Ogre or Final Fantasy Tactics.  I would also suggest avoiding all the DLC unless you just want to rush through the game. The DLC is primarly super powered weapons and armor. In closing, great game with a lot to do."
,Not Recommended,237890,17035797,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Potato,"This game has a lot of potential. You should take my review with a grain of salt because I haven't played many JRPGs, but overall, by the second generation, I found myself barely able to do damage. I may have missed something, but it's a steep learning curve for sure."
76561198150958587,Recommended,237890,17023647,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,crimsonwolf8439,"I'm only an hour into this game an i'm already astounded by the quality of the this jrpg. It has a amazing story, crazy good balance of characters and excellent combat system. The only thing about this game that is kind of unpleasant is the battles feel too long and tiresome to play. It is almost like they force you to battle instead of actually getting that sense of understanding that it's a warzone, you see monsters and that's great because more stuff to kill.Also personally, the game feels inclined to the loli side."
,Not Recommended,237890,17026261,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Gamer Shezma,"I felt like I was just rushing the game to get to the next  generation and plot point. If you like tactic like jrpg's and it's on sale go for it. Otherwise pass, too repetitive."
,Recommended,237890,7318045,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,RozalynHeart,This game has a great battle phase and story. I haven't played alot but what i have has been awesome. :D
,Recommended,237890,12212519,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,h0nk,pretty fun game but after banging a girl in the game my son turned into some dancer♥♥♥♥♥♥so i stopped playing
76561198072766360,Recommended,237890,13373731,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Damon igneous,the story is cool but the fighting could be better
76561197977695708,Recommended,237890,15820378,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SIlent_PInes,"Good Game. I have played 3 Agarest games and so far, I believe that the first one is better than the other two. I just wish that they would have the Agarest: Generations of War 2 graphics installed into the first one.-Story line is good. The game isn't super long so it doesn't require an abnormal amount of time playing and concentrating on the game. Play the game at your own pace.-Game mechanics are interesting. The sequel to this game has a slightly different mechanic which was interesting but made things slightly confusing.Overall, it's a great game and I will continue to play the series and other games the company releases."
,Recommended,237890,15832253,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rhaven,"Overall i found Agarest: GoW  to lack a good solid story. The game-play was not bad, you have to like turn based RPGs. i am not a fan of the move phase, id rather just pick attack or spells and target a guy kinda like Final fantasy or Suikoden games.  The way to combo skills and many character attacks was interesting and allowed you to pump out some serious damage in boss fights.The game has its own dating sim within the game, your main character in each generation can pick between 3 other characters. Through out the game you can make choices that affect how they feel towards you.But to the main reason you are reading reviews. Should you buy this game?For the Story? No, you can do better.For the game play?  if your a fan of turn based combat then yes.For the time invested?  Yes, This game is long!! lots of fights lots of talking lots of things to fiddle around with. Even to just play it for something to do there is a lot of time that can be invested in this game. and the length is worth the price.OnHowlongtobeat.comthe Main story they guess is about 87 hours.  (Poor accuracy rating) Main and extra 148 hours. (Poor accuracy rating) They might be off by a bit but that is still a lot of game time."
76561198044793455,Recommended,237890,7764407,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zentetsuken,If you liked Final Fantasy Tactics then you will love this
76561198061225607,Recommended,237890,24107378,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Confused Boi,This game is great if you want a jrpg that has loads of content to offer however you need to figure things out yourself as the game's tutorials don't explain everything
,Recommended,237890,23792619,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lolz,"good game, but the dlc made it boringalthough you can choose not to use it, still leave a bad tasteso, after try it and see the dlc, refundi suggest to buy the 2nd one, you won't get dlc as include"
76561198151540110,Recommended,237890,24177410,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mrvanveldhuizen14,"This game gave me 100s of hours of entertainment, literaly. Interesting story and fun gameplay. I am a big fan and I think everyone should play this game. Easily one of my favorite games I have played."
76561197968928855,Recommended,237890,32677282,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Fun concept of and RPG that takes place of generations. If you can get past the over sexualized cartoons (or you're into that sort of thing) it's a coll concept and a decent turn-based strategy RPG.
,Not Recommended,237890,33203243,Posted: 3 July,all,Elda King,"I don't play many JRPGs but was looking for a good one to get into and this one called my attention: combat and gameplay looked deep, the generation system sounded really cool and hinted at an epic story through long times, setting and art weren't immediately bad.It was terrible. The plot was very poorly written, pretty much a huge collection of cliches and cheesy dialogue. Characters weren't appealing. The combat system wasn't so bad, a bit wonky perhaps but might improve... but the game quickly reminded me of how grindy JRPGs can be, way too much pointless and boring stuff to do right from the start. Perhaps it gets interesting later, but I couldn't get past the beginning."
,Recommended,237890,33166686,Posted: 2 July,all,Nact,Awesome tactical rpg
,Recommended,237890,33645209,Posted: 18 July,all,Rin,"traditional jrpg games, the story is pretty good but the gameplay is too slow"
76561198003660042,Recommended,237890,33651623,Posted: 19 July,all,DaiGuren,"Although the battles do tend to be easy and get repetitive as the story goes on, the end game boundary plane is where you can really enjoy this battle system to the fullest."
