user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,237990,32383237,Posted: 13 June,all,Iuliana,"Gorgeous atmosphere that stays with you long after you finish the game. Mature story and consequences. An unforgettable game that is in a category of its own. Like it or hate it, you must try it out for yourself, since there is nothing quite like it out there."
,Recommended,237990,16913255,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""A tale is but half told when only one person tells it."" -The Saga of Grettir the Strong, Chapter 46The gods are dead. The sun never leaves the horizon, shining on boundless wastes of tundra. The land is torn between men, giants known as varl and armored creatures known as dredge, neither carry any reason to trust each other. A new day dawns, and the world is at the brink of turmoil, weary of old wars, always anticipating new wars; nearly void of hope. In such a time, you take the role of leading a caravan across frozen wastes to its destiny.You play the parts of many characters, make their choices and endure the consequences while discovering the beautifully weaved tale of the realm. Each and every character that you lead tell a story of their own in this Nordic, war-thorn saga. Each choice that you make affects your chances of survival, and makes you approach one step closer to your destination. The setting is incredibly rich, expected from any proper RPG game. Every road, landmark, settlement, mountain or forest; every region depicted on the map contains its own local history. The lore is complete and refreshing.To begin with, the game contains a diverse gameplay, bringing together elements of adventure, role-playing and strategy games. The adventure elements are directly affecting the story, and the outcome of your choices twist and turn to present you alternative destinies. Combats are turn-based in isometric maps, and gameplay is fairly easy to grasp. Yet 'fairly easy to grasp' quickly turns into 'hard to master'. You are able to level up your characters with renown, a kind of currency that you may gain through heroism either in adventure choices or by slaying your adversaries in battle field. Alongside leveling, you are capable of gathering minor and major items to enhance your heroes furthermore.The Banner Sagapresents a direct example for my reason to become a gamer: a story to be told. The game satisfied all my expectations thoroughly. I do not wish to present any spoilers, but it is safe to declare that the story of the realm is not finished in this game. Good news is thatThe Banner Saga 2is in development. Cheers!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,237990,18730456,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Mesmerizing & unforgettable // Recommended even at full price+ Top-shelf voice-acting (what little there is, unfortunately)+ Gorgeous environmental visuals; backdrops have clearly been painstakingly created+ Spectacular toon-inspired animations; work well in practice, & contrast well with the somber tone of the game+ Soundtrack is quite moving, & is implemented perfectly+ Rich in lore; the world map is a great place to read up on different regions and their history+ The need for balance of supplies outside of battle adds significant planning & depth to the meta game+ When the caravan is moving, the player is confronted with myriad choices (similar to Oregon Trail), most of which are difficult; one's decisions often have large ripples that deeply affect the course of the narrative+ Combat system is superb; simple & easy to learn, but rife with nuance that makes for a satisfying experience (& encourages practice & experimentation)+ Competent & well-delivered narrative; dialogue is uniformly well-written+ Does well to showcase adult themes & the gravity of difficult decisions+ The 'War' mechanic is well-handled, & adds another layer of depth & challenge to enemy encounters; choices made here will affect the enemy strength that you encounter, as well as casualties along your entire caravan+ Balance of morale & willpower, on & off the battlefield, will keep one on one's toes- Occasional, momentary drops in framerate during caravan marchesLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198064654416,Recommended,237990,12866988,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,lin-chong,"A nice game, really loved it.+ Great athmosphere.+ Beautiful.+ Interesting fights.+ Every choice has consequences... Often huge, life-and-death consequences.But:- You don't really care about most characters.- There is a big gap in difficulty between all previous fights and the final boss. Needing an archer with a specific set up for that fight only makes that harder."
76561198042695787,Recommended,237990,32748594,Posted: 24 June,all,Maxss2,"About the only complaint I have about this game is the fact that it feels almost designed from the ground-up to be a tablet-interface-style game (that always annoys me when I'm using a mouse and keyboard, just a personal pet-peeve)... but that's it.The music is awesome. The combat is challenging and definitely causes you to think very carefully about the people you bring to the fights you engage in and how you go about fighting them. The voice acting is very good, if a little on the sparse side for me... and the art... my god, the visuals are STUNNING. I didn't think that a still image with some small smoke and flame elements could evoke my shock before I reached a particular point in this game. The characters are all drawn very well, and each character is very distinct from each other. I confess that I'm a little lost and haven't learned names, but I can tell that I'm eager to finish my first playthrough and then rack up again to try some different choices... To say nothing of getting around to the second game in the saga....Bottom line, a steal at the sale price, a solid investment of money and time at its regular price."
,Recommended,237990,8718971,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kenuty,"The story itself starts off with humans and varl(giants) trying to bond thier alliance when suddenly everyone getting attacked by the armies of dredge (stonelike people) and are forced to travel away to confront this diaster, as you travel the lands you'll discover friends, encounter wars, and make choices that will change the outcome of your party. You'll be playing this game from the perspective of two different caravans.What an amazing game for its value, The art in this game is fantastic, the story is also very well done and the music is phenominal you'll enjoy this game if you enjoy turn table tatic with great art, story, and music with a viking theme to the entire game. only cutscenes had voice acting and that was pretty good. The only things I thought was meh in the game was is how a unit must kill off a unit to level up otherwise he'll stay level 1 forever so you'll have to really decide who you want to level up, the limited special moves  that each of the units had (which is 1) for each char, and  the lack of voice acting during the events scenes but this is understandable due to the fact that its an indie title and the focus of the budget was on everything else. So hopeful for future sequels to be even better.The game itself is really hard due to the fact that you cannot heal your units in this game so you have to make your turn wisely,  Your units only levels up if they get the last kill which I was meh about, but the choices you make to either level up your army, buy some items, or supplies for the travel is gutwrenching making the game really challenging, especially since choices you make can effect your entire party and army and your currency (renown) is so limited.There is many heroes to gather during your travel which you'll get to interact with at camp as you travel to learn about them. The travel itself which reminds me of oregon trail a bit,  is enjoyable to watch as your little army travel the lands and the events with decisions unfold for you to decide on how your battle will be or what the outcomes will be.  The map itself presents a sizeable amount of lore about the land itself and there are more to read as you travel.+Good story with good amount of lore and character interactions.+Great Art.+Music is fantastic.+much replayability due to choices you make in the game, also there is interaction with the heroes at camp.+its a 20 dollar game and have a good amount of hour in it, 10+-wish there was voice acting during the traveling event, lots of reading and text-each char only has one skill, not everyone has a buncha skills to utilize and the leveling is really straightforward since you can only level chars up to level 5 max, would love to see expansion of this-No multiplayer of any sort in this one, singleplayer only you'll have to play THE BANNER SAGA FACTIONS for this."
76561198033454368,Not Recommended,237990,20483999,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Knight,"Fantastically well done story and presentation, but one of the most AWFUL gameplay designs imagineable.Story+Dialogue: 9/10Presentation: 10/10Gameplay: 5/10The banner saga tells the epic tale of individuals fighting for survival in a dying world that dead Gods no longer watch over.The story was great, interesting characters, dramatic plot twists, and serious consequences you wont see coming.Your choices DO matter. And while watching the overworld slowly crumble under the pressure of enemies, there are many fun choices you'll make.The story itself did have problems. The transitions between parties as well as the beginnng felt clunky, as if it was trying too hard to force too much information onto the users at once, especially in the beginning where you don't understand the concept of renown. Without giving away spoilers, some companions seemed to be set up to have arcs of conversations that never happened, as well as characters that were just thrown in with no personality at all.To quote Narushima, whos review I found sad but true:""Oh look at that, you just lost two of your best characters forever because you clicked the wrong choices in a conversation that seemed trivial. Have fun trying to play with those lvl 1 or 2 characters that you were never interested in in the first place and who will never be able to do the same job! :)""""Oh no, you have no way of knowing how many days your journey will last, and therefore how much supplies you need, because you're never told, and half the time it's not even clear where you're going.""""What's that, you thought you could explore more than one reply option in that dialog, because that's how they pretty much all work? Nope, not this time, and now you're stuck with a dumb decision you would have never chosen. You're welcome!""The above statements are witty insults to the story, but honestly I still managed to enjoy it.The art and animations were fantastic. Exceptionally well done. Reminds me of old Disney animations.But there are parts of this game that are simply awful.You have the option of choosing your banner in the main menu, they created over 800 of them though you'll probably not bother skimming them once and just go with the default banner, its a cosmetic choice so I ave no clue why they'd invest so much of their time into that and not enough into the gameplay.I LOVE srpgs (trpgs if you like) but I detested this game's awful mechanics.I'm sure many srpg fans have played several other games of the genre: fire emblem, xcom, etc.So let's talk about XCOM. In XCOM, you have a unit of soldiers you command, different classes, all of which use different strategies on the field. Because I can't see through fog, I can cautiously walk through from cover to cover keeping my squad sade and update my map as I go or rush. In the expansion, I now have the incentive to rush so I don't miss out on lootable meld. Two possible strategies for exploring and advancing through the level with rewarding outcomes.XCOM has another strategy for combat: I move each of my units 1 time a turn and there are 3 enemies in front of me. I could attempt to have one of my soldiers walk behind enemy lines and flank the enemy, though if I brought him to cover its possible he'll be found out by another group of enemy soldiers, so I might want to risk just having him walk in front of them and attacking quickly and killing them before a counter attack (although this would put said solier at huge risk if i dont finish them off). I could also use one of my soldiers grenades, though he'd be out one for the whole mission, it'd destroy our enemies cover allowing us low risk execution. There are all kinds of tactical approaches I can use because this game has cover, height, destructible environments, each with different risks and rewards. That is EXACTLY the kind of thought process a srpg should have. Different strategies with different possible outcomes.So does THIS game meet up to having all sorts of tactical strategies with different risks and outcomes? No. Absolutely not. Disgustingly bad.There are three reasons.-Chess style gameplay. You have a turn to move a unit based on initiative. Your opponent moves a unit. This does not change until there is 1 unit on either side. As a result 2 units will move as fast as the combined speed of 10 units.-No cover, no terrain advantages, no heights, only minor cases of walls/objects you can't walkthrough.-The literal worst part of this design choice that led to the biggest problem of this game: injured/weakened foes do signifigantly less damage than healthy ones.If you read those three balance decisions, you can probably figure out the single strategy to use for virtually all battles.MAIM, DON'T KILL.Yes, that's right. You can essentially waste your opponents turn by savagely weakening his units, but absolutely never kill any unit until they've all been beaten. This way you mitigate the majority of damage your units take, waste your opponents turn, while retaining the benefits of your own turn. If a unit is weakened, you're best off using him as cannon fodder and letting him die asap so he's not a waste of turns.This strategy... it would be one thing if it were only a cheap exploit, but its not. It's an ENFORCED strategy.If you DON'T play by this strategy, the game punishes you, there is no superior strategy to this, and the game becomes difficult if you're trying to use any other strategy. With absolutely no cover or terrain advantages or heights it's just a math battle where u run your units over and see how much armor you'd be best off breaking before targeting the enemy hp without killing him. It's one of the single worst design ideas an srpg can have.It is the literal worst srpg I have ever played in terms of gameplay. The genre is sorely lacking in games and I had the best wishes for this one. I've heard they were planning to bring that same battle mechanic back in its sequel. I'd recommend passing on this one."
,Not Recommended,237990,16195853,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,EriCordeiro,"An exellent, albeit linear, narrative constantly interrupted by flawed turn-based combat. The Banner Saga boasts great visuals and beautiful soundtrack, character design is spot-on, reminiscent of older cartoons, while still being true to the nordic theme and as historically accurate as a fantasy saga can be.The flaws lie in the gameplay, particularly in the fact the game concentrates too much value on Renown. It's the currency with which you buy food, amulets and level up heroes. It's also not that easy to come by, since it's mostly rewarded from killing things and winning battles (although you, very rarely, gain some for a choice).The game alternates between frequent combat sections, where you and the enemy alternate in turns, regardless of numerical advantage. Combined with the fact strength is both HP and how much damage you can deal, this system encourages the player to not kill oponnents, but, instead, harm them until they all have low HP, only then should the player start the killing.The fact renown is used for everything also limits character choices and story decisions. You'll be encouraged to be a psycopath, partaking as many battles as possible to gain extra renown. To make matters worse, there are no real consequences for such choices.Morale is almost meaningless, only awarding a few extra willpower points at the start of the battle. Supplies are also meaningless, seeing as fighters aside heroes have no effect on war outcome, as long as you win your battle (usually a charge, since it puts you against more enemies, which equals more renown), a team of 5 heroes could win a war against thousands of dredge.Downed heroes come back with injury whoose duration and severity depend on game difficulty setting. Ironically, these same immortal heroes can die arbitraly during text-based events while travelling.While I haven't been able to finish the game yet (always get bored by the game before being able to do so), I've seen users complain the story actually ends abruptely, leaving space for an obvious non-advertised sequel. The Banner Saga is actually just a first episode, despite not being advertised as such.EDIT: I have finished the game on a new playthrough, and the ending is indeed abrupt, with a short (non animated) cutscene right after a rather easy boss fight (just ignore every dredge and focus on the boss). Even if it's part of a trilogy, a game must feature a relatively complete story (compare it to a movie such as ""The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug"" and you can see how this kind of ending is unsatisfying). A bit more recently, the store page was updated to reveal banner saga as the first of a trilogy, despite that not being the case on release date.To summarize: The Banner Saga has great visuals, soundtrack and (linear and relatively unfinished) story, but it's held short by bad gameplay which ranges from silly to frustrating, removing almost all immersion or tension the well written story can create.If things don't get better in the sequel, I think stoic should give up on making games and start writting novels or animated short films."
,Recommended,237990,13197161,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Most games these days are designed to be won; The Banner Saga is meant to be survived. Anything more would be a mockery of the Viking apocalypse suffered by its characters. The atmosphere of Stoic Studios' first title is so evocative of desolation and despair that succeeding too grandly feels like a betrayal of the twilight sagas. With the gods dead and the sun stalled in the sky, humans and giants work together to eke out a shattered existence. The arrival of an ancient enemy throws the tenuous balance into question and sends desperate warrior caravans across the hostile landscape. The displaced and hopeful follow in their wake, scraping together what lives they can. The leaders of these caravans are forced to make difficult decisions, by which their followers live and die.The point of view shifts several times throughout The Banner Saga, demonstrating the dire straits in which both humans and giants find themselves. However, in spite of the multiple views, so much about what's really happening remains unknown. Each caravan meets many people, most of whom have an angle for survival. Figuring out who can be trusted is one of the great challenges of the game, and also one of its greatest pleasures. It's easy to be trustworthy when supplies are high and no one's laid low by crippling wounds. Righteousness is more difficult to come by when the gods are dead, the horizon is alight with burning villages, and taking on new allies means condemning others to slow starvation.Despite the pervasive apocalypse, not all is lost. Stoic has done admirably at focusing on the personal stories at the epic's core. The key characters' motivations are well-explained, and their mysteries reveal themselves at an appropriate pace. Even when all seems lost, moments of heroism, compassion, and courage keep the narrative of doom from becoming crushing. The ending, such that it is, is powerful. Unfortunately, it is abrupt. Future chapters of the saga have already burdened themselves with the hype from the first installment's unanswered questions.Everything looks and sounds amazing. Character designs are rich and colorful, and their animation is like something from out of a lost 80s classic. The visuals scale impressively, handling great crumbling monuments and fierce monsters as well as delicate human gestures. The deliberate staging extends to travel scenes where no actions are allowed. Watching the caravan struggle through the landscape to deep chants and mournful horn movements offers counterpoint to moments of blood and steel. These contrasts demonstrate relatable smallness against the enormity of the end. Occasionally animations look uncanny against their backgrounds, but the characters are nuanced enough that the strangeness almost feels like a stylistic choice. The music is professionally orchestrated, and would stand out as a compliment to the mood no matter what medium it accompanied.Whereas The Banner Saga's story and sensory appeals are difficult to critique without gushing, its mechanics are more controversial. Combat has many quirks that may seem counter-intuitive to SRPG players. However, learning the ins and outs of the system can be an enjoyable puzzle. Battle takes place on a flat grid. Up to six plot-relevant allies, drawn from a frequently shifting pool, face off against a potentially frightening number of enemies. Battle proceeds in alternative rounds, with one member of the enemy force getting a turn for every allied turn. As a result, keeping weakened enemies alive is often an effective tactic. Hit points double as a character's damage capacity, so getting the enemy to waste a turn commanding a shattered unit can delay a stronger unit's attack.Managing each character's reserve of willpower and exertion - the amount of willpower that can be spent in a turn - draws the resource conservation elements from the rest of the game into battle. Every enemy killed provides bonus willpower that can be distributed to any character, allowing momentum to build from a victorious thrust. Racking up death willpower isn't always a strong enough incentive to overcome the strangeness of alternating combat rounds, but it helps. If the battle quirks get too unmanageable, it's possible to dial the difficulty down from hard or normal to easy.Despite its enjoyable features, not every desperately calculated moment of battle is joyous. Many battles begin with a large-scale conflict, which pits the caravan's rank-and-file soldiers against enemy hordes. The formation options in this system don't feel as strongly tied as they could be to the skirmishes that follow. Most battlefields are devoid of terrain, and facing doesn't matter. As a result, character placement, willpower expenditure, and party composition become the major tactical elements.The sole currency for preparing for battle is renown. When all is lost, only a man's observed actions are important. Renown is used on stat-boosting treasure, character advancement, and purchasing supplies for the caravan. Focusing on any of these areas limits growth in the others, and doing everything is impossible. Keeping a trailing column of peasants fed is an admirable goal, but it becomes difficult to justify when contrasted with clicking the button that increases an ally's armor break ability. The choice is further complicated by the knowledge many more could die if the warriors aren't kept strong.Playing The Banner Saga as a standard game of optimization and the greatest possible success may lead to disappointment. Trusting the crazy - eyed wanderer who smells of stale mead could be the best decision you make all week, or it could lead to a knife in your back. Rolling with the punches and accepting the permanent death of a favored all adds texture to the banner of a doomed people. Some choices are mechanically better than others, causing the more damaging answers to become less interesting during multiple replays. Certain tricks will only be novel the first time around, while others allow more strategic calculation.All saves are autosaves, and are made at predetermined checkpoints. There's no indication when these saves occur, except manually checking the Load menu. Attempting the old Choose Your Own Adventure trick of sticking a bookmark in at a difficult decision point isn't so easy here. Loading a save to choose a new answer may require fighting several battles again. On the plus side, the game is short enough to invite multiple replays. Although the central narrative is the same every time, choices made along the way lead to different side paths and party composition. Simple, split-second decisions can lead to significant consequences.Stoic Studios have set themselves up with a difficult act to follow. The Banner Saga is a rare game that forces its player to think and feel, often in delightful opposition. Its subsystems combine to support the narrative of desperate heroism, hard choices, and survival. Like the doomed giants who fight its battles, The Banner Saga is powerful, thoughtful, and worthwhile. Recapturing this winning combination is going to be risky. When a game is so precariously excellent, a wiggle either way in the sequel could spoil the formula that made the first so magical. Regardless of whether future installments stand or fall, The Banner Saga has done its duty. It may not always give gamers what they want, but it gives them what they need: challenging questions, tactical gameplay, and a strong, fully realized atmosphere."
76561198068272791,Not Recommended,237990,12828438,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,masayuki,"This game causes mixed feelings. The concept had really great potential but it wasn't fulfilled. Some (+)s and (-)s(+) Art. It seems to me that graphics and music were on the minds of developers from the very beginning and they focused solely on it. Great, fantastic art. Impeccable style. Totally enjoyed it.(+) Caravan management and interactive stories. These determine the result of everything: what characters you'll get, which ones will survive and which will die, how much resourses you'll get etc. That's one of the best parts of the game.(+) Strong authentic atmosphere.(+) Excellent initial concept.(-) Weak repetitive battles and gameplay in general. Too few different types of enemies. Few classes of characters. And there are hundreds of battles when you have to fight the same enemies with the same characters. Boring to death. It seems that developers devoted themselves to making graphics so much that they forgot about gameplay till the last night before the release and barely managed to finish it hurriedly. But often gameplay = fun.(-) Story. It was intended really epic. I mean REALLY big and epic like in Game of Thrones or something. But they didn't have enough resourses, so in the end it finishes abruptly, it is relatively weak, it's not supported by great gameplay, it is disappoining. If they'd taken something of a less scale the game would have been much better I guess.My overall imression is negative which is sadly, because this game could have been truly terrific."
,Not Recommended,237990,26060046,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,alexus_machine,"This game has a beautiful aesthetic and engaging story, but too many gameplay mechanics are broken or intentionally flawed to create a phony sense of challenge.  These are:* The devs took the ""turned based"" of turned based strategy way too seriously.  Fights are ""you hit me, I hit you,"" and turns are based off of how you line up your team before battle.  If you didn't line your team up right and properly zerg rush the enemies, you're in for a bad time.  And if you kill the guy who was next in line, the unit three turns away magically gets to go next.  I guess they weren't paying attention until their buddy died?* You can't save the game.  The game autosaves at pre-determined points and that's it.  Made a bad choice or screwed  up your zerg rush?  You go to the last save, which may include lengthy marches you can't speed up and cutscenes you can't skip.  The devs say this is to make you live with your choices, but it's really to punish you for a combat system they didn't think through all the way.* You have a single resource.  No gold and experience, just renown.  You buy food with renown or level up with it.  As you can guess, this can leave your army starving or your team underpowered.  I guess real heroes don't need to eat?  You lose renown for buying food so that must be the case.* Strength and HP are a single attribute.  This means the more damage you take, the less damage you can do.  This is the main fault of the game - if you don't properly zerg rush the other team and whittle each unit down one by one, multiple characters on your team will be crushed.  There's no strategy and no system to learn.  Either you chip away at each unit (instead of taking out the most powerful first), or you get shredded.* Forget guarding (unless you're a special unit), cover bonuses, overwatch, or any other hallmarks of the genre.  In this game, you rush in or rush out (and the AI always goes for the weakest unit so you won't rush out for long), and that's it.  Better hope you leveled your squad right or by the time you realized you upped the wrong attributes, you're slogging through hours of unskippable cutscenes and ridiculously flawed fights.This game has great potential, but is so badly flawed that progressing through it will frustrate you to no end and wear your patience to nothing.  Watch the cutscenes on youtube if you have to - the torment that comes from making it unfold for yourself is not worth it."
,Recommended,237990,12823827,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,gluttonousslave,"I certainly enjoyed this game. It has a unique feel even if everything is stolen from Norse mythology. The story was captivating, so much to the point that I yelled in fury when I happened to loose a member of my party. Combat is perhaps less than groundbreaking with originality but it was certainly solid and very rewarding when it came to leveling up characters.I got a couple of the giants mixed up for a while, but aside from that, most characters have a unique backstory that fleshes out as things progress. It is certainly worth it to read into everybody's capabilities, for the most subtle traits  they posses play out very importantly once you realixe their potential. Every battle should be played with the intent of keeping as many of your fighters intact, lest you be forced to send in your benchwarmers in for the next fight.The artwork was impressive, captivating, and downright epic, however.......... the first cutscenes really got me stoaked for kickass cartoon ""Heavy Metal-esq"" laden story line. The artwork let my hopes fall gracefully rather than total disapointment.Despite the fact that I have 1 and a half playthroughs under my belt I do not see an increible amount of playability, although it seems as though a few play throughs could be rewarding due to the amount of different options/results offered throughout the game.Now, here's where I'm not totally sure how I feel about the game: Choices. Some choices totally blindside you with how determental/beneficail they can be. They game has a habit of throwing scores of petty situtions in your face just so that you'll be unaware of the severity of a certain choice and suffer because you did not treat it with appropiate reverment. I mentioned earlier that I have one and a half playthroughs; this is because I utter screwed myself in the first game so I went back to ammend my ""mistakes"". If you've ever layed D&D, this game has the feel of a ruthless yet rewarding DM that often sets you up to hang yourself with your own noose once you get things going.All in all, I loved playing this game, yet I do not see myself playing it in the immediate future."
,Recommended,237990,22072005,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:StoicPublishers:Versus EvilInitial release:Jan 2014Genre:Strategy, RPG, Turn-based, Dark#Worth/NotWorth:#AbsolutelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe Banner Saga..I've been trying to write this review for two days now. I played through the game twice. The first time I played was about a year ago. I'm trying to find some quick snippet I can use to surmise the game but nothing comes forth. So I guess I'll provide some exposition.Its a turn based, tile based, highly narratively driven up to 5 person party adventure. You make decisions as the leader of a large group of traveling humans and a race-- Well, more of a species called the Varl; which more or less are giants.You are constantly having to manage resources. Battles earn you renown, which is used as a currency and XP. Renown can buy you items for your characters to wear to increase stats, supplies for travel as well as allow ready candidates to level up. Resources are needed on the road for your traveling companions to survive. As well as keep morale up. Poor morale can effect the abilities of your fighters in the from of losing willpower.On the road you will run into events that you will have to make decisions about. Including dealing with everything from fights in the caravan to deciding to trust outsiders or not. I never quite pinned down if they are all scripted or procedurally generated. Some but not all seem very timely.COMBATThe battle system takes a little time to get used to as its slightly obtuse at first. Each characters health is their strength, what this means is as someone gets hurt they progressively become weaker and their strength is directly blocked by the enemies armor. So you must choose to either attack their health or armor. There are some other variables such as willpower, which allow you to move farther or do extra damage in one turn. Killing enemies earn you a notch on the horn which equates to an extra willpower lying in wait when needed. Some other stats that effect the two main ones are exertion and armor break. Exertion limits how much willpower one can use even if they have more. Armor break allows one to do more damage to armor regardless of other variables. There are of course classes for all the characters which have specific abilities such and Tempest, a sort of whirlwind attack and others like Forge ahead that allow you to choose someone to move up in the turn order. If a character falls in battle they will become injured and need to rest, usually for multiple days. The character can still be used in other battles while injured at the cost of lowered stats typically.The game does have multiple endings. I am interested to see what happens in the sequel regarding them. I will also say the game does sort of end abruptly. It does come to a climax but to be honest, a lot it seems a bit unresolved.The game is also, from what I can tell, hand drawn. Characters have very fluid animations when attacking and the overall aesthetic is very pleasing.THE GISTThis is maybe one of my favorite games in the last.. decade? One of the most gripping, memorable and emotional games I've played in my life. Definitely in the top 20 ever. Difficult decisions abound. Stuck in between a rock and a hard place? Can't move the rock? Don't have a drill? People are relying on you ya know. Better think about your actions.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,237990,24373837,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"10/10 - Epic Nordic Tale With Turn-Based Combat!This game exceeded my expectations on every front; I found it so enjoyable that immediately upon completion I purchased the sequel at almost full price. No regrets either!The game brings together elements from several genres and magically blends them together in this Choices Matter masterpiece. The main point of interest for me was the lengthy, epic tale that unfolds as you lead your people through struggles of surviving a increasingly barren world. You trudge your army in a side scrolling fashion and frequently engage in grid turn-based combat which I love. This elements really reminds me of the combat style in the Kings Bounty series; if you liked that... You'll love this.My first play-through took about 11 hours. I will 100% play this through again, maybe several times. Replay value = Very high! With over 25+ characters to assemble your army and hundreds of camps and towns to explore; you'll be sucked in quickly!Overall, definitely worth the $20; grab on sale if you can but not required in my eyes! A must play for turn-based and fantasy lovers alike!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561198013013418,Not Recommended,237990,25401316,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Spathi,"I love the Viking setting.  I enjoy the story, and it certainly kept my attention.  The combat has some interesting mechanics: armor break, the fact that strength is health, and some great special moves.However, the turns and initiative are implemented in a really frustrating way that, in the end, has ruined this game for me.First, each side gets to move one unit per turn, no matter how many units are remaining, in a fixed rotation.  As enemy units are injured and lose health, they also lose the ability to deal damage.  However, once they are killed, their spot in the initiative order is filled by another healthy unit.  If I have 4 units remaining, but the enemy has only 2 units, then those units will each act twice as frequently as my 4 units, and they will have a distinct advantage.  Sometimes I may have a couple of units across the map who have just killed their opponents, and while those two waste turns walking back to the other side, the fewer remaining enemy units that are engaged with the other half of my force will be attacking twice as often as those units near them.Bottom line is that killing an enemy unit is generally a bad idea until the very end of the fight.I have adjusted to this tactic, as unintuitive and frustrating as it sometimes is.  Now that I have advanced sufficiently, I was able to raise the Strength of one of my favorite units to 18.  Now, his key ability, the sweeping attack that hits 3 enemies, has been rendered much weaker.  Many weak enemy units can be killed by a single 18 STR attack.  When he had only 16 STR, he could severely injure 3 of these weak units in one blow, which was fantastic.  Now, he kills them outright, and what remains are 3 stronger units that now get to attack twice as frequently.Killing an enemy unit is a bad idea?  Killing 3 of them even worse?  My favorite character is too strong, and that's a tactical disadvantage?To me, this is just a bridge too far.Is it novel?  Yes.  Can you work around it?  Sure.  But it draws out the combat as you avoid weakened enemies and chase down the healthy ones before you start delivering the killing blow.  And the longer I play this game, the less I enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,237990,13478211,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sudenkaataja,"I had heard very good things about this game so I had high expectations.The art is indeed gorgeous, it is reminiscent of old animation movies from 70s and 80s, but with a modern twist.Unfortunately I wish there was more positive things to say about the game. Well, the world and the background story are pretty good, plus the game doesnt feel too short nor too long... I actually was positively surprised by it, I thought the story would draw to an end earlier.Here's a collection of random thoughts I have about the game:1) you spend almost half of your time staring at a long string of tiny characters plodding at unnatural speed through snowy landscapes.2) the map is not integrated at all in the game. You dont have any saying in which direction your caravan is going, everything is decided. You can access the map only when you camp or stop the caravan, and at that point I've already forgotten where I am supposed to go... why isnt the map shown when the route to be taken is presented to the player? there's a huge map full of Norse-sounding names, and you can click on most of them to get additional info... but why would you? I got bored after a while, like with the planets' descriptions in Mass Effect. You dont just dump a huge map to the players to satisfy their thirst of knowledge, you introduce the world little by little with bits and pieces that are relevant to the story.  In TBS only a handful of locations on the map matter for the story and they are all non-descriptive... one town or the other, they feel all the same (except the Varl capital).3) I heard some people saying ""The dialogues are really good""... well I dont know what kind of games these people have been playing but the dialogues in TBS range from average to bad, with a couple bordering to nonsensical (e.g. the one of the mead house stands out for making little to no sense). I grew more and more irritated.4) Another little irritating thing: the lines in dialogues only proceed forward. If you press accidentally the mouse key (in my case the trackpad) you will skip to the next line without possibility to go back. it happened to me a bunch of times, I play with the finger resting on the Macbook's trackpad and a little twitch sends the dialogue forward5) the story feels really average, many questions are left completely unanswered... I can only guess they might be doing a sequel to expand on the story. I'm not gonna mention anything to avoid spoilers but seriously there's stuff that happens that you feel it's major and could definitely steer the story some way or the other, but instead nothing happens and the event/story element is not mentioned anymore afterwards.6) the fighting system is super clunky, doesnt feel fluid at all. You are often pitted against more numerous / stronger enemies and your characters never seem to level up fast enough for the fight to feel equal. Moreover they are equipped with abilities which are often difficult to use (this ability? Only works with enemies which are positioned EXACTLY diagonally in respect to the original target. Oh you think it's hard to use? How about we make it so that it can inflict damage also to your allies?), or semi-useless (each time my Raidmaster used Stone Wall he's never been targeted afterwards; Rain of Arrows, Mend, and others are so nerfed they suck). In the end it pretty much resolved in ""I start chipping down the armor first, then I go for the health"" with basic attacks, hoping the bad guys would go down before mine. Sometimes it worked sometimes it didnt. Lost maybe 1/3 of the battles, without chance to replay them.7) the big-scale clashes are just ridiculous... you can chose one of the strategies like ""Hold them"" or ""charge"" or ""tighten your ranks"", and how the battle will resolve feels totally random. If it is not, than there is no way to understand the logic behind it.8)  I felt no attachment whatsoever for the characters nor the caravan members (i.e. people who depended on me for protection and leadership). Especially the caravan members, they are just a stat, when they starve you see the numbers going down and the morale plunging and you're like ""yeah so what? the game continues anyway."". This is a major drawback, you dont feel you have anything to lose, you can lose all the battles and starve out almost everyone in the caravan, you will still go on. At a certain point I started playing like a di*k, thinking ""well let's see how much I can f-up before I get a game over screen""... it never came. Ok for the story-driven playability, but this is still a game. If the game plays itself what's the point?9) you are forced to make totally random choices. E.g. how many ratios to buy before setting on a leg of the journey... you have no idea how many days it will last... how about informing the player?? Renown is always scarce, because it is mainly used to evolve characters, so it would be good to have some planning before spending some hard-gained renown.10) The banner itself plays NO role at all in the story, it is mentioned in one line of dialogue and that's it. For the whole game. So much for a whole ""saga""....11) Hardly any tutorial in the game, just a basic one about combat. How about explaining how the different abilities work? I had to quit the game and resume from last checkpoint when I realised my assumptions about a certain ability were off and I lost the little tactical advantage I had because I screwed up12) I dunno what was the reason, not enough money to put in the artistic production or time constraints, but I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I realised (and i realised it pretty soon in the game) that there is only one image for each character. All the dialogues, during the whole story, the same expression. Zero emotion response. Oddleif is stuck with the same scornful expression for the whole game, Eyvind with a sorry♥♥♥♥♥♥♥smile, and Ubin goes around holding his quill even in the middle of a battle."
76561198061757575,Not Recommended,237990,15757482,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,nonplussed_by_space_dolphins,"I don't think The Banner Saga is a very well executed game. The ideas are certainly there, the story is interesting, the music is excellent, but gameplay-wise, it has some pretty egregious design problems.Consider that players replaying the game regularly consult a guide to check when certain characters might die, in order to not waste resources levelling before that point. Then consider that on your first run, you don't have that - you have the option to choose from an assortment of characters, spending your points (renown) on whoever you please. But while they can die from your negligence, they generally don't: they die from purely unpredictable events instead.Well that's how surviving in a viking wasteland is, yes? That's how it should be!The trouble is that this is not FTL - a run is not 1-2 hours, it's 10, and it isn't replayable if you find yourself trapped with a now-useless team after luck decides to screw you. It's harsh, and adds to the tone of the game, but it's also ruinous. Save-scum, save-scum.Double-edged sword that may be, I can see the justification for it. What I can't justify, at all, is that the game essentially does nothing with it's random encounter system. Events pop up and you're faced with options. Based on my runthrough of the game, I'd say you get positive outcomes maybe a fifth of the time. Further adding to the harsh climate of the game, etc, etc... the trouble is, your options tend to lie in shades of grey between the -right- thing and the -wrong- thing to do in any given case... and THERE IS ZERO DIFFERENCE. They're all dice rolls, and that I started at a point of angelic service to my fellow survivors and slowly arced towards commiting horrible deeds for my tribe caused not one change. It was dice rolls all the way through; you get nothing in exchange for that guilt, and seeing what emotional impact it has on the player to decide, I'll murder this person in front of my (character's) daughter, when you take the plunge and hit that button ----> dice roll. The same dice roll. 80% of the time, it goes bad, and you feel worse.(On a lesser note, a gripe: this game totally does not have good animation, as nearly everyone is excited to share. It has a very cool art style, but central story beats aren't illustrated; they're all just text... including the climax.)I leave off with one thing. The final boss is very very poorly designed, requiring a combat style the rest of the game would punish (rushing in a straight line forward), and I didn't/couldn't finish with the team I had, and I now have no intention of continuing with this franchise.Cross your fingers. You might find the telepathy to make the right decisions, and the game might be fun!For me it was a lesson in negative reinforcement."
,Recommended,237990,16778591,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Velsu,"Amazing game. Good combat system, nice visuals and sound. Excellent 1440p support, everything is very crisp.The game itself is worth purchasing, i launched it only to test it for a few minutes and before i realised i was playing 6 hours. If You like SRPG's give this a shot."
76561198092533398,Not Recommended,237990,8722476,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,method,"I was very disappointed in this game.The GoodIt's beautiful. The animation and soundtrack are phenomenal. The combat is satisfying.The BadThe story is slow to start but by the time it gets interesting the game ends. The story is presented almost entirely through text and that text reads like a ""choose your own adventure novel"". This would be fine but the quality of writing is lacking and the way the text jumps between third person perspective and second person narrative is annoying. It's especially annoying because there are multiple points of view for a majority of the game.I'm an avid reader so I don't mind reading in my RPGs but I at least want some consistency.As for the main game mechanics it's a lot like a 2D Oregon Trail. The campaign consists of two stories following two player controlled caravans as they cross a map. Most of the choices given the player consist of:Do the smart but heartless thingDo the dumb but moral thingDo nothingThere will be other options but they either return you to previous ""options"" or are just variations on the same.The main game mechanics  consist of making dialogue choices and trying to keep your caravan of refugees alive by making the correct choices.The entire game is on rails so you don't actually change the story or make meaningful decisions (outside of combat), you just get rewarded or punished for the choices you make.SummaryAll in all the lack of real game content and lackluster story heavily detract from a beautiful game that could have been brilliant but just overall feels lacking. There's also nothing to do after the main story has concluded but play the game again. I would be okay with that if they story had been well written and the other game mechanics had been fun.If you're looking for a finished tactical RPG keep looking. This is apparently the first of three chapters but it's up in the air if those will be made, and as it is this is not a finished game. It ends abruptly just as the story becomes interesting, and no matter what you do, the ending is the same. The store page should be more reflective of the fact that this is not a single player version of Banner Saga Factions, but is in fact more like Oregon Trail, with some tactical combat tacked on. Or maybe it's the other way around, but either way it doesn't work.Updated Review on 1/16"
76561198010998000,Not Recommended,237990,8770443,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,OtterBot,"Pros:- Unique and great looking art [+++]- Fun turn-based combat system [++]- Great underscoring [+]Cons:- The rewards/penalties for in-game decisions are inconsistent.  You can't play a ""good"" or ""bad"" character.  Help someone, get punished.  Hurt someone, get rewarded.  Or vice versa.  [---]- Short and somehow repetitive; about 9 hours for the first playthrough withoutmuch variety [--]- Story and gamplay are too linnear; not enough variety to warrant multiple playthroughs [--]ProCons:- The main narrative isn't as interesting as the world it passes through, which is terribly interesting [++-]- Voice acting is sparse, but good when present [+-]- There is almost as much (if not more) story than game, which would be a positive if the main narrative was better [+-]- Limited character progression system, but diverse character options [+-]- Initiative is interesting.  One character from the player team will go and then a character from AI team will go.  A character death will only reorder the initiative order of the team, not globably, until a team only has one character remaining.  Then the last character will have to face the entire team in succession.  This means that even if a team with two characters is grossly outnumbered, the outnumbered team is still moving every other character. [+--]Final Verdict:It is an interesting game and worth playing for the art and combat system.  But it isn't worth the $24.99 retail price.  You might feel you got more of your money's worth at $15 and below."
,Recommended,237990,12360401,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,madn,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. Three reasons stand out:First, the writing is superb. I recently finished Divinity: Original Sin, and have played all kinds of RPGs from the old Baldur's Gate titles to Morrowind to System Shock 2 and a lot in between. This game manages what few others do: create believable, interesting characters without walls of text. I like reading, but I don't like huge amounts of text that do little to further the story, character development or immersion. Even though I liked D:OS a lot, and the game had some great writing, a lot of the dialogue was just doing nothing to these ends. The density of little clues and nuances in the Banner Saga is astonishing, coupled with some humor and great attention to setting-appropriate terminology.Second, this might be the first game ever that managed to make me feel pressed. Generally, games I've played fall in two categories when it comes to time-crucial missions: either they don't enforce it at all mechanically, meaning that while the princess is being eaten by the bad guy I still have all the time I need to loot chests, talk to strangers and tend to my weapons. Or they implement some kind of timer - an option I hate with a passion because it feels so out-of-setting and forced. In the Banner Saga the whole setting screams 'hurry up' - and you do, by weighing the alternatives and choosing how much time to allocate to them. At least to me, it never feels artificial, or unfair, or like a difficulty-thing, it's just part of the story.Third, and fans of A Song of Ice and Fire will likely agree, the fact that beloved characters can die on a whim makes the whole cast and your decisions infinitely more interesting. I'm generally someone aiming for the best possible outcome in RPGs, including loading a save game when something turned out to be a bad decision. In the Banner Saga, for the first time ever perhaps, I did not feel annoyed by bad things happening to me. It's just 'damn... guess the next few hours just got a lot harder'.All in all a very, very good game, including the ending. Fights can get a bit repetitive since you only have one special ability per character, and some of those are frankly useless, but that's a minor gripe since the system is still well executed and challenging while staying fair. Maybe we should combine D:OS's combat system with the story and writing of the Banner Saga to create the perfect RPG."
,Recommended,237990,14750571,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This was a beautifully rendered tactical turn based RNG RPG with an engaging story and for the most part, stellar gameplay. The backdrop was visually stunning, and this was easily the games strongest feature. It really did a great job of not only creating a game setting, but also adding an air of mystery and intrigue and foreboding to the game.The combat itself was fairly simplistic as far as hex based battle systems go. The RNG aspect can create some frustrating moments, but can also conversely make you so stoked that you took a low percentage chance and succeeded.The RPG upgrading system likewise was fairly simple.As far as the writing goes, the story itself well complemented the artistic design of the game, or vice versa, lol, and the characters were pretty interesting in my opinion, overall. They weren't fully fleshed out, but I didnt feel they needed to be, and for what the game was presenting, I thought the whole thing worked quite well.So, based on all that, with the excellent story writing, the cool characters, the amazing set piece, and the decent combat, this game should really be one of the best. However, it had some very real issues that knock it down some.For one, as good as the writing was, realistically, none of your choices leading up to the finale really mattered, EXCEPT who you leveled up. Speaking of which, party members only level up through use, which I feel, based on the type of game it is, is something of a failure. I feel party members should level together in games like this, or at least, the unused ones should get some sort of experience. Otherwise, you end up woefully unprepared later when you are FORCED to use certain characters, arguably the ones that held the least appeal through the rest of the story as far as using them in battle went.So, like I say, your choices didnt really matter. You have to fight starvation and loss through battle based on your actions, which for the bulk of your group (the common soldiers, scouts, and peasants), basically affected the amount of survivors left when you get to the final city WHERE they all die anyway, lol. However, your party decisions definitely matter, and because you are forced to use certain characters later in the game, and one specifically for the final battle sequence (the daughter), you would be encouraged to use them EXCEPT, the game really doesn't hint at that. They are mostly the characters you will find least useful overall, and that coupled with a distinct lack of anything suggesting they might be important later, virtually guarantees that most players will face the same complications later in the game.So, this matters because the final battle is two stages and relies solely on the daughters archery skills to win. However, there was no real reason to level her up through the game, and I know that most players enter that final battle with an under leveled primary use character, which generally spells defeat.Now, it is my understanding that the developers listened to these same complaints from a large percentage of the people who played this just after release and made some adjustments, but I haven't played it since those patches were released, so I cant speak to whether they really helped out with these issues or not. My understanding was the patch release focused on the final battle, so that aspect might be better now.Anyway, I think overall, I want to give this game an 8 out of 10, but all the issues with it make me drop my rating down to about a 6.5 out of 10.I do intend to revisit this game and see how the patches impacted things, so I will revise this review if necessary after I do so. Regardless, it is a game worth experiencing, so I do in fact recommend it."
,Recommended,237990,11832465,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Tom,"After my Assassin's Creed binge last week, I took a bit of a break to wind down a tad. I started playing Banner Saga a few days ago however - I wasn't sure what to expect from it, the screenshots looked more like a point and click adventure, a genre which I normally don't enjoy as much - thankfully I was wrong.The Banner Saga is heavy role playing game where you face numerous scenarios throughout the story, each decision you make will impact the outcome and general feel of the game.The story goes extremely deep into Viking saga and history, which if you are interested in that sort of thing, this will already be a winner for you. The devs have done a very good job at making you feel you are part of the caravan and are right there in the midst of it all.The game does start out quite slow, but as you get past the first chapter, it picks up pace and you keep wanting more.The actual game play is a turn-based strategy basis. Again strategy is not normally one of my favorite genres but The Banner Saga does a very good job at introducing all the elements and features of the game at a slow but reasonable pace for you to get used to them.  By the end of the game you'll be able to blast through your turns without thinking at all, very simple (which is a good thing in my eyes).Graphic wise, the 2D art is beautiful. It looks as if every scene has been hand drawn. Length of the game is just right - a full playthrough for me took about seven and a half hours, and this was with picking up quite a few achievements along the way.I highly recommend The Banner Sage as it will be a welcome addition to your library if you give it a chance.More reviews at -http://completingthebacklog.blogspot.co.uk/"
,Not Recommended,237990,8713236,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Spear Deer,"The art is beautiful, the story compelling, and the mechanics are interesting. However, I feel like this game spawns really ugly  atritional environments. The out of combat gameplay revolves almost entirely around making choices. This kind of decision making is interesting and compelling in games like FTL or King of Dragon Pass. This is because the risks apparent in your choices are relatively apparent, and make a lot of sense. And the consequences are also appropriately weighted.But In Banner Saga, there's a disjoint between what choices you make and the consequences. You choose an option, and are greeted with a largely unknowble outcome, which is almost always overwhelmingly bad. Random, roadside events can easily kill off characters, or rob you of supplies. More often than not it feels like my reward is simply not dying. If that's what the developers were aiming for, I understand, and it matches the theme of the game, but its not fun.In combat there's a similar feeling. Character's damage output scales directly with their remaining health. A character who is still alive but with low health might aswell be dead. He'll do 1 damage, or miss alltogether. This means that characters who want to deal damage cant afford to take any damage, and character who tank do almost no damage. Its an interesting mechanic, but its not fun. It slows combat to a crawl since it takes relatively little effort to reduce the damage of your units to negligible amounts. Considering you are literally always facing more enemies than you have champions, this is crippling, and boring.Good Story, feels very game of thronesy. Beautiful Art, it looks like classic, rich disney animation. Crappy gameplay."
,Recommended,237990,23515895,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!9/10Necessary PurchaseApocalypse Nowhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=702071498The Banner Saga is a turn based RPG set in an apocalyptic fantasy world being invaded by a host of armored giants dubbed ""The Dredge"". Stoic, the developers of The Banner Saga have recently released a sequel and have even released on mobile platforms due to its success on steam. The Banner saga is a singleplayer-only game with a story mode that has the interesting main mechanic of switching between two different points of view for the first half of the game. The Banner Saga contains 7 chapters and each thrilling chapter will keep you on edge for the entire time. Chapters are fairly lengthy, each ranging from an hour to two at most and for me I ended up finishing the game in about 10-11 hours on my first run through.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=702213252In the Banner saga there is two different phases in the game: Caravan phase and combat phase. When you're in your caravan phase you oversee your caravan as you try to head to your next destination. This is where you make almost all your choices and also where you will see the various resting points in the game. As the game progresses you find various different resting points where your caravan can take a break in places such as towns and villages or sometimes even near one of the holy godstones. While you're camped out at a resting point you can access your hero screen, your map, and you can even have chats with some of the characters in the caravan. In this phase your caravan slowly consumes supplies which can be bought at markets in some villages or even acquired through some choices. There are also different items for sale in the markets although most of them are very basic passives that don't really add that much to gameplay. The items really could benefit by giving you new skills or maybe skill point boosts but instead they're just rather bland passives. In order to buy anything though you need renown, the games currency. You acquire renown from killing people in combat, although I do believe there are some major decisions that grant renown. Renown can also be used to level up your characters for combat however I feel that most of the time these upgrades are too expensive and you end up being unable to buy items and supplies because of it. The caravan also has a morale system where, depending on the current morale level your characters may suffer a penalty in combat.""As we pass steep cliffs, the sprawl of Boersgard comes into view. A city of contrasting rich and poor, opportunity and gamble. Our best hope for salvation, or our graves.""-RookThe combat phase is a pretty refreshing take on turn-based combat due to the willpower system. Willpower is a stat on your characters that, in combat, they can use to increase the damage of their attacks or allow them to use special abilities. In The Banner Saga there's two types of damage you can deal to enemies: Strength and Armor. Strength is the stat that determines how much damage you can do to an enemy, so if you attack an enemies strength then they'll do less damage. If you decide to attack the enemies armor however, then that will open them up and make them take extra strength damage from future attacks. It is absolutely critical to make sure you don't only attack health or armor but instead mix them up. I really dislike how the more damage dealt to your strength the less damage you deal because then the combat can devolve into who gets the first hit. Every character that you have can be upgraded, up to level five, for increasing amounts of renown and this is where, as I said, you end up sinking most of your renown. Every character has a class but they mean very little and the characters all follow the same archetype and some characters literally use the same model with a slight recolor. I wish that instead of having loads of characters that you could equip for combat you could have fewer combatants with more unique models and stories. Even with these flaws The Banner Saga still has a very unique take on a combat system that, in my opinion, has begun to get stale.When the Banner Fallshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=702071484The story of the Banner Saga is also one of its strong points as it is both unique and easy to follow without letting the two detract from the plot. The story, without spoiling much, is essentially divided into two parts until about halfway through the game. The first part you play as Hakon, one of the co-commanders of a group of giant-like beings called varl. You're goal is to essentially escort a human prince to the varl capital of Grofheim so that you can seal an alliance between the two races. The other side of the campaign you play as Rook, a human father who is out hunting with his daughter, Alette, when they run into a dredge footsoldier and have to retreat back to their village. The chieftain of their village ends up being killed so Rook has to take command of the caravan and help them reach safety. With the counsel of the chieftains wife and some old friends, Rook sets out with the caravan in tow in the hopes of making it to the nearby city of Frostvellr. The story features a strong mechanic of choice, similar to Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"" series and this takes an already intriguing story and gives it all the emotional twists and turns that come with choice based storytelling. Most of the time the choices you make result in effects like getting or losing supplies or having morale changes but in some cases you can gain or lose characters. However, you can never really alter the story that much from a set line of main events for it to make a significant difference in the end but it's nice to have choices that actually feel like they effect gameplay. The story has so many mysterious elements that you cannot help but to keep playing just so you can find out the next little bit of character development or lore.TL;DRAn intriguing story of camaraderie in the face of ahnihilation that revives turn based combat and shows how important choice can be.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561198105836087,Recommended,237990,32798008,Posted: 25 June,all,nickgreyden,"This game was fan-freaking-tastic. I'm an older gamer and I can't remember the last time I got so lost in playing a game that time melted away. An outstandingly beautiful game where choices have real consequences. With the deep well of lore, the world is full of life. I HIGHLY recommend this game, but will actually warn you (unlike the tutorial) to mind your renown. It is a precious resource!Pros:BeautifulChoices with ConsequencesExcellent fully fleshed ""classes"", races, and charactersFight mechanics/downtime and resource mechanics are simple to understand and robustDeep loreExcellent storyCons:Square-based grid not hex-basedIf you wish to move, you can only do so before an attack.Limited ability to see targets in range of attack before move.Non Customizable ""classes"", races, and characters.Pausing the game covers up a large portion of the screen hiding the artwork. (yes, it is that beautiful and yes, I this is how far I have to stretch to find a con)"
76561197997854087,Recommended,237990,12802262,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tromad,I found myself connecting with the characters throughout the story. I just finished the first game in the trilogy and I am left wanting the next game now. I must know what happens. A good buy if you enjoy story book style gameplay with lots of feels.
76561198025863296,Recommended,237990,23718632,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gotlin,"I don't normally play RPG style games anymore (diminishing free time and ability to remember storyline between play sessions) but I gave this a shot and really enjoyed the story and battle style. By a couple chapters in, I was hooked on the story.This is not a terribly complex game, which to me is GOOD."
76561198080118624,Recommended,237990,22525025,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,mjozerov,"Once you begin this winding and perilous journey you almost want it to never end.  The Banner Saga has one of the best stories of any game.  You really get absorbed into the characters and the plot line.  The graphics are gorgeous.  The turnbased combat is simple and easy to learn, though it does require some strategy and forthought.  This is a great game that all can play and enjoy."
,Recommended,237990,12677355,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,cazsim83,"While the combat felt a bit repetitive toward the end of the game, I did greatly enjoy the story and the characters in this game. The Oregon Trail-esque choices that truly could mean instant death for your favorite characters is present, and makes each choice truly feel important. This is like the recent The Walking Dead game, except when you go back to play/read what the other outcome would have been, you realize your choice actually did matter.I'm not sure I would play through it again, but I absolutely recommend playing this game to completion at least once if you are a fan of RPGs, turn-based combat games, and/or isometric older games like Baldur's Gate or Fallout 1 or 2, mixed with some Oregon Trail."
,Recommended,237990,8766174,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DocSeuss,"Few games keep my attention for more than an hour or two. I beat The Banner Saga in one sitting--which is no mean feat, as it took me nine hours to complete. It's a profoundly beautiful game, not simply from a graphical perspective (though it is one of the best-looking games I've ever played), but from a narrative perspective. I don't think I came across anything that I ever completely expected. The friends I lost and gained were unexpected. Some people lived when I thought they would have died. My losses were many, my victories few, but I soldiered on.Oh, yes, underneath it all, there's the tactical gameplay that's pretty interesting. I feel like it's lacking in something, though I couldn't tell you exactly what that is. And, y'know what? It locked up on me multiple times; I had to exit, restart, and load from the last save. It might be nice if I could manually save the game as well, but, hey, that's not really a big complaint, as the autosaving is fairly generous. The game's got a few grammatical errors in the dialog, mostly punctuation, but I think I spotted a few spelling problems as well.As an RPG, I'm not really sure how deep it is. I'm not sure if many of my choices had consequences. One choice led to fighting, but fighting is how you get renown, and renown lets you buy supplies for your people, as well as upgrade your units, so it's kindaBut y'know what?It's a beautiful game. I feel really... really different after having played it. It's an emotionally impactful experience. I'm a little bummed that it was only nine hours long, sure, but I also know this: I'll be replaying this game more than once, which is another feat I'm not prone to do. I'm not really a fan of turn-based games, but gameplay proved enjoyably compelling. The Banner Saga is a game I think everyone should play. It's a sad and heavy game in a wonderfully original take on the Viking mythos. I almost shed a tear at the end.This is a game worth buying."
,Recommended,237990,12680180,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,TheBoss_9001 - Бог секса и вина,Are you a happy individual that always sees the best in people? Play this game and prepare to have your soul shattered.Fantastic narative with familiar combat mechanics that calls back to the old school RPG's of the late '90's. Great characters with strong development as the story progresses. This will often tug at the old heart strings as your choices will have an impact on the characters.
,Recommended,237990,12868492,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DeLuman,"I did like this game, it is basically like Oregon Trail but instead of hunting mini-game there is a Tactics Turn Based Strategy mini-game.  The characters are interesting, the plot is easy to follow and enjoyable.  The music is unique, not my favorite personally but if you like old school chanting, this is definitely up your alley.All that comes with some caveats though.  Firstly the game ran potato quality on my computer, which is a little embarrassing, my computer is getting fairly old but the graphics were also at 64bit levels so I have no idea why the framerate was so bad.  Secondly, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥a little bit because the difficulty does ramp up after about 10 hours but also because it feels like a long slog to try and get through.  This problem is magnified by the end which is even more depressing.  Thirdly, the combat because pretty stagnant pretty quickly without much difference in units and with you using the same strategies over and over.  I'm still not sold on the armor/strength system but is was at least unique as far as I know and did make you think a little differently than most other Turn Based Strategy games.  I won't lie to you though, I hated the turn order system they used which made me use strategies that would be stupid in any other TBS game.That got pretty negative pretty quickly so let me re-iterate, this is a good game, but it could have greatly improved from just a bit more polish."
76561198018729976,Recommended,237990,12797635,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sir Zoppety,I can honestly say that I enjoyed this game very much. Few turn based games have ever caught my attention but The Banner Saga managed to do so. The artwork and soundtrack are wonderful and the setting for the game is amazing and original.
76561197971763279,Not Recommended,237990,19040068,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,LEGION3000,"Visuals A+Sound AGameplay CI absolutely loved the intro and the first few chapters.  The story was interesting and the characters compelling.  Unfortunately the turn based combat is uninspired and dare I say outright bad design.  This is a game I should have loved from top to bottom.  I love turn based games.  But the movement, lack of terrain and outright poor combat design principles just kill it dead.  Having your attack strenght directly tied to your hitpoints is one of the worst design ideas I have ever seen.  It completely eliminates any kind of come from behind strategy.  If you get behind in damage output you might as well restart the match because mathmatically you can't win.  Which brings me to the worst point.  Without any kind of cover or terrain the matches feel like math equations.  You put damage A+B against enemy C and your outcome is X.Mid to late game you realize that spending renoun on anything other than upgrading your warriors is a complete waste of time.  Your people and troops are completely irrelevant and the later game enemies completely outclass your best warriors.  You will also extremely favor some warriors over other less useful characters to the point of completely ignoring them.  Since levelling is directly tied to defeating enemies there is no incentive to take less useful characters.Bottom line, I bought this game for $5 and Card Hunter for $0.  Other than the story, I get way more enjoyment out of playing Card Hunters during the turn based battles.  I find this game to be highly over rated.  Maybe because its an indi game a lot of people give it a pass.  I wont be getting the sequels."
,Recommended,237990,8718390,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Derpson,"A really great game. It's a turn based tactics set in some sort of Scandinavian myths setting. The story seems to be very well written and captivating from the start. But what is really stands out - is graphics. The artwork is astonishingly great. The colors, the details... all is just right and very pleasant to the eye. The overall quality of the game is surprisingly great (in our year and age of rushed releases).The combat system is also quite unique. Your units can attack armor or strength. If you're attacking strength, you deal damage to health and to enemy's ability to fight at the same time, but this attack will be mitigated by armor. If you're attacking armor, you're not doing any harm to unit's health or his ability to fight, but instead open it for a much stronger attack in the future. There's also an unique characteristic called Willpower. Units can use it to deliver stronger blows or to run further than normal. But it's a limited resource which can be replenished by resting (skipping turns). It's just 2 unique mechanics but they greatly enrich the tactics metagame.All in all this is a great buy for anyone who loves turn based strategies or wants to try them out."
76561198018847741,Recommended,237990,31054807,Posted: 9 April,all,Brasidas,"First off I have to say that I enjoyed playing the Banner Saga (TBS) even though I found it “stressful” at times. Believe it or not, the story was actually affecting me – the pressure to find my clan a new home or even safe haven was unrelenting – and I realized later that the fact that I found it stressful meant that the game had succeeded, in a way. The story is told from two ends, from two perspectives. It’s a little confusing at first, but you get the hang of it as things pick up.+ (pluses): The game is beautifully rendered, even though it’s entirely in 2D. This goes to show that good games don’t require high frame rates, obscenely expensive graphic cards or computers that cost as much as a downpayment for a home.+ The score and authentic (I’m assuming) Norse vocals are mesmerizing and totally bring the game to a new level in terms of immersiveness.+ Turn-based combat, with a perk system for different classes of fighters. There is also a pre-combat setup phase, for deeper strategy, and special items that can be equipped to boost stats.+ Compelling (and unrelenting) storyline. You feel the clan’s desperation, and pressure to find shelter as you flee from place to place. Some players complained that there is too much emphasis on logistics and feeding your party; at first I tended to agree but after I completed the game, I realized that this was necessary to hammer home the desperation of the quest.+ Believable characters and permadeath add to the RPG mix (games are only saved at fixed points). You lose a character and it’s like a kick in the gut. Should you have done something differently? Do you wait for stragglers or push on? Your decisions matter.= (neutrals): I realize that the feeding of the party is crucial; however, I feel that the gameplay could have been better balanced in this area. Using fame to buy food? Seriously? Maybe the party can be auto-replenished at locations instead? Otherwise the player simply skews the entire gameplay towards accumulating food, which makes this kind of meaningless, because TBS is much more than that.- (minuses): While the map is beautiful, it’s not interactive and rather pointless. I realize this is not a traditional RPG where you can backtrack and revisit locations, but the information on the map is difficult to correlate to what’s happening to you in real-time and where it’s happening. So why even bother having one?Overall, TBS is a good game and I enjoyed playing it. There is some replayability, even though the story is linear. Would a character have died if I did something differently? I’m looking forward to playing the sequel and to seeing where the story takes us this time.7.0/10"
,Recommended,237990,12485845,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,nederob,"I've been postponing to play The Banner Saga for a long time. When the game was released on iOS, I suddenly realized I didn't even start my pc game yet. That evening I sat down and played for several hours straight. Now, 18 hours along the way I just finished The Banner Saga on Normal difficulty for the very first time,I'm not the type of gamer to play a game again in order to get all achievements, but I did check which ones I earned and which ones I did not get. As it turns out, there are many story branches based on the choices one makes. Characters can survive through out to story or die during battle.I love the background of this game. Vikings are cool. By adding some kind of Super Viking (Varl) the studio has created a big divirsity in the characters one can use during the game. I will not spoil anything, but don't get too attached to your characters... they might die.The combat is tactical. Take your time is make a move, look at the movement range of your enemies and make sure you double check for example the reach of your archers. It happened to me more than once that my archers was one block short to reach its target... That's just waste of a turn and might result in you losing the battle. During a battle characters can die. But you can't know in advance whether they are just ""passed out"" or they will be actually removed from the game and story.Between the turn based battles there are lots of conversations in which you get to make choices. It's not always clear what the results of your choices will be. The most confusing thing in The Banner Saga is that you can be travelling without food and still thieves can steal food or Varls can drink beer because we passed some religious statue.Overall The Banner Saga is one of the highlights in my recent gaming years. It left me wanting for more. I've got the same feeling I got when I played The Walking Dead by Telltale for the very first time. Game studio Stoic has developed a very nice and enjoyable game with a touching story. No tears, but in the end you can't help but wonder whether the ending is just the ending of the story or the result of your actions.I've decided I'm not going to find out. This is it. My story is over and now I'm waiting for the second chapter."
,Recommended,237990,8768381,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Canti,"The Banner Saga tells the story of a band of warriors, leading a caravan of soldiers and refugees over the countryside to escape the encroaching hordes of monsters known as Dredge.The game is a cross between a point and click adventure and a tactical RPG. There is a text-heavy story, with frequent choices to make that can have drastic effects on your progress. The choices you make during the events that unfold on the journey determine everything from loss/gain of supplies, to the deaths of certain characters.Your caravan will consume supplies and lose morale as it travels. The ""currency"" of the game, ""renown"" is gained from successful battles and from choices that have great impact. Renown can be spent on supplies or items at town markets, or on boosting the stats of your characters. You will likely find balacing your purchases extremely difficult, as renown is not so abundant.The main attraction to the game is the combat. You choose 6 warriors to take to battle, each with their own unique abilities. They can also be customised by choosing skill points for their stats when the gain a level, as well as equip them with items that provide buffs and other effects.The warriors move around on a tile grid. Moving a melee attacker adjacent to an enemy will allow you to attack. You can choose to do direct damage to their health (which also doubles as their strength stat), or deal damage to their armor which makes it easier to do more damage to their health. Your strength - their armor = damage done.There are two races in the game, Humans and giants called Varl. On the battle grid, the humans take the space of a single tile while Varl take up 4. This means you have to think carefully about positions, as units cannot pass through each other and grouping them close together may mean a character is simply stuck and wastes a turn. Additionally, you will also want to make sure your weaker units, specifically those with ranged attacks, are kept safe by placing them behind tougher characters such as the Varl Shieldbanger.Combat is satisfying, yet tough. You may find you become too weak to win battles while they keep getting harder throughout the game, it would be likely you need to replay the game so you know better what to expect. It is also a shame that units have no strengths or weaknesses against specific types of enemy units, and also that the unique abilities of each character are very situational and won't get used very often.The presentation of that game is fantastic, it is a visual marvel with finely animated characters, gorgeous scenery and a pleasing artistic aesthetic. There isn't much music to be found, but what little there is usually fits the scenario perfectly and adds to the atmosphere and scale of the world you traverse.Without spoiling anything, the storyline is a little on the weak side. None of the characters are particularly memorable. One of them had actually died off earlier in the game and I hadn't noticed until much later. Too much of the dialog is filler and a lot of the interesting parts don't lead anywhere and are never mentioned again.As a complete package, this is a gorgeous looking title with a lengthy campaign and addictive turn-based strategy gameplay. Veterans of this genre will find enough content to chew on and newcomers will appreciate the easy-to-understand mechanics and hands-on tutorials."
,Not Recommended,237990,13681786,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wirelessdarkness,"While the story borrows some really fantastic concepts from Norse mythology and starts with a bang, you're promised a Saga and receive a segment. There is no finality to this game, and you're ultimately left with an extremely shallow version of Final Fantasy Tactics with units who max at level five and some beautiful locations / characters who are left hopelessly vague.I bought this game when it went down to $15 after being released from like $30, and it was by far the worst decision I had made during any Steam Sale. I can say that as somebody who hasn't bought into too many Early Access titles. Download a background or two, watch a video on YouTube, just don't make the same mistake I did.EDIT: Some nice brony just pointed out my review is bull and they have a sequel coming later in the year. Great idea, spend another $30 to walk characters over more backgrounds. Even more of a downvote than I previously had.EDIT #2: Hey look, the second game is out and even worse than this one in many ways. LOL GO GO FANBOI FEVER"
,Recommended,237990,20312428,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Game Eater,"The Banner Saga is a strategy RPG with a viking fantasy setting developed by Stoic and published by Versus Evil.Narrative:The Good - The Banner Saga has an amazingly well detailed and rich universe. There is a whole map created for the game that gives an insane amount of lore about the world. The story itself is much better than most fantasy stories. Rather than going for the clichè ""save the princess"" or ""find the sword"", The Banner Saga instead is about the journey of clans across their continent in search of safety and it is very well done. The main characters are incredibly vibrant and interesting from the stoic (ha ha), grim, and stern Iver to the innocent and forgiving Alette. I became heavily invested with many of the characters and actually cared about what happened to most of them. The Banner Saga also has branching paths. I looked back over the course of my journey and wondered how I could have changed things. The dialogue is also quite heartfelt and believable so that certainly helps add to the immersion.The Bad - Let's get the big one out of the way. The game does not pace itself well at points. There are points where it completely rushes through areas that could have been expanded on considerably. The ending is also one of the most rushed I've seen in quite awhile. The final moments are just sped through with absolutely no slowing down to emphasize the impact of the results. Also, many characters that seem like they could have been focused on more get little to no screen time and some that seem incredibly important just up and screw off. The game also doesn't wrap everything up and leaves some loose ends. The game has so much potential and would've hit every note if it had slowed down and taken awhile to let the story's outcomes settle in and open up more about characters and areas.Score - 8/10Graphics:The Good - This game is gorgeous. Every area of the game is brimming with little details that make it just a little bit more immersive. The hand drawn art style is perfectly done and should be applauded. The game runs smoothly for most of the time and has a beautful color palette that fits very well. One of my favourite art styles.The Bad - While travelling across the continent there is occasional hitching. Nothing horrible but certainly noticable.Score - 9.5/10Sound:The Good - The music is beautiful. This game has one of the most fitting soundtracks I've heard in a long time. It's incredibly somber during heartfelt scenes and tense and fast-paced in battles. The voice acting is done extremely well and the sound effects are crisp and perfect.The Bad - I feel like there could've been more narration and it would've added to the experience. There was barely any.Score - 9/10Gameplay:The Good - The game follows some of the basic SRPG mechanics and discards others while adding in some new ones that I feel mostly benefit the game. To start, the rock-paper-scissors style combat that usually shows up has been completely removed and replaced with Willpower, Armor, and Strength. These three mechanics work VERY well together and help give the game its own gameplay style. Strength is your health, however it is also your damage so when your health goes down, so does your damage. This might seem frustrating but actually works quite well and results in a lot more thought being put into moves as placing your party in a vulnerable position may result in future losses. The Armor affects how much damage can be done to someone. High armor means it is very hard to get a meaningful hit in and so it also has to be taken into consideration adding even more complications. The game, however, never becomes overly complicated and manages to still be easy to understand, yet incredibly hard to master. As for Willpower, this is probably one of the best features. Willpower allows you to do more than you can normally do. It allows people to move further, hit harder, or use their special attacks. This is great as you can use it as a way to get out of a place you don't want to be in or take that last bit of health out of an enemy. The party management is also interesting. If a party falls in battle, rather than dying, they are injured and have a Strength penalty until they rest enough. This means you'll have to rest and waste supplies, causing your clan's morale to drop, causing a loss of Willpower in battle. It puts some extra pressure on during non-combat segments. Wars also happen throughout the game and allow for several different options for handling battles giving a sense of freedom. The difficulty is also perfect. The game never becomes too overwhelming, yet always offers a challenge. Tactical, patient players will be rewarded while people who rush to kill someone will usually be shut down. Finally, Renown. Renown is the in-game currency and is used to purchase supplies and combat items. Renown is also used to upgrade characters so it becomes quite a problem for youself when you don't have enough to both get a crucial upgrade for a charcter and that really enticing piece of equipment. Overall, the gameplay has some amazing mechanics at work and can certainly hold a candle to other SRPGs.The Bad - First, the game does not explain the consequences of clan deaths at all and there doesn't seem to be any so that mechanic is dead in the water. As for combat, the game becomes repetitive sometimes. Not many different enemies are thrown at you and so it may become a bit tedious at points. The final battle was also obnoxious as my characters were randomly getting stunned at random times and there was nothing I could do about it, prolonging the battle and irritating me. There is also almost no customization for characters. There aren't many different ways to build characters and usually your party is already decided due to low character counts at points. You can't choose their weapon and upgrading usually is quite straight forward. On top of this, many of the special attacks were (in my opinion) very underwhelming and ignorable.Score - 8/10Longevity and Replayability:The Good - My first playthrough lasted around 11-12 hours. I still feel like there is a lot I could've changed and seems like enough incentive to go back and try again. There are also a considerable number of acheivements if that's what you're in to.The Bad - Again, the game rushes through its story quite a bit.Score - 8.5/10Final Score:The Banner Saga is flawed. Greatly. But there is so much good here that I really do have to commend it for its efforts. It certainly isn't perfect, but it has enough good in it that I can recommend it at full price, easily. If you enjoy SRPGs, fantasy settings, or beautiful looking games, then look no further than the Banner Saga.8.6/10 = Very Good"
76561198304230451,Recommended,237990,26246600,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,dainbramaged4lyf,"This is why we love games over most other medias people. The story. As you play two different clans that struggle to survive the multiple onslaughts of an unstoppable army of beings known as the Dredge, a world consuming worm that shatters the land, and desperate highwaymen. You must make calculated, difficult and terrible choices to keep your tribe intact from these unrelenting threats. In the turn based combat you must anticipate your adversary's move and force them to react to your's.The combined animation and music elements evokes emotions that root you in the moment. The characters ARE the story. Each person has the power to save the day or bring everyone to ruin. Your choices are what make the story. You cannot save a game at certain point, make an undesirable choice and rehash it. It's just like it should be, YOU must OWN your decicions."
76561198042848934,Not Recommended,237990,16286596,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,shafergaston,"For what it promises, it doesnt deliver. The battles are fun and certainly challenging at the higher levels. However, the game in my opinion inadequately makes use of a lot of the 'extra' stuff (the number of people in your party, the management of supplies and morale, and even the map are all just extraneous). You can go through the game without caring about supplies at all or by carefully managing the size of your group, and it doesn't matter; the only thing that matters is that you have leveled up enough for the final boss.The 'decisions' you make seem to have little impact on the actual gameplay other than what characters you have at the end, and zero impact on the end of the game. Zero. You might as well read a short story and have battles in the middle of it.I have read this is meant to be a trilogy and maybe these 'decisions' will mean something in a sequel, but for an opener, the game leaves WAY to much story on the table unanswered. I did not feel like I had come to a closing point in the game when the credits rolled, I felt like I had completed the first chapter of a standalone game, and was mildly annoyed (Imagine playing Final Fantasy Seven, and after you escaped Midgar, the game was over)."
76561197993623800,Not Recommended,237990,11522778,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,epilardus,"'What's the Deal' with The Banner Saga?It pains me to give this game a thumbs down, because it's clear that a lot of love went into creating it. The Banner Saga finds a ragged group of humans and giants fleeing from a world-consuming scourge. As the leader of this caravan, you are presented with choices that will determine your people's survival. You get to decide the course of action, from when to fight to how to adjudicate petty squabbles.And here is where the one of the game's major flaws comes sharply into focus: You're routinely asked to make these decisions without enough information, and some of the choices you are presented are not choices at all. For instance, in one portion of the game, I was asked whether I wanted to take my caravan the longer, safer route or try to make it through a dangerous shortcut. Realizing we were low on supplies, I knew we would run out of food if we went the longer way, so we drew our swords and attempted to fight our way though. After some combat and attempts by the game to dissuade me from taking the shortcut, it eventually just perma-deathed a party member I'd been leveling and told me I could not go that way because it was too dangerous. I didn't lose the battles; I was just forced to take the other option. It reminded me of the old choose-your-own-adventure books, where the choice presented might be to go left or right down a path, and the next thing you know you're killed by aliens that came out of nowhere. The player is deprived of any way to gauge risk and reward, and left to just picking something and hoping for the best.On the positive side, the artists have done a beautiful job, creating intricate visuals and animation that evoke the frozen Viking -inspired world in which the game takes place. The sense of immersion is further heightened by Austin Wintory's music, which serves as a perfect accompaniment as your lost group treks across the bleak, snow-covered plains and jagged mountains (go check it out on Spotify).But then there's the writing. Oh, the writing. It completely shatters the world the game struggled so hard to create. Watching hardened Norsemen saying modern phrases like ""We got screwed in the great wars,"" ""What's the deal with him?"" and ""You have to put up with my crap a little longer"" serves as a constant reminder, that no, you are not the leader of a group wandering refugees in the frozen north, you're sitting at your computer playing a game.If you're looking for a similar experience that includes turn-based combat, RPG elements and decision-making, while immersing you in the game's world, ""Expeditions: Conquistador"" is a far better game."
,Recommended,237990,17363009,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,alpercet,"I bought the Deluxe pack and I muıst say, that this game is lesser than I've expected. Don't get me wrong, It's good stuff you will play. Yet, there are some issues I need to tell.1. The game is largely story driven:The wonderful game map may give you a misconception, that you can travel to any area. Sadly, your route is predefined.2. Most of the character abilities are useless and some items are over powered:For instance, give Alette the +3 Armor breaking item and you will see it's much better than her special ability. Somewhat broken if you ask me. The spearmaster's impale ability is mostly useless except of the projectile enemies that flee after each damage they take. Another item gives you a knockback ability with 4+ strength damage. LIKE A BOSS!!!3. This game has a main character:The way that the game was presented, you may assume that Rook is just a kindle of the events and you will be very flexible on each decision making process or character addition. It gave me an idea that if other people play the same game, we might have entire different outcomes. (Someone, who decides to go on with the lead of Ekkill, Eirik, Hakon etc. find entirely different paths in the story was what I have expected.) Characters like Ubin and Ludin have rarely a weight at the story.4. Next episode:Within the game, you see a lot of additional material that reveals a centaur race, and you know that there would be much more to explore. The game just came out as the first episode of what is bound to come afterwards. But, I'm still waiting for sequels, DLC storylines etc... I begin to suspect that this will not happen.FINAL VERDICT: Buy it if it's on sale!"
,Recommended,237990,24963507,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FOXX5,"This was a good game. I liked that it had good art and story, but it was a lot of reading. There is very little animation. Most images are still art that you pan across. I was expecting it to talk like the telltale games, but it doesn’t. There are a few speaking narrative parts so expect to read a lot and don’t try and skip the text or you won’t know how to respond to conversations. The fighting part of the game was fun, but could have been better. I'll probably pass on the sequel unless a good sale comes along. Overall I give it a 80/100"
76561197970289053,Not Recommended,237990,8779270,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Shepherd,"The Banner Saga is a shiny red apple that looks delicious until you really bite into it and find it worm infested.  The art and music are very well done and bring a sure charm to the game that seems to have bedazzled a lot of reviewers.  My issues with the game didn't become aparent until well into it (more than a few hours).  The only important resource in the game is ""renown"", which you use to either level up your characters or to buy supplies so your ""caravan"" can eat.  There is so little renown in the game you generally have to choose to do either/or of these activities.  As a result you can either feed your people as a kind leader would and end up losing a lot of battles with a stagnant squad of low level guys or you can ignore your people, allow them to starve and die off, and level your squad of fighters to win battles.  Despite the fact that one of your two leaders you control has the occupation of ""master hunter"" there is no hunting in the game.  No way to procure food except for the occassional scripted even with a ""King of Dragon Pass"" choose your own adventure chance to get precious supplies.It makes for a frustrating experience.  Perhaps the point is the force the player into being cold and heartless much the same way Fable 3 did.  That experience ended up being sub optimal as well.For $30+ I wish there was more of a game here to go with the fantasy story.  It just as easily could have been an excellent interactive novel on an iPad.  Instead of playing to the strengths, the game is shackled like a mewing beast to lame ""Oregon Trail"" gameplay and a somewhat counter intuitive basic turn based tactical combat system.  There are D&D Goldbox games available online that were made twenty years ago with far more tactical depth than what this 2014 game offers.On the upside, the game looks great (even on a Mac without a dedicated graphics card).  The music is decent if not a bit overly dramatic.  The characters are mostly interesting.I haven't finished it.  I'm probably a little more than halfway.  Sadly, there are too many worms for me to finish this deceptive looking fruit."
,Not Recommended,237990,8794309,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,xJohram,"For all you guys who are hoping for a gameplay - Banner Saga is not for you. If you like playing visual novels - this game is not for you also, the story is really poor. Get some time of your own and read a book.To start with. I have had great hopes for this very game. The videos and screenshots looked impressive. The graphics and music definitely made my decision on the purchase.Once I hit the 10 hours mark of being in game it come clear that this is nothing of what I was hoping for.I will just quote some of the description given.>Live through an epic role-playing Viking sagaThere is nothing epic except the plot. Interesting game universe, poor storytelling, poor characters.There is nothing of role paying considering the 'role playing' as interaction with the world and making decisions important for the outcome of an event. You are given a set number of characters that will act as they have been set to, no more. You are being told the story, so sit up and listen - that's how it goes.>...where your strategic choices directly affect your personal journey.Let's be clear on this one. That's bull... . The choices you are going to make through the story are nothing, the choices are illogical and have little to do with the common sense and are anything but strategic. Basically, probable outcome is:1) You get renown (ingame currency also used to lvl up);2) You get nothing/one of your characters dies;3) You get nothing;4) You get nothing.*Moral boosts along with several fighters for your army are not even worth mentioning*To emphasise: YOU CANNOT GUESS THE OUTCOME OF YOUR CHOICE, neither logically thinking, nor by any common sense. The results of your choices are defined by the developers. If you are lucky you will get something, if not... well.You can also make ANY choice and run through the game like nothing happened.>Make allies as you travel with your caravan across this stunning yet harsh landscapeRefer to my thoughts on 'strategic choices'. Same goes here - right answer (on the developers opinion) - you get the allies.>Carefully choose those who will help fight a new threat that jeopardizes an entire civilization.Same as for ""strategic"" choices. The outcome of your decision:1) There will be fight;2) There will be fight;3) There will be fight under another circumstances;4) There will be no fight, meaning no renown for you.To draw the line.Pros:- plot;- mood;- graphics.Cons:- poor storytelling;- no freedom of choice, just predefined illogical variants that have no impact on the story;- no gameplay - you are going to fight two battles all game long: 1) vs humans; 2) vs dredge. That's pretty much all you can do;- you cannot make right decision.Who would I recommend the game to?- if you have not decided which viking movie to watch - this game is for you;Who would I recommend the game not to?- if you like RPG and was hoping to get your hands on one."
76561197963159120,Not Recommended,237990,16406475,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[NWA] Enki,"I really wanted to like this game. The combat isn't bad (though it's not inspired either -- the lack of terrain features combined with the suicidal ""gank the weak ones"" AI combine to make it all feel very gamey) but the story is just not interesting.If you're going to go with the whole ""the world is doomed"" plot line you have to give me a reason to care about this world. However, all the characters felt flat and uninteresting, and with a few exceptions they were just variations on the 'generically ok person' template. The visual design was not very interesting -- everything looks like a 70s cartoon and all the characters basically wear the same outfits.Also, the game occasionally ambushes you with choices the ramifications of which are not really possible to understand at the time. This is a big narrative mistake; it's not really clever writing to ""trick"" the player into making a bad choice when there's no way to understand what the choice actually is. Actually gripping choices in a game come from making a hard choice between two equally good (or bad) outcomes, not from simply trying to pull a gotcha on players.There are lots of VERY good RPGs out there. There's no reason to waste your time with one like this unless you're really desperate for something to do."
,Recommended,237990,24420898,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,$CRIM,A strategy game for players picking up one for the first time or someone who only plays them. With some beautiful and unique graphics.
76561197989239997,Recommended,237990,12845738,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,RagnarokAmmo17,"This is hands down one of the best games I've ever played. Rich immersive art and music that resonates with Nordic bones. Epic story telling that thrusts you into situations with which you can't tell what is the most advantageous choice even a few times through. The battles feel dire from your first encounter. Every time an ally is downed it feels fatal and every victory is glorious. You must master stratagem, positioning and party composition in order to survive this journey.I hope a sequel is coming with a Vs mode and more diverse enemies."
76561197985072747,Recommended,237990,8709124,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Fantasy 80s style cartoon Turn Based Survival/Battle GameI love this game set in the world of Viking Types and Giants (Varl) with the Baddies (Dredge). The game plays like you are escorting a caravan with clansmen, fighters and Varl to deal with and feed on the way. The animation and characters look great and awaken a lot of nostalgia (for people having watched things such as Fire and Ice and the LOTR animated film). There are several chapters that see you following different characters to add variety to the story. The combat is quite tactical and is a challenge with some character progression and single items allowed to boost them slightly.Main Criticsm - The voice acting is limited so you end up reading a lot of conversations (although it is worth reading in most cases)."
,Not Recommended,237990,8768822,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Carighan,"Whelp, this is a disappointment. When you start the game up, it impresses left, right and centre. It's artwork is amazing, the music is stellar, the combat system appears really interesting and there's lot of named characters to explore and a gargantuan world shown.But the more you play, the more you realize that what it shows you in the first 1-2 hours is actually all there is to this ~7-10 hours game. The AI is dreadful, the combat system never goes past the complexity it has in the tutorial parts, the characters aren't explored, the choices don't actually change anything, the map is useless as you are on two rather short fixed treks with no open exploration and there's no story to speak of.Worse, of the 7-10 hours you play, 15%-20% is spent watching tiny sprites trek along a landscape, fully automated. It's painfully slow, and really underlines how much this was done to pad the game length.Disappointing. In theory, this could be a great game. Good ideas, awesome world, stellar presentation. Just that there was nothing built around it."
,Not Recommended,237990,8780224,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"It bums me out to give this a negative review, since I badly wanted it to be good and did enjoy some aspects of it.  The art and animation are stunning; it was very clearly made by a team of visual design veterans.  I applaud Stoic's attempt at breathing new life into tactical RPG battles by making it more akin to chess than say, FF Tactics.  Unfortunately, the system they came up with is easily exploited once you understand how it works.  Weaken (but don't kill!) lesser mobs so that they can't deal damage and continue to eat up turns for the enemy team, then focus on the heavy hitters.  After a while I started to dread fights because of how formulaic and boring they become.  No variation/advantages in terrain; just the same tired grid, battle after battle after battle.  The lore is excellent and well-formed, yet the story itself is unfocused and difficult to follow.  Even the score by Austin Wintory (whose soundtrack for indie darling Journey is amongst the greatest of all time) is forgettable.I feel like there's a great game somewhere in here, but the pieces just haven't come together yet.  With any luck Stoic will raise enough funds to continue the saga and I'll give it another go to see if they resolve some of these issues.  Until then I can't bring myself to finish this first installment.  Too bad.UPDATE: Ended up beating the game anyway since I was at the final boss.  Had to cheese my way through on easy thanks to an absurd upswing in difficulty for the second phase of the fight.  It did not improve my opinion of the game."
76561198018141136,Not Recommended,237990,22037129,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dwarf-Lord Pangolin,"I so want to enjoy this game more than I actually do. The combat system is fun, sensible, and deep; the artwork is beyond beautiful; the music is fantastic; and the story is enthralling.But there's just way too damn much railroading. I don't mean in terms of not having much choice as to where you're going (that part's fine with me). I mean in terms of what happens to people.The bottom line is that characters don't live or die based on the foreseeable outcomes of your choices. They die based on what whoever wrote the story thought should happen. ""If you do X, this person will die five hours later in your game. Period. No, you will not see it coming. No, you will not get to react to it or have anysort of impact on what happens; you will get a bunch of text that tells you what I have decided will happen."" You're left completely powerless and turned into a passive observer.The loss of control kills the story; it completely ruins your immersion in this rich, deep world, and slams you back on the tracks. Whenever someone's died, I've felt cheated in a way no other game has made me feel. My reaction hasn't been ""well, I was hoping for a better outcome than that, but fair's fair. I took some risks, and I can see how that would make sense."" Nope. The overwhelming feeling I'm left with is ""How the heck was I supposed to know that was going to happen?"" I feel like I have to constantly second-guess the game by trying to figure out how the various choices are trying to screw me over, instead of getting into the mindset of the characters and thinking ""what makes sense here?""This is the second time I've tried to play this game through, and I'm genuinely sad that I suspect it'll be the last. With such a linear storyline, it's only got so many playthroughs in it. Which is a shame, because apart from that it really is a terrific game. If you don't think that'll bother you as much as it does me, give it a go."
,Recommended,237990,26428578,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Acreades,"A wonderful tale. If you appreciate the great things of this earth- those that appeal to eye, ear, soul... this game is worth your time. Give yourself over to the world they have created. Make hard, lasting decisions. Fear, honor, loss, survival.Take this journey."
,Recommended,237990,29182363,Posted: 11 January,all,JOHJ,"It's like Oregon Trail meets Fire Emblem but the very air smells of despair, doom breathes heavily down your neck along with the crushing regret of a hundred mistakes that cost scores of innocents their lives and you have no one to blame but yourself and the wailings of a myriad of weeping mothers echo in the hollow emptiness inside you.also Bolverk a cute"
,Recommended,237990,30967970,Posted: 5 April,all,Anaheim,"Great game, definitely get it if on sale.Pros:-Beautiful Artwork.-Good combat system.-Interesting Storyline.-Multiple endings, your choices matter.-Epic Soundtrack.-Interesting characters and modest worldbuilding.-Great controller support.Cons:-I felt the 12 hr playtime to be a bit short. (the replayability offsets this though).-No manual saves.-Can't fast forward or skip the travel scenes.-Game seems incomplete at the end. Have to play the second game to continue the story. (for a completionist like me this is a bit of a let down)-The character leveling system could use some tweaking, in its current state it is very difficult to level up your tanks.Overall it is a good story rich game, perfect for a lazy weekend. 8/10."
76561198056885943,Not Recommended,237990,8744948,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,kizer5.red,"I wish I loved this game.I love the art, I love the music, I love tactical RPG's.But I can not figure out the story; the choice options are not useful as either they are not what you want to do, are redundant such as: ""say Ludin is no one; tell ludin to shut up and leave; or beat ludin up until he is quiet"", and the choices don't always do what you want them to do.I could get over this and see it as a more fun version of the Oregon Trail but there are 3 things that really bug me about this game.Save Files, turn's and health/armorYou don't get any manual save options, instead the game generates auto save at some point (I can not tell when) and you have the classic ""continue from your last thing"" at one point my 'last play' and the last auto generated save where 10 days of travel and 7 battles apart not to mention key characters that died or did not die.And the turn order in combat. I don't mind the I get 1 move then the opponent gets 1 move. But this system is seriously flawed when either you or the AI are outnumbered by the other, allowing your 3 units to move 2 times for ever 1 time their 6 units more.It would be alot better if it had some turn order based on speed like Final Fantasy Tactics Advanced does, or if it was a simple 1 character move per 1 round like a lot of table top miniature games are.You don't seem to be able to heal your health in battle and this is only annoying because you might have 3 health points left but still have 20 armor points. But because you can choose to attack health or armor, health weakens their life and their attack and attacking armor sometimes lets your next attack on that unit do more damage, there is no point in attacking armor. Enemies almost never attack armor and can hit you unit with a max health of 15 for 7 damage and then because you have 5 unit’s to their 2 that same enemy can get an extra turn to get your unit to 1 health and attack before he gets a move thus making him a wasted turn when he does come around.In my eyes the whole point of an armor stat is either that it decreased the amount of damage you take, or they have to get through your armor to get to your health. However there is no point in enemies attacking your armor because they already do such massive damage while you have to hit their armor down to half if you want to do more than 3 damage to their health/strength stat a hit."
76561198063116291,Recommended,237990,22663455,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,neverritt,"Though arguably inferior to its sequel,The Banner Sagais worth buying for the same reasons: hand-drawn animation, beautiful medieval music score, and strategic element of turn-based combat.If you're interested in the first installment,my immediate concerns are the survival and RPG elements.At least 50% of the gameplay is an unrealized Oregon Trail as randomized situations cause your clan to fight, argue, rejoice, or die off. Being nice to people in Banner Saga presents an equal chance of receiving resources and getting stabbed in the back. Read a game guide, attempt to roleplay, or flip a coin.The nagging survival elements consist of managing food supply and morale. Food supply can be bought with Renown, your experience points, which takes away from the pool used to level up party members. This fight for balancing the health of your clan with the power of your party takes away from the possible enjoyment of combat and skill allocation.Fighting with a party of developed skills is arguably much more fun than keeping your clan members alive. Unless you care about the weak consequences (the resulting dialogue is similar to a waving finger), you might as well not care about their health. On the other hand, Morale supports combat by increasing strength of actions, but I did not see this as a necessity.If you are much more interested in the combat, tryThe Banner Saga: Factions. It's free-to-play, solely based on the turn-based strategy, and free from managing an annoying clan.If you are curious about its Viking-esque world specked with music for pressed marchers, give this game a go."
,Recommended,237990,27339188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Angelin01,"This game is a masterpiece. The story is amazing, even if cut a bit short. I played the second one as well and am waiting for the third.This is one of those that, when it ends, it leaves you staring at your screen wanting a bit more. And I want more."
76561198108639233,Recommended,237990,27233204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zuluhed,"Try to be good - game punishes you.Ok, next time  i'll be cruel son of a b...chGame punishes you again.10 hard choises/10"
76561197966666321,Not Recommended,237990,12234417,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Velox,"I feel almost bad not recommending it, this game has so much potential, but unfortunately it's pretty much wasted by the horrible ending.The pros:- The graphics are very pretty, and do convey the sense of being in another world, and of setting things up nicely- The music and the few voice-overs are very good- The general story, up until the end, is captivating and unique enough when stacked up against other games.The cons:- The game is on rails. Serious rails. And it feels like it. It actually provides you with a map you can click on, so you can learn about the different regions and cities of the world, but then won't let you plot a course to visit any of them.- The combat is actually pretty boring once you realize that every round of turn based combat, the turns go back and forth between you and the enemy. You just killed 3 enemies so it's now 5 on 3? Well, that just means some of the enemy units will go twice. It really sucks any aspect of strategy right out of the game.- The ENDING! Wow. I don't want to spoil it, but the game builds up so much about the setting, the history of the world, the different characters....and then it just ends. SO much could have been done, but wasn't. What a gyp."
,Not Recommended,237990,8794397,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,rho,"I was really excited to play this game, but the more I did so, the more obvious something became: I just wasn't enjoying it very much.The RPG elements of the game aren't bad. They aren't great either, but they're not bad. Nothing to write home about either way.The problem is with the turn-based tactical combat, which is bland and repetitive.  For starters, there is no terrain of any sort. You just get a blank grid with you and your enemies, with every square of the grid created equal. That means there's no choke points, no cover, no high ground, and so on.This is made worse by the bizarre way that turn order is handled. First one of your units moves, then one of the enemies, then back to one of yours, and so on. This applies even when one side outnumbers the other, so if you have 6 people and there are only 2 enemies left, each enemy gets to move three times as often as each of your units. This disparity just further eliminates any possibilities for actual tactics, and turns combat into a mosh pit of repeatedly hitting each other until everyone on one side has fallen over.Fortunately for the player, the enemy units and AI are sufficiently weak (at least on the default difficulty setting) that this is seldom a problem, especially as the game has no permadeath. You just keep on hitting the enemies until none of them are standing, and if a few of your side fall down in the process then it's no big deal.Which brings me to another problem: there are no other mission types. Every single combat is a straight last team standing. There's no ""control the point"" or ""survive for x turns"" or ""rescue the non-combat units"" or anything else. Just your units, their units, and yet another identical fight to the death."
,Recommended,237990,32486456,Posted: 16 June,all,lieberme,"An interesting turn-based strategy game. The storyline was intriguing. I was a fan of the aesthetics, though I have a friend who didn't like them. To each their own.Overall this game was very enjoyable and your choices matter. Think before you use your points and resources, they become more scarce as the game progresses."
,Recommended,237990,10328727,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Paikia,"Many recent Indie games I tried felt like unfinished, half baked products by lazy developers who've been trying to ride a trend for some easy money and fame, leaving me feel cheated and disappointed. Not The Banner Saga, though. This game looks like a lof ot talent, effort and hard work had been poured into it, and that alone, in my book, means a lot.The Banner Saga is a tactical Strategy RPG with a deep, intense story. The graphics and soundtrack are great, but what I like the most here, is the story. The atmosphere of the game is really dark, as the story is about a violent and bloody war. There's a lot of death, injuries, bloodshed and grief. Some people might consider such a setting to be problematic or even inappropriate for such a game, but I kind of like it. It's a refreshing look on things, at the very least. Just don't expect too many rainbows and unicorns. :)Another good aspect of the game, in my opinion, is the choices. Some people complain they don't have enough influence on the game. While I agree that it would be great if the choices had more weight, I think they do offer enough replayability value. Going through the game just once hardly feels like all there is to it, as I know if left me quite curious to play again, make different decisions and see where it leads me.As for the strategy part of the game, it's certainly one of the better parts of the game for me. The battle system is simple to learn (should be almost intuitive for anyone who's ever played such games before), but seems to have enough depth and balance to be appealing and interesting. It kind of reminds me of the battle system in Expeditions: Conquistador (another great tactical RPG, btw).As of now I haven't beaten the game, but I did get to the final battle. I ended up losing quite a few times, after which I simply got frustrated and gave up. I restarted the game, got kind of half-way before losing a mid-game battle and getting a 'Game Over'. The reason I'm describing all this, is to point out what I consider to be the only two real problems I have (or used to have) with the game:1) At the time, the difficulty level of the final battle was much higher than anything else you encountered during the game, and I don't mean ""slightly"" or ""moderately"" higher (which would make sense, considering it's the final battle), I mean it was REALLY much more difficult. I know many people have been complaining about this, enough to have the developers address and fix this issue, which probably means it should be okay now.2) The game is somewhat vague regarding the consequence of losing a battle. In most cases, if you lose a battle you can still continue playing, but you suffer some negative consequences. In a few specific battles, though, losing means getting  a ""Game Over"". It means you can get back to your last save and try again, but you don't get to continue playing despite the loss, as you would after losing a normal battle. This wouldn't be a problem for me, btw, if the game was clear about the rules. I'd expect to get at least a clue, that I'm facing a critical battle that I must win in order to survive. Well, the game doesn't give you anything to indicate there's a difference.Despite those two problems, I really like the game. It's one of the better games I encountered during the last few years. I'm kind of disappointed I didn't get to beat the game yet, but I did really enjoy playing it, regardless.EDIT (March/31/2016): By now I've managed to win the final battle and beat the game on 'normal' (the medium difficulty level). While I'm happy to have finally succeeded, I still feel the spike in the difficulty level was too much."
76561198025707146,Not Recommended,237990,11382403,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,glee7007,"The game has potential. It's beautiful, no doubt, and the storyline is interesting. The gameplay, however, leaves me wanting. Most of the gameplay is split between making decisions while you attempt to move your caravan somewhere safe and controlling a small party in turn based combat.There really aren't many options with the turn based combat. Most of the strategy will come down to picking your team, but once you're in the fight, there isn't always a lot to do. Each player has a specific talent they can use at the cost of a limited supply of points. Otherwise you can attack or skip/rest. I really wish the depth of options was greater. While the choice to break armor or attack strength adds a potential element of strategy, it becomes pretty obvious once you realize the enemies don't change much: break armor on the big guys, attack strength on the smaller guys, hope you can arrange the enemy in a way to link armor breaks...and that's about it.I was also let down by many of the special attacks. Some are highly situational, and require too much luck getting enemies arranged properly on the board to really take advantage of them. The ranged attackers tend to be super limited, and the support roles just don't offer a viable option to use effectively in battle.The caravan aspect of gameplay has you making text based choices when confronted with an option, like adding a stranger to your party or not. I enjoy the opportunity to roleplay, but it often seemed any choice was bound to be bad. Rarely did a choice end up being positive (though I don't know the results of alternative choices). While I can appreciate the idea that the caravan is supposed to be very difficult and force you to make difficult decisions where you know something bad is going to happen, it would be nice to have some variety. The worst of these, however, is when it leads to one of your characters being killed through text. No one dies on the battlefield, but they can during roleplay. Since resources are so limited and improving your fighters takes up the same resources that you use to buy food, losing a character you've invested in to a choice in dialog was almost enough to get me to stop playing.I've reached the end of the game, but I didn't have too much fun along the way. Some of the issues are just balancing. But ultimately the balance is off too much for me to recommend the game. I really wanted to like this one, but the only thing I came away impressed by is the artwork."
76561198007897819,Recommended,237990,10548226,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheYellingHorn,"The atmosphere of The Banner Saga is incredible. It's oppressive and depressing, and helps you become part of your party as they desperately seek solace in a world that is slowly ending - being consumed by an ancient darkness.Gameplay is split between turn-based strategy with an interesting Armor/Strength dynamic that will effect your approach and strategy to every situation, and overworld politics and diplomacy as you try to lead your party, maintain provisions, determine the speed at which you travel, and help (or abandon) passersby.The Banner Saga is a slowly paced game, and I mean that in the best possible way. It gives you time to absorb the world, and hammers in the weight of the decisions you have to make for the caravan and your allies. And these decisions matter. Critical characters can live and die based on the decisions you make, and there is no auto-saving to get them back. Choices are gray at best, and it's solely up to you, the player, to decide what you feel will best serve the caravan.Visually, it is beautiful, with smooth gradients of color behind swathes of silhouetted foreground, and a fitting soundtrack for you slow trek through the end of the world.Highly recommended for anyone looking for a story-driven game or a different take on turn-based strategy. The Banner Saga is oppressive, overwhelming, and exhausting. And it's incredible for it."
,Recommended,237990,21891495,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,(O)RE,"+Beautiful art+Great soundtrack.+Easy gameplay.+Interesting story.+Different ways to upgrade your characters, as you cannot max out all of your stats.-Lots of text reading.-The campaign ends a little bit unexpectedly. It could be bigger, too.-Not enough time to upgrade all your characters and small max level limits."
,Not Recommended,237990,16638091,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dogsong,"The battle system is really annoying. I liked the HP=attack strength part, but the ""turns always alternates between sides, one character at a time"" rule means that if you kill weaker enemies you essentially give the stronger ones extra turns. Therefore, to win, you must weaken as many enemies as possible without killing them. This is nonsensical, counterintuitive, and not very fun."
,Not Recommended,237990,11307521,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,simplypflynnah,"Near the start of the game there's a fully animated cut scene setting the early stage of the game. It's well done, it looks amazing and gives background to where you are, and the setting you are in. I looked forward seeing a few more cut scenes like this- but to my surprise it was the only one of it's type in the game. No second act cut scene, no ending cut scene- just a couple still pictures. They set the bar for themselves very high whit this opening cartoon story telling bit- get your hopes up high, then let you down by not following through in the rest of the game.The combat lends itself to one tactic- cripple enemies so they don't hurt you, then let them run around and eat up the enemies turn order so the tough guys don't act as quick/as often. It makes very little sense- in video game or real world logic. ""Attack! But don't kill them, maim them, so like, the other guys won't attack as much."" In most tactic games killing a bad guy would mean there is less of a threat- slowly gain an advantage until it's a big advantage, then win. Not here, the metagame tactic of maiming is unfun.The health/armor system is interesting, and may have been fun if the rest of the combat helped with a more cohesive vision. Too often I would feel like a battle would be uninteresting simply because a huge dude just happened to start combat near a weak dude, and smashed his face in- either on my side or the enemy side. There are some 'tactics' to this game, such as positioning people for small bonuses here and there- but on a whole its a pebble in a shallow pond.The decision making process outside of combat is more frustrating than anything. Too often you would look at your list of options, and see the logic behind one of the answers. ""This looks like a reasonable option"" you might say to one of them. So you pick that option, only to find that the vague wording has lead you astray, or unforeseen logic throws you for a loop and you end up frustrated. ""Post gauds to guard supplies!"" You might say. ""Ok!"" The game will tell you. ""But robbers stole half your stuff anyway, wah wah."" So why did I bother with the guards at all! Another example; an option might say “I trust you.” So you selected that. But then the scene plays out like “I trust you. Dead men don’t lie!” Then you stab him dead. Didn’t see the flow of logic there? Too bad, the game autosaved, live with it.At one point in the game you need to use an item to win a battle. This fight is annoying for a few reasons.First- there's an NPC giving stupid hints that too vague to be helpful, and the speech bubble is right over half your characters. So you have to wait a few moments before selecting where to move, because you can't see anything.(Also you can not adjust the camera in combat, and it can get messy/clucnky/and visually clustered quickly. When things get heated in combat you'll be fighting the menu more than enemies.)Next, the storyline item used in the fight is not explained. Maybe this my bad, but I didn't realize that it became a special ability of a character during that fight. There was no indication that it was there, and I never used that characters abilities anyway, so why would I look? I thought at certain conditions where met the item would be used in a cutsence or something- but nooope you just have to know. Great, wasted 2 hours before I realized that.I want to like this game. It does some things really well.The story feels like it's a real fleshed out fantasy novel. The one single cut scene is really good. The use of fire emblem style dialogue deliver (nonmoving portraits of characters) look nice.But overall this game doesn’t need more polish, it needs better design.I want to like it, but can't. I also can't recommend this unless it's on sale for half off or more."
,Recommended,237990,8718347,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,defmore,"It plays well, but there some things that just pisses me the ♥♥♥♥ OFF to no end.-No Manual Save feature; which is especially frustrating because the outcome of a lot of those cutscenes make no ♥♥♥♥ing sense; NEVER RUN FROM A FIGHT, ALWAYS CHOOSE DIRECT CONFRONTATION; you will lose heroes, supply, army, etc otherwisebest example: I have a choice to either run or fight an army ""that greatly outnumbers mine"", according to the text. Ok I run, lose a high lvl hero LOL ok I reload a autosave, replay to the encounter and choose FIGHT this time, and it was actually MY army that outnumbered the enemy greatly, an easy fight followed and I lost nearly nothing.-Unbalanced encounters: Sometimes the fights have like 4-5 enemies, other times 15+, LOLwhich is ok when you have EGIL with whom you can abuse the AI; BUT THE GAME HATES HIM AND WANTS HIM DEAD-Losing high lvl heroes, whats the ♥♥♥♥ing point of lvling them, especial egil, the game wants him dead so badly, but he is like the most useful character in the game. just G2H stoic-Losing multiple high lvl heroes in 2 textboxes, lolok gj I stop playing now, no way to talk may way out of it, why the ♥♥♥♥ was it even a cutscene with multiple choice answers? That's nothing more than the illusion of choices.-the story ends at the halfway point, with multiple endings that dont really differ from each other .. like in ME3"
76561198040855634,Recommended,237990,9082030,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,el Tron,"The Banner Saga excels more so at being a demonstration at the power and potential of crowd funding more so than it does as a successful tactical RPG. A story driven, episodic, tactical game like this would have had no chance of making it into the public's eye just a few short years ago, and because of this, gamers should be thrilled. Standing on its own, The Banner Saga is a very decent game that just narrowly gets a recommendation from me. The art style is simply stunning, and will undoubtedly land The Banner Saga on many ""Best Looking Games of 2014"" lists. The story itself is also fascinating with its ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" style of narrative, although your mileage may vary when it comes to becoming emotionally involved with the plights of the game's multiple protagonists.The Banner Saga's biggest missed opportunity, in my opinion, is with the combat system. It's a very bare-bones system that adds nothing significant to the genre, and begins to feel quite repititive as you progress through the game and often repeat battles due to the game's high difficulty. It's functional and all, but overall just feels competent at best, and ultimately disappoints, as a stronger combat system could really have propelled The Banner Saga into the realms of the greats. But overall, it's a solid debut effort from Stoic, and if you're a fan of this genre, is worth checking out once the price drops a bit."
76561197970867596,Not Recommended,237990,12406928,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,PolloDiablo,"I like almost everything about this game, but it ends really abruptly and with no resolution. I'd recommend holding off until the whole trilogy is out."
76561198028352716,Not Recommended,237990,8792703,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Ashley Schaeffer,"The Banner Saga, it was one of the few indie games of recent memory that I was truely pumped up and excited for... I guess I shouldnt have gone in with such lofty expectations.This is no Final Fantasy Tactics or Agarest War if that's what your looking for, those games are way deeper in terms of combat and story. The Banner Saga is very bare bones when it comes to being a turn based strategy-RPG game.Now I know that the Stoic team is mostly made up of a few ex-Bioware guys but the story similarities between The Banner Saga and Dragon Age are eerily similar, if you've played both games then you can probably see the parrallels.The Banner Saga is supposedly going to be an episodic or trilogy style series, very lame considering nowhere on the steam store page does it say anything about this being an espisodic/trilogy half-baked half-made un-finished game... but this is an indie kickstarter game so why am I surprised. If you were like me and expected to have a full complete epic journey to sink into from start to finish then you are in for a very rude awakening, we got fleeced.The first part which is available on Steam, is extremely short and when the credits roll there is literally no forward progress made in the story and your left with a giant TO BE CONTINUED....I cannot reccommend this game in its current state unless your a hardcode turn based-RPG fan, and even then this will be a bit of a stretch because the campaign is so woefully short. This game is un-finished and not worth its current price of $25.00Personal Pet Peeve: This game has nothing to do or in common with ""true"" viking/nordic mythology at all. I honestly dont even see how the developers can make such a claim on the store page, sure this game might be ""inspired"" by viking/nordic mythology but I would use that term extremely loosely in this case. There is nothing even remotely viking'esq about this game, only a perversion of what some developer who has probably never read an Edda thinks a viking might be like, for shame.Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,237990,8752597,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Kelfezond,"I pre-ordered this and honestly not overly impressed with the game, as everyone else has said the music and the art work is lovely but it's not enough on it's own and it really does just come down to that.The combat is not so much difficult as it is annoying, one of my biggest annoyances with combat was how the turns are always switched between sides, so even if I can see which enemy soldier is next on the turn list and I kill him off, his turn will just be replaced by another enemy meaning it's more combat effective for me to leave enemies alive but damaged rather than killed so I can get attacked by a fresh enemy. Very frustrating.I seriously don't understand the renown purchasing thing, why do I have to choose between leveling up my characters and buying supplies? When characters start getting very high level it costs so much renown to actually level them that you're effectively starving your caravan of supplies.I was not impressed that the description of this game put so much emphasis on choices, the result of said choices are almost entirely + supplies or - supplies, occasionally randomly killing off a character who has been with you a long time with just a a sentance, it just doesn't feel part of the story.The last gripe I have is the characters in your caravan, I completed the game after 2 days but I don't think I skipped anything so it's a short game anyway but in my entire play through apart from the scenes where you recruit new characters there is only ever 1 other conversation with them throughout the game (unless of course it's one of the main characters) this annoyed me a bit I was looking forward to seeing how my new companions would get on with each other in the stresses of my starving caravan but they apparently go silent once they join me.After this I really can't recommend this game, it just doesn't deliver on what the game description said."
,Recommended,237990,10993634,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Moobeat,"The Banner Saga is a refreshing blend of a traditional tactics game and a survival game - think Final Fantasy Tactics meets Oregon Trail! The game is filled with beautiful landscapes and a delightfully interactive storyline that'll see you wondering if you can really if it's really worth inviting a drunk varl to join you...If you really dig the single player or maybe just want to preview the game play, there is also a free to play multiplayer version of the game called ""The Banner Saga: Factions""."
76561198067330202,Not Recommended,237990,23659570,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"I don't really want to give this Game a negative Review, but there are no grey areas in the reviewsystem and if I ask myself ""would you recommend this game to others"" I simply can't get myself to say yes.Let me try to explain my reasoning:The game has an interesting artstyle and some elements of norse-mythology, and works with a mixture of oregan-trail style  traveling(where you make decisions along the way) and turn based combat on a grid.So far so good, a solid concept.My problems with the game:None of the characters, were all that memorable to me, they all felt kind of bland and those that I rememberd were rather annoying(mostly the humans, the Varl, a race of horned giants, were mostly bland warriors).The oregan-trail elements of the game actually felt kind of fun to me, but I found the combat to be so utterly dull and repetetative... You fight a bunch of really tough(tough in the sense of, they are able to take a ton of damage, not that they are difficult to beat) enemys that repeat over and over again, with little variety. Maybe there will be more interesting enemys later, but that still doesn't change my second problem with the game:The characters don't all that many abilitys, in fact, they have one per character and their base attacks. And Most of the time you just move a character, hit a thing and thats it, as long as you don't let your groupsize shrink to much during the out-of-combat-events and just gather all your characters in one place, you should be able to defeat most encounters with ease.Most of the time the combat just felt like it was getting in the way of the storyprogression though...So yeah, since I am someone who rather likes really complex turn based combat, I sadly can't recommend this game."
76561198000523282,Recommended,237990,14667538,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LIVMODER,"The sun is gone and people believe the gods are dead, basically Sweden simulator 2014.10 frozen wastelands out of 10."
,Recommended,237990,30767034,Posted: 26 March,all,R3ignmaker,Sometimes you just have to do things to get worthless internet points. In this case it's write a review. What a time to be alive. Good game though 8/10 would do again
76561197999209563,Recommended,237990,9609520,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,With_Teeth26,"The Banner Saga really impressed me for the majority of its duration. Great artwork, an interesting world inspired by Norse mythology, a interesting but sad story full of interesting characters and unique, enjoyable combat. I began to genuinely care about many of the characters, they are well written and some have distinctive personalities. You will often have to make walking-dead style decisions where you must weigh risk versus supplies, morale and your available fighting force. Later in the game some of the choices you must make are quite difficult and make the story feel like your own.The combat is turn-based, with you moving your selected squad members about using different abilities to damage enemy armor and health, which also serves as strength. Weakening armor allows you to do more damage to strength, while damaging their health/strength reduces the impact of enemy attacks. I found the combat difficulty to be well balanced if not a little bit easy for most of the game, I only failed a battle once but often I was down to my last guy when I won.Sadly things fall apart a bit near the end of the game. The story becomes a bit contrived with the introduction of a certain character, and the final battle is problematic. You are forced to use a specific character in this battle despite making a big choice regarding this character right near the end that in my mind should have left her out of the battle. I had not leveled this character up at all, she was weak and unhelpful in combat and this made the final encounter near impossible for me on the normal difficulty level.Apart from the last hour or so of this ten-hour game, I really enjoyed the Banner Saga and would put it on part with The Walking Dead in terms of story, characters and meaningful choices that have surprising results. one caveat is that there is no voice acting for most of the dialogue, so if you dislike reading you might not enjoy this game as much. I personally would take no voice acting over bad voice acting, but for some this might be a deal breaker."
,Recommended,237990,33588687,Posted: 16 July,all,Thorfinn Attano,"**No-Spoilers**Because video games is the modern way of telling stories. A MUST BUY.I've been a fan of Bioware for a couple of months now, and knowing that the developers that made this game was former employees of that company, I had a high expectation on this game. And fortunately, this game met my expectation or maybe even surprass it. If you're an avid fan of Tactical-Role Playing Games with a mix of an epic story about vikings, honor and tragedy then this game is for you.Story:What I loved most about this game is the fact that the player's choices throughout the playthrough affects the story A LOT! Characters may live or die, may hate you or love you, and leave or stay depending on the choices that you will make. Each character has their own personality, emotions and thoughts that interacts with the player's hero. Every chapter of this game is amazingly written.Combat System:The combat mechanics of the game is very challenging that will cause the player to think carefully  of every command that he will make. The combat system can be compared with the board game ""chess"". Each piece or character may move in a grid board in accordance with their move allotment. The attack power and hp of each character depends on their strength attribute. Characters have the willpower attribute that serve as a gauge that will let them use special attacks or move a little more than they normally can or attack the enemies with additional damage. Overall, the combat is enjoyable combined with a rush of terror because of the possibility of your characters dying.9/10. Looking forward in playing the Trilogy."
76561198008405446,Recommended,237990,16697933,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Armoured Centurion,"The pros to The banner saga- it has an intense turn based combat system similar to that of XCOM's, with a wide variety of characters to use while in combat, each with their own unique abilities.- the environments are beautiful, and while there are no free roaming elements it still has a tonne of dialogue and in depth story to go through- you can play as multiple characters who all have different perspectives, positions and roles to play in the world- the story is split up into sections, one time you will be travelling with your caravan, the next you will be making life choices, going into combat or continueing the story with lots of dialogueThe cons- if you don't like a story that involves reading with little to no voice acting, this is not for you- if you don't like slow paced strategy combat similar to XCOM, this is not for you- There could be some more customisation options for the characters clothing and weapon designs but it doesn't matter as muchOverall, this is an excellent turn based RPG with an intense combat system, a new indepth story with a lot of meaningful decision making and a lot of lore and dialogue behind it - 10/10"
76561198038932088,Recommended,237990,33702403,Posted: 21 July,all,🍤Saxxermanz🍤,"To make note, I obtained the banner saga for 5 dollars, and because of this I felt as if my expirence of the game was so postive, I donated about 75 dollars to the Banner Saga 3 develupment.The banner saga is a realistic fantasy game set in the a Nordic world, and if based on the setting alone, there is enough lore and fun charcters get you invovled is making the world real. And the game even has the foresight to start you off as playing as the Varl, a species of giants who populate the world. By starting off as them, you can connect to them more and won't feel alienated by a differing species.The game play itself is based around a tile system, similar to Xcom. Where as the system is easy to learn, it is hard to master. Different characters which may have seen weaker in comparsion to others, may turn to some of the best once you have learned more of the game.Overall, I have very few conplaints of the game. One of which being the reused models, which isn't that bad expect for the War Hawks characters, which to be seemed to be all the same model. But even that is a small complaint, the game itself is a great opening, and the second one pushes the game to the stars. 9.5/10, only becuase the second game shows how much potential these games have."
76561197980019537,Recommended,237990,13057484,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Jaaj,"Story driven, turn-based strategy game with a beautiful art style and suprisingly deep combat system.  The story is incredibly harsh and unrelenting with each choice you make having its concequences.  The music and sound of the game really compliment the fights and create a strong atmosphere throughout."
76561198017065468,Recommended,237990,9040844,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jorrrrrn,"I doubt I can say anything that hasn't already been said in other highly-rated reviews...... But I WILL add that $5 for the soundtrack is more than worth it. Now that I have this stirring Viking music on my iPod, in real life I am 80% stronger and 30% more accurate with a battleaxe, and also immune to the effects of cold weather."
,Recommended,237990,8721095,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Trakko,"I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time, banner saga offers a great singleplayer experience in a fantasy world on par with the elder scrolls and maybe even LOTR. The characters are each crafted as individuals with their own personalities and engaging backstories. The world itself has been crafted from the ground up with each river, road, forest and village having its own backstory as to why and what it is. I find the Banner Saga to be a refreshing game in the ever flowing torrent of♥♥♥♥♥♥releases we see in this day and age. 10/10 Would bang."
,Recommended,237990,30207423,Posted: 26 February,all,N~,"People saying this game is too slow or boring are truly doing this game an injustice. The visuals and soundtrack are stunning on their own, and to be honest make this game worth it's retail price. On top of that, there is an amazing story that lies behind some choices that actually matter (unlike a lot of games with 'choice'; *cough cough* Mass Effect *cough cough*), and a battle system that is very robust and unique.I recommend this game to anyone with an attention span larger than 3 seconds and is willing to put thought into choices and combat, and enjoys an immersive norse experience.I do not recommend this game to people who need instant gratification every second of gameplay."
76561198123060005,Recommended,237990,9022549,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,jezzie_leona,"I absolutely love this game! Awesome for beginners but still exciting for experienced RPGers. I like exploring all the different dialogue options and getting the various outcomes for characters, events, and battles. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys strategy or RPGs."
76561198050019251,Not Recommended,237990,25612574,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,markk,"Gorgeous, interesting game with poor combat design highlighted by a flawed final boss fight.Pros:Beautiful game - Art design, music, and style are all incredibleImmersive and unique storyCons:Poor combat - teams alternate turns regardless of how many combatants there are. The result is that a small crew of powerful characters is far stronger than a  full complement of soldiers. This flaw culminated in a final boss that was far more frustrating than challenging, to a degree that sucked most of the joy out of a game that is otherwise very impressive.I would highly recommend changing the difficulty to easy before the final boss fight. Although it flips the fight from exceptionally frustrating and difficult to laughably easy, you will enjoy the end of the story much more if you skip the pain."
,Not Recommended,237990,8833980,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MAZ,"After having completed this game I am changing my review. This game does have some of the best music I have ever heard in a game and also some extremely beautiful artwork. Some of the story parts offer a very engaging expereince however, this game is padded out with filler and is incomplete. the combat is dull and actually requires little to no strategy. the story ""ending"" happens after the death of a character that has a very convoluted backstory. the many names thrown at you are also very confusing to keep track of. I have no idea what happens to everyone else still iving in the end including the massive serpent creature....which seems to only have been relevent to end a battle sequence. your decicions have actually very little effect on anything and it is quite obvious that on several decisions the outcome would have been the same regardless of your choice. The ending sequence in particular was ridiculous by forcing you to include Allete a weak underleveled, useless, character that, thanks to the poor story telling, I couldn't care less about. This game is ovepriced and very unsatisfying in the end. unless you have actually beaten it; dont fool yourself. this game leaves much to be desired. Maybe if more than a handful of people worked on it or they had another few years and double the money things would be different but this games ambition is too great for its own good. there are so many pointless features like the map for example and I'm completely disenchated by this game now. I would definitely think twice before buying any product from this company again. They owe every person who purchased it the rest of their unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,237990,30662544,Posted: 21 March,all,Really Humble Guy,"Let me say the art and general atmosphere of the game is inspired. That being said, mechanics-wise, this game is frustrating. I was really looking for a new-style Final Fantasy Tactics or Orge Battle game, so take that as you will. The choices you make seem to be arbitrarily punished and affect your team permanently. It doesn't feel like a trade-off of strategies, but rather like a guessing game. Given that this isn't a rogue-like, the lack of control this imparts makes that playing the game discouraging. What's the point of restarting? I personally don't like feeling like I lost my way through a game, even if I win in the end, especially if there isn't a way I feel I could have improved.But this is exactly the way I felt playing The Banner Saga so I can't really recommend the game."
76561198025058125,Not Recommended,237990,12821720,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,mshelley,"Nice visuals, music, and story (bad script, though). Decent combat mechanics but very limited customizability. The major problem with The Banner Saga is that the bulk of the game is just a Viking themed Oregon Trail where ""decisions"" that you have to make have random unpredictable outcomes (including killing off major party members). This is very frustrating. The game also gives the illusion of an open world with a huge map, but you have almost no choice where to go. Would not recommend to anyone unless it was on sale."
,Recommended,237990,9606854,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,NEU-NEU,"Another great indie game i highly recommend. If you're familiar with tactical RPGs like Heroes of Might & Magic, chances are you will enjoy this one. The gameplay is mainly about turn-based battles on a chess board wich a various sets of character to put into. But the game also relies a lot on choices you make during your journey. And boy, what a joyrney if i might add!... The visuals are just stunning. Your caravan travels accross long panoramical landscapes of snowy hills and frozen forests. It sets the tone for the story brillantly told through a lot of dialogs and interactions between characters. The musics are great, often featuring folkloric chants that makes it even more imersive to this nordic fantastic tale.The battles are challenging then easier once you learn to use the right tactics. Their outcomes will depend of the characters you choose. And your caravan's success will depend of how you manage it, of how you deal with your companions and with everyday stituations.If this game is a ""saga"" then i can't wait for the other episodes!"
76561198062943349,Recommended,237990,26285021,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,quintinr,This game is amazing. Turn based strategy game wrapped up in a beuatiful story and gorgeous art style. The combat can go over your head a bit with its depth but you get the feel of it after a while. You can blast through this game in one - rather long - sitting but it is quality that you get your monies worth for.
76561198119118131,Recommended,237990,23086032,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dnt3Z,"Not even sure what to say. This game is something differnt for me. So breaking my review into small Q/A:Is gameplay (battles) good ? Not really.Is storyline good? Average.How about the lore? Not enough.Does player choices matters? Absolutelly.Are consequences predictable? Not always.Personally I picked it up with 70 or 80 % discount, and played 11 hours. Dont regret time/money spend, but wont bother to replay for achievments or different endings (choices?). Keep in mind that story is not complete, a lot of question probably answered in sequel ( I havent played it, waiting for good discount).So if you want to lead people forward (right or left) and make choices with unknown outcomes pick this game."
,Recommended,237990,13426351,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Rareu,"I'm no good at writing reviews, but I can put down a few reasons as to why I thought the game was spectacular and deserves a sequel.1 - Excellent and unique art!2 - A progressing story with tons of potential!3 - A complex and yet satisfying combat system!4 - Morals and Ethics, and the consequences of your decisions.5 - Character development.6 - And not to mention an awesome soundtrack!All in all though, the game was a bit shorter than I expected, but each moment ingame I thought was well used. If they come out with A Banner Saga 2 I wonder how well they will treat your files history with the events of the new game(like how bioware games are affected by previous decisions)."
,Recommended,237990,22479304,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,panao_pil,"That game is a GEM! The story is thriling...RPG , lots of choices to be made, decisions of life or death.Turn Based combat system with two actions (1) Move and (2) Attack/Special Ability there is willpower which can help you move further or attack harder..or to use the special ability.There will be managment of supllies and of your people morale... and at last managment of great battles.The real worth of story is that at the end you feel real close to your main characters.... and the impact of your decisions is even greater..."
,Recommended,237990,11516019,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,be water my friend,Perfection in a game. Oregon trail meets Final Fantasy Tactics meets Game of Thrones. Beautifully hand-crafted art and gripping writing draws the player into the world. Can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,237990,11250534,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ranchocarne,"Hard, engrossing, looks great, fine script and characters. Watching my tiny caravan across 2D landscapes was sometimes beautifully melancholic. Mild interface problems (or maybe it was just me, kept clicking in wrong places during battle and hero managing, sometimes with disastrous result), but no big deal in an otherwise awesome strategy game."
76561198086763805,Recommended,237990,12403696,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rahvin87,"What an amazing game.The script writing is brilliant.  They have created beleivable characters with distinguishable personalities that you actually care about.  The music is perfect for this game and helps build towards the overall atmosphere.  The one thing you can actually see before buying the game is the graphical style so make your own opinion on that bought i thought it is very original.The gameplay mechanics is split into several main bits.  1) the battles; 2) the travel sections between towns and 3) dialogue.1) the battle system is based on a chessboard style grid (areas are more streamlined compared with battlescenes in FF Tactics or vandal hearts).  In each battle you control up to 6 characters each eith their own strength, defence, willpower, shield break and strain stats as well as a unique speical abilility.  I won't go into the mechanics in detail  (as there are plenty of videos on this) but I will say that it is cleverly designed system which encourages tactical and strategic thinking; this is evidenced through certain battles which are seemingly impossible to win but when reattempted with a different strategy become a doddle.  Characters generate renown through battle and can be promoted for improved stats.2) the travel sections  between towns require a small amount of resource management as you need food and supplies to keep your caravan of followers alive.  Whilst on the road you will be faced with events and decisions to make.  The results of your decisions will have real consequences ranging from the loss/gain in supplies or morale to the death of main character.3) throughout the game there is a lot of dialogue.  I thought I class this as a separate gamplay mechanic in itself as it is a big part of the scene setting.  The diaglogue is genuinely interesting which makes it readable (I tend to skip of text in games these days but this wasn't a problem).The only downside is that the ending felt abrupt and I felt there was more to the story which went unexplained.  Sequel maybe?  I hope so..."
,Recommended,237990,8793256,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,HaZe,"Great game.  The artwork is terrific and the music is beautiful.  Fun story, but nothing that I find too engaging.  Tons of reading,  just FYI for those of you who may not like that.  Still, a worthy game for anyone who likes these types of strategy games."
76561198040650831,Recommended,237990,8734158,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,moosedeutsch,Absolutly amazing. Its is gruling and can be frustratingly difficult at times but thats what makes it what it is. I would recomend it to anybody who thinks the idea of Fire Emblem/XCOM mixed with Oregon Trail sounds good.
,Recommended,237990,24117652,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gangis Humplstien,"This game is amazing. For many months I had seen this on Steam and thought ""It can't be that good, not worth my money"" but my god how wrong was I. This game is filled with beautiful animations for combat, thrilling and amazingly written story and realistic characters.The game has very rich lore that unfolds without you needing to collect secrets or some kind of optional trophy. The Banner Saga combines turn-based strategy with decision making, party management and army management, where you lead a warband in a struggle to find food and combat with the threat of bandits, weather and shadey characters along the way in a truely epic journey.The story itself throws you straight into the sad world of The Banner Saga and only builds up to a more sad and intense tale.The art style is unique and creates a world that really comes to life.In this review I feel I still didn't give it enough justice, just please buy this game because I feel everyone needs to experience their own story in the game, something that Telltale didn't manage to capture."
76561197976239816,Not Recommended,237990,13001708,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,The Roxor,"If you had asked me 5 hours into this game if I enjoyed it, I would have said yes.   The art is beautiful, the combat is interesting when you first play with it, and the story feels epic.  But about 10 hours in (at the end of the game) there are so many flaws you had to endure that you will be yelling at the computer.  You are given really sparadoic choices in an Oregon trail like traveling sequence,  which can kill off main characters that you love. So you try to reload realizing that the game only saves at the beginning of major battles. Meaning if you ever want to redo a choice, you just wasted 30 minutes because you have to do it all over again.  It made me so jaded that I just moved through the game without caring what happened.  (I got the achievement for forced march without even trying.)  The story is very vague and frustrating.  No one knows what's happening, that is what you will hear for 90% of the game.  No battles are a challenge, except the final boss battle, which because manipulating turn order is such a slog, is ridiculously frustrating. Not difficult, just frustrating as you try to kill a boss that keeps regenerating it's life while killing your men.If you still want to buy this game even though the gameplay is so weak: Here's a spoiler free tip for combat: don't kill anyone.  Just weaken them to 1 str and then kill them all. You're welcome."
76561198032455753,Recommended,237990,10101484,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Safaricompanion,Lovely story and greath music. Unfortunately it ends without any closure.
,Recommended,237990,10202959,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Larwick,"Freaking beautiful game. The story and world is very captivating, the writing is excellent. The game mechanics are simple but well defined with unique and interesting aspects. It blends a perfect mix of relaxing and tense moments. Well worth checking out."
76561198048273422,Recommended,237990,10139045,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Wrable,"Beautiful look and sound in this game, challenging but rewarding to play and a strong narrative with excellent characters. Easy to lose yourself in it for a few hours."
,Recommended,237990,8781762,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Disco,"Loved everything about this game. While some may complain about the combat, I found it tactical and rewarding. It also helps if you've played the free multiplayer version, The Banner Saga: Factions. More voice acting and animations would have helped, but it was a kickstarter game, so apparently they were short on money. I only wish it were a bit longer, and am really looking forward to and hoping for the next chapter to come out in the future."
,Recommended,237990,12513058,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,mattesnider,"I really like the concept of this game. Banner saga introduces several new genre elements:1) Your damage output depends on how much health you have2) Decisions you make between battles can be life and death for your characters3) Turn order changes based on the number of remaining characters on each sideI think 1 & 2 are really awesome, but 3 detracts from the experience for me. Instead of trying to kill your opponents, each battle is a struggle to keep as many enemies alive as possible, but with only 1 - 2 life remaining, so they can't do any damage. If you kill an opponent, then the remaining enemies move up in order (essentially getting more turns), which means if there is a powerful enemy in a battle, then by the end, they go every other turn. Enemies like Bellower that heal on their turn make this mechanic even more ridiculous.If they make a banner saga 2 or come out with additional content, I hope they consider using a standard turn mechanic, where killing an enemy is actually favorable. Also, the map gives the illusion that the game is an open world with lots of travel options, but you are given very few opportunities to make travel choices; I'd like to see more variety in travel."
,Recommended,237990,26239421,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Meeehai,"The tactical, grid-based combat mechanic is done well. You have to take the time to think through your moves and watch the opponent's turns closely if you want to complete the game on a harder difficulty, but defeating the enemies without losing any of your characters is rewarding enough to do that. I, however, was personally looking for a more chill experience, so I played the game on easy and massively enjoyed it that way.The story was surprisingly deep and immersive, and I found myself really mulling over every decision the characters face. Also, the artwork in this game is beautiful. Overall, I enjoyed it a lot, but I don't have a strong urge to go back and play it again on a harder difficulty."
,Recommended,237990,17241737,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,(PoA) ¿Señor Santiágo?!,"A bleak, beautiful & relentless indie with plenty going for it in the turn-based tactics department.The small developerStoichas pleasantly surprised with how well things go together in their game,The Banner Saga.  Art, music & story combine to provide a haunting world that drew me in.  The combat mechanics are a genuinely fresh twist on turn-based tactics for me too.My expectations were entirely met given the information provided on the Steam store page.  What I enjoyed most:Lore and setting inspired by Viking mythology.A soundtrack I immediately wanted on my playlist.A great art style with plenty of 2.5D hand drawn stuff (apparently inspired by Eyvind Earle, an artist I was previously unfamiliar with).Story & characters that moved me in spite of how brief the game actually is.A unique combat mechanic that provided solid fun & challenge.The story successfully creates a serious feeling of relentlessness, thanks to the Dredge presence & the caravan mode.  The lore mostly is on the surface with no opportunity to delve deeper into any history or such, but what's there is fun.  Character interaction is engaging through the entire game.  One thing that I find very odd is that the writing & dialogue reads like a bad translation into English.  I can't see any reason why that should be the case.I like the combat a lot.  Two of the primary stats are Armor & Strength.  Strength doubles as both Hit Points & damage dealt with normal attacks.  Armor mitigates Strength damage, but can in turn be reduced by armor-break attacks.  This puts a nice spin on the conventional experience.  There are light RPG elements as well.  Kills grant ""Renown,"" a currency used either to level up heroes (boosting their special abilities along with one or two stats) or to purchase Supplies and/or items at markets.  You'll need Supplies to keep your caravan alive & fed as they journey across a land dotted with cities, ruins, forests & a lot of dangerous encounters.Player choice is encouraged inThe Banner Saga& results in a variety of good or bad outcomes for your combat encounters, caravan or individual heroes.  Yes, a game in which story decisions actually can make things easier or harder!  Most of these choices seem straightforward, although one or two felt arbitrary to me, as if any choice would end up hurting somehow.  These tough moments are just part of the game & in my opinion amplify the tension, desperation & relentlessness that characterize the plot.Of three difficulties (Easy, Medium, Hard) I did a playthrough on Medium & managed to nab more than half of the achievements.  It's hard to keep your caravan's morale from dipping too low!  I gave up on Hard difficulty.  Medium provided significant challenge.  I certainly had moments of frustration retrying fights after defeat, but each time changing my tactics worked out fine.This is the first of a planned series and I eagerly await the next installment which will supposedly be available in 2015.  If you're a player like me who appreciates artsy indie games, I'd recommend this highly.  Also recommended for any player who enjoys turn-based strategy & RPGs."
76561197965046644,Recommended,237990,30384628,Posted: 7 March,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"I marched for days trying to reach my final quest however my journey was rather difficult as I had to decide the fate of my journey. I either starved my men to save a few people, or have them kill each other as I look the other way, or maybe we get destroyed as the enemy surround us...why did I volunteer to lead.The banner Saga is a interesting game to say the least. I found the story interesting and the combat rather enjoyable and fits the overall game. The story has you dealing with a rather difficult situation and to reach the end of your story you will have to make some hard choices some in which will effect your army either making your group weaker or even have different party members because of choices you make.========The Good========1. Story - I enjoyed the story and found it interesting. I was always wanting to continue my journey to find out what happens.2. Looks - The overall looks of the game seems perfect for it's story and gameplay. The art work and back drops have move the story along nicely.3. Gameplay - The gameplay may seem simple but at the same time it has you thinking about positions and the right units to counter the enemy units. Just remember one bad move could end up costing you...a lot.======The 50/50======1. Difficulty - I found the difficulty would spike randomly making some battles rather difficult or catching you extremely off guard. However with trial and error you will get through these situations and continue to progress through the story.=======Overall=======I found the game again, enjoyable and fun to experience. I recommend this game for both the story and overall stlye of the game. Just remember it can get tough and you will be faced with a lot of choices which the game pushes you to learn from these mistakes and adapt which is always great to have."
,Recommended,237990,9786924,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Dr. Pyser,"An interesting game with an amazing soundtrack and art design team. Perhaps one of the freshest games to appear on the PC scene in the early 2010's, albeit carrying with it a cumbersome battle system that makes even the SNES die-hards who sat through Ogre Battle laugh at it.No one can deny the beauty of this game's art direction paid in homage to the late and great Eyvind Earle of Sleeping Beauty fame, but its the brass trumpets and wood flutes that echo through the ice fields of Austin Wintory's soundtrack that truly triumph. Yet there is always a niggling feeling whenever I am thrust in to a battle. When it comes to crafting strategy RPGs the greatest game of all to take inspiration from is chess. I adore chess, but chess doesn't make me grind my teeth. I'm hoping that the team go back and refine the battle system a little more for the later games. Tweak it here, twink it there, and the final result should end up palatable.Another sticking point is the overall story. It tries to achieve the same grand scale that its visual and aural brothers easily scale, but we have all seen and read tales that depict an immense calamity that greatly determines the fates and destiny of the powerful few. Granted The Banner Saga contains stories that may seem slightly original, and the plot twists (alongside brutal character choices) make up for it, but I would have loved a Norse-inspired saga with more races or cultures or whatever. Instead it's mostly a landlocked ice nation that revolves around one shamanistic religion. Those who demand cake will never always be served cake so my antagonist attitude toward this game, especially in the light of this game riding off Kickstarter with a very small crew, shall remain nothing more than personal wishes.I will however raise my hat to those in the lore department. You made the map experience absolutely delightful and original. Thank you.If anything - play The Banner Saga for the truly epic scope crafted within the art field. It is a beautiful game with a strong heartbeat and many will not be disappointed. I look forward to the sequels within the trilogy."
76561198044202392,Not Recommended,237990,11321632,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Klown,"TL;DR at the bottom.When I had first heard about this game, I was super excited. Turn based combat with a beautiful art style and vikings? YES PLEASE. So I picked it up during the steam summer sale and I played it. I was promptly disappointed.As I said before, the game has a beautiful art style, and a pretty interesting story. You lead a caravan of people running away from an ""evil"" army. You have to manage supplies and make a wide range of decisions that result in multiple outcomes. An example: Refugees approach your caravan, what do you do? A) kill them B) Take them in C) Send them away. Take them in? They could take supplies and run or reveal a hidden cache of supplies to help you. Being able to spend the game making choices throughout the ""journey"" is what would have made the banner saga a fantastic game. It has some measure of replayability trying out different options/choices and as I said, the story is actually interesting and had me intrigued enough to not put the game down.So why don't I recommend this game?Well the crux of the game is the turn based combat. The combat is similar to a lot of other turn based games but it has been simplified. The combat gets really boring after a few battles. The battles never really vary, there all pretty much the same thing. No difference in environment, no real tactical decisions during combat. Its dry, repetitive combat. The units don't do anything to improve this.The units you get throughout the game have different abilities, which is cool, but they each only get one (ie a wide swing that hits 3 units, or a shield bash that knocks units back) dull ability. The units themselves can only level up to level 5. Which is a pretty low cap for leveling units. Leveling them does make them stronger, and make their respective abilities better but its almost a chore. I LOVE building strong characters, I spent many hours playing fire emblem, final fantasy tactics and other similar games building strong characters with interesting abilities. In this game the abilities are bland and leveling your characters isn't interesting or fun. Sure it's necessary for progression, but its a chore.So we have a low level cap, boring units, boring abilities and boring combat. What else? The LENGTH of this game is INCREDIBLY short. I have 7 hours played, and I've beaten the game. From what I understand, this game is a part of a trilogy, and the second part will be released after a short break from the development team. So that begs the question, why is this game 24.99 for a few meagre hours of gameplay. Its entirely possible the second saga of this trilogy will take your characters from before, raise their caps and continue with the admittedly interesting story, but that doesn't change the fact that the first game in the series is dull and it relies on a second game to make itself worth anything.TL;DR:Despite the cool choice system, the art style, and the story, the game falls flat. The core aspects of the game such as the combat and character leveling/abilities are bland, and the length is appallingly short. The game does have replayability, as you can pick different choices every playthrough, but personally, the incentive of a different outcome is not worth playing anymore of the combat. This game simply isn't worth it. Maybe in a few years when its dirt cheap or comes with the supposed other 2 games in this trilogy. As a standalone game, 24.99 isn't worth a decent story and some pretty pictures. Especially since the combat feels like a chore, especially after you've seen how the short story ends."
,Recommended,237990,12132571,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,that one dude,"Wow, what a gem!The art and soundtrack is fantastic. The story will draw you in. The characters and their dialogue are entertaining. The tactical turn-based combat is challenging and therefore rewarding. Choices you're faced with can severely alter your line-up, for better or worse and it's generally not apparent which decision will make it go either way.My only gripe, I would like to have experienced the great voice acting that the narrator would drop once a chapter or so, since a good portion of the game is reading dialogue. But, for the price the lack of heavy, well-done voice acting is acceptable. In fact, I would prefer no voice acting if it meant avoiding sub-par cheesy voice acting due to budget constraints. I would love to a see a slightly more expensive sequel with a longer campaign and full voice acting.Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by this game. It's also the first game in a long time to make me want to play through again to try the other avenues of options."
76561198006409221,Recommended,237990,8773951,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Krieg The Psycho,"A good game but not for everyone especially twitchy youngsters. It have some downsides like a bit to linear and that a lot of the chooses that you make have bad results or really bad ones. May just be me choosing badly of course, second playthrough should shine some light on that.The story is excellent such good writing and really capture the feel of dread and fleeing for your life chased by an overwhelming enemy. There is some light points and some humour in there as well to balance that out. The artstyle is so beautiful and every frame is so well crafted. Combat is fun and interesting even if it took me some time to get used to it and understand it completely and all hail turnbased combat I missed you so.If I should bring something up that is kind of bad and that frustrated me a bit it's the resource part of the game and the severely limited quantity of it. Sure one could say it portrays the flight and scarcity of supplies for refugees in war time. But when you use the same resources to buy food and equipment as you use for levelling your fighters it get's a bit to much. If I had my way the levelling system should be separated with it's own points from the whole food and equipment currency. I had several fighters that could level up ones or twice even but no possibility to because I needed to buy food for my caravan. Could not buy items for them and even if I could they would have been to low level to use them.Over all though it is a good game and for me worth the money and I do hope to see more as it's set up for a sequel or another chapter or two. Well done, well done."
,Recommended,237990,8713370,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,HappyRaccoon,"Many people on forums have made mention that the game has a sub par combat system. I personally enjoy this style of combat system very much. The world building, aesthetics and story in this game are all sometihng to be applauded. I can't wait for the next few chapters of Banner Saga!"
,Recommended,237990,8713545,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ideal Insomnia,"An exciting game. Very enjoyable, given that you know what to expect.Gameplay: First thing to note - this isn't a traditional CRPG at all. No open world, no exploring, no looting random enemies etc. etc. Basically, the game consists of story given in textual form plus tactical battles. Surprisingly enough, this game is actually very much like a Japanese visual novel: making choices in dialogues with some fighting in between. Nothing wrong with that, but I guess there are people who dislike that kind of stuff.Combat system: The game has an original turn-based combat system which can be a bit confusing in the beginning, but is, in fact, very consistent and coherent. Fights are interesting and challenging - this game isn't easy at all at Normal difficulty (though it isn't exactly hard, the balance is just right). So that part of the game is very well-executed.Graphics: The artwork in the game is to die for! For me at least it was love at first sight. I actually find it quite difficult to stop pressing F12 all the time. Every single screenshot is a piece of art!Music: Good, adequate, though I'm not exactly willing to listen to that soundtrack when not in game. Which isn't a bad thing, there aren't that many game soundtracks that can stand on their own.Story: I'm not quite finished with it so it's a bit early to say, but so far - not bad at all. And I would definitely play again to see what different choices can lead to. All is well here. If it wasn't for one thing... which is in fact the only thing I didn't exactly like about the game ->Writing: This is the only thing I find somehow... lacking. Don't get me wrong, I like the plot, I like the characters. I don't like writing itself, because it lacks style, it lacks flavor. It wouldn't be such a big deal if this game wasn't at least 50% textual. I'm not saying that all the characters have to speak like they are in the poetic Edda, but all those ""ok"", ""crap"", ""yeah"" and ""everything was a mess""-sort of descriptions are not to my liking. And there are typos too. As a part of the game, it's not crucial, because there's also artwork and music and other things. But had this been a book... I'd probably deem it a poorly-written one."
,Recommended,237990,8972553,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Vexing Vision,"The art-style of the Banner Saga is absolutely amazing. The gameplay, unfortunately, is less so.For anyone looking for a deep story-based Choose Your Own Adventure, I would strongly recommend King Of Dragonpass instead. At least the first installment of the Banner Saga falls desperately short of this. There are some decisions to make, but they only have an impact on a few scenes wide and far between. Occassionally the loss or gain of a character indicates interesting opportunities, but these are sparse.I had a lot of fun playing the Banner Saga, even though the obvious lack of consequences to whatever I did along the road was highly disappointing in the end.Maybe - and I really hope so - there will be real story-changing consequences to my actions in the later parts of the Banner Saga.I recommend getting the game, but only if you've already done playing King of Dragonpass and itch for something similar if less sophisticated. The art-style and music make for a wonderful journey, though one that leaves a slightly bitter aftertaste."
76561197970634020,Recommended,237990,8932701,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mork d'Ork,"There is some really clear and thorough care that went into this game.  I thought it would be worth it... and yes, it is.  But I really had no idea how good it would be.   I encourage anyone reading this review to take the time to play and enjoy this game...  so so so good.It may not be worth $25 dollars.  I mean... as a one shot it isn't, but the people who made this are getting my money happily because my hope is that they will make more games with this much gravitas.  For $25 I would expect a longer game.  May be wait for it to go on sale?  At any rate it easilyl worth $10 or $15."
,Not Recommended,237990,33066326,Posted: 30 June,all,Merdok,"Banner saga just wasn't for me.I didn't really care for the way the battles are tuned, yes the tactics are bit unique but by the 4th or 5th battle they got a little stale.  The glory system isn't for me, and the fights sometimes feel bad.  Many of the choices you make on the adventure feel important, until you realize they really don't have a major impact (at least my choices didn't, maybe I just got lucky).The art is amazing, but I just didn't enjoy the battles enough to say this game is worth it and the story isn't complete in this game...I have no desire to play additional games and I""m left with cliff hangers..."
,Recommended,237990,12988189,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Gork (or Mork),"I only know of a few games and movies that are able to touch me in a way that The Banner Saga does. It does not offer many hours of content. It does not have any considerable replay value. It isn't even diverse in its gameplay. And yet it is a masterpiece. Embark on a journey through a Nordic themed world completely different from the clichés that the entertainment industry has thrown at us so far. Brought to life by one of the best storylines I have ever seen, every character you meet on the road matters. Decisions matter and have a profound influence on various outcomes. The narration is delivered with a voice and emotion perfectly fitting the setting, just like the music. I know it will be like one of my favourite books or the cutscenes from Myth: The Fallen Lords; I will come back every year, going through the story again, reveling in their splendour and how it manages to stir something within me. Complete immersion. I for one cannot wait for the next chapters in the saga.You will not regret buying this game. 10/10."
,Recommended,237990,8727015,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,☾Ｐrune 💪,"I like the ART design of this game it is very delicious.Though I play on medium settings everyone keeps dying, it is very hard game since enemies are too stronk like bull.It is permadeath too for some characters, I fear if my party die i will be next please send help"
,Recommended,237990,8947891,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Tomato,"Absolutely amazing epic experience of a story, full of solid characters, believable human emotions and utter hopelessness of a dying world. Stoic made a masterpiece of beautiful art, immersive music, great story and really tactically rich yet simple combat system. Can't wait for the sequel.Worth every penny of its price."
,Recommended,237990,8735385,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Young Larry Bird,"The Gods are Dead.The lands of The Banner Saga are desolate and barren, the sun hang motionless in the sky, men speak of the end of days as death marches from the north. Stoic has made a game that is just like the land it is based in, stark, cold and beautiful.That beauty is the very first thing you will see when you begin your march in the banner saga. Half the time I was playing The Banner Saga I could not believe what I was looking at, the hand drawn feel and look of classic Disney or the better bits of ‘80s animation.  The aesthetic plays into gameplay as well, with the banner over your party getting bigger as your caravan gets bigger and as you accomplish what you can along your very hard journey. Characters and character classes have distinct looks which helps keep the many characters straight and to pick out what type of enemy you were fighting.The only place that the art slightly falls down is in the arenas that you spend a good chunk of your time in over the course of the game. They are simple grids, sometimes in interesting locations, other times in just fields of snow. There is no topography to the maps, which is good for keeping battles from getting too complex, but doesn’t help with battle variety.Tactical RPG battles are only part of the experience, but are quite important to the experience as a whole. The system brings some interesting mechanics to the tRPG genre while dropping some others. The central mechanic is built around managing two stats on both friends and foe over the course of a battle, Armor and Strength. Strength is interesting in that, it is both your health and how hard a character can hit. The more damage done to a character the less damage they can deal. That is where armor becomes important, blocking damage to strength and allowing characters to stay in battle. Being smart with how you balance your approach to the many fights that the game puts in your path will make impossible seeming battles, just barely winnable.Unit selection also plays a major role in The Banner Saga with not just character class mattering, but also character race. The game has two playable races, humans and Varl. Varl are half man half animal giants that take up four squares on the battle grid instead of one, they hit harder, but are far less mobile. Humans are smaller and can take less hits, but can pester enemies and make it possible to chase certain types of enemies down.Unlike some other games in the genre such as XCOM The Banner Saga does not feature permadeath in battles, but instead characters can be lost in a much more interesting way, your choices outside of battle.Story in The Banner Saga is second only to its art. The story is told from multiple perspectives, as characters deal with a world descending into chaos as an old enemy “the Dredge” a race of obsidian creatures invades from the north. The perspective shifts between an Varl Army and refugees fleeing from the dredge. I loved the contrast of the campaign trail  of the well stocked army of Varl Warriors as it marches home with the prince of man to solidify a long held treaty. You are never short on supplies or warriors and, while a few characters can die, you will mostly be losing faceless stats of Varl and human warriors.In contrast Rook the main character of the refugee campaign, and the main focus of the games story, has a much harder story, that is also full of much more interesting choices. Every choice you make is a pyrrhic victory, either making life harder for yourself or the caravan. On the run from “the dredge” you never feel like you have enough supplies to make it to the next town, which may not even be there anymore, or may be hostile to outsiders. Choices made early in the story, may crop up later as double crosses and or loss of supplies or even characters that you have invested a lot of time and resources on.Almost not choices that you have to make as Rook are easy, even small choices may have big consequences.  Even the meta game choices when you stop in town may effect the over all game for you, for example: the main resource in the game is renown, you gain renown from battle and certain actions outside of battle. Renown is treated as both a currency and experience for your party members, leaving you with the choice of feeding your caravan, so that you have enough men to make it to the next town, or leveling up your party so that you have a chance of surviving the next encounter.  And the game is ready to knock you down emotionally Game of Thrones style by having smaller seeming choices cost you a fully leveled character, just remember, be careful of who you trust.Overall The Banner Saga is a beautiful game that has a few issues in gameplay, but most of that is  settled out by having some the most accessible gameplay in the genre. Its story is dark, and leaves you with choices that are as interesting and difficult as choice made in any game before. I want the next chapter and I want it now after the dark and stark ending of the first chapter of this saga."
76561198091682568,Recommended,237990,21173397,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DetectiveLizard,"The Banner Saga is a tale of struggle and survival where the world is believed to be coming to an end after the gods have died and the sun has stopped. This game personally was a great game to end the year.So the Banner Saga is a turn based stratergy RPG with choose your own adventure choices. The combat is engaging as it is important to know when to strike an enemy's health or to break their armor. The characters you travel with are interesting with their own views of the situation for the most part. A couple of your members only show up once or twice and never appear again which is a bit of a shame. The lore in this game is actually quite cool to read which you can when you view the map.Nobody can talk about the Banner Saga without mentioning the artstyle. It's amazing and is truely wonderful to see though most of the cutscenes are just still images and that was a missed opportunity however the music is just as good and can really help immerse yourself in the game.The Banner Saga is a worthy game to play with good combat, great story and amazing art and music. It is a 9/10 and if you like the game the sequal is coming out sometime this year."
76561197972023927,Not Recommended,237990,8896426,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Electric Enzymes,"I bought this game under the premise that I was getting an in depth tactics based games were your decisions affected the story and the world around you, what I got instead was a lazily made snoozer of a game, where your decisions really have no affect on the game other than screwing you out of some supplies now and then, or killing off one of your characters.The game had some novel elements so I will list some pros and cons.PROS:Bold artworkDecent soundtrack (pretty good, nothing amazing though)Voice acting, what little there was, was pretty good.Pretty interesting storyI'm sure there were some other things about the game I enjoyed but I can't remember themCONS:Let me get this right, I can either buy items and supplies OR level up my characters?? I'm sorry but that's just stupid. In game they talk about goods costing MONEY not ""Renown"". This was a pointless trade off.Absolute minimal itemization. If you somehow manage to have enough renown to buy items (you won't) you can buy some items that have basically no affect on the game whatsoever, only they have level requirements and if you're spending renown on items you probably won't have any left over to level your guys. Yep, pretty stupid.The laziness in which the character portraits and animations are made. The art was interesting, but come on, one stance and animation for the entire game? Sometimes they try to make it look like everyone is standing around talking to eachother, but   it just doesn't work. If you didn't want to spend time making mulitple animations just don't do them at all. Instead you're left with some half finished piece of garbage. I remember arriving a town and meeting some Varl and thinking hmm, this guy looks familiar! Oh wait, that's because he was a complete clone of another character I had except he was wearing red instead of green. Same face, same weapon, same hair, same beard, same facial animations, literally the exact same character except his tunic was red instead of green. Shameful.The utter lack of abilities and customization. Each character has one ability and most of them are worthless. No skill trees, no talents. You get to put in stat points, but they have a cap and there really is no room for creativity.No topography on the battlefield. Every map was exactly the same, a large square with no obstacles or cover. They had some  interesting artwork, but it was all just the same square.Viking oregon trail. You just walk and walk and walk and walk and walk. Sometimes you get a choice! The choice usually screws you over or has no affect. Oh man I remember a game screen pops up and it talks about 'warfare mode' or something. I'm thinking, yeah, I have like 800 guys under my command right now, this will be one hell of a battle! Then a menu pops up and you're given a few choices with accompanying text (which is always the same, ALWAYS). It had potential and then just layed an egg. It was just the same ol battle again.The interface was terrible. Equipping items was weird. The promotion screen has no way to be closed and you have to exit the entire screen to get it to go away.IN SUMMARY:I bought this game for full price not knowing it was a kickstarter game. I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and thought it was a waste of money. Then I found out it was a kickstarter game and I thought ""Ah, I'll cut them some slack"" and then I got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I say that they raised around 700% more money than they asked for. So let me get this right, you rake in all this cash and then you fart out this half finished pile of rubbish with character clones,♥♥♥♥♥♥interface, 1 dimensional story and utter lack of depth and you charge $24.99??? AND, the game is ~8 hours long! 8 hours!Oh they're going to split it into a trilogy so they can charge you again and again for their half finished games! Brilliant. Raise a bunch of money on kickstarter, keep all of it for yourselves and then drill your customers. I love the preview videos, they show all these animation cutscenes which look awesome and then you buy the game and there's like maybe 2 or 3 of them.Seriously don't get tricked into buying this piece of garbage by all the fanboys. This game is miserable."
,Recommended,237990,12870804,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,.demon,"Just finished it. Has the best artwork, music, and one of the best stories of any game I have ever played. Everything you do is impactful and you really come to like/hate people and the situations you get into. I only got it cause it looked mildly interesting. I was unaware that it would affect me in such a way. It's in my top 5 games of all time now."
76561198001136868,Not Recommended,237990,8764452,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Wilfred Brimley DIKK,"This game takes about 15 hours to complete, i was dissapointed that its not a ""full"" game, meaning it doesn't conclude the story.  I would have waited until all parts came out if i knew this.Incredible art and music, kinda boring characters, never really cared what happened to anyone.combat is weird, difficult.  its a deep combat system and makes sense, i just never really enjoyed it or felt like it ""clicked"".  I would have liked to have tried more of the available characters in combat but renown is so scarce that i didn't have enough to level nearly enough of my people.  The caravan part was fun at first but ultimately doesn't really have any bearing on the outcome of things as i suspected-just felt random, every choice a gamble..  at certain times youre rewarded for being trusting and generous and then later you're punished for doing so.  perhaps this is supposed to be realstic, but it doesn't give you a way to get better at making these decisions, so i just ended up loading save games and trying the different options.Weird game, like the story, feel like it wouldve been a better movie than game.Its decent overall, nothing groundbreaking though.  The reason im not recommending it is because its the first episode of a larger story and doesn't deliver on much of the story.  the dredge are fascinating but you learn very little about them.  id wait till it is finished and then pick it up."
,Recommended,237990,8711087,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,MortalDanger,"Overall, the atmosphere, the setting, the story, the decisions, and becoming a leader of various groups at the beginning of a desperate, almost apocalyptic scenario makes this game very satisfying.  The music is fantastic, the relationships between the characters feel genuine and real, and while there isn't as much VA as expected, it works out for the best.  Granted, I haven't played that much but so far it's great.This was a drunken buy.  I was afraid I would regret it, but I don't.  It's very well done.  What I like about it is how the story progresses.  This is a survival story, the beginning of the apocalypse.  It's enjoyable because you become the leader of these various groups.  You can feel like you're really in charge of these lives through the dialogue.  The choices you make can really affect you.  ""Bah, I should have done that!"" ""Shew, I knew it was a good idea to send her there, that was a good decision!""  I made a decision to bring a boy into combat with us and he was awesome!  Really glad I did, but then a decision not ten minutes later took him from me.That's where the one-save is nice.  If I had another save slot, I would have reloaded.  Your decision are set and stone and that's satisfying in and of itself.The combat is simple but it works well.  I like it and I like leveling up and taking care of my heroes.  It's a good system.At first I didn't like how there were so little voice-overs in the dialogue, but frankly, it's better this way.  I can read it a lot faster than anyone can speak it.  So, really, I'm glad there's not that much VO.  People complain about it, but it's better.  Same for the cutscenes.  I'd rather have dialogue than cutscenes.  The VA that is there is great, especially the ones where you're approaching a village or something like that."
,Recommended,237990,11307569,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Borracho,Gorgeous. Enchanting. Amazing. Now.
,Recommended,237990,12872072,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ZeroService,Best 9 hours I have spent on a game in a very long time. The story is so engrossing you can't help but get caught up in the game feeling like you're a part of the story.
76561198039337672,Not Recommended,237990,30269590,Posted: 1 March,all,Charzin,"While I understand I'm going to be in the minority here, I found Banner Saga very frustrating to play through, and I essentially had to drag myself to the end of the game. There's a lot of cases of 'false choice' in which it seems like you're able to change the paths of the game but one choice just ends up losing you people or supplies. There are choices that you make and then will have negative consequences later (such as killing your fighters) and you don't have much of a way to envision what is coming along. It wasn't a matter of ""Oh I didn't treat my fighter properly so he left"", but ""This guy randomly killed my other fighters"". By the end of the game, any decision I had to make I was dreading because I knew that there was a right and a wrong way to proceed, and one would just end up with everything progressing that little bit worse.Overall, I simply didn't find the game that much fun. It was a study in dwindling resource management while trying to guess what decision the developers wanted you to take. After dragging myself to the conclusion of the story, I was left not feeling as though anything had properly wrapped up, but as though I had just seen some long-winded introduction to a 'great saga' that I have absolutely no interest in forcing on myself."
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,237990,13426919,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Warlord-616x,"game has a good base, and i generally enjoy the art, and how you command an army on the move where you manage food (altho ive never run out) and various acts you have to make decisions like a choose your own adventure book.The things that bother me to no end are that the enemy gets as many turns as you do until hes down to his last guy, so if you have a large party, then the same 2 guys get to attack over and over again and will generally target the same character while your trying to move your other characters into position.Ive watched 2 enemies hack through 5-6 of my toughest and full health/armor characters like butter and i have no ability to stop this.  The enemies also all have higher level abilities then you and can really surprise you when they do tons of damage from a guy you have reduced down to almost nothing when your people become completely worthless and have to run away.basically i just cant help but always feeling like the computer ai cheats and wont let you walk away without a black eye.  The starting grids are also painful and you generally have to setup in a very specific way that is more of a headache to figure out then it should be and restricts you from options you would normally persue.Also you generally have very little information to make descisions and either have to make it blind or look up solutions which kinds of spoils things.Overall i really wanted to like this game, but it bothers me greatly and i can only play it in short spurts.  If it goes on sale for $5 or less id pick it up, but no more."
76561198002408934,Recommended,237990,8707746,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,allenstergess,"Amazing game so far, the look the sounds the atmospher is gorgeouse! Cannot stop playing!"
76561198022926908,Not Recommended,237990,9339420,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Joe-Bob and Cletus,"While I do believe that developers were sincere in their attempt to create something new, i.e. a story-driven adventure with challenging tactical combat, I do have to say that at the end of the day this game is neither a good story, nor a good tb-rpg/tactical combat game. Moreover, YOU ARE NOT EVEN BEING SOLD ""THE WHOLE GAME""-THE END OF THIS GAME IS BARELY THE MIDDLE OF THE MAIN STORY. So, it's also a bunch of bad marketing thrown into the mix.While not a terrible game, THIS SHOULD NOT BE SOLD AT $25. Even if this game delivered a long, developed story akin to a fantasy book (which it does not both in the quality of its predictable plot and in its length), the price would still be too high. Considering that in order to truly finish the game you will have to buy a future expansion, THIS IS A BLATANT MONEYGRAB.If you are a story-lover, then Banner Saga is NOT for you. It has developmental depth of a comic book and dialogue is not necessarilly great either. This game to reading a good book is what Cheez Its are to a good meal.If you are looking for role-playing experience and to make impactful choices in a dynamic environment, then, again, this game is NOT for you. This game is a ride on a rail-road track, with events that force you to make decisions half the time without giving you enough feedback on the possible impact of those decisions. You will have to simply guess many times, and then the game would try to anticipate your choices by delivering cheap plot twists. It's quite silly. Moreover, after completing the game, it is easy to see that there is actually an optimal way to run through the story.If you are expecting a deep, addictive tactical combat game, then just go for the f2p BS: Factions. Vanilla BS only delivers many boring copy-paste fights against highly-generic AI enemies.Conclusion:Under the pretense that this game is an interactive story deeply affected by your choices and spiced up by some awesome tactical combat you are being sold an elaborate beautiful Flash game akin to the games from sites like Armorgames and Newgrounds. This product lacks in content, delivering only the first chapter of the story, without a definitive ending. That is a giant no-no and a red flag for any story-based game, considering the whopping price of $25.While a good buy at a price of, let's say, $10 (considering the de facto NECESSITY of expansion purchase), this is a lackluster buy at $25."
,Not Recommended,237990,26328618,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Banner Saga is a fairly basic tactics/strategy RPG with an equally basicFTL-stylesemi-random adventure filling in time between fights. You watch a cutscene where a bunch of surly-looking white people with consonant-heavy names like Hrthfalk or Vrmnyr glare at each other, then choose a dialogue option. Something will happen, then you'll be treated to a 15-60 second unskippable, unspeed-up-able clip of your caravan walking to the right. Then an event will happen, which will most likely lead to a fight. The combat is super simple and not really worth discussing; imagine Advance Wars with even less depth and breadth. Fighting and choosing dialogue options makes up 99% of your gameplay, and about 20% of your time spent on Banner Saga in total. Yes, there really is that much fluff.Much like FTL, the events that happen to your characters and the choices you're given are often obscure. A made-up example for the sake of avoiding spoilers: someone is coming over the hill. Do you kill them, or welcome them with open arms? Kind of a dumb question; you don't really know enough to make a good decision. Choosing either is ridiculous, yet Banner Saga forces you to make these sort of choices all the time.The advertising copy for Banner Saga touts its difficult choices, but the choices are ""difficult"" for all the wrong reasons.Normally, that would be annoying enough to cause me to stop playing, but the outcomes of the events didn't bother me. I'd gain a few supplies, or lose a few dozen men in my army, or in the worst case, an actual hero would die. But I have lots of heroes, and as for the army...The army you're given charge of does almost nothing in this game, and exists solely as a currency you can gain or lose via random events. Ditto with the supplies that they consume. They only effect they have on your actual fighting is a small increase or decrease to a single stat for your real characters during fights.The RPG-standards, Experience and Gold, have been combined into a single resource, Renown, that you must divide up as you see fit. You won't have enough to do everything; you're going to have to balance levelling up your heroes with purchasing army supplies and equippable trinkets. I think this is actually really well-designed and I liked it a lot, but it has one glaring flaw.Renown being so precious means that the Right Choice is almost always the one that leads to a fight. You get Renown not only for winning fights, but also for each individual kill. So the safest way to go through the game is to kill everything and everyone, every chance you get. This way you can keep a well-stocked army with lots of high-level heroes. It's pretty unintuitive, and also makes you fight a lot more times than the meager battle system can really be interesting for.I played this game a lot longer than I was expecting to. None of the systems by themselves are very good, and they don't really form a cohesive experience. I kept expecting something interesting to happen, but I just go more and more of the same. If you really, really like the art and story, maybe you can get through this, but I personally found both pretty mediocre. I give this game a 5/10 - it's not *bad* bad, but it's not really worth the time."
,Not Recommended,237990,8795805,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Lou,"It is very pretty, artwork is very nice, setting is interesting, with a lot of effort seemingly having gone into creating a fascinating backstory for the world. There are some moments in the story which will provoke an emotional reaction. Mostly ""noooo!"", it is a bleak tale of the apparent end of the world after all.However, it is short, I felt, for the price asked for. It is also apparently part 1, and part 2 and 3 are as yet, unfunded, according to the developers - they are waiting to see how well it sells before they can commit to making any more.The balance at the moment, is somewhat off, as relating to management of resources. This is supposed to be addressed soon in a patch though. I experienced a few game lockups, which were very, very frustrating due to how the game saves its state. Having to force-close the game and reload, meant having to redo an hour or more.I'm conflicted as to whether or not to recommend this. On the one hand, if I recommend it, then it raises the chances of the story being continued, and finding out what happens next. On the other hand, the length of the game, for the price asked, and some of the problems I encountered, and the prospect that parts 2 and 3 may never exist, means that I can't honestly recommend it at this time.Pros: Art is great, setting is interesting, story is involving.Cons: Short length, price, a few glitches, cliffhanger with uncertain prospect of resolution."
,Not Recommended,237990,23014527,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DieselKitten,"I tried to like this game. I really did. The story is engaging, the visuals are great, and the soundtrack is a masterpiece. But the gameplay is nonexistent. The different take on turn-based combat was cool at first but quickly turned stale. None of your choices matter: you are always forced to take a certain path. There is no point in really trying to choose what to do with your reknown (the games currency); if you use it to level up a character, that character may die or leave and you have absolutely no control on whether or not this happens, if you use reknown to buy supplies, those supplies will be destroyed or stolen regardless of the choices you make. This ""game"" only gives you the illusion of choice and the battles are basically a minigame. The Banner Saga is a visual novel that pretends to be an RPG. If you enjoy slighly interactable visual novels/comics, then I would recommend this game. But if you are looking for a strategy game/RPG, like I was, I recommend looking somehwhere else."
,Not Recommended,237990,20961495,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Einhenjar,"For the first eight hours, I was very into the story and tolerated the frustrating combat system. However, reaching a climax point in the story trying to defeat a boss left me in a position of almost no chance of success. My characters were underleved and had worse stats then the enemies. I found that I was against a boss that insta-shot all my characters and regenerated HP as fast as I could damage him.I want to like this game, I really do. The story, dialogue, and the sense of urgency and danger is really well done in this game. But to me, the combat is so frustrating and feels like it works against you. Movement is extremely limited and makes no sense. If my archer moves 3 spaces when he can move 5, he CANNOT move 2 more spaces afterwards. Why? I don't know. Archer range is shorter than enemy movement range, meaning you need a protective wall for your archer or else he will get destroyed by melee. Abilities have no range indicator before you move, so if you move one space short of your special ability range, too bad you wasted your turn.If you are serious interested in this game, wait for a sale when it's 5 dollars or so."
,Recommended,237990,24190434,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,hazey sunshine,"Do I recommend this game?YES, a thousand timesyes.Firstly, it's gorgeous. The art and the style are perfect.I loved the characters, even the ones that confused me didn't feel out of place or pointless.Gameplay is good, I like that I can relax a bit and enjoy the scenery sometimes. I wasn't overly familiar with turn-based combat, but the in-game tutorial was very helpful and after I'd settled in it stopped feeling slow/clunky.I connected to the story, so much that I played it through twice in a few days.Can't wait to treat myself to the next one!"
76561198105954357,Recommended,237990,13164445,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hitchhiker Dent,"This game has been sitting in my library, unplayed for months. I was expecting The Banner Saga to require some dedicated play time, and I was right. This game is challenging both in tactics and in dialouge decision making. The artwork, story, and game mechanics keep me hooked."
,Recommended,237990,8885325,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Hothtrooper44,The Banner Saga reminded me why I love games. Worth every penny.
76561198067398852,Recommended,237990,13887928,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Gargantiwan,"This game put simply is; great. If you like tough decisions and cool characters, I highly recommend this game, go buy it.Long version:The Banner Saga is an incredible game filled to the brim with attention to detail and an interesting if not slightly cliché setting mixed with intriguing writing and scenarios. It has you put as the leader of a caravan, wandering the land in search of shelter from the elements and anybody, or anything that might be chasing you.One of my favourite things about this game is how small you feel in the world, yet more importantly; a part of it. As you move along the 2D screen with a gorgeous backdrop, it really gives you a feeling of wonder. You are nearly always dwarfed by the massive altars known as Godstones, or towering mountains that dot the entirety of the game and it really put you in your place as a someone who is in a world that has existed long before you've arrived and will continue to do so long after you have left.The art style, is surprisngly great. It resembles an old Disney movie with its animation and aesthetic, yet it fits. The animations are simple, yet effective, from simply swinging a sword, to slamming your woodcutter's axe into the ground behind you so you can take the bow of your back and shooting at an enemy.One of the most engrossing things about The Banner Saga is the decisions that you make, and there is a lot of them. From deciding whether to let your caravan rest a day, improving their morale yet losing a day's worth supply of food in the process to deciding whether you let a fully developed character to die for the cause. I can't remember a decision I made where I didn't think that every option I had wasn't worth considering, and that's a really good thing. The sheer amount of decisions you make and the different results they show are absolutely great and the branching storylines allow for more than one playthrough. The overall plot is a bit hit and miss, and can be confusing at times; but it's the small interactions between characters that you're travelling with and the protection you feel for the unique characters as well as your whole caravan that makes this game's storytelling great.The combat is pretty good and reasonably challenging. It's a turn and stat based combat system in which you move around on a small, square-grid battlefield to try and defeat a small host of enemies. Before every battle starts you may choose in which order your party may attack in by placing them in an initiative queue which dictates who goes first and last in your attack order. The way that works is that you have your party member take an action, and then the enemy takes an action, and so on and so forth until all but one person on either one side remains, then a special phase called ""Pillage!"" starts. The person with the larger party may then use that entire party to utterly destroy the last person on the opposing party, as they have next to no actions to take before they get, well, pillaged. I like this combat, to an extent and in my opinion, could use some polish.The UI and character progress screens are simple yet easy to use for the most part as well, not really too much to say about them.The music in this game is to a very high standard and fits in perfectly with the world of Banner Saga which, like the world, fills you with awe, yet gives you the will to constantly push forward.The main negative points of this game (there isn't too many I can think of) is the tutorial and ending. The tutorial doesn't really give you a solid grasp on the combat as you should have, even with its seemingly simple nature. It'll take you at least 5 battles to get a proper hang of it. The ending is quite abrupt and unexpected and doesn't too a great job of tying the whole plot together in a nice way and left me wanting just a little more of a satisfying conclusion.The Banner Saga is a great and utterly charming game that boasts an amount of intelligence and complexity put into decision making that a lot of triple A titles fail to reach. I overall give the game a 8.5/10 with a high reccomendation."
,Recommended,237990,8852114,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,greywolf00,"Before I launch into my review, I highly recommend looking at a gameplay video to decide if you're really interested as this game is not going to be for everyone.This game is heavily story driven with a nice smattering of choice & consequence and turn based combat. While the story is fairly linear, you will end up in the same place no matter what, who is still alive when you get there will vary wildly from person to person. The game is built on the concept of an apocolypse and the developers had no problems bringing the harsh choices such an event would bring. The game gives a good frame work of the events and then allows the player to tailor how their individual journey plays out. Major plot points will be the same but the pieces that will in the blanks will be customized, and are often memoriable.Cons: Some people don't like cartoony art (I think it's beautiful in this game). There is no save system, it autosaves but it saves multiple copies so it's easy to backtrack. The combat is far inferior to the Banner Saga Factions and not just because it's next to impossible to create an AI on the level of a human. In Factions, every unit has a special ability making positioning and targeting key to success. In Banner Saga, a fair amount of enemies have no special moves, even into late game, erroding some of the tactical depth. This is further compounded by the lack of enemy types. The game is also very short (took me 8 hours), if you don't replay games often this might be a big deal to you. There's also a lack of exploration due to the onrails nature of the story. And finally, RPS has said they found the story hard to follow early on. They don't give you all the details about why what's happening is happening until later but, I never understood where this confusion comes from but feel it's probably worth mentioning."
76561198004254534,Recommended,237990,17254792,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kalindra,I just finished the game and im in tears i strongly recommend this game great story and lore and fun gameplay
76561197984289478,Recommended,237990,8758301,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ghostmaker,"One of the most compelling stories that I've ever experienced in a game. You aren't a group of badasses roaming around the country side giving a beatdown to nerdowells. You play a group of rag tag characters, trying to survive in a dying world. The decisions you have to make give a feeling that you're barely surviving, and sometimes are heartbreaking, or frustrating. But in the end, if they were anything else, they wouldn't be the Banner Saga."
76561198095395523,Recommended,237990,28520013,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Eternal Jamie,"A beautiful game which has a really fascinating lore crafted for it. Story gives you some really tough decisions to make, with both immediete and delayed consequences which really make you invested in the characters. Turn based combat system is fairly basic but engaging with a nice variety of enemies and abilities for your characters."
,Recommended,237990,11125667,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Spurda,"To make things short:TBS is a ""turn-based strategic RPG"" in which one has to take responsability for his decisions (think GoT but you are Georges RR Martin). I won't detail the story here, it's better to find it out yourself.Moreover the art direction and musics are trully marvellous.The only real downside (?): you'll starve for more once you reach the end (10 to 12h). Can't wait for the part II and III to be published (which will sadly take quite a long time).Just play this game, you won't regret it (you have my word)."
76561197998931656,Recommended,237990,8735620,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Big Bill,Over all great game. I only have a few problems with it. One it only took 13 hours to beat it on normal mode. Second I do not think they fully exsploited their capability with story. There is alot of lore on the map but you only get to see a small part of it. Great story exsperience though if you have $25 to spend. Just with it had a bit more.
76561197968370288,Recommended,237990,8734964,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KrazyKraut,"A game that draws you into the world - it has a very unique mood. The combat is interesting, and the choices are often interesting as well. The designers created many situations where you wish you would not have to make a decision. Some events feel contrived (really? my cart with gold had to be pushed down the cliff?), but overall, the quality of the writing, graphics and the thought that went into the combat system create a very immersive experience."
,Recommended,237990,8736465,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ookla,"Phenomenal. Best strategy-RPG hybrid I've played in years. The story is engrossing and the character development is spectacular. You can't go wrong here if you love RPGs, vikings, and a great story."
76561197996742012,Recommended,237990,8736426,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CRINGLEBURT,"Loved this game! gorgeous 2d animated art, immersive atmospheric world, great tactical combat and just generally fresh. Really inspirational 10/10."
,Recommended,237990,9708132,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Timb,"A melancholy journey through a beautifully hand drawn medieval world, full of mystery and danger.The banner saga takes you on an epic adventure, as you lead your caravan across an ancient viking land, in an atemt to flee the monsters that has destroyed your home, and who now seem determined to hunt you and your fellow refugess, to the ends of the world.With breathtakingly beautiful graphics, that looks like it's been taken straight out of a 80's cartoon, and solid tactical RPG element, as well as plenty of decision making that actualy impact the story, which is also incredible, you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,237990,10352251,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,2Fat2Carry,"Great turn base RTS game love it, the cartoon look graphics and amzing stoty line that player have to choose and make a disition ..... depend on the disition that player make ending is complitly different      10/10 .... :)"
,Recommended,237990,10475262,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Pogues,"A great story which will leave you wanting a sequel. Tactics based game play with interesting abilities and classes. The game excels in its aesthetics though. Beautifully hand drawn animation and characters, even combat is done in the style. The game is as beautiful as it is fun. Highly recommend."
76561198066219138,Recommended,237990,9699144,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Rekire,"It is hard to define what genre Banner Saga falls into, it has pick-your-own-adventure elements, with turn-based strategy battles, with some rpg features like party management with upgrading units, abilities, and items. This is by no means a negative towards the game as Banner Saga mixes these elements superbly.The art style and music are beautiful and the story! Dark, gritty, mature and wonderful. Your choices are never easy and they always carry consequences!A game that can feel so rewarding one minute and heart wrenching the next. Highly recommend."
76561197970398155,Recommended,237990,10907996,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nerdycoala,Finally bought this game in the summersale and it is so beautiful. The story up to now develops so interesting as there is a split party plot. The game mechanics in the combat system are easy to learn and use. This combat system offers an amazing tactical varriance you can go for but don have to. And all that shown with an beautiful artstyle which is underlined by a emotional sound   design.Thanks to all the developers and backers for making this master piece of a game.
76561197981632752,Recommended,237990,11155175,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,skywalkero49,"Being a sucker for Norse culture, I found the lore alone ridiculously satisfying. Beyond the eloquent storytelling and beautiful art, the gameplay itself was simple and fun.  The fights were entertaining and coming up with strategies based on your hero pool was great.  Your in game decisions do really matter since you can lose/gain characters based on what you decide.  My only complaint is that the game did not complete the story being told and I am looking forward to the sequel that will obviously come. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys good stories and basic turn based strategy games.  At the very least put it on your wish list for the next steam sale.P.S.  My experience with the game comes from playing the hard difficulty."
,Recommended,237990,9881101,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Muscle Moose,"8/102 points lost for the ending and lack of proper marketing which would let Steam users who've only seen the game on Steam know that this game is a single part in a trilogy.That aside, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing rad. Just stellar gameplay, great decision making aspects, and really amazing artwork.The combat seems complex at first, but really it's just an HP/MP set up. The most strategic planning before battles comes with each character, class, and race's functions and how they will affect the outcome of your instance.Putting aside the first statement in this review, the story is really, reeeealllly good. The world is so well established, with so much lore, and so much to learn, you'll just want to figure everything out."
76561197998467965,Recommended,237990,8733356,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,,Freaking sickballs
76561197994589141,Recommended,237990,8734781,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Skinless,"The only way I can discribe this game is Heart crushingly well done, I'm going to go find a corner to cry in to forget this ending now.Add on,♥♥♥♥♥♥move with the cliff hanger though."
76561198066545580,Recommended,237990,8734026,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Publius,Viking Oregon Trail with fighting and all the feels. Play it.
76561198073458221,Recommended,237990,8734083,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Blanko,"The game is great! Very interesting storyline that pulls you right in! Honestly i didn't think i'd enjoy reading instead of watching scenes and listening to the speeches but that actually made me feel like i'm really involved in it. Played it on normal and it was quite challenging at some points, supplies were becoming more scarce towards the end of the game, lost quite a few characters throughtout the play due to choosing the outcome really wanted to go back to last save but it only lets you go so far so i stick to the idea that it is right to just move on and suffer the consequences, seemed very natural that way and i liked it! Only the last fight was hard on normal and i wanted to see the ending so i switched difficulty to easy, will definately play it all over on hard. It does seem to have many choices you make throughout the game and even the small one have effect. Several things did not really make sense, you lose so many landsman, fighters and varl if you travel without resources, and in the end you finish with however many of those left but does it make any difference with how many you finish it? Made no sense to me, but i havent serched for the answer either so maybe it does have some kind of effect. In my point of view game does have minor flaws as i would call them but those are not vital at all. Definately worth getting! Looking forward to continuation of the story!"
,Recommended,237990,8737759,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,mirchhhhh,"It's like an Oregon Trail Disney 2D Animated movie for adults with a pseudo-Viking/Norse mythos/stereotypical-""cold Northlands medieval settlement"" backdrop with a complex turn-based strategy element. The art direction alone sold me on the game and as soon as I started to play I was enthralled for hours on end."
,Recommended,237990,8737784,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,jamvng,"A beautiful game, with elements from Tactical Strategy games, Oregon Trail, and Disney. The story is dark fantasy, and intriguing. The characters and script are both very well written. The story and atmosphere of the game kept me intrigued to keep going. The battles may not be as deep as something like Final Fantasy Tactics, but with some unique gameplay systems, the game kept me entertained."
,Recommended,237990,8799667,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,goofa,"This is the modern Oregon Trail. Curveballs will be thrown, you will get bent over by the game.Worth nothing this is the first of 3 chapters so the ending may feel a bit abrupt.Approx 15-20 hours for one run depending on how nerd you are."
76561198048359558,Recommended,237990,9443563,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,SNOWFLAKE,"Unforgiving and beautiful, this game pushes you to the edge constantly. Whether you are struggling to maintain resources while balancing character progression or dealing with the various events that suddenly arise amongst the caravan, the whole experience will leave you battered, but feeling rewarded. Highly Recommended"
76561198083487321,Recommended,237990,9623456,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,morganrchase,"Oregon Trail meets Battle Chess, meets the most beauitufl game you've ever played. Don't wait, buy now. Support a great indie developer!"
76561197985657467,Recommended,237990,8735045,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,SaferCloud,Coup de coeur 2014. Je le recommande vivement
76561198002315662,Recommended,237990,8737363,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,wallacetothe2,I liked The Banner Saga. I thought it had really good pacing that keeps wanting me to play until the story is over. The battles were not that difficult except for the final boss who was quite a challenge  even with my factions experience. The game runs well and its a joy to look at. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,237990,8966427,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Naffer,"If you're a fan of Tactical RPGs filled with tense decision making, stunning visuals and unique stories, you owe it to yourself to check out The Banner Saga."
,Recommended,237990,9460560,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Maplehoof,"all im sayin is, TURN DOWN FOR WHAT"
76561198074514599,Recommended,237990,8737278,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,tripmachinevirus,"So i bought this game on the spot simply because I saw the first 30 seconds of the trailer.  I promptly spent my homework time playing this game....and dinner...and well, 7 hours later I beat the game.  I really liked the flow of the game and the consequences of your choice.  So i decided to play it again, but make new choices.  The conversations didn't really change, but the results of my choices did.I enjoyed the intro movie and thought a lot of the game would have the same animation cut scenes, but they didn't. That i found to be a let down.  The music however was always spot on, which definitely added to the gameplay.There are parts that I may be missing, but some of the storyline hasn't been developed once introduced.  It may be because of my choices throught out the game, but huge chunks of potential story are just not there. I want to know what this ""darkness"" is, or wtf that snake has to do with anything.Overall I liked the game due to the asthetics, and the Oregon trail feel of the game.  But some parts just fall short, mainly ending being so linear, especially after a variety of random encounters that require a diversity of choices."
,Recommended,237990,9134746,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Leahtronic,I'm really enjoying this gem - a fully tactical turn-based RPG set in VIKING times with a rich story and choose-your-own-adventure style of progression. It's incredibly polished for an indie game with a good balance of difficulty. I'd highly recommend trying this out if you're on the fence about it.
76561198088298153,Recommended,237990,12490160,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mirriepir,"The Banner Saga is a beautiful, stunning turn based strategy game with it's own mythology, set in a world of Varl (horned giants) and men. The gods are dead. The sun unresting in the sky.In this game you follow two groups. One is the group of Hakon, a leader of the Varl, still kind of uneasy in the role of leader. He has to get along with Ludin, the prince of men, and his bodyguards and entourage.The other group is lead by Rook, a hunter from Skogr. He is together with Iver, a varl he has known for a while, his daughter Alette, Egil, archer Oddleif and all of his clansmen.Along the way you can gather people to join your caravan as you travel the world, fleeing for the Dredge, stone creatures. Fighting them almost becomes monotone, as there aren't a lot of other enemies in the game, except for some enemy humans and varl. But the game makes up for that by fitting it perfectly in the story.The other thing that helps making this game not so monotone is that the special events (raids, attacks, fighting families, hunger, theft, curious characters, etc.) are sometimes random and don't appear in a certain order. You have to think wise though if you want to let certain people in or out of your caravan, as your actions can have heavy consequences.Sometimes, parts of the game seem a little buggy (losing people due to hunger while you aren't skipping a day for example).It takes a while to really understand the dynamics in fighting. I was a bit confused by how willpower and renown works, so my advice to players is to really read into it while the game explains and train with your character for practice-battles, or fighting enemies becomes frustrating and confusing. I almost finished my first playthrough and I'm very surprised. Definetely going to replay the game, as certain decisions seem to have a huge impact.What a worth for my money! I've fallen in love with the characters and can't wait for the next parts."
,Recommended,237990,12087582,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Lt. Don Draper,"Today I finished The Banner Saga, and after reading many reviews, I have some responses and things I liked about the game.Response to its ""unfairness"": that is the point of the game, that thousands of people are dying and it's going to be a bit unfair. I can understand being angry at that, but that's the direction the developers wanted to go into.The battle system is interesting, with two primary stats: Strength, and Armor. Damage = Attacking Strength - Defending Armor. Low armor/health allies usually are backed up with a bow or special abilities which are very helpful in the late game; being able to have full health and deal full damage in late-battle is a godsend.You can pick any ally you want to go into battle, with a cap, and what order they go in. If your enemies have less people than you, they are given a slight advantage because the order goes you-them-you-them. When you have 1 opponent left it goes into pillage mode, which essentially means that unless the last opponent is very strong the game will end.The story, with which I was most impressed, made me forget about anything else I didn't like. It was dark, depressing, and basically the Oregon trail with Vikings. Between story and fighting was traveling, where you had to balance supplies and leveling up your characters, as well as making decisions which could easily kill off characters (sometimes ""unfairly"", as I said above, sometime not - like if you decide to take up a dangerous thief in disguise).The animation is rather static with beautiful elements and scenery. I would pay thrice this game's value for an art collection of this game.Overall, good 7-8 hour experience, and I would recommend it to people. who are looking for a slow-paced game with a heavy story-driven experience. This game isn't really for everyone, but it is a unique game."
,Recommended,237990,33528357,Posted: 13 July,all,DatArsenalFan,"Good TBS game with hint of RPG - bonus positive art & musicThis is a turn-based strategy game yet it has own uniqueness in the game. The game art is gorgeous. The story is good, enjoyable. The random events within the game are not bad, not great either. Some of the events has consequences so choose wisely.This game has turn based battle. You put your heroes in the battleground divided in many squares. Enemies will be in the opposite side of the battleground. Imagine chess! Then everyone do activities (movement, attack et.) turn by turn. Heroes has different attacks. You kill, then you gain new level, then you level up, you get stronger.Combat requires some planning. You just cannot put your heroes in the battleground and you'll win. You have to design your combat strategy, place your heroes in such a way that one hero can cover the other, and strategically kill the enemies quickly.Overall I liked the game and will buy the second part to continue with the saga. If I have to put some number on this, it will besolid 8Who will like the game?Turn based strategy lovers, definitely play this game.Person who loves good story, art and music. Play in easy mode if you don't like strategic turn based battles."
76561198057537083,Recommended,237990,33674158,Posted: 20 July,all,PersianVersion,If you want to play a game where your choices actually matter mixed with a tatical rpg akin to final fantasy tactics then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,237990,15544600,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tertiary Investments,"I really wanted to punch Ludin in his stupid face, but never did out of fear.8.25/10"
,Recommended,237990,33674627,Posted: 20 July,all,Prob-X25,"We are in a time of the Indie games beats the AAA games. Yes my friends , these days are the dark days . But don't worry . We will survive from these days just like surviving in The Banner Saga .Before I start I will write a spoiler counter . Here you can see how many contains down here . 100/200 of gameplay . 1/100000000 of Lore and storyGameplay lasts 12-13 hours . But its such a good game that your just not stopping at the first gameplay . I myself will start over from the beggining . You are deciding to which people you will end the game with . Like yes this maybe a spoiler but , if you'll let Oddleif to train the clanswomen you'll get an archer hero which you can use it in the battle . Also you'll gain fighters instead of mouths to fed by the exchange of nothing . Yes thats maybe sounds cruel but believe me once you play the game you'll understand what I mean . You can just be selfish and dont help the people who is suffering from the hunger of getting killing by the Dredges and etc and continue your path without less mouths to feed  , or help them and gain more mouth to feed . Your choice . You can warn the locals about the danger or you can just walk away without stopping so that you can leave bodys to kill for the Dredge and make them slow down a bit . Be cruel or be hero . End the game with these choices . And best part is that you can continue The Banner Saga 2 with the choices you've made in this game .GameplayYou are travelling from a city to another and another and another for find the solution of the problem of the Dredge . There is a food stock that worths days for survive . Once that stock emptys , your clansmen/clanswomen , your fighters and your Varls are starting to day every day . And that will decrease the morale of your caravan . Low morale gives you nothing in the battle and makes you disadvantage in the battles . So be sure to make that morale at least normal .TradeTo buy the food you need to give renown . To buy items that gives you special things ''more strenght , more armor , %10-20-30 dogding skills  more , more break damage and etc '' you need to give renown for that too .Level SystemIts easy . Once you kill Dredge and exceed your kill limit , which you can see that limit in your hero stats , your hero gets promote . Once you promote your character that hero's kill limit will increase . You will exceed that to level up again .To promote you need to give renown . At the first promote 5 renown than 10 renown than 15 than 20 and that goes like that . Promoting character will give you 2 points . You can use these points to increase their ,Special AbilityArmorStrenghtWill PowerExertionBreakHigher means better of course . And the items . There are items you can use to improve without promoting or giving skill points to these 6 stats . Even if you are filled one of this stats the item you have gives 2 more of that filled stat you can still use it . Like your strenght is 17/17 and you are using the +2 strenght , in battle you can see that you have 19 strenght. Of course ther is a condition to use these items. The item's level  you are going to use must be equel or lesser to your hero's level . For example you can add 4 lv item to your 5 lv hero , you can add 5 lv item to your 5lv hero but you cannot add 5lv item to your 4lv hero .In BattleThere is 2 types of war . First is classical turn-based battle with hand drawn system . You can move in the place and build your strategy and attack or rest . Defensive or aggresive . Second is the big wars . Like you've got 600 Varl and 400 Fighters against 1000 dredges you'll going to lead your troops . You can order your troops to escape , charge or get in formations the attack . Its simple . Charging will make you face more opponents in the turn-based battle . Ordering them to form in lines will make you face less opponents in the turn-based battle . In both fights at the end there is two options you can select . One of the option is to face more of them before they leave the battle and gain 1 item or escape . Charging will make your casualties less , ordering form in line will make it more . If you will go like this charge and deal more your casualties I think will none . If you will go like this form in line and deal more your casualties will lesser then the normal form in line's casualties .ClassesThere are 7 classes at the total in this game . Archer , Landsman , Mender , Raider , Shieldbanger , Spearman and the Warrior . Each of them got special abilities . I suggest you to keep the archers and menders  behind the shieldbaner and the warriors . This shieldbanger and Warrior types are Varls and they fill 4 space in the turn-based battle .VarlsVarls are a race created by the god . I will not tell you which one cause that will over-pass the spoiler limit of this review.They are human and beast mixed giants . They can last too many ages . I dont know the end their ages .Lore and the DrawingsThis actually is not a review but its a truth of these times . You know the AAA games are not much worth anymore . Most likely the Indie games and the oldies . :(:(:( Thats not an emoji . Drawings are the SUPER DUPER thing I ever seen . I loved these drawings . I felt like Im in my childhood and watching Disney's Movies . Lore . Lore is really good . That good that there is actually a book wroted about it (I suppose I didn't read it yet Its not selling in our country :(:( (thats not an emoji) ) . Gift of Hadrborg . One of the gods . Storytelling is amazing . There is not so many times that the  game is telling you about lore but it seems the devs know that so they add the map clickable you can see what happend there and what is the ruler and builder of the place you will click .Thanks for reading . I think I wrote here many thing but still you will enjoy the game like you know nothing .Keep yourself prepared to the end :((((( This is not an emoji allright .SoundtracksAmazing soundtracks made by brilliant Austin Wintory . Helps the game to take  you inside of the atmosphere . If you'll like it which you will probably like buy the soundtracks as DLC and listen them whenever you want .Point I give is 90/100"
,Recommended,237990,29541907,Posted: 28 January,all,Max2030,"The Banner Saga is a casual turn based tactics game with some beautiful artwork. It's one of the better ones in this genre. The complexity of the battle system hits the right spot. It's not too involved like that of X-Com where you have to carefully plan your every move. What that means is the battles aren't that tense and you can play this game at the end of the day when you don't have much energy left and still enjoy it. At the same time your choices in the battlefield do make a difference and the battles don't feel trivial.The story is decent enough for a game of this type and agian, better than other casual turn based tactical games. The best thing about the game, apart from the battles, is the visual style. It's comic book / cartoon type art style makes me a bit nostalgic. But on the downside, there is little to no voice acting and it's quite conspicuous. It keeps the game from reaching its true potential.All in all the game is quite enjoyable. I recommend getting it on sale if you're into casual turn based tactics."
,Recommended,237990,11781261,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,UpInFlames,"We’ve seen the world coming to an end many times now. Oftentimes it’s used as a meaningless crutch in order to get things going, to have an artificial reason as to why you have to kill a bunch of enemies. But there are stories that make the end of the world compelling yet again. Because there is something inexplicably fascinating about such a cataclysmic event. The Banner Saga makes the case for the latter. It creates an apocalyptic scenario and thrusts you directly into it. And it’s utterly brutal and unapologetic about it. Your actions have the power to save lives. More often than not, things will go wrong. People will die and the world may yet end no matter what you do. It’s a bleak proposition and yet so incredibly motivating.The Banner Saga is based on Viking mythology and takes place across a vast Nordic land inhabited by humans and varl. The varl are horned, giant-like creatures that were created by the gods. Humans and varl were bitter enemies for ages until the gods grew tired of it and created the dredge, monolithic stone creatures that have a particular thirst for destruction. The two warring races had to unite and push back the dredge into the far reaches of the northernmost wastes. A tenuous peace has lasted since. But the dredge are back in greater numbers than ever and they are mowing down everything and everyone in their path. But the real problem is – the dredge are on the move because they are fleeing an unknown darkness intent on engulfing the entire world. The lore isn’t particularly original or elaborate, but it is really intriguing.As the player, you will be controlling two separate caravans making their way across the lands. One is a varl expedition of kings and princes in the middle of human/varl peace negotiations trying to make their way to the varl capital whereas the other is a human group running to save their bare lives from the outpouring of bloodthirsty dredge. The goal is to survive. You will endure many hardships during your travels and you will have a direct impact on the outcome. Many choices will present themselves to you and the outcome will rarely be clear. You will face certain repercussions of your choices further down the line. Almost all of them are equally compelling and will directly influence who joins you, who lives, who dies and the overall state of your caravan. Other games tell you of hardships, The Banner Saga throws you right in the middle of it so as to feel the brunt of it on your shoulders.The production values will leave you in awe, wondering how is it possible that this game was made by a three-person team. The artwork is absolutely gorgeous, truly some of the most beautiful I have ever seen. Complimented by a superb soundtrack consisting of Viking-inspired tracks, the game manages to create an intensely thick atmosphere, one of beauty drowned in misery and despair. The importance that these elements have on the game and the overall experience cannot be overstated. Throughout the game, there are these calm scenes in which you just observe your caravan slowly moving through the lands and it’s so inexplicably memorable.When it comes to the actual gameplay, apart from the continual decision-making, the big star here is the turn-based combat system. I have played a rather large number of both turn-based strategy games and turn-based RPG’s and I have never come across a combat system quite like this one. What’s most interesting about is that strength and health are the same stat so as a unit loses more and more health, it becomes more and more useless. However, the armor stat is equally important because even if your unit is more powerful than the enemy unit, it won’t deal much damage until you take the armor down. And this is then complicated further because you can either choose to deal armor damage or health damage. Also, all the different units have different special abilities. All of this creates a highly tactical combat system which really makes you think about how you approach the battle.When it comes to shortcomings, the first thing that comes to mind is small enemy variety. Sometimes you’ll fight humans or varl, but mostly the dredge will be your opponents and it would have been nice if they had more unit types. Also, considering that it’s a 2D game, the loading times are unusually long. The game will also leave you wanting more once it ends which you may see as a negative as you’ll want to continue the story right away instead of waiting for the next chapter. However, this is offset by a relatively high replay value. A second playthrough will surely turn out completely different than the first.The Banner Saga is a fantastic game which will place the heavy burden of leadership and responsibility on your shoulders. It will lead you through a beautiful yet bleak world and it will provide a challenge in both its hard choices and tough combat. And it will be a journey to remember.9 OUT OF 10 (SUPERB)"
,Recommended,237990,12144019,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Kreuscher,"The Banner Sagais a single-player indie game developed by a small team of three game designers, namely Arnie Jorgensen and John Watson and Alex Thomas, all of whom worked also on Bioware’sStar Wars: The Old Republic. It is the first game in what is said to be a trilogy.The combat system in the game is rather simple but in my opinion hits the right notes. It’s neither too hard nor too easy, and it fits the general mood of the game very well. Voice acting is almost absent in the entirety of the game, which gives it a distinct old-school RPG style (and surely bother some people). The Norse setting and aesthetics are dazzling and work wonderfully without the stereotypical elves-and-dwarves background so commonly associated with Fantasy games (I think it is worth mentioning that Arnie Jorgensen worked for DC Comics as cover artist and penciler). The chilly, stark soundtrack composed by Austin Wintory (famous for the back then PS3-exclusive gameJourney), coupled with the visual aspect of the game, creates a perfectly consistent atmosphere of dreadful cold and silence while you roam from town to town in the Nordic landscape. As far as I know, the decisions you make during the game don’t change much of the story itself. They affect your gameplay directly, though, and can alter the overall experience (especially inWar!events), so you must think twice before you act upon a request made by a clansman or a caravan you meet on the road.Anyway, I do recommend this game, not just because I enjoyed it specifically, but because I believe Stoic studio has the potential to continue making quality games (be that a sequel or something else entirely). Their first game is enough proof for me."
76561198085070881,Recommended,237990,34267727,Posted: 15 August,all,Nissad,"Proof of Video Games as ArtEverything about this game is stunning. The atmosphere, setting, story, animation, and music come together perfectly to suck you into this game world. The weakest points of this game are the somewhat generic gameplay and sudden ending. That said, the gameplay is addictive, and the 10-15 hour story only feels short becuase you wont want it to end. I can't reccomend this game enough. Even if you hate turn based games, you could easily enjoy this by playing on easy and enjoying it as a story focused oregon trail. Buy it now."
,Recommended,237990,13107290,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ben.benson,"One of the few remarkable games which shows pretty well that it's not the production value that lets a game stand out of the crowd. This is one of the most beloved titles in my long list of play-throughs and it speaks to all fans of northern mythology, good storytelling and awesome art- & sound-design.I think it's worth every single cent and you should definitely pick it up either here or your mobile device. Play it! It's a mandate!"
76561198026620591,Recommended,237990,13700778,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Duck Knight,"It's evil. I Love it.While playing this game, there will be choices you have to make. And no matter how you  chose, you will always end up on thinking ""That was a mistake, but I guess I can fix that by doing *something* as soon as possible"". You can never fix your mistakes, you can just try to move on and deal with it.You do not beat this game, this game beats you."
,Recommended,237990,8721352,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lucasviking,"Viking men, viking women and horned viking giants battling ancient robots made of stone in a scandinavian world where the sun stopped in the sky.Just that would make an amazing game, but The Banner Saga also brings a deep, intriguing and involving story, über charismatic characters and an art style that honours the greates Disney  classics, but with more blood.And on top of all that, a batlle system that's easy to get, but unfolds into a thousand of complex strategies. A must have to any  fan of RPG and strategy game.The best Tactics game ever made since Final Fantasy Tactics. And don't forget to check out the free PvP The Banner Saga: Factions, too."
,Recommended,237990,13793266,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Maguro IV Ausf. H,"this game is wonderful , for the art style and music . the presentation of this game is very very good.the same as the story. every choice has consequences and it's not a easy choice, it's all matter even a small simple choice can bite you in the long run.gameplay sprit between 2 part. move the caravan and turn-based RPG combat.caravan part is manage the resource and pick a choice which effect your jouney. making camp to rest and prepare to the next battle. and travel across the world (sadly you can't pick the destination the game story does).combat part is simple but yet challange and fun. it's good but not so special.story and lore is very good I'm gladly to read more but can't seem to find within game. so yeah....more would be nice.overall , it's a very good game and it can be a lot better. I can't wait for the sequel."
76561198011449822,Recommended,237990,25216046,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,の3ѡʊ █ ツ,"I can’t find any words… You think about buying this game? STOP and… buy it for god’s sake ! Play and enjoy magnificent story, world, battles. But you must knew one thing. Your mind will be challenged because you will make very much choises that effects will shock you in future.This is 11/10 one of the best games of this kind and the best game that for now have been relesed because kickstarter!"
,Recommended,237990,13754794,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Celador,"It has amazing music, graphics, rich story and gameworld, however its a completely railed game - your decisions do not matter at all. You get huge map with dozens of locations but you always travel in a straight path. I think its one of those ""lost opportunity"" games. Still good though for exactly one playthrough. You might actually want to just download trainer and complete it just for the story and music."
,Recommended,237990,10486570,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"+ Great art and animations+ Some recognizeable music (Austin Wintory + Dallas Wind Symphony)+ Recognizeable characters+ Feeling of deep lore+ Alternating protagonists to control, different views on the events taking place+ Some freedom which paths to take and which fighters to let join (or leave) your group. When resting at villages/cities or when the caravan is moving events pop up giving you multiple choices, often difficult ones as either your caravan, your integrity as it's leader or the people in the surrounding area may suffer from your choice (like your supplies are low - steal from these peasants or pass by letting clansmen in your caravan starve?)+ The combat situations you are getting into are reflected in the actual combat fields you are fighting on (you are not randomly thrown into some generic landscapes; the areas are visibly designed accordingly to how they were previously described, and have fitting assets like buildings, corpses or passive fighters of all the participating factions observing the events).~ Final boss battle can be frustratingly hard (at least on any other difficulty than ""Easy"")~ Story is not finished. It was promising as long as it lasted, but ended rather abruptly, I didn't expect the game to end where it did. I guess this is where the line ""Saga"" comes into play. Stoic is apparently outlining or already working on the sequel. If you expect a conclusive story from this single installment you will be disappointed.~ There is a feeling of deep lore. There is a big world map, and literally any place, landmark and terrain formation you can click at to get a description of it's history or naming or whatever. This alone deserves some respect in my opinion. But not all - perhaps naturally - is used in any gameplay-related way. The worldmap itself only serves as an overview as to where you are, and where you will be going, to get an understanding of your journey. You can very well never look at the map and still get along.- Only very few voice acting, and never during character dialogues (the launch trailer falsely suggests there to be more).- Hostile AI is occassionally doing some strange moves, sometimes hurting their own combatants more than yours.- No idea if it's me but sometimes the game glitched a bit. I was clicking around the combat options of one of my fighters and somehow the game ended the turn of that fighter despite me never wanting to do that. In one occasion I noticed my fighter was teleported on another combat field too. It didn't happen >that< often, but often enough for me to notice, and in some instances it prevented me from finishing some combats as I had hoped to do.- Special moves of the fighters are sometimes a bit difficult to understand. A full explanation you can only look up before a battle. When in battle there is only a reduced description which sometimes lacks important details. So you either need to learn these moves beforehand (there are training battles in cities/villages and when resting with your caravan) or do trial and error (there is some room of error as long as you aren't a perfectionist, fighting on ""Hard"" or on ""Normal"" against the final boss). This could possibly have been made easier by allowing you to look up the full character profiles (and special move descriptions) during combat too."
,Not Recommended,237990,11938058,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Science Fact,"A very pretty looking game with a good story, but too many frustrating mechanics: special abilities that are never worth using, leveled characters that disappear from your roster (and take your hard earned items with them), and the game forces you to use the same resource for the orgen trail mode as you do for leveling and purchasing items-- this should have been split out and rebalanced."
,Recommended,237990,8721185,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","The art is beautiful, music astonishing, gameplay solid. The combat system is fun, if a little simplistic for the lack of things like terrain modifiers and a little sparse on variety of units. The story is at once bleak and heartwarming. You feel for every senseless death in your caravan as little events give you snippets of what daily life is like on the road. You want to protect your people. The game will run on even the shakiest toaster and will run a skilled player around 10-12 hours for their first time through. Subsequent playthroughs are tantalizing, the desire to see if you can remedy past failures and save those whom you lost is strong by the end of the game.Highly recommended."
76561198116527414,Recommended,237990,28884731,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sigmar,"My feelings about this game are a little mixed, but mostly positive.I like the Nordic background, the cartoon-like artstyle and the storylines. The concept of two groups of heroes starting at opposite sides of the map, uniting and mixing before endgame works very well. The system of character development and equipment is simple, but immersive enough. I also appreciate the additional gameplay layer of troop management (numbers of combattants/civilians, provision, motivation - finally reaching a village where you can buy food is a meaningful event after losing soldiers to starvation on a long march!) Morally ambiguous decisions in dire situations do appeal to me.One thing that prevents this one from being a really great game is the combat system. I appreciate the relative strategic complexity of separating armour and strength, while some other turn-based games only show a health bar, with unchanging damage and protection values. But still, I have my issues with it. Is it realistic that I can attack the body of an opponent without damaging his armour? I cannot imagine that. The distribution of heroes and enemies on the arena follows a few patterns that are repeated too often for my taste. I do not like that there is no chance involved when determining the damage your attacks do - even a weak fighter should have a lucky strike now and then (predictability kills tension). Also, I have a problem with the alternating order of action between the two fighting groups (instead of a more realistic principle of one action per character per round): For example, if one group has six fighters and the other one two, the two will act three times as often as each of their opponents. In the end, you keep weak enemies alive as long as you can just to prevent the heavy hitters from punishing your wounded soldiers. This is very unintuitive.Such things make the combat system feel a little artificial to me, and I do not see what some critics found so brilliant about it.More importantly, the decisions you make only have minor effects on the final outcome, the storyline has only one ending essentially, so you pay 20 EUR for a single playthrough unless you want to see the minor variations in the story that result from your choices. Do you really care wether the final boss is killed by hero 1 or hero 2? I did not.The gameplay serves its purpose, but it falls short compared with other roleplaying games. The substance of this game is the immersive atmosphere of the storylines. My verdict: 6/10."
,Recommended,237990,8719910,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Syntp,"I enjoyed the game quite a bit. To start off one playthough takes about 10 hours.Since the game is fairly different than most games on the whole, I figured it'd be easier to point out the similarities it may have with some established games. The game's a little bit like:Fire Emblem -  grid based combat, but individual unit turn-based with a strength as hp mechanic and armor -- you can try out The Banner Saga: Factions, the corresponding free multiplayer game to try the combat,Oregon Trail - you travel along a fairly linear path making decisions as you go with a caravan nonetheless,Dragon Age - unlike Fire Emblem series where if you lose a character in combat, you lose him/her in the campaign, in TBS you can only lose characters through decisions you make out of combat -- falling in combat will only injure a unit for the next fight, unless you rest at camp or have enough time pass to heal the injuries,King of Dragon Pass - the decision system is similar and you will be given chances to wage war, however you only control the army by choosing one command, such as Charge, Formation, Defend, etc. which then prompts a regular combat scenario,---The campaign affects combat in several main ways. Probably most importantly, it affects who you will be able to play as in combat and which encounters will be combat encounters or bypassed through resolution or avoidance. You can add new characters to your party or even accidentally, or purposefully, kill off members of your team.Next,  your caravan morale affects how much willpower your team has starting the match. Willpower allows characters to use their special abilities, deal extra armor break or damage, and to move further in a single turn. If your caravan morale is low, your team will start fights with less than normal willpower, but if they start with high morale, they will receive bonus morale.Lastly, from making some decisions, you can gain reknown (the currency used to level up units and to buy equippment and supplies -- supplies are used to feed your whole caravan and maintain morale).---Strengths:As you'll see stated in most any other review, TBS is a gorgeous game. The combat is equally good and quite strategic.The vast and detailed world map shows the scope of the game's world in the classic Tolkien fashion.The characters and decisions are very impactful. You can lose or gain key characters (and their equipment) based on your decisions. Some decisions will have immediate results, while others may show up long after you've made them.Weakness:The biggest issue I had with the game is that it felt lopsided on the decision system. If you made a series of a few bad decisions, you wound up always struggling to get supplies, and on the flipside, if you make a series of good decisions, you have a fairly easy time. This is because all of the systems seem to compound on eachother. I preferred to be struggling, because it kept the tension of survival prominent.I enjoyed the overall structure of the story and the many decisions I had to make along the way, however the dialogue sometimes was poorly phrased, such as by using modern colloquial slurs. Some characters would use lore-based expressions, while others frequently sounded like they were from the current era.This was an odd issue. Some character and city names I did not know how to pronounce, and so I didn't commit many characters and places to memory.Lastly, you're always moving forward, from point A to point B. Once you leave camp or town you continue back on your journey. Instead of directly choosing your destination, you're sent in the general direction the story tells you to go, able to take detours or backtrack only when an event decision occurs.---On Combat:If you are not familiar with The Banner Saga's combat, I could see it being a fairly difficult game, as common strategic thought is to kill off units rather than leave them maimed and on the board. With TBS's turn-based system, one character takes a turn then control passes to the opponent to move one character. The order of character movement is established before combat and can be changed only by a few special characters once in combat. Although it might seem odd at first, this system requires much more strategy than just going from one side of the board to the other wiping out all enemy units. Each time you kill off an enemy unit, you are giving the opponent an advantage, slight or large dependent on the difference between both sides' total units.I find TBS's combat system to be a good addition to turn-based strategy family and prefer it to most other turn-based game systems.What I'd like to have seen:Skirmish mode - a mode to fight on all the different maps vs the AI using characters unlocked through the story-mode,Characters & Maps - story characters/classes added to The Banner Saga: Factions (the multiplayer version of the game);Multiplayer - The Banner Saga: Factions accessible in-game from TBS's client; I think leaving the two games separate can cause some confusion for players, some may only know about one version and not the other;"
76561198000612114,Not Recommended,237990,13237339,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,earl,"Great title but...Pros :Amazing artBeautiful musicSolid story (on certain things)Most of the main characters are deepUnexpected twistsThe random issues popping while you travel and the outcome of the choices you makeThe tactics or based turn is not that bad (neither as good as FFT)Cons:Really short story and completly linearThe dredge story is incomplete and makes not much sense eitherThe choices you make do not affect the outcome od the story rather your charactersPoor character sheet, cant really buy many items when your caravan is constantly starvingMaximum level is 5Items are useful but you can only equip oneNo side questsI dont get the MAP, its huge but you can't freely travel anywhereThe gameplay its a basic strategy game, meaning, main hit, shield break and special and thats it, its kinda poor.Cant custom anythingNear the end it doesnt matter if you have 3 clansman and let everyone starve to death, story or outcome wont changeLast battle was lazyThe battle scenarios are all the same, as in, there are no cliffs, rivers, heights, traps, etc... plain and simpleBecause you cant tell which one of your characters will die, he dies with your equiped itemMarket is poorCharacter interaction is also lazy and shallowThe enemy variety is poorConclusion:Could have been an excellent game, deep in content and where you could spend hours working on details, like adquiring an ancient bow from a god hidden underneath a profound mountain cave filled with random dungeons and strong different enemies. I enjoyed playing it but when the credit screen displayed infront of me.. I was really disapointed and kinda glad I didn't spend 20dls or € on it and got it on a sale for 5€, thats should be the real price. And of course they intend to make a second one to conclude the story but its going to be hard to keep the same characters because many will die or survive depending on the choices you make.Buy it on sale and spend arround 10 hours to complete you wont regret it if you truly love based turn, strategy game as FFT (Final Fantasy Tactics)."
76561198107071933,Recommended,237990,20765271,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Papersharps,"The Banner Saga is a tale of Nordic legends, with intuitive turn-based combat and decision-based dialogue systems. With its beautiful style, strong characters, amazing soundtrack and solid gameplay, The Banner Saga leaves you on the edge of your seat for at least 8 to 10 hours. Winter isn't coming, it's already here. Best be ready.Watch full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt97iaWYECA"
76561198028840446,Not Recommended,237990,8896648,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,bigboned,"Play the free Banner Saga: Factions.They haven't added anything but unskippable animations and a few pages of dull text on top of the F2P game.If you really want to buy it, wait until it's under $5 on Steam Sale."
76561198031332902,Not Recommended,237990,16394706,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RacemicMixture,"Plot played out like a choose-your-own-adventure book, with ridiculous consequences for otherwise benign choices. Characters come and go more often than an RR Martin book, and for no good reason, so it's hard to feel attached to any one of them. The tactics gameplay itself was fairly standard. Overall I love the setting and I was curious about the world, but nothing about the game was actually fun to play. Just a long, frustrating slog to the end -- which didn't resolve anything about the questions set out in the beginning of the story."
76561198118733117,Not Recommended,237990,18078111,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Asciiman,"While the game has lots of flavour, a diverse soundtrack and a decent enough story, it unfortuneately is hampered by a strange combat mechanic that has completely turned me off The Banner Saga.In normal turn based strategy/rpg games, everyone rotates through their turns, going one after another. However in Banner Saga, it is one faction then the other faction, regardless of how many soldiers/characters are left. What this equals out to is that fights are brutally rough when trying to take out single tough enemies. More that that it feels so utterly non-sensical that if you fought well, and had all four/five/six characters, and your enemy has one left, that one will get to act four/five/six times more often then anyone of your characters.The whole concept is confusing if you think about it too much, but more than that, characters you like to use, are used less often in relation to the enemy in most fights, and they are more likely to die, if they catch a lone opponents ire, because that enemy can attack your one character four/five/six times before you can get them out of danger."
,Recommended,237990,8954978,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,therogen,I am not a huge fan of the tactical stradegy games but this was an exception. Not only is the story amazing but keeps you attatched until the very end. Plus the art is amazing. Very Beautiful.
,Recommended,237990,13495214,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Archibald Von Hallström,"Seeing as very few people that I talk to find this game interesting, I see good reason to write a review. Banner Saga can be summed up with a few simple words, impacting RPG, challenging Combat for the one that seeks it, and strategic group management. The game takes inspiration from Nordic and Slavic mythology to form a whole new fantasy world were mankind struggle to live side by side with large human like Varls.  You will during the game follow a group of survivors that try to flee the struggles of war. It is an interesting world were even as the whole world is at war, people find small things to argue about. The artwork and music inside the game is masterful, everything is hand drawn and I for one often stuck around some areas a bit longer to just look at the background while listening to amazing soundtracks. The concept of the game is split into two phases, the roleplaying world and the battlefield. in the first one you follow a panning caravan of people as they progress the world while in the combat phase it turns into turn based combat with a very interesting health/armor system that will require you to find the best possible tactic to defeat your enemy.This is the first game in a planned series of three and it will leave you with a rather impacting cliffhanger but it also leaves you wanting more. With all the decision making inside the game the replay worth is massive, there are tons of branching stories that will challenge you to progress the story in your own way, some decisions may seem good at the beginning, but might end up getting you all killed. I recommend this game for its immerse and original story, and the strategic and tactical turn based combat."
,Recommended,237990,13210695,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,crnisokol,"+ visual style+ music+ story+ decision-making+ tactical combat+ strategic aspect of managing caravan+ addictive (just one more turn/day...)+/- much of unutilised potential- too minimalistic usage of music- very little voice-acting8,5/10"
,Recommended,237990,13133527,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Doone,"A beautiful game with a simple, but adventurous story delivered in the form of a turn-based strategy (TBS). Unlike many other TBS games, this one isn't nearly as boring. The units are interesting enough and the gameplay is just deep enough to make decisions interesting and fun in a very short amount of time. In other words, you can get in a couple of quick rounds per session and make progress through the game in far less time than traditional TBS games.The art style is worthy of awards and the story is engaging. Throughout, you'll be asked to make decisions which change what happens next. You can also raise or lower the difficulty during gameplay by making different decisions. So even if you've set the difficulty to easy, you can make decisions later which make things harder than usual, and vice versa.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy. It's the casual game of TBS and worth every penny spent."
,Recommended,237990,13587007,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Wormerine,"Never played anything quite like it. Calling it RPG with turn based combat can be a bit misleading. You don't create your character and have little impact on how the characters you control progress. Instead you will be taking control of different characters throughout the story. It is an interesting approach to the storytelling and it works really well.The gameplay is really solid. The combat has enough deapth for my taste though it is not good enough to play it just for that reason (you should try free multiplayer Banner Saga: Factions though!) but it complements the story really well. While the story is on rails and you won't be able to choose were to go. There are many tough decisions on the way you will have to make which will have repercusions in the game. Some are small and some can kill key characters. While the game always leads to the same end, the game feels very organic.The plot isn't particulary brillaint but great characters, engaging choices, stellar atmosphere, artsyle and soundtrack make it a good story. Just keep in mind it is a first chapter in the ""Saga"" so while the game has nice arc and culmination, many questions will remain unanswered. Many people complain about the ending but I thought the game ended on a strong note."
,Recommended,237990,22380862,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ChuxFlux,"I usually don't review games, but this one's an exception.This game is amazing! It has a really well-composed soundtrack that fits the theme of the game perfectly, it has a compelling storyline that will keep you hooked, a great gameplay system with choices that actually affect the gameplay, and phenomenal non-childish animation on-par with Disney. If you like turn-based combat, a good story, or a choose-your-own-adventure; then I DEFINITELY reccoment picking up this game."
,Recommended,237990,13169065,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Taranis,"A truly epic masterpiece of excellent writing, memorable characters, breathtaking scenarios and outstanding artwork that evokes the golden era of Disney animators. The turn based combat is enjoyable, but it's the story that will keep you going like a good book. The soundtrack is also hauntingly beautiful. I hope the Saga will continue in the future."
,Recommended,237990,13212276,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,keep calm,This is one of the most epic story-telling strategy rpg games out there. Definately recommend it to anyone who is willing to spare a couple of days and wants to have a memorable experience.
76561198003479161,Recommended,237990,25079719,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wizard,"I decided to give this game a shot, which I just finished. I am very surprised at how good this game was. The story was fantastic and the combat was well done. I LOVED when at a certain someone was given a Viking funeral on a burning boat. The scene and the music was spot on! The only negative thing I have to say, it took me only 21 hours to finish the game."
,Recommended,237990,10307338,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ben,"About 16 hours for me to play through it. Loved it. Bought it on sale, would have been worth it to buy full price."
76561197985650755,Recommended,237990,8711378,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dagon,"This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing good. I am very impressed, Great story, writing, lore and combat system. the only downfall would be the short length at 12-15 hours. cant wait for the next chapter."
76561198021840284,Recommended,237990,13168409,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Retromach,"Such a tragic game, at times. It tells a beautiful story very well, involving the player emotionally through the consequences of their decisions. Even when an outcome is sad, you're left to wonder if it maybe wasn't still the right thing to do.The art style is perfect to relay the feel and impact of the world. Definitely worth at least one playthrough."
,Recommended,237990,10994403,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mex,"So this is like Final Fantasy Tactics but for a modern PC era, with beautiful art and music. Pretty great turn based combat game, great story, worth your 20 dollars.I stayed up until 3am just because I wanted to see the ending, and yes it was worth it. The whole game just flew by."
76561198020123334,Recommended,237990,8927065,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Endless Cats,"Trudging through frozen wastes and gloomy forests, forever haunted by grim creatures made of stone and metal, in a world where the gods are dead and the Sun sits still in the sky. Constant fear of starving to death, witnessing the death of friends and ruination of cities, your best bet is a few axes as big as you can find, and a couple of giants to swing them.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237990,8819705,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,{N} Olse,"This game is a beautiful and awesome experience, nailing its source material's tone while keeping itself unique among the flurry of TBSRPG's that have come out into the market since XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The campaign, which takes between 8-12 hours, is well-worth the price of admission, and the game questions not your morality, nor  your honor. The game consistently questions your judgment. Let these guys into your caravan? Trust the helmeted-guy over the crazy-looking one? Send out your damage tank, leaving your archers exposed? While The Banner Saga isn't the most emotionally-impactful game I've ever played, it's probably the most sobering. I wholeheartedly recommend this game at full price.Also, you get to be a viking. :D(For the full review, click here.)"
76561197988767395,Recommended,237990,9539625,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kova,Best use of a game as storytelling I have ever experienced. If you like epic tragedy you will enjoy this.
,Recommended,237990,9049523,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,zapsta3000,Play it. Please. Just play it.
76561198102140819,Recommended,237990,8929342,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,idiotbreath,"DISNEY and GAME OF THRONES meets TACTICS and OREGON TRAIL. If you like any of these things, buy this game now.Definitely one of the best games I've ever played. A little short, but well worth it. The art is amazing. The gameplay is amazing. And the story is holycrapwhatthehell amazing.If you like sprawling epic storylines, Mass Effect-style choices and consequences, and having fun, then you will like the Banner Saga.Buy it.Oddleif 4 Life."
76561198072253629,Recommended,237990,13718463,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,danzibarzimal,"Great story, fun tactical combat, BEAUTIFUL rotoscope style. Your decisions markedly change the gameplay. Oregon trail meets Game of Thrones meets Final Fantasy Tactics."
76561197995926068,Recommended,237990,13730642,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Coderius,Yo goddam dis a good as game
,Recommended,237990,29545022,Posted: 28 January,all,david.divm,"The Banner  Saga is a beautiful tale of survival in nordic-like fantasy world. It plays itself out in two halves: as a interactive novel with slightly animated art attached (in which you pick your choices and read the text of each character), and as a turn-based tactical combat game.Pros:-Beautiful art.-Ok plot, well narrated though.-Combats are fun, and challenging in Hard difficulty.-Your march in the caravan is fun and requires resource management, plus some RPG elements involving the characters.-Apparently your decisions do alter your experience.Cons:-No voice acting, dialogs have to be read.-Open ending (there is a second part already).-Combats are ok, but several improvements can be done: clearer effects of special abilities, more variety in enemies, maps and options(IMPORTANT: I played all of the game -except the final battle- in Hard difficulty, and I noticed that playing it hard offers a more variety of enemies -more evolved, harder- than Normal difficulty).-It♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off that you would have to spend points in characters to upgrade their level just to found them killed in the storyline. Upgrading should be points free.-The caravan march is fun, but the suppossed effects are not well planned: having your people starving or simply walking will either reduce your population or lower the morale, which eventually only affects the difficulty of your combats.-I'm not sure the reach of effect that your decisions have: seems like it affects more the ""how"" the story plays out than the ""wha"" (events).I clearly see several points that I'd liked the developers to improve for the second part, but this first game is a worthy experience: yes, combat could be better; and yes, your decisions could have much more weight in the story; however, this saga, franchise, has an amazing potential in all areas; and this first part is a good proof of it.7/10"
76561198026257351,Recommended,237990,23125209,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wheezy247,"Felt like my choices mattered. Great art, great music! Alright combat, could be improved. In fact, there were instances I wish they could've gone without the combat.  However, I feel that the choices take the spotlight here, which I actually had some difficulty choosing between. Wish there was more voice acting, since a lot of the game is cutscenes, but it's not too big of a deal. Just finished, and I'm buying the sequel.8.5/10"
,Recommended,237990,31214250,Posted: 18 April,all,J3ffro,"I don't have a deep history with turn based strategy games, but I really enjoyed this. Amazing music, and good story, though it was hard to follow along in places. Part of me wants to play it over again, knowing what I know now, but I'll probably pass.There are a few mechanics that were annoying, and others that were cool, and all told I'd say it is a good game, though not a great one.I'm a little perturbed, I had no problems in combat until the final battle, and after five wipes I dropped the difficulty and walked all over them. Maybe I should have opted to fight more, but balancing resources (you use the same resource to buy more food or level up your heroes) was taxing - though I'd imagine that's exactly what they were going for.As a father of a daughter, parts of this game weighed on me more than I had anticipated it would.8/10."
76561198110376483,Recommended,237990,30846105,Posted: 30 March,all,UncivilPath,"One of my favorite games of all time. Everything about this game is incredible, the artstyle, the soundtrack, the story, the combat... You name it the Banner Saga provides. 54 out of 38"
,Recommended,237990,16578922,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Chicken Enchiladas,"A Gentleman Gamer's Review of ""The Banner Saga,"" developed by Stoic Games and designed by Alex ThomasIntroduction:- The Banner Saga is a turn and grid based, tactical RPG in the similar fashion of Final Fantasy Tactics and other games of the sort. However, the story itself is more interactive than those games, giving you, the player, choices to urging dilemmas in your journey, and your actions have parallel consequences; whether they are for the better or worse. Unlike most RPGs, The Banner Saga breaks traditional and has an icy, yet beautiful, Viking setting.Plot Summary:- The plot focuses on two different caravans with differing casts of protagonists that eventually interweaves together. You start off as an old and wise Varl, a towering race of horned vikings, named Ubin that joins a band of Varls that are tasked to escort a human prince, Ludin, to a far city to strengthen relations between the two races. The story also shifts to the perspective of a man named Rook and his daughter Alette. Unexpectedly, a third race of dark gigantic figures, known as the Dredge, threatens the existence of their world. This looming threat directs the two groups to eventually cross paths and band united as our heroes fend off this army of relentless, innumerable beings. The Dredge pillage any village in sight, fearing the end of days, they seek for a way to evade and ultimately end the Dredge horde.Presentation:- What immediately stands out from this game is its gorgeous, classic art style and animations. It is very Disney like visually; the story is anything but, however. You will soon understand that this world is a dog eat dog world; danger and death broods in the shadows. Cutscenes are very charming and well done; however, they are scarce and far apart. Even though I would like more of these crisp animated scenes, I may have become overdone and over stayed its welcome. Therefore, It is more spectacular to see a cutscene late game, because it may have lost meaning if they were at every few minutes. Though not very memorable, the music does set the tone and is relatively enjoyable; you feel the intensities of battle or the long journeys your caravans trek. However, with being such an odd setting in comparison to other RPGs, it was slow to grow accustom to the story and characters. Eventually, I became invested to the them and quite enjoyed the different personalities you mean through this adventure. One complaint I may add is at times, you are to make a decision based on situation you are in; unfortunately, a couple of times, it was vague on what I was deciding on so I just hoped I was making a keen decision, but these moments came rarely (perhaps it was poor reading on my part but I usually reread most things,)Gameplay & Mechanics:- Being a tactics game, the battle system consists of positioning your heroes on a battlefield strategically according to their attack type, specialty and so on. Some unique aspects about the battle system are: the order your units attack in is not by speed, for there are not speed stats in the game, but by order you wish you want them to move in. Another notable aspect is the Strength stat, because unlike other RPGs, your strength stat is actually two in one. It is both your HP and your physical power. As your character takes more and more damage, his or her attacks become weaker as well; therefore, you are to decide to focus on armor or strength, perhaps a balance of both. Characters in battle can exert themselves to either go farther on the map or do extra damage towards strength or armor. Every time you Rank and Promote (level up) a character, you can increase any stat of your choosing but only twice per level. This makes a simple RPG have deeper complexity. You can have other; weaker characters chip away at armor so enemies receive more damage or have a strong hitter that can go over most defences but be more vulnerable to attacks; this leaves it up to you on what you like to use in battle. However, the terrains are always flat and there are no physical obstacles or barriers in battle, just a grid. There are no random encounters in this game meaning that you can't grind and become undeniably over powered for the story; this makes the game a fair challenge through and through. When you are not in battle, you are either on travel mode or in a city. Just because you are not in battle doesn't mean you can take it easy, you must manage food supplies and make difficult choices. This can affect your morale meter. If it goes low, your party will perform poorly in battle. If one of your members falls in battle, they will be injured for a set amount of days and until they heal, they will do worse in battle. There is no perma death in battle; however, there is perma death outside of battle so think out your decisions. I reccomend for your first play through to commit to your choices even if you didn't like the outcome to create a unique experience.Final Thoughts:- I'd rather enjoyed The Banner Saga and recommend it to any RPG fans that want a refreshing take on the tactic genre. For a RPG, it's somewhat short; it taking me a good 13 hours to beat it my first go; however, seeing how my decisions affected the my journey, I would say it has replayability. The Banner Saga 2 has also been announced so if you are interested and end up enjoying the game as well, you can get right into the next journey winter of 2015. If you are still want more of this game style, there is a online game, The Banner Saga Factions; however, its user base is very thin; hopefully it grows."
,Recommended,237990,16694680,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Incarn,"Wanted to play through on normal before writing a review, now that I have this is just my opinion on the game.Pros:Interesting art style.UI is informative.Character development is solid.Sound/Music really amazing but I guess because of my Irish background I can say I like this sort of music. =PCons:Combat is somewhat shallow, really easy to pickup I guess this could be a pro also.Short, wow is the game short. (Beat it in eight hours.)Overall I recommend this game to anyone that is looking for a interesting story, it's a game that is a cross between xcom and oregon trail."
,Recommended,237990,15022127,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Mallas,"I quite enjoyed my time withThe Banner Saga. It felt to me like a mix ofThe Oregon TrailandFinal Fantasy Tactics.I liked the way that I had to balance my renown between upgrading my party and keeping the entire caravan alive. The combat was a little tough to wrap my head around at first, but it definitely made me play in a unique fashion from other tactical RPGs. Because attack power is limited by a unit's current health, and a unit from each team alternates in the turn order no matter how many characters are on each side, I found myself trying to damage enemies but leave them injured for a while instead of taking them out completely. The ability to damage armor made for some interesting decisions. (Should I hit the enemy's armor so that my archers can do more damage on their next turns, or aim for the body so they can't do as much damage to my units?) The giant Varl (and certain Dredge) take up much more space than humans, so I found positioning during battles to be incredibly important.The little events that pop up while traveling could be nail-biters at times. It was tough to figure out what might happen for each decision, and I wasn't always happy with the results, but I stuck with them anyway.I actually thought I was going to lose the final battle, but I got lucky and finished offBellowerwith an attack that only had a 20% chance of connecting. To my surprise, it was a hit! If I missed, my party would have been wiped out.I played mostly during lunch breaks at work, so I played without any sound for almost the entire game. I've heard that the soundtrack is pretty great, so maybe I did myself a disservice there.I found the world ofThe Banner Sagaintriguing, but it left many open questions so I greatly look forward to the next game in the series."
,Recommended,237990,15265423,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,NewlessCluebie,"Tactical RPG fun with a compelling theme. A few quibbles about game mechanics though - the combat mechanism encourages you to bleed enemies until they're almost dead, but not kill them until you're able to do so all at once. And the food/starvation mechanism doesn't seem to have much effect on your battles. But overall, a fun and interesting game that presents good tough choices."
,Recommended,237990,15694335,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,chuiu,"Its like final fantasy tactics style combat mixed with oregon trail.  The game is a fairly linear story that you follow but gives you dozens of choices to make along the way that ultimate affect how the game plays out.  Sometimes in very major ways, sometimes in very minor ways.  The combat is very fun and on the normal difficulty it can be challenging at times.  There are three basic class types, humans, archers, and varl.  Each have their own subtypes that determine their unique skills.  As you play through the game you can level your heroes but at the cost of renown which is used for food and other things.  The story, music, and art is amazing as well.  It was a spectacular experience playing this game."
,Recommended,237990,15062804,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LiskaST,"The game that amazed me. You will never know which decision is right until you make one. Even conventional wisdom does not work there. You need that gut feeling to progress well. If ""well"" is applied to the game at all: you are all the time on the very brink of catastrophe, and keeping fragile balance is the trickiest of the tasks. The plot is incredibly engaging, art is so elaborate and fresh. Everyone who is interested in another breath-taking adventure must venture out!<3"
,Recommended,237990,15651612,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Goodze,Great game!!!
76561198084305951,Recommended,237990,31287921,Posted: 21 April,all,Archon_Basileus,"If you like a good story, some moving moments, interesting characters and excellent strategy (much like chess), this is for you!It is not sandbox, but your choices will change the character roster and they will make a difference in several battles you'll fight.The art is... how can I put it? It's beautiful in its simplicity. Not style-beautiful, universally beautiful. Go on, take a peek. You deserve it. You owe this to yourself. Especially if you love drawing, painting and digital art.AI is nice. I'd be happy and relaxed if the story didn't put so much at stake at each battle. Man, this game kept me going, and kept me hooked!Totally recommended!P.S.: going through TBS 2 now. Where's 3, guys? C'moooon! ;)"
76561198100188228,Recommended,237990,31795556,Posted: 16 May,all,Lyrius,"An beautiful, atmospheric gem of a game.  The characters are well written, and genuinely interesting.  Making decisions that directly effect their well-being is painful, and I feel more than a little guilty for the fates that befell some of them.  The combat wasn't as fun as some other Tactical RPG's like Fire Emblem or XCOM, but I must commend it for trying to be something different.  All in all, I liek."
,Recommended,237990,31825748,Posted: 18 May,all,Uginashi,"The Banner Saga 9.5/10The Banner Saga... this game was, in my personal opinion, a diamond in the rough. I didn't expect what I got when I bought the game but, it was amazing. The game gave me shivers, made me have regrets, made me feel. Playing through it was amazing.-------PROS--------The art style is stunning.-The music perfectly fit the setting of the game.-Contrary to some people, I liked the combat quite a bit. Trying to position your units in a way that wouldn't shaft you, and utilizing your characters abilities correctly. I liked the way combat flowed.-The story was so good, like... so good.-Had a branching story line.-Your decisions really made a difference. Remember those people you helped three hours ago. Well they were bad and killed your friend.-------CONS--------I can't think of anything I really didn't like. Nothing I particularly noticed anyway. I was pretty damn immersed.All in all I'd give this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,237990,8747248,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Wally,"After just completing one playthrough I am pleased with The Banner Saga. Visually unique by its drawn artwork and backed by an amazing soundtrack makes most scenes quite interesting. While it might seem boring to watch a caravan slowly churn to the next location or waiting for the next event. I mostly just found myself drawn in. My biggest complaint, which isn't even a big one to me, is I wished more dialogue was voiced. 99% of all dialogue is text, which is fine for me to read but I'd certainly be down for Ubin (the narrator) talking more. The voice work that is there is very well done, just used sparingly.The gameplay itself is mostly broken down into two segments, the combat itself and moving around the world. Traveling has very little options on ""where to go"", but some events allow for options. The system works by having renown (currency used to upgrade heroes and buy items/supplies) balanced between having enough food to not starve, but still upgrade units. Combat can stress this because having people get injured requires rest, which takes a day of supplies to do.Ultimately it works fairly well but any nags I would have end up being drowned out by me enjoying the overall experience. It does become fairly difficult, and that was just on normal. But I bet if I replayed it I would have less issues, but I'm willing to bet hard difficulty would be a challenege.I would definetly reccomend anyone to play this game if you enjoy turn based combat games (kings bounty, might/magic, etc) or someone who just enjoys a good world to sink yourself into.For whats basically a 3 man made game for ~700k. I am quite content with what was released from my original backing. I am definetly looking forward to seeing chapter 2/3"
,Recommended,237990,8972084,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Taetoe,Only a couple hours in and thoroughly impressed. It's a lot like some of the older adventure games with the combat playing out like shining force. Highly recommended
76561198030242531,Recommended,237990,8709702,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Split2nd,"I've only had the pleasure of playing for a few minutes thus far, but I think I can safely say that this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. It's a stunning panorama of Nordic art that holds both elegance and simplicity worthy of a fine graphic novel or top notch animation studio. The music too is excellent.The gameplay itself feels slick, simple, and efficient. Again, I've yet to play as far as some, but already I find myself enjoying this  excellent minimalist RPG. It feels fresh in a way I haven't seen in a while, and leaves me wanting more and wishing more game studios would try to branch out from the norm and take up the banner Stoic has so firmly planted."
76561198003723131,Recommended,237990,32910139,Posted: 27 June,all,Itachi118,"-No Spoilers-The Banner Saga is a great experience from start to finish with only minor problems.The Banner Saga look great! It looks so good in fact that you hardly realize that there is not as many animations as you might be lead into thinking. The character tend to repeat animations a lot and the character sprites that are used in combat all fit into a few groups but unless you read this you probably wouldn't even notice it or if you did you probably would have moved on too quickly to care. The graphics keep you interested in the different backgrounds and character a lot more than the game designers expected, I for one would sit and stare at the characters faces because they had a almost disney feel and because of that I ended up noticing a few repeated animations.The gameplay is spot on with characters that feel like they are capable in a fight but weak alone. Many times I felt I could send in a single unit to deal with what would be a simple fight only for them to lose which leads me into my next section.The difficulty is another great feature which feels well crafted. I just mention how difficult it was and that was because I was on the hardest difficulty and even then I went through a good portion of the game without losing a searious fight. I say that because one of the things that the game doesn't explain well is that losing all of your units in a single fight does NOT always cause a GAME OVER. Sometimes the game will continue on with you being at a disadvantage which is more often than not and having played it on the highest level to start I felt weak the entire game. At points I felt like I would have to start another game because of my past decisions only to reach the next checkpoint and while I give it some flak for that, the game is significantly easier on lower difficulty settings which makes it easy to enjoy the story without feeling like you are getting off too easy.One of the major problems I have with the game and the only one that I can actually say bothered me was how the game treats the player. Many situations have a okay answer and a bad answer with the bad one usually sounding the best. Now this wouldn't be a big deal if the game warned players in a sutle way but most the time I felt like my decisions just ended up being traps and not making as much sense as you might expect. A example not from the game would be a roving pack of grandmothers who ask for a bit of food and when you decide to help they come back for more and more until you deny them only to get stabbed and attacked by a group of grandmothers!?! I took that out of a joke encounter in Fallout 3 but The Banner Saga is not above these kind of situations. -That being said I cannot fault the game for this style and it really playes with the feelings the player should have while playing the game.By the end of the game I felt like I had taken the journey alongside the characters and I was happy to see that the second game is already out. I bought it immediately after finishing."
76561198043278967,Recommended,237990,18983657,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hoddmimir,"3/5 Story3/5 Gameplay3/5 Graphics2/5 Music2/5 Replay ValueAlthough The Banner Saga is a tactical rpg, it is a distinct departure from other games with that label. The story is more linear, the composition of your party more limited, and the battle options less diverse. Nevertheless, it is an intriguing game.The story focuses on the survival (rather than adventure and exploration) of two seperate groups traveling from one city to the next. Your caravan is composed of hundreds of npcs rather than just a party of a dozen or so like in many games and it is important to procure enough resources to feed them all. If you don't your clansmen and fighters begin to die off or abandon you. Likewise it is important to maintain good morale by resting during your travels, but doing so uses up a day's supplies without making any progress. It can be difficult to strike a balance especially since your resource for buying supplies is the same resource you use to level up your hero units and buy items to give them boosts.Sometimes throughout the game you will engage in a War event in which you choose whether to attack aggressively, defend yourselves, or even run away. This decision determines how difficult your battle with the enemy will be and how many casualties your bulk forces will suffer. Additionally throughout the game random events will occur requiring you to make leadership decisions, like whether or not to aid the sick and injured, how to handle a drunkard, or whether or not to give in to bandits. These decisions are presumably meant to give you the sense that you truly are part of a large caravan of people, but you never have the option to talk with random clansmen on your own, or interact with them in any meaningful way. Essentially every clan interaction is a text box and a few options to choose from. Personally it fails to give me that immersive quality I was hoping for.There is a vast map for the game world but you don't get to choose where to go or what route to take so the map hardly serves any purpose at all. Additionally it detracts from the beauty found in other areas of the game with it's childish scrawl and rough depiction. Similarly jarring are the many Godstones your caravan passes on it's travels. Each one is an opportunity to earn a special item but it is also a massive eyesore on the landscape and I hated having to see one each time. Otherwise the art was generally quite attractive with sweeping landscapes and beautiful splashes of color.Battles employ an interesting mechanic in which your health and your attack are the same stat. As a character loses health they also less effectively. Characters also have an armor statistic that reduces damage they take from enemy attacks. So for most battles the goal is to reduce your opponent's armor until you are able to deal damage to their strength and kill them. While some strategy is involved essentially the game amounts to beating on your opponent until you win. What little variety in abilities and strategic options exists is hindered by the lack of characters to choose from who employ them. Each character, with few exceptions is unique, but it's impossible to level them all up so you generally end up choosing the strongest few and sticking with them. Completley ignoring the rest of your party.I was also displeased to realize that if a character was equipped with one of my items when they left or were killed for story purposes, I lost the item forever. This made me paranoid about my party equipment and I would unequip everything from my characters after every fight, just in case.Ultimately the rpg aspects of the game fell flat for me and the story didn't feel substantial enough, but the overall mood of the game and the unique battle system and story progressing were intriguing. It feels to me like an unfinished game in desperate need of polish and expanding. Nevertheless I do believe it is worth playing, even if it leaves you feeling a bit unsatisfied and wanting more."
76561198042721859,Recommended,237990,16818236,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Oro,"What is there to say about The Banner Saga?It's near-perfect for one. The visuals are wonderful 2D Disneyesque paintings. The soundtrack, though somewhat sparse, really hits home when it's allowed to shine.The real pillars of game design, though, story and gameplay, are what really holds the thing together.The gameplay is split between dialogue choices, travelling supply management, and turn-based tactical skirmishes. The skirmishes are masterfully done, although a bit easy for strategy veterans like myself (still haven't played the game on very hard, though). The travelling sections are what caught me, I'd almost always go for days, sometimes weeks, without supplies, watching clansmen and soldiers fall left and right. Really, though, there are very few consequences for it, besides a last stand segment near the end where your warriors slowly tick away buying time for you to do things. It felt both forced and pointless, and while it helped my immersion early on, I realized that it didn't matter about midway through the game.The dialogue ties in more with the story, which is a mix of Walking Dead style branches and convergence (some things will happen no matter what you do) and meaningful decisions. There was only one point in the game where I felt one of the plot trees failing, and you'll know it when you get there (although it can also be skipped around with some finagling.)As for the story bits you can't control? Feels.Too many feels.10/10"
76561198102938749,Recommended,237990,23869090,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LaGoonch,"Banner Saga is a beautiful, investing game, but it defiitely has its issues. If you buy items or stumble upon them you can never sell them in favor of better items, food, or to upgrade your characters instead. The game is also incredibly short, allows you to make decisions that you'd think would have severe consequences as far as the story goes but don't, and worst of all, feeding your caravan isn't necessary. You don't need them. You can just let them all starve to death and you'll be perfectly fine, and so basically you're simply spending renown for nothing."
,Recommended,237990,12468164,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rhodin,"I am an artist, and I cannot praise the visual design and storytelling of this game enough. Is it a perfect game? No, but I still love it.Little needs to be said about the striking graphics, which seem lifted directly from a high-budget animated feature, so this review focuses mainly on gameplay. The battle sequences are what initially drew me to the game, in part because I prefer turn-based strategies to RTS. Elements of the battles remind me of the ""Tactics"" games (Ogre Tactics, Final Fantasy Tactics, etc.), which is a good thing. The system is carefully thought out, and a few bad decisions can see a character knocked out and unable to fight for one or more in-game days. This does create some potential for replayability, as a later run through would allow you to make different choices, but at this point, replayability is not something I see as a strength in the game. Why? That has to do with what happens outside the battles.Unsurprisingly, one must consider resources, which is standard fare in a TBS. But in the dialogues that occur, one's choices can mean losing characters, both individuals and groups. More so than most other games, there is a sense of permanence in these decisions, which brings to mind one of the strongest elements of this game: storytelling.Although the pacing often seems very slow—particularly when walking from one area to another—the story that unfolds is brilliant. On many occasions I found myself wishingThe Banner Sagawasa feature film so that I could just sit back and watch it happen.Overall, I highly recommend this game to fans of strategy games, with the caveat that those who prefer twitchy RTS games will probably find this too slow paced. For those new to strategy games, it may still be worth it, if only to enjoy the beautiful graphics and compelling storyline.Graphics: 9.5/10Audio: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Replayability: 6/10Overall: 9/10"
76561198000776206,Recommended,237990,24810856,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Eniri,"Some games you can just tell that the creators loved them.  The care, the atmosphere, the characters, story and pacing are all beautiful.  I am the sort of person easily turned off by games you 'watch' instead of play, but there are exceptions out there and this is one.  The isometric battles are frankly not that great, the atmosphere is what makes this.How many games are there where you can't wait to finish the battle to find out what happens next in the story?  Can't think of another right now.  Superb...  Off to buy 2."
,Recommended,237990,12998569,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,LoGrande,"I recommend this game but with some caution: here's why.The game is still in some early development, and you can see bits of it in its playthrough. For example, you have three stats that represent your community: clansmen, fighters, and varls (giants). Throughout the story you make many decisions - some may end a characters life - but most of them augment your ability to keep your clansmen alive. The clansmen do NOTHING by the end of the game. Having lots is the exact same (as far as I can tell) as having few. What would be excellent for the developers to do, is to allow different decisions to arise based on your stats - for example: an event might only happen if your have poor morale, or a whole bunch of clansmen. Furthermore, although it is hard to write, make the decisions change the story permanently, and derail the plotline into something new (in particular there is one decision like this in the game and it is excellent!).The games inception is excellent. You definitely feel as if your are part of a big world; the culture, music, characters, and even the art style all help contribute to this excellent asset. Unfortunately this alls falls a little short at the end of the game, because it is the first part of a yet to be developed trilogy, and the game ends rather suddenly (although the ending is pretty interesting)In sum, this game has absolutely huge potential, and the developers are taking feedback to heart for the second and third games. I recommend this game, but for its price, you might want to wait it out and see how the second game is recieved. Pick it up if it is on sale, or if you want to support the game's potential."
,Recommended,237990,22340532,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Xaneorath,"I played this game about half-way in so far, and I can only recommend it.It has an beautiful artstyle, an interesting story and generaly an incredibly well done atmosphere.Many negative reviews critisize the combat system. However, I do not think the unique combat system of this game is a flaw. It's an authentic design choice, making Banner Saga an interesting alternative to the ""usual"" RBS.Especialy on hard mode it becomes quite challenging, considering you will likely lose units from it, it adds to the strategic choices you have to take outside of the battle. Will you rest some more, to get you heroes back up, allthough you might soon run out of supplies? Or will you march on regardless, hoping that you can avoid fights for now? Or maybe you got some more heroes, which can substitute for the missing ones, while they tend to their wounds.Nope. Can't say I find the combat system ""flawed"" or ""broken"". It's an unique and interesting distinct flavour, working well together with the game as a whole."
76561198072150884,Recommended,237990,10482145,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Eyvind,"Beautifully, Horrifically, Amazingly, heartbreakingly Sad , Thats what I love about it, it also has the graphics of aSexy Disney movie and the battle system is very good with very fluid animations, I would recommend this to any stratagist gamer (such as myself.)I Love it."
76561198036874457,Recommended,237990,29323614,Posted: 17 January,all,gbigdan,"Somehow I put off buying or seriously looking at this game until the second game came out, and I am blown away! It has everything I enjoy the most in a game: just one more turn feeling, getting lost inside and looking up to discover several hours have past, and just the right level of difficulty. The graphics are beautiful and the game has been lovingly crafted by devs who CARE about their product. Lastly, the game is priced properly at $19.99 and worth EVERY penny. My new favorite game, and it proves that small indie games CAN compete with the big boys and do a much better job..."
,Recommended,237990,12290123,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SPOOKHUNT,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing Banner Saga. I enjoyed the art work, though at certain times the scenes were a bit long and repetative (such as watching your part slowly move across a backdrop that looks similar or repeated.) The whole Banner Saga universe is quite interesting, though I would have loved to learn more about the Varl.The same is simplistic in some ways, but the story itself is great. The different options you have for decision making, and the result of the decision making, seemed a bit random at times but in a hostile environment like your heroes face in the game, you never know how your story will go.I spent about 6 or 7 hours through my first play through and will likely go back and see whatever endings or outcomes I can get."
,Recommended,237990,18431747,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,raf!,"The Banner Saga is by far one of my dearest, most admirable games in my Steam gallery. The visuals and the audio are impressive, creating an immersive atmosphere with colourful environments, dream-like landscapes and much love for nordic culture. While I'm not an expert in TBS - far from it actually - the game has clear mechanics, so you get to worry about your strategies rather than actually understanding the game. Be prepared, though, for tough fights, some of them changing the course of the story and making a real difference in the world.Last but not least, the art is worth a paragraph of its own. Gorgeous-looking landscapes and characters, a deep, dynamic soundtrack that fits the mood of every battle - composed by Austin Wintory (Journey!)  with violins performed by Taylor Davis (yes, the one you know from YouTube!).Highly recommended!"
76561198045679417,Recommended,237990,13688451,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,botzman,"The BEST turn-based combat in video games.It is not an RPG, it is in fact a series of games of highly original chess with fantasy-like Scandinavia-themed pieces. And this chess is wrapped into a very engaging story where you make decisions which affect what pieces you're going to play the next game with. If you like sophisticated turn-based tactical combat (somewhat but not exactly similar to XCOM, Divinity: Original Sin, King's Bounty), you will appreciate it."
,Recommended,237990,28306373,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,"The Banner Saga is not for everyone. I'm not everyone though I love the stories that are portrayed, the atmosphere, the music, the general melancholy vibe that I get from a lot of Nordic materials and other things that specify how Viking culture was in the Germanic age. Now with that being said I usually favor action based games, but this game is not that, and that's not bad. It makes me feel like my decisions matter in this universe that has been crafted in front of me and that's what I love about it. If I mess up then my party tells me and if I bring reknown to the party they exonerate and exalt me. It puts me in a different world where things matter and people depend on me. Great game definitely a buy for the price point. (y)"
,Recommended,237990,29405789,Posted: 21 January,all,ghostmourn,"The Banner Saga is a hand crafted masterpiece with hands down the best artwork I have seen in a game to date.The Banner Saga is the first in a trilogy of games where you play a hero given the responsiblity of leading a ragged caravan of fighters, faimilys and Varl (Giant horned Viking like charters often depicted in game art.) under your Banner - and tword saftey in a breaking world, where all races are forced into a struggle for resources and survival.Excellent writing leads to a well crafted feeling of the desperation of your situation and the story quickly draws you in. The choices are hard and often involve sacrifice making your decision really seem to matter.(I advise you skip all the online guides & tutorials for this game and just play by your wit.)Mixed in with the RPG format is a a unique turn based combat system you can really dig your teeth into, refreshing and challenging, a real tacticions treat.I can't recomend The Banner Saga enough, while it does have several shortcomings to do with choice and consequence they are vastly overshadowed by the great character of the game.Grab some coffee and buckle up your in for a real treat 9/10"
,Recommended,237990,8722496,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,MarcoDeGammo,If Game of Thrones was about Vikings and was animated by Disney and it was a game that played like Final Fantasy Tactics with a splash of Oregon Trail you would have The Banner Saga.Thats not a bad thing.
,Recommended,237990,21427838,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,人形,"WHAT IS THE BANNER SAGA?The Banner Saga is an epic role-playing game inspired by Viking legend. She filled with dead gods, apocalyptic events and somber landscapes juxtaposed with beautiful shots of your caravan, all brought to life by breathtaking art and animations.The Banner Saga is set in a Nordic fantasy universe where giants (named varls) live alongside humans. The game alternates between two intertwining stories — one starring human archers Rook and his daughter Alette, and the other following a varl consortium led by Hakon.Over 25 playable characters, 7 different classes, each with unique abilities and upgrade options to fit your play style.Decisions have consequences. Every decision, no matter how small, render an impact on the story.Turn-based strategy. The turn-based tactical combat is reminiscent of classics.Renown is hard to come by — only success in battle will net you enough, and it's the only currency you can use to grab supplies and items. These, in turn, are necessary to keep you in fighting shape. It's a tough but fair system.The Banner Saga wants you to have to fight to stay alive, and I loved it for that. I could not put it down."
76561198042058547,Recommended,237990,30183235,Posted: 25 February,all,Vermin Supreme,a beautifuly realized turn based rpg. very nice artstyle.dialogue and lore seem very good so far.and im really invested in the story.choices are interesting and matterwill update review once i played more of it.
76561197991657927,Recommended,237990,9490792,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,MrMuse,"I'd say that the metacritic score for TBS is fairly accurate. However, it isn't exactly a true traditional RPG as described. In fact it's a turn-based tactical RPG in the mould of Agarest etc. It is refreshingly original in its setting and themes and the combat is quite interesting. It appears to be a little on the short side and is not without other issues but, nevertheless, remains a very good game all round and there is at least a measure of replayability for those who like to discover alternate ways of completing the game. Its main drawback is that the ""random"" encounters just aren't random enough and trial and error will leave you knowing the best response to most situations. Faults aside, I really enjoyed playing this and its price presents good value for what you get. 80%"
,Recommended,237990,28911479,Posted: 1 January,all,Mohaihai,"This game is great. The story is gripping, the choices you make matter. You really start to care about the caracters. Finished in one sitting. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,237990,13385316,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sandalwood,"The Banner Saga's unique flavour first caught my attention when it was first hinted over a year ago.  It has a unique art style and the music and mood set a steady tone from the very beginning.  I expected a rich story and interesting characters and, while I wouldn't say that I'm disappointed, it does come off as a wounded product in some regards.Don't get me wrong!  I love the game and the story is deep and dark enough to add gravity to every decision you make.  The creators did an excellent job of giving the player powerful agency in developing their story--a weight and caution in your tactics that I have only seen elsewhere in Fire Emblem games.  The consequences of your actions are severe enough that you will take your time and address every issue with the true consideration of a leader of men and varl.  The pace of the game is also quite nice; I finished my playthrough in about eight hours.  I had expected more, but on the same note, I consider this game to have exceptional replay value.  I see myself completing it in full at least one more time, perhaps even a third.My gripes with the game generally submerged in the latter half.  The story is steady and alluring in the early chapters, but once you reach the halfway point, it begins struggling to play catch-up and develop the world it somewhat neglected while it was busy developing the characters and their conflict.  It's very rushed and, without spoiling anything here, it feels like every major event introduces more questions than it answers.  The end of the game does not feel so much like the end of a game as the end of a single episode.  It is my hope that Banner Saga 2 will come to be and fill in the blanks.  Voice acting would have done wonders to add further depth to this story as well and I hope the creators will keep that aim in mind.All in all, while I may have had somewhat unfair and lofty expectations from a game that brandished such a beautiful first impression, I would say that I remain pleased with the result.  This game is well worth your dollar and I hope that you will play through it more than once to experience the variety in the secrets of paths less travelled.  Cheers!"
76561198376593967,Recommended,237990,33172080,Posted: 3 July,all,thesage1202,"Brilliant storyline, interesting and meaningful choices, large cast of characters with unique personality and skills. The nordic style mythos and general aesthetic are huge boons to a game like this. Highly recommend this game to any fans of the Dragon Age franchise, all in all it's an A+ from me."
76561198031449148,Recommended,237990,8718142,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Camrobb,"I have to say, this game is an absolute success, probably my favorite genre of game (Fire Emblem-esque strategy rpg), and has a deep backstory and setting as well. That alone would make it 8/10 minimum, but I think the deciding factor for me was the type of situations they threw at you as far as being the leader of a caravan in a nigh-apocolyptic situation.It's bleak to say the least.The world seems to come apart at the seams at a wildly quick pace, it's an absolute nightmare to manage and navigate. I was robbed, beaten, betrayed, almost murdered, and lost a fifth of my caravan to attrition during a bad stretch of road that would have been survivable, if not for the previously mentioned murderous thieves. I lost at least two characters to unforeseen (not plot related) events, and I loved every second of it.It's a leadership simulation at it's finest, that does not coddle you at all. This game really drives the point that being a leader is not being a cheerleader and making speeches every ten seconds, or planning your every move like you're playing chess, it's making hard decisions. Making decisions that could as easily lose you half your supplies or kill your most valuable fighter, as gaining fighters that are direly needed, or creating a distraction so that your caravan may pass to the next town.It's incredibly shocking to lose in-game characters to out-of-combat events, but it really helped suck me into the game. I was completely immersed with the dire need to see that caravan through everything, and seeing that my decisions were being affected by conditions completely outside of my control could not have been more depressing. It was the kind of depression that comes with leadership, watching men die because you had chosen incorrectly, and having to pick yourself up and keep moving, because that's what the caravan needs.This is the kind of game that cements video games as a legitimate form of expression instead of childish escapism, and it does it tastefully without any pretentious subtext, very impressive for a kickstarter."
76561197999286442,Recommended,237990,8719966,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ManifoldMan,"its just too short, 12 hours and done."
,Recommended,237990,8737482,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Hot Mummy,A pretty good turn based strategy game/RPG. The ending comes out of NOWHERE though. I have heard that there are going to be multiple parts to the game however. When you look at it this way the ending makes more sense. If you like turn based strategy similar to Fire Emblem you might just like this too.
,Recommended,237990,8709805,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ark,"I'm loving it...and you will, too.The history and the art blends perfectly, with a really good script, full of decisions for you to make.This kind of game (TRPG) tend to make the same mistake: Put too much weight on the fight side, but little on the rest.Here is the other way around:All you do is for the sake of the history line. Because you want it to unveil. And in the process you get atached to the characters.-Extremely Beautiful Art-Great Script and Characters-Enough complex battle systemIf you like TRPGs, this is your game ;)"
76561197997753843,Recommended,237990,8735702,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Sol,"Fantastic game! For those who don't know, this is part 1 of a trilogy. The ending seems unresolved unless you know this. Enjoy!"
76561198044591216,Recommended,237990,8737593,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,FrigginAwesome,"I enjoyed this game. I'm writing this review, having beaten it perhaps ten minutes ago. It wasn't a long game, but it was worth the play through. I'll certainly play through it again, and probably soon.The tactics were interesting, the moral decisions heartbreaking. The ending is what you make it to be, but expect loss whichever path you take.I am filled with an odd, hollow sensation at the completion of this game. It is not the pure satisfaction derived from the completion of a game with a satisfactory conclusion, but the mixed pleasure and pain of victory and defeat.I hope there will be a sequal."
76561197966496380,Recommended,237990,8740527,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,The Pharmanator,"The Banner Saga is a game with rich story and characters. Painstaking detail has been devoted to the artwork, music, and story. This is a game for those that want to be immersed in an epic. If you are looking for a game with a lot of combat, this is not for you."
,Recommended,237990,8750597,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ashthepeasant,"I enjoyed the short but sweet experience of playing Banner Saga (apparently the first of a trilogy; if the rest will ever be made).The story is interesting, and the writings excellent.The out-of-battle aspect of this game revolves around making choices on conversations and choices of action, as you would, as  a leader of a wandering pack.The overall game feels short, however it does provide an enjoyable ride.Hoping the sequels will be made, and this will truly be one of the most beautiful and enjoyable game I've played."
76561198006590585,Recommended,237990,8738610,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Garoompahfah,"So... it's the first of three PLANNED games. That is to say, it ends mid-story. I mean, there's a relatively major event that occurs, but instead of the story continuing to a point where the overall issues can be remotely resolved, the game ends. So... you're buying a third of a game where the rest may never be made.Otherwise, it's pretty and it plays pretty well. I got about 10 hours out of it, and there might be some replay value in it after a while."
76561198025585288,Recommended,237990,8721439,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,MystRunner916,I eyed this game for about a week before I bought it as a pre-order. Mostly I was eyeing the graphics as they looked amazing and truely are a treat for the eyes. Once the game was unlocked and I could play I enjoyed the storyline and gameply just as much. As most people have said it is an isometric tactics styled game with some feel of FFT and other such games. The story line is interesting and the characters have some wonderful temperments thrown in. I've found the combat system rather interesting as you can go into a battle with the same people and some times not come out with the same result every time. I am really enjoying this game everytime i start it up to play and highly recomend it to other people as well.
76561197976209434,Recommended,237990,8732821,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Forkbeard,"The first 30 minutes or so of this game are a little slow, as you have yet to make any decisions of consequence. However, the rest of the game is amazing - the tactical battles are difficult but not impossible, the artwork and music are gorgeous, and the story and writing is mindblowing. The travelling/story sections of the game truly get you into the game, and the decisions you make within those sections both matter AND feel difficult. Can you afford to welcome more travellers in your band? What if you don't have enough food? What if they turn on your later? You even use the same currency to upgrade your units as you do to buy travelling supplies, so you have to balance unit training and watching your entire caravan starve.Truly amazing. Would buy again at twice the price."
76561197995550293,Recommended,237990,8735279,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Clockwork,Absolutely beautiful.  Entirely engrossing.  Wonderfully fun.
,Recommended,237990,8736658,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Reverend,"have you ever read a great book and thought ""this would make a great game""?play banner saga.Now you can play a great game and think ""This would make a great book"""
,Recommended,237990,8736666,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[KRAKEN]wesruv,"I'm a few hours in.Solid game play, beautiful art, interesting story. I'm loathed to play Skyrim and Dragon's Age because of overcomplicated and uninteresting story and gameplay, this is keeping my interest quite well."
76561198048779519,Recommended,237990,8737020,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,An Undead Knight,"Final Fantasy Tatics meets the Oregon Trail. The Gods of this world have died and the world has fallen stagnent as legions of stone Giants called Dredge begin to fill the land. Holy crap this game is a doozy. It's story book Norse ""viking"" astetic is absolutely gorgious from the first to the last minute of the game, and the music always masterfully and amazingly fits the tone of the story.The gameplay itself consists of mainly 3 parts.-Combat-Making difficult choices-Managing your caravan and refugees.Combat is difficult. The AI is smart and spot on so you better bring your A-game. If you've played the likes of Fire Emblem or Final Fantasy Tatics you'll get the basic elements but others might have a bit harder time.Choices are by far the defining part of the 3. You will often make choices that will at first may seem simple or obvious but will have far reaching consiquences. A simple press of a button and 1 or 2 of your parties members will die, no matter how strong they are. This merits making sure you think over each choice. At times, there are choices you must make that simply make your heart pound, your mind race as you think of the consequences.Managing your caravan is simple, but not easily done. Morale and food are what you need to keep your band of weary refugees moving....but this is not a easy task. Not in the slightest. The aforementioned choices may very well make your caravan's abysmal morale into normal or good...while another may drain all of your supplies or end up with members dead.One thing that may catch people off guard is it's length and the lack of manual saving. The lack of manual saving is obviously there to prevent or discrouage save scumming. Whats the purpose of having life and death choices if you just reload after your Varl(friendly horned giants in this world) gets killed. The length it self actually caught me off guard since I felt there are some plot points that the story did not resolve and were very important, but we will see if said points are explained if there is a sequal(which I most certainly hope there is)I didn't really know what I was getting into when I bought this but I'm certainly glad I did. Banner Saga is grueling, hard, and beautiful. When you have moments of peace while playing the game, you find yourself as relaxed and releived as the characters are. I absoultely recomend any fans of tatcial stratagy, epic fantasy tales, or people looking for a different experience to give this game a whirl. ""We may not survive, but will all be remembered!"""
76561197995402611,Not Recommended,237990,13482777,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fancy Tuesday,"What's here is very engaging, the problem is it's not all here.  Saying ""The Banner Saga is the first part of a planned trilogy"" at the bottom of the expanded ""read more"" section apparently gives the dev team carte blanche to dice up a cohesive story and sell it to you one part at a time.In a trilogy each episode has to stand on its own, have its own arcs and resolutions even if it's part of a greater arc.  The Banner Saga leaves everything up in the air, ending abruptly after terminating a single minor character arc in a moment of cutscene-forced incompetence.  It isn't a natural end to a story, in context it begins way more character development than it concludes and it feels as though the game is just throwing up its hands and saying ""that's about a third of the story, roll credits.""Imagine if Baldur's Gate II ended right after you arrive in the Kuo-Toa city, or if Dragon Age: Origins cut off when the Antivan Crows ambush you, then they asked you to buy the rest of the game a few months down the line.  Cutting this story up the way they have they didn't even try to bring the game to a natural conclusion, they're simply forcing it to be a trilogy.The aesthetics are solid, the combat is serviceable and the caravan mechanics reinforce the tone and setting of the game.  But the bottom line is you're coming to this game for the narrative and your agency within it, that's what you want from a team with this pedigree and that's what it's being sold on.  It's a good story well told, but it stumbles massively on a single bad design choice that thoroughly spoils the experience as a stand-alone game.Other quibbles: lack of cloud and controller support.Assuming the quality of the writing remains consistent buy it when you can pick up all 3 in a bundle.  As it is now, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,237990,11772174,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,KAIYOTE,"I just finished the game mostly offline, so don't let my low hour record fool you.The Banner Saga is an imperfect jewel. It's clear that what it contains is beautiful, but there are a few problems. I won't go into it at length - the bottom line is that it's a great game and worth playing. One playthough will last you about 10-12 hours on Normal, well worth the cost of entry.To be brief: The game is beautiful, from stem to stern. Its visuals are like a hyper-realistic fever dream of Saturday morning cartoons drenched in the beauty of a thousand years of northern European history and design cues. The music from Austin Wintory (of Journey fame - the game, not the band) consistently floored me. You spend quite a bit of time simply watching your caravan mosey along from crushing disappointment to miserable turn of events to death and misery - and the music is what makes it intense and enjoyable.If I had to describe the gameplay, I would call it Oregon Trail Tactics Emblem. As you move from place to place on your journey, you are presented challenges. The right answer may not always be clear, but you always have to make a choice and reap whatever consequences or rewards that come. This makes every decision intense, as you weigh between three or four different possibilities, any one of which could lead you to starvation, death, or an unexpected moment of kindness. The battles are where the Tactics part comes into play. If you like Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, or XCOM, you're pretty familiar with how this works. There is a lot of room for strategy, employing big hulking Varl or your shield bearers to both block movement and set up counterattacks, while having your archers strategically placed to persecute weakened enemies.All of that sounds positive, and it is. However, here's the imperfect part: The story, while in my opinion quite good and entertaining, feels like the first few chapters of a book. Or like a story that ends at the beginning of the first part of what should be a trilogy - like Lord of the Rings just suddenly stopping at the end of The Fellowship of the Ring. It is a tremendous climax, coming at the end of a very difficult trial, with absolutely no resolution after the fact. I had bought up a huge amount of supplies expecting an epic journey afterward, and right after the following battle I was treated to a (very moving) cinematic and the credits.The reason I am annoyed by this is because I desperately wanted more. I was misty-eyed by the end, but ready to forge onward. It was, to say the least, disappointing.However, all I can do is hold out hope that Stoic produces a sequel worthy of picking up the banner and carrying onward."
,Recommended,237990,15615330,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"The Banner Saga is a Strategy RPG that excels in presentation and storytelling, but falls a tiny bit flat in combat.The game is based heavily on Norse mythology, in a world where longships and horsetravel is gone, and the primary mode of transporation is ox pulled carts and long, long caravans on foots. The gods are dead and gone, and men and Varl (giants)  seek to eke out an existence among the frozen north in the wake of wars against the Dredge, massive stone-golem-like creatures. You play as several of the caravans, trekking across the world as the Dredge begin to return.The game primarily plays out betwene two phases: Overworld and combat. The worldworld phase is your caravan travelling across the world, conusming supplies, and interacting with random events that can be good or bad, picking up new members of your caravan, and sometimes party members. You must track your caravan's food supply and their morale, as low supplies causes your caravan to starve, nad low morale decreases your units' Willpower in combat, Renown is the currency for the game, and it's used to level up units, buy supplies, and buy items. The best way to get Renown is to fight. So you'll be doing a lot of fighting.Combat is turn based S-RPG fare. You get many party members, and almost every party member is their own class with their own active ability. Passives tend to be shared among archetypes: Archers, Melee damage dealers, tanky characters, etc. Characters level up as they personally accrue kills, so if you want to level up a character, you need to ensure they ge tthe killing blow. This becomes an issue later as future characters join at levle 1, and can't handle the rigors of combat well enough, often, to be handed kills in combat that comes to the wire at times.In combat, units have Armor, Strength, and Willpower, along with Exertion and Armor Break values. Strength doubles as your damage as well as your HP, so a weakened unit will do only very minor damage. Armor helps mitigate damage, and high armor can even give dodge-deflection chance to attacks. Willpower allows a unit to gain a 1 for 1 advantage on attacks, or moving, giving an etxra edge. Exertion determines how much willpower can be spent on an action, and Armor Break determines how much Armor a character can shatter. As a character attacks, they cna attack Armor or Health. Armor must be broken, otherwise only you rmost powerful character swill barely scratch foes. By breaking amror, you open them up to future, highher damage from all characters, and so you want to have at least a few charatcer swith powerful armor break stats, and then powerful Strength attacks to followup for the kill. Combat turns alternate betwene you and the enemy, regardless of numeric advantage, and so a smaller party will act individually more often than a larger one. Ths leads to a prevailing combat strategy: Break Armor -> Maim units to 1 HP so they can't hurt you and enemies have to ""waste turns"" with weake, useless units -> clean up. This flow meant much of the time, I wasn't using active abilities, sinc ejust smashing their armor and then Strength attacing wa smuch more effective. This, along with only a few enemy variations, meant combat became formulaic after being figured out.The story and music, and artstyle is fantastic, with huge, spanning panoramas as you travel. The presentation is beautiful, and the game ends on a cliffhanger with a sequel not out yet, multiplayer arenas notwithstanding. My only other minor complaint is probably not a real complaint: There are dialog choices with will, very abruptly, end in character deaths. You are not refunded the Renown spent on levelling up the character. Other characters will only join for a very biref time and then depart, taking kills and renown with them. It can be frustrating to have a character all game, and then realize because of one dialog choice made over half the game ago, a character was doomed to death with no chance to save him. You could argue this means all choices have real consequences. I would argue it was more frustrating than pathos creating. If a Renown refund had occured, I wouldn't have minded.Despite that, I would recommend the game, if you're OK with slightly repetitive combat. It's not FULLY replayable in that you'll see ""new content"", but you could make the choices you didn't before. Some of them result in characters leaving, joining, or otherwise interacting in ways they wouldn't have otherwise. It is possible to kill damn near everyone in your caravan by the end of the game. Impressive or depressing: Your call."
76561198038963412,Recommended,237990,13783684,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,C0untzer0,"8/10 Beautifully tragic taleI finished this game and now I have a sad.While I recommend this game, I know it's not for everybody. The turn based combat system at its heart draws a lot of fire, but a lot more praise. This can be tried beforehand, I suggest you take a look by playing the free ""Factions"" game. If the fighting, and the artstyle appeal to you, then by the love of the dead gods get the full game and then make hard choices about your caravan. The caravan part is superficially like Oregon Trail with a twist. The RPG parts with developing a team of heroes fit for a saga takes a lot of thought. keeping your playable heroes alive and content to the final showdown is a lot harder than it sounds, and you can't just throw around the loots and promotions. Watching somebody run charging into a horde of enemies withh your best rare magic item and half your caravan's XP is a real tragedy, especially with the permadeath..."
,Recommended,237990,16592423,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,belsammael,"A wonderful little gem I found at the Steam Sales. If you're a fan of North-European Mythology (from which the game draws inspiration), Strategy RPG's (think: Shining Force) and an epic storyline, then look no further. The world is ending, a horde of iron giants is invading and you can feel the desperation growing as the game progresses, and you lead an ever growing (or shrinking, depending on how things go) caravan of clansmen across the known world.The main currency is Reknown, which is used to buy food and items, but also to upgrade your units, leading to difficult decisions: will you invest in more food to keep casualties minimized? Or will you level up your units for the battles ahead?"
,Recommended,237990,16683886,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,QoMSoL,"A good game overall.Nice art design, ok music (nothing incredibly awesome), good combat model though pretty simple and confusing a bit.Buuuuuuuut! I would only give this game 3/5 because of the final battle. It really sucks. It's been 14 hours of pretty enjoyable gameplay and the last hour I spent on 1 freakin fight that sucked all the fun out of the previous 14 hours. Kept swearing and wishing whoever designed and ""balanced"" this fight would  either burn in hell or sit right next to me so I could make him play it and if he failed he'd have to pay me double the game price in cash and also kiss my♥♥♥♥♥ So beware.With that in mind, a little piece of advice: lvl up Rook's daughter, for the love of cthulhu, level her da fuq up!"
76561198034833606,Recommended,237990,16576010,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pezeter,"Fun little tactics game with some choice in regards to characters you play with, but overall story is linear. Very pretty graphics. The story is little bit short, and should continue, because a lot of stuff is just left unexplained. You can get about 15-20 hours of gameplay out of this game without repeating the exact same content twice, which is pretty good for the price. I had some annoyance with controls and UI but really it was minor stuff. 7/10 (my crazy evaluation)"
76561198120844626,Recommended,237990,16739712,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Person Man,"This is not a fun game, this is an experience. The choices you make will be hard, and there's almost never a right one. Thinking about the choices in a video game sense won't help you either. oh you bought all the supplies from a store so you know you'll have food? thieves stole it. The combat is spot on, in some of the best strategy combat I've ever played. It's hard, tight and engaging, almost never will you get through a battle without someone falling. The story is interesting, and you'll find yourself caring for the characters in your party or hating them, especially when they make decisions for you, sometimes even against you. It adds to their personality and makes them feel more like people. This game has an incredibly strong sense of narrative, lose a battle, you'd expect it to just ask ""try again?"" like most games would, but it doesn't, losing a battle is like making a choice, it will affect what happens to your party, how people treat you, and what decisions you are limited to.This is not a game for the faint of heart, no because it's scary, or intense but because of it's ability to make you stare at the screen and think ""well, what the hell am I supposed to do now?"". The game makes you care about this group of people that you control and must lead to survive, going to the ends of the world, or to death."
76561198027556269,Recommended,237990,8708699,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,killjoy545,"OMG... this game pretty much has it all. Beautifull graphics, perfect sound and score. It makes you think in the battles. Devs you did an outstanding job in fact very few game have acheived this high of level in gaming. The only other game that had perfect music with graphics with gamplay was Skyrim. You guys for first timers are just outstanding. Only one problem that I had and it wasn't even game breaking. Was when selecting you next place in the first city to goto. The words blended into the background to where they could bearly be seen. But over all you guys made a very impressive game. The drawings and attention to the details of the characters is what these big companies need to go back to and learn something from you guys. I did pre order the game and wasn't at all let down from it."
76561198044371242,Recommended,237990,8710957,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ntjordan,"I've put a couple hours in with TBS now, and I'm pleased. The game is beautiful, feels like playing an adult version of a Disney film, but you can tell that from the screenshots. It has a very interesting combat system, although it may be a bit tough if you aren't familiar with tactical rpg's. It reminds me a bit of Vandal Hearts if anyone remembers that game.The character progression system is also interesting, though it could be a little more explicit on things like what each stat really does. So far the story is compelling, and I do look forward to seeing it through, and possibly playing it multiple times to see what my choices may change. If you were a fan of Final Fantasy Tactics or anything of the like, pick this up, it's a good price and I think you will enjoy it."
76561197994132077,Recommended,237990,8735763,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ozyu [GdF*A],This is amazing. Great story with meaningful choices impacted further with perma-death. Gameplay is turn based with an emphasis on strategic placement.
76561197996671841,Recommended,237990,8733237,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Osori,"Pro : Gorgeous graphics, fresh combat mechanics, interesting lore/world/story/characters.Con : No subtitles, only chapter 1 of the saga, infuriating last boss fight on hard difficulty.If you call yourself a TRPG fan, you should buy it."
,Recommended,237990,8739391,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Elyoki,"If Oregon Trail and Tactics Ogre had a lovechild, this would be it.  It's fun."
76561197964336709,Recommended,237990,8712851,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Fiendish Dr. Wu,The first and most important aspect of the Banner Saga are the gorgeous classical visuals.  It really looks amazing.  In addition it mixes in an interesting mythos which really adds to the solid enjoyable turn based strategy.  It really is a game about choice and you choices directly influence the difficulties of the battles you face.  Oh and it can be brutal.  You will lose party members through events so prepare yourself.  The end of the world ain't for the light of heart.There are some issues such as rather quick switches between the two groups of characters you control but if you know this going in its a bit easier to handle.  All around though it was a very enjoyable 8-10 hours.
,Recommended,237990,17266966,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Light-Knight,"Gorgeous production, meaning both visual portrayal and soundtrack. The game is a breath of fresh, cool air into the indie developers league; you do not need large amounts of money to create something with depth, appeal and great, interesting gameplay as The Banner Saga shows all to clear. Pick it up and have a playthrough, even more so if you are fans of RPGs with penache!"
76561198203436016,Recommended,237990,16776477,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Northern Pugilist,"I would highly recommend this game for anyone who is a big fan of Viking lore and RPG team building. The battle system is good on all accounts but nothing fancy here and there though - items being limited and all. But the good experience I had from this game was from it's story. While choice-wise, decision making in the game can feel arbitrary, I get that the developer guys wanna bring out a bleak setting for the protagonists. There is no best ""happy"" ending in this fairy tale, and people do die even the good ones. Enemies can be trusted allies and good friends can back stab you at any moment's notice. This is the reality the characters in the game must face when food became scarce, a horde of murderous army is upon them - while doomsday is emminent.Get this game - probably not for the gameplay - but definitely for its storyline, artwork, soundtrack and your casual leisure."
,Recommended,237990,8968021,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DaniAngione,"The Banner Saga Reviewby DaniAngione----------------------------Art - 9 / 10Sound - 9 / 10Gameplay - 8 / 10Emotional - 10 / 10Community - 9 / 10----------------------------Overall - 9----------------------------The Banner Saga; I've never heard of this game until the multiplayer spin-off, Factions, came to Steam. Only after that I've googled it and realized that Stoic's kickstarter campaign passed under my radar. And that was most unfortunate for me, because we're talking about a game that breathes norse mythology, is beautifully crafted with hand-drawn artwork inspired by '1950-60s Disney genious' Eyvind Earle and has an amazing soundtrack by Austin Wintory, the guy behind the musical score from Playstation's big indie hit 'Journey': the only game that makes me cry like a baby after EVERY god damn playthrough.So, yeah. How did I miss that Kickstarter? I don't know. What I know is that since discovering about Banner Saga I've hyped it so much inside my head that I dare say that, in a way, it was a little disappointing. But not in a way that compromises the game - just in a way that doesn't satisfy the 'almost-fetichist' personal desire I built up for this.You start playing as Ubin, a varl (horned giants) that leads a tax caravan through the frontier cities between the varl lands and the human cities. After some time, however, you get to meet and play as Rook, a small village huntsman, and Alette - his daughter. They're being chased by Dredge, these humanoid stone creatures that seem to be quite strong and suddenly start pouring from everywhere. From there on the game is a long and arduous road for survival - as simple as that.Putting it that way, however, doesn't make justice for the beautiful landscapes, the amazing characters and the incredible tale you'll weave along the way. And more importantly: death is around every corner. Choices are tough, choices are insecure and you'll find yourself questioning your own morals for the sake of the people that follows you. Sometimes you'll have to be harsh, sometimes you'll be kind... And might even regret it later. Or be rewarded, even. There's nothing sure in The Banner Saga. Nothing is guaranteed, so it's advised to be careful about who you're going to care about.I'd certainly give Art and sound a 10 - I'm giving a 9 for two reasons: for art, I must admit that the initial cutscene is so beautiful that the game left me wanting more. There is, however, no more fully animated cutscenes. Not even the ending. So I was a little disappointed there. And for 'sound', the reason is very similar: sometimes I miss some voices or a better use of 'human sounds'. For a game that clutches you so deeply on emotions and attachment, it feels a little out of place that all dialogue is only written.Gameplay works well. It's not great but it's enjoyable. The fighting mechanics are good and I really liked the balancing and tactics around armor and strength. I wish there was a little more variety, but that's not a big deal.Emotionally... Well, just play it. I recommend you don't, ever, load your game when something bad happens. Seriously. It's a game about a journey - a true viking saga - and about the pain and the loss and the sadness in said journeys. It's a game about decisions, a game about caring for those you love and losing them because YOU thought that this was the best thing to do... And it wasn't. This is very, very functional as a player-driven narrative. And if you take the plunge into the fantastic and beautiful world of The Banner Saga, it will reward you intensively. I assure you.Community, well... I didn't play the multiplayer part much, but a few rounds have shown me that people are nice and fun, so I suppose it's ok.Overall, The Banner Saga is a beautiful yet silent game. And by silent I mean that it has a lot to offer but you have to go there, you have to take it's hand and walk into the forest. If you do - you'll be so immersed that when you're done you'll realize that we are just guests upon the land...PS.: Just a warning - this game is the first part of a TRILOGY. Don't expect much closure, all will be explained in time..."
,Recommended,237990,8816430,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,CountElmdor,"At first I was disappointed that it was NOTHING AT ALL LIKE CANDY CRUSH SAGA, but then I realized it was amazing. Who needs a crap Bejewelled rip-off when you could be playing this stylish, well-written, tactical combat and role-playing adventure in a unique and well-realized Viking-inspired world?"
76561198048153863,Recommended,237990,32676488,Posted: 23 June,all,Aelthas,"This is a beautiful and amazing game. The hand-drawn visuals are stunning, and the tactical combat is brutal, but fair."
76561198029856711,Recommended,237990,9133752,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mitth'raw'nuruodo,"I have played through this game three times, and enjoyed all of it. This is simply one of the most unique and wondrous videogames I have ever played. It has one of the best tactical battles systems I have played, and I have played almost all tactical turn based games since 2000. Its also an work of art. The game is worth recommending simply as a visual experience.My suggestions for the next installment - allow open ended explorations, stuff like raids etc. Some sort of sandbox mode. I think the ingredients are all there. And I dont think it should be too difficult to do.Cheers to Stocic."
76561198255596335,Not Recommended,237990,33041451,Posted: 30 June,all,Rick Bishop,"Lots of problems with this game, but this is barely a ""do not recommend."" It's also got some good stuff in it, and seems fixable to me.Pros:- Beautiful artwork. It's like watching an animated film that's simple but well drawn.- Neat special abilities for the characters.- Some decision making options that affect your journey, although some of these turn out a bit inconsistently.- Good characters. The varl/human thing is a cool idea. There are, however, too many characters.Cons:- Not enough renown (exp) rewards. You have a backlog of characters waiting to level and have to spend renown on too many things.- Weird combat stats. Some dredge (your opponent) will just walk out and one-shot anyone it hits, and you only have six people. Your archers have the range of someone throwing a water balloon. An archer has to be close enough that an opponent can just walk up and hit the archer on the next turn. This is in the first 5 levels or so of character progress, so maybe that changes. But ten hours of play is a bit long to hope that the combat system will right itself.- No terrain use in the combat. It's a flat board surrounded by background. Every fight.- Often terrible writing. The ""story"" is convoluted, the sentences sometimes just don't make sense, and you have to click your way through every all-day conversation. They needed a copy editor and a writer who could clean up the ""plot.""The biggest issue is the combat system. I love turn-based games, but you can't just drop the same fight on us every single time, with bizarre damage exchanges, and expect that to satisfy. There's so much good to look at in the game, and the style is there. The mechanics just aren't very good."
,Recommended,237990,13080624,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Whoota,"The Banner Saga is one of the most uniquely exectuted games out there. The art is extremely pretty. The sountrack sorrowful but strong. The story tragic and captivating. However, the gameplay is arbitrary and monotomous.Banner Saga is a weird combination between a visual novel, Oregon Trail, and Turn based tactics. You play as a number of different factions. The events of the game play out on a mostly random scale. The general motivation is that your home is assaulted by monsters from the north and you need to up and leave and lead a caravan of refugees and soldiers to safety, testing your leadership abilities along the way. Combat takes a bit of a backseat in this game and leaves you to manage a convoy as you trek from one end of the map to safety. The gameplay is in the balance between managing the supplies of your convoy and the risks you take on the road. Will you take the short and dangerous road? Or rather take the longer, but safer route? Spend a day camping near an anchient stone temple for good luck? Or rather power on and not wast time. Each choice will either bring or take resources, such as morale, food or warriors. Your goal is to get as many people home as possible.Annoyingly, the game likes to arbitarily kill of your guys when you're just going about your business. Falling in battle is passable, but at any time during your trek, you might be prompted to help some merchants on the side of the road, only to find that they were brigands and they shanked your daughter on the spot. Can you stop it? No. Can you predict it? Maybe. It's all a bit forced and unmotivated at times, and the pacing sometimes slows to a crawl. However, when you're just clicking away for two hours straight, hoping to find that next buried treasure, you're able for forget about these qualms."
,Recommended,237990,22820609,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"I've owned this game for over 2 years and I am kind of glad I did, since Banner Saga 2 is out now.Banner Saga is a well-written, tactical turn-based RPG. You become attached to the characters who have their own personalities and depth. The other part of the game is managing your rations, because the whole game you are pretty much travelling to save the lives of others and yourself. If you get into it, you can feel the hopelessness of everyone. Mainly because there is no hope. There is no happy ending, and I think that's what makes the game so appealing. It's like ""The Empire Strikes Back"", or if the White Walkers from Game of Thrones busted loose from the wall and there was no Dany, Jon Snow or Tyrion to make things right again.I highly recommend this game if you love RPGs. It really does have a great storyline that sticks with you. I can't wait to play the second game now.Thank you, Stoic, for making a game that people will remember, much like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment."
,Not Recommended,237990,12232621,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mack,"The Banner Saga is a convoy management game with turn-based strategy fights that augment your heroes and convoy, and ultimately affects the future of your game.In terms of art direction and theme, they strike such a dischordant tone, it might actually hurt your head. Not that either the art or theme are bad. The art is good and the story seems solidly written. Except they're totally opposite. The art is colourful, vibrant and almost child-like in its presentation. The story is about death, hard decisions, starvation and single parent trying to raise a young girl in an uncontrollable apocalypse.Like a WWII history documentary as illustrated by My Little Pony.The game itself has strong central mechanics, and the turn based combat is good. The heroes level up with kills in an RPG style. The elements are solid, and if the final battle wasn't an exercise in throwing everything the game had taught you out the window, it might have recieved a thumbs up from me.It's supposed to be the start of a three part series, but they've made the mistake of not creating the first of the trilogy as a self contained story. It feels like a beginning, like you've wasted time on getting nowhere, and though it purports to be a story driven by your choices, it isn't, your decisions affect nothing but your hero roster."
,Recommended,237990,12837854,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,QQPikachu,Top.
,Recommended,237990,30005131,Posted: 18 February,all,TD,"The Banner Saga is a beautiful game, challenging combat and will bring the best experience to turn-based RPG fans."
76561197976814642,Not Recommended,237990,8767284,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Green spleen submarine,"It's pretty and starts off with a hiss and a roar that ends on a dull flat note.If this is a series I would be interested in picking up the next one but on its own you'll be stuck with a ""now what?"" at the ending.Beautfiul artwork, beautiful music, tough decision making but clunky combat (the less enemies there are the more powerful individual enemies become until there is just one left)."
,Recommended,237990,13642130,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gobblin' Goblin,"So one of my fighters comes up to me and tells me he's leaving. I'm like ""Ok..."" and as i turn, he stabs me in between the ribs. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then goes on and kills my future son-in-law and my waifu. After that, he takes my daughter into the woods to have his way with her.You can stab me in the side.You can kill my future son-in-law.You can♥♥♥♥♥♥my daughter.But nobody (nobody) touches my waifu.10.5/10 would be fatally wounded again"
76561198019163801,Not Recommended,237990,32545604,Posted: 18 June,all,Tochimo,"If you like grid-style RPG's there are far better games with more interesting battle mechanics.  If you're looking for decision-making driven story, there are much better stories than the 'oh no, our ancient enemy has returned, though maybe they have more going on than we thought' trope.The game uses a single currency - renown - which means you're buying physical things just by pretty much saying ""Hey, I'm Dinklebarb, the Varl.  I kill Dredge, now give me supplies or items.""  You also use this currency to level up your characters which translates to dumping points into stats which aren't given any kind of description.Combat is a weird You-Go-They-Go switching until one side only has 1 guy left, at which point the switching goes away.  The problem is that it means that as soon as you dispatch a few enemies, those still standing start getting two turns before your guys engaged with them gets a turn to act, react, or put a guy down.  On the one hand it creates an innovative battle strategy where you're actively not killing certain guys to keep others from getting a turn 'early' and killing your own guys, on the other hand it means that you're actively leaving guys alive to wittle at your armor or health (which annoyingly also determines how strong your attacks are, creating another laying of ""WTF, Really!?"" when your guy is suddenly incapable of damaging an enemy for more than 1 damage) which seems really counter to the whole notion of fights to the death or the small army skirmishes I engage in.The dialgue and story is a combination of exhausted tropes and 'choices' which often don't make sense in the situation, nor do they allow the player any informed decision making - which is sad considering that in both story lines you're quickly made out to be the 'most capable', 'best chances for survival', or 'next in line to lead' - which is funny because I'm honestly more lost than the characters who ask me to lead them to battle...."
,Not Recommended,237990,34073404,Posted: 6 August,all,chabo chabo,"As a huge fan of 4x and TBS in general, I just can't recommend this game. The art, story and characters are fantastic but the combat is... atrocious. There are no attacks of opportunity, so there's no way to hold parts of the field other than body blocking. The Armor/HP system is convoluted and the amount of damage you'll do or take feels really random. When you do win a fight, it's not satisfying because you just hammered the attack button and weakened them before they weakened you (HP = Strength)If you're one of the people who really values storyline above all else, then buy it on sale, throw it on Easy, and enjoy the characters. I really do want to experience the rest of the story... but the combat mechanics are so frustrating, and the only actual gameplay IS the combat. The rest is essentially a scene. Your caravan progresses on its own unless you stop to rest, encounters arbitrarily pop up and you gain or lose people/supplies randomly. And then you fight."
,Not Recommended,237990,25949170,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Lynshine,"I love plots. The Banner Saga has makings of a good plot, and interesting though chess-like battles. However, the seeming randomness of the effects of the plot choices made me put the game on hold. Seriously, if there was a way to say ""Duh, whatever"" to every plot question, I'd go for that by now, and feel I have the same amount of control over the results. What a pity. I wanted to love this game."
76561197995142667,Not Recommended,237990,8740487,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,mforcer,"Don't be fooled by the trailer like I did, The game isn't that wonderfull as advertised.Better wait for a good sale if you wish to try it. It's not worth the 20 bucks at this moment"
,Not Recommended,237990,8727838,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Wistfane,"As a person who likes turn based strats HoMM, Disciples, KingsBounty I had high hopes for this game. After finishing it for the most part on normal difficulty I want to but I really cant reccomend people buying it.The good : Amazing visuals, animation and sountrack. Thats about it.The bad: it would be easy to say everything else but im going to elaborate.With such an amazing score and visuals the game has virtually no voicework to accompany the dialogues. Which would ok if it werent for hte fact that they are either poorly translated or just badly written. You can skip 90% of the dialogue and still be on the same page if you had been paying attention.The unitally cool and challenging combat quickly becomes boring or unfair depnding in you difficulty level. There arent many different enemies so you end fighting the same 4-5 guys for 9 hours and the strategy never evolves beyond gang up on the weak guy. The special abilities of each hero are very situational and I maybe used 3 abilities regulary.Some mechanics are downright broken. The demand for provisions to supply the caravan is completely optional since there virtually no penatly to loosing clansmen/varl. The renown points (with which the game is very stingy) are better spent on your crew and gear.  Beware some party memebers are prone to sudden death during the random encours on the road. So dont be surpised if a badass warhawk level 5 gets killed by dregeling off screen with little infleunce by the player.Despite the strong visual and audio presentation the story is moot and the characters never evolve beyond thier booring achetypes. The pampered prince, the innocent girl, the reluctant leader etc.Over all I would say stay away from this beatiful siren fo a game no matter how tempting the and song lull you to its purchase"
76561198019919017,Not Recommended,237990,8721177,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Yarglesbeard,"I don't know where to start on this so I guess i'll just state my conclusion and work back from there:Should you buy this at the current price 24.99(usd), No. Should you buy it if it's on sale at around 75%? Hell yeah!There are many problems i have with this game but there are also some things that were done right that i found as well. Here's list of things I found and you all can be the judgePro's:Pretty cool story, when all is said and done.The whole leading the caravan part of the game, awesome, felt like i was playing the war scenes from a game of thronesAll the characters had pretty decent stories and personalitiesThe combat was pretty cool once you got the hang of it. Think tactics ogre mixed in with some wierd type of chessArt fit the feel of the game perfectlyCon's:You obviously set yourself up for a sequel. By this i mean, there are good cliff hangers that leave me thinking ""oh, well what are they going to do now?"" and then there's  ones that leave me saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ you spent all this ♥♥♥♥ing time mentioning these things that your not even going to tell me about? Seriously? Not even a hint?""; the later of which you did, and i'm kinda upset about that.There are bugs still in this I had it crash a couple times on me and the load times for the graphics in the game are pathetic. Borderlands 2 loads quicker than this game does for me. (check out ivrir's story background after that big thing to him happens, btw, it's bugged)Game feels rushed half way through, and heres why i say that:You just randomly stop switching between rook and what's his horned face. Just stop. You could've totally split off with him and gone off on his on journey up to the point that he regroups, but you didn't and i was kinda disappointed.You're ending is abrupt, i wasn't quite sure that i hit the end untill the credits popped up.There are 2 GAPING WIDE plot points that never really come to surface, which is too bad becuase I kind of wanted to see more of it.]The army combat parts are a little lacking. Honestly, I felt like i  could have led a charge the entire time and been better off.I would have like to actually have command of my armies as well instead of just saying how to engage. A perfect example of how i'd've liked this game to play the army scenes would be Suikoden. Do some like that with your army combat.In conclusion(again), Don't buy this game unless its on sale or the cost has gone down to around 10-15$ and you'll be much much happier. Took me about 14 hours to complete and i was a terrible leader who told every one to do what they want, which i'm sure divertered most combat situations, so i could see this game lasting at most 20 hrs on the first play through."
76561198025389281,Recommended,237990,8795452,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Tryffin,"If viking Oregon trail and a turn based tactics game had a baby it'd be a lot like banner saga.First thing you will notice about the banner saga is the art, rotoscoping isn't something that you see everyday let alone in a video game and the bannar saga excels at making each person, place or thing you encounter on your journey really come to life with beauty.Speaking of journey the music in this game is composed by Austin Wintory who did the music for the game Journey. The entire game sounds fantastic from the heavy beating of drums to the triumphant bellow of horns the entire sounds epic from start to finish.As I said before the game really feels like a great mix of turn based tactics and Oregon trail. Combat takes place on a grid and you and the enemy take turns bashing each other. With each character having different strengths and weaknesses and a simple yet deeping twist on how your units health works the game really makes you feel accomplished for each and ever battle you win. That is a good thing because honestly this like to give you a bad hand a lot.The other half of the game is the traveling part, as you and your viking caravan cross mountians and icy wastes you must deal with a number of issues such as ""Do we have enough food?"" ""Can we trust these strangers we just met?"" The game makes you choose and everything you do has an effect on the caravan as a whole. Letting some strangers join you might mean they steal a bunch of the food in the night and then suddenly you are in the middle of nowhere and people are starving to death right and left as you push forward. You must make tough choices often times sacrificing one resource or another while trying to keep the people and warriors you take on in good spirits.In the end the Banner saga is a deep game with rich lore and a enduring characters and it's a adventure worth taking."
76561198003478541,Recommended,237990,11141781,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,moothecat,"Very Fun game!All around I was surprised at this game. I picked it up on sale and thought ""oh it might be good just for a bit of a distraction.""I was wrong, I love it.The combat feels very nice and reminds me a bit of Final Fantasy Tactics in a way.And when you're not in combat you're treated to a wonderful serene landscape.With choices that can make or break your team, a brilliant story, fun combat that you can tinker with the difficulty of, and a peaceful (then suddenly dangerous) world I couldn't help but love this game."
76561198036644954,Recommended,237990,11143782,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gwerk27,"Amazing game, Love the branching story and even though it's text based conversations I was always intrigued and engulfed in the story. Also a big fan of the turn based grid based battle system, however the way the turns work is a little goofy."
,Recommended,237990,10264239,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Roudrac,"God we need more games like this one!The Banner Sagais the first part of an ambitions adventure game created by indie developers. The gameplay is quite simple but entertaining and enhanced with 3 levels of difficulty. The level design is gorgeous, it's deeply inspired by the art of Eyvind Earle but it still has it's own identity. Anyway it's the story that makes this game different from other RPG/Adventure games.First, the world is a perfect mixture between nordic mythology, fantasy and apocalyptic fiction. The story is about survival and beliefs, in this chaotic snowy and cold landscape three races try to escape the forthcoming shadows. This first part is centered on the story of Rook, a hunter, who try desperately to save his kin and his traveling companions from starvation, killing each other and from the dredge's return. The story really evolves depending of your choices, you can build strong relations with some characters and at the same time don't even meet the other ones. You can easily loose your best mates after making a mistake that seemed to be the good thing to do at the time. It makes the story really moving, mature and immersive. And personally that's why I play video games, not to kill dozens of monsters but to feel something.I'm waiting for the second part with great excitement and you should do the same !"
76561198064975005,Recommended,237990,9186304,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Human Bean,"Blown away by this game. Excellent decision based story. It does a great job of clearly putting a choice in front of you, without tying you down with a morality guage (light/dark side, paragon/renegade). The combat is fun and engaging, although I found myself always wishing it was over so I could further the story. Solid RPG elements, great Oregon Trail management, but last but not least gripping characters and plot. This is the old BioWare we all miss. My biggest complaint was going in I was not aware it was the first of a trilogy, so be ready for it to end with you wanting more character development and plot."
,Recommended,237990,9942159,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Triket,"Really enjoyed playing this game, I got so addicted I played it through in two sittings. The Art work is beautiful, and the combat, while simple, is satisfying and it is nice to see something new being tried in relation to grid based combat systems,The story is well told, and the characters are unique and memorable. THe choices that are presented to you throughout the game also have consiqence, and I quite often found myself stopping at a decision and painfully trying to work out what the results of my actions might be.Overall I would really reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys something different and appreciates a good story!I couldnt summarise it better than another review I read, this is a mixture of Game of Thrones, Disney and classic RPG systems, and I love it! :)"
,Recommended,237990,10936729,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mosteeks,"Beware, you haven't known crushing despair until you've played this.It's actually a pretty amazing game, beautifully designed with an innovative combat system.The difficult choices you make are the defining feature. It does really well at building connection with the characters, then forces you to make decisions that can have gut-wrenching consequences. The plot twists are frequent, unpredictable and unforgiving.I'd heard mixed reviews, so didn't try it out until a sale. There's some valid points made against it, but overall its a well polished game especially for the price. It's worthwhile just as a really beautifully told story, but the turn based combat is fun and challening too. I hope they add DLC or a whole new chapter."
76561197961930796,Recommended,237990,9224742,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rusted_Halo,"This game is essentially The Oregon Trail, but with a Nordic fantasy theme and a rudimentary turn-based combat system akin to Final Fantasy Tactics or X-Com (but with substantially less depth). The art style is refreshing, and the lovingly crafted world is enjoyable to immerse in for a while. Unfortunately, it is a very short while; most players will find themselves wanting more content after the final battle. Buy the game if it is on sale for less than $20 and I suspect you will feel rewarded by the purchase. In my opinion, the $25 price point is just a bit too high for the amount of gameplay you get.I sincerely hope that a sequel is in the works; one with a hundred hours of gameplay and a more robust combat system. This is a world I'd like to inhabit again."
76561198057451200,Recommended,237990,10298122,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,fransic,"The game doesn't demand much from your PC/Mac but stills delivers a very nice gameplay, artstyle and music.Its pretty hardcore in that you can't do manual saves (just auto-saves) and thus forces you to live with the decisions you've made. If you want to undo a decision you made, you have to go back to the last auto-save which sometimes might involve fighting certain battles again to rereach the point when the decision was made.I feel that this gives the gameplay more dept though can lead to some frustrations especially once you made a command that leads to the death of some characters.All in all, I really enjoy playing this game. If you're a fan of turn-based startegy games like FF Tactics with added decision making, this game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,237990,8805363,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nick NHL,"Another amazing tactical RPG! If you like Shadowrun, XCOM or older classics like Final Fantasy Tactics you'll feel right at home. The artwork is out of this world, the music and writing are immersive and the open ended choices add great flavor to the package. I'm hoping this one sells well so these guys have an even bigger budget so they can make an even longer game next time, because I would of played this a lot more than the 15 hours it took me to beat it."
76561198052357001,Recommended,237990,9324094,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Grit Grimdark,"The Banner Saga by Stoic is a wonderful mix of The Oregon Trail, Ogre Tactics, and Vikings! A compelling and emotional story that is complimented with Disneyesque hand painted graphics and a resonating musical score. If that sounds awesome to you get this game today!"
76561198080751392,Recommended,237990,9343355,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,buxnalaus,"This game is my current obsession. Crisp, beautiful animation, an intriguing plot and a battle and party building system with enough depth to really provide a challenge.If you like vikings, RPGs and Oregon Trail, I totally reccomend buying this game."
76561197972060587,Recommended,237990,8713476,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,~Wrath~,"I always wanted Fire Emblem type turn based rpg game, this one is just that, the story is interesting and combat is challenging, if you like turn based rpgs, you will enjoy this."
76561198031499290,Recommended,237990,9188369,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,toggstar,Beautiful!
76561198026530375,Recommended,237990,9336196,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,(JRK) Stranger,"Highly recommended. Great strategy game with an intriguing story. Been playing this with my non-gamer wife watching and helping me make the story decisions while I handle combat for the most part. 18 hours in  she's  telling me how to spec out the party and what to do each turn. Easy to get into but suprisingly deep while offering a lot of ambiguous choices with unforseeable consequences which can dramatically impact both the story and mechanical character progression/combat.Its not a game you can ace. It's a game where you have to live with the consequences of your choices, whatever they may be, and there isn't always a clear right or wrong decision for every situation.Did I mention it's gorgeous and the music is spectacular? Worth noting that it works well as a mouse-only game, making it a turn based strategy game that plays well on the TV from the couch. Most enjoyable turn-based strategy RPG I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,237990,8769981,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,MagrothJ,Really nice game for those that like story based games coupled with turn based tactical combat. Highly recommended.
76561198013078086,Recommended,237990,9219455,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Yngvar,Unbelievable and unique piece of artwork.
,Recommended,237990,8959244,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Invictus,XCOM meets Oregon Trail with Vikings and beautiful art.  What's not to like?!
76561198113089332,Recommended,237990,8748583,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sulaco,"Old School Cartoon art meets Game of Thrones meets Skyrim meets Final Fantasy Tactics meets The Oregon Trail.This game is as solid as the giant 'Varls' it portrays, excellents story, fantastic art and animation and a battle system that's more than meets the eye.Highly recommend it."
76561197962763576,Recommended,237990,8814472,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Malaysianshrew,"While perhaps pricey right now, the quality is impeccable and the gameplay and story unique.It plays something like an Oregon Trail with Tactics battles mixed in. The battles have a unique system of armor and health/strength and the characters feel unique enough and level up slowly enough that you feel attached to a higher leveled character.But the most notable part of the game is the art. The game is simply beautiful and even in the battle scenes I find myself scrolling around admiring the scenery."
,Recommended,237990,8832151,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Good Unit,This game is to good for all of you. may only buy when you are steam lvl 100
,Recommended,237990,9153281,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Azilot,"Awessome game.Perfect visuals, challenging battles a lot of choise and sense that controll over situation is slipping from your hands."
76561197974101561,Recommended,237990,9106668,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nemesis Legion,In this squad based tactical/strategy game taking place in Norse mythology you determine the fate of a group of refugees trying to escape the Ragnarok. Playing similarly while being just as deep and as difficult to other famed turn-based tactical games of the past like Final Fantasy Tactics and/or Fire Emblem. But overall the most striking thing about Banner Saga is its beautifully rendered art/graphics style as well as its highly original and grim narrative. Note that this is the single player portion of the free multiplayer game Banner Saga Factions.
,Recommended,237990,8714157,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GotMerked,"I have played a few hours... So far Its an amazing game , very addictive . I think I heard somewhere that if X-com and the Oregon Trail had a baby  it would be this game and honestly that's the best way to describe it. I haven't beat it yet so I can't comment on how long it is but it is well worth the price so far based on the early part of the game alone."
,Recommended,237990,8774576,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wipfmetz,"nice, fresh setting, non-cliché-vikings and pretty."
,Recommended,237990,8773756,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fernando,"Very nice TBS/Choose-your-own-adventure game, furthermore extremely beautiful. Though the ending is kinda ""To Be Continued...""-like.Waiting for a sequel."
,Recommended,237990,8906735,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Jest,"Amazing game.  Interactive story with a Tactics feel.  Could almost be considered a roguelike, though not quite to the point of a game like FTL.  There are random events but the majority of the game follows the same path.  Though your decisions absolutely matter."
76561198004747261,Recommended,237990,8863989,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,TynanAideen,I need more!Bewarned though for an ending that will give you epic gaming blueballs!
,Recommended,237990,8749911,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Jarik Spiegel,"A gorgeous art style, witty dialogue, and some solid mechanics help make the Banner Saga something to sink hours on end into. There are many games that suggest that your decisions make a big difference, but the weight of your choices in The Banner Saga really have a visible heft when that last minute decision to save some civilians puts your entire clan at risk.I do wish there was a little more of a lead up to the story, and that it was easier to see the nuances of troop movement; but these are all things you eventually figure out for yourself anyway and it does have the neat effect of making things feel more rewarding.Fans of XCom will probably enjoy the simplified (yet similar) combat mechanics, and those familiar with Telltale's Walking dead series will likely find a resonance in the unforgiving decision mechanic. Either way; give it a try ^^ It's good fun."
76561197977958789,Recommended,237990,8925261,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dread_moose,"Fantastic game.   Great story, interesting characters, great tactical combat. Music is amazing. Story changes quit a bit based on choices.Absolutely a game worth buying this year.  I cannot wait for the follow up.  These guys have created something unique that has soul that games with 10X the budget cannot manage."
76561197973272536,Recommended,237990,8848985,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,NG,"Firstly, this game is incomplete in terms of story. The developers have tried to make The Banner Saga complete on it's own as best as possible, but depending on the success (which has been good so far 25/01/2014), they will make Banner Saga 2 and hopefully 3 and or more.The game has beautiful art, although it is repeated throughout the game, it's still amazing to see the line work, balance of colours and Disney quality environments. The music is simply exquisite.There is a moderate learning curve involved as the tutorial is weak & combat mechanics may take a while to get used to. You can test out combat mechanics/strategies in training camp during your travels whenever you camp to rest. Throughout the game you will come across situations where you will have to make choices that can affect your party & caravan.If you're unsure, try out the free multiplayer version ""Banner Saga : Factions"" to see if this is the sort of game that appeals to you & if you like it, don't hesistate to get this beautiful game.The soundtrack on Steam store page only has three tracks, so if you're interested in the complete soundtrack, go tohttp://austinwintory.bandcamp.com/album/the-banner-saga"
,Recommended,237990,8753464,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,dartgarry,"What catches the eye - this is an excellent graphic performance.As an illustrator I was very pleased to recognize).This wonderful videos and charming style, detailed animation fight.The next thing that impressed - it's the sounds. This is a very melodic music, and accompanying sounds (someone sneezes, wheezing, flaps its wings, shuffling foot,  energy  armor opponents buzzing).  :)As for the body of the game - it's combat system and dialogues. All that I like too.First, about the combat system. Nothing super new, but there are some pleasant little unusual moments. The main thing that is quite thought out and not annoying, interesting to play (especially at the most difficult level of difficulty).The combat system allows you to use characters to help each other. (They have distinctive features. Such a blow that all who are near allies also hit the enemy, even if the allies had already made ​​their move) In other words, each character beats here not only for themselves but also the team That is a good impression.By the way I love tactical games (Heroes 3, Fallout 2, Hoshigami, Front Mission 3, Kings Bounty, Vagrant Story, Disciples 2)Dialogues done at a good level. Loved the style of communication. And most captivating-  bifurcation versions of the story in small segments. For example you have finished an hard battle (but the game is not saved) then immediately draw you into a dialogue where you choose options from which you can lost one of characters. I had to replay the battle 7 times to guess the option of dialogue that will lead to the fact that the characters remain aliveOverall, the game is and lures in a single stylish amazing world of fascinating atmosphere and strong components. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,237990,8747217,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,fonetikli,"Rated eleventy million out of ten.Earlier today I rushed out of my study to find my girlfriend so I could bemoan the enormity of making decisions I knew might cost the lives of many of my clansmen.  ""I can't handle this responsibility! People are looking to me to lead and I'm constantly letting them down."", I wailed.For me, the hallmark of any exceptional game is that it leaves you pondering the wider story and the lives of the characters within it, even when you are far away from your computer.  The Banner Saga most certainly falls into this category. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised to find myself dreaming of Dredge and Godstones again tonight.The Banner Saga game mechanic is essentially a modern multi-choice story-driven take onThe Oregon Trail, with a squad-based tactics battle engine bolted on top.With captivating writing, stunning graphics and an engrossing, mood-setting soundtrack, the twists and turns of the story have at times left me setting my jaw or blinking away tears. I have found myself incredulous, mouth agape at the narrative's brutality and unfairness.  Knowing in my gut that survival is unlikely, I grip the mouse tighter, hoping it may somehow force my starving caravan up the next desolate snowy peak..."
,Recommended,237990,8712490,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dosis-Dei,"Amazing work of art! Great Style, music and gameplay."
76561198038510933,Recommended,237990,8773986,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Seawulf,"Fun and dynamic battles filled with strategy. Beautiful character and scenario design, simply flawless, the sort of thing you wish disney made an epic animation. Although characters have their own personalities and philosophies, the lack of voice acting spoils the experience during dialogue parts a bit. Investing your renown on characters that suddenly leave your host of fighters is rather disappointing. The story and the world's own mythology which supports it are incredibly interesting, the map exposing a little bit of information of every element is stunning, but the game final scene brings and abrupt end for this rather short chapter, leaving most of the main conflict and most of the world unexplored when those features are already revealed there. It gives you the feeling that this planned 'trilogy' could have been released all together in a single bigger game. Also. Vikings. Vikings everywhere.8/10"
,Recommended,237990,8771150,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Julian,"The Banner Saga is really a great game. Art and Soundtrack are incredible and the battle mechanics are amazing, even though the game seems unfair at times (most choices you make will end you up worse off), the game is not unforgiving. With difficulty selection you can tailor the game to your skill in turn-based combat, and I suggest that all try to play through it at least on Normal, as Easy is a bit of a walk in the park. You will be absolutely enthralled by the environments, and the story is particularly intresting, although very dark. A 10/10, and Banner Saga: Factions (the ACTUALLY free to play multiplayer) is also recommended for more of the addictive combat :)"
,Recommended,237990,10014193,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ness,"Banner Saga is beautifully done. Albeit linear in many ways, the game will have a firm grip on your focus. Give it a try !!!"
,Recommended,237990,10019039,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,r1v,Just great!
,Recommended,237990,11198600,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dikke Butte,"A gripping coming-of-age tale about a young flag who travels cross-country to find his missing father.10/10, a real emotional powerhouse."
76561198027143724,Recommended,237990,10093415,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Witchtron Witchface,Having FINALLY beaten the ending I can say that I love and recommend this game.
,Recommended,237990,9325195,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Catbus86,"Awesome art direction.  The combat put a great spin on the turn based strategy game with its use of health as your attack stat, causing combat to flow a lot differently than say XCOM.  It also has an Oregon Trail feel, as not combat parts of the game flow very similar to that.  The game tends to be very heavy, as you often make hard choices.  I found myself having to give it a break here and there just because the wieght of my decision got to me. In my opinion a must play.  Also, good replay value."
,Recommended,237990,11485647,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ryacchi,"Need refund! I thought this was the hit match 3 game with a candy theme. Too much confusion...But in all seriousness, The Banner Saga is an excellent game that no strategy fan should overlook. It tells a compelling story both on a grand scale and at a personal level.At first I thought I'd be disappointed by the lack of terrain features during the combat, but to be honest I didn't mind. Between the big bodies of the varl and the need to worry about managing armor vs strength there is enough going on in the combat to keep me satisfied for the length of the game.If I do have one complaint, it would be how arbitrary some of the dialogue choices' consequences seem to be. I felt like I was at the whim of one of the dead gods sometimes. And it IS an issue because half of the game is about making hard choices in-between the fighting. It keeps things interesting, at least."
76561198007336429,Recommended,237990,13178650,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,enfiled,"I dont normally take the time to review games on steam, but holy ♥♥♥♥... This story, this game is just amazing. Seriously. Thank you Stoic, cannot wait for more of your work. Well done. 10/10"
76561198010993957,Recommended,237990,9346419,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Iron Prime,"A finely tuned turn-basted tactical RPG with interesting gameplay mechanics, beautiful visuals, and an evocative score.  Set in a world straight out of a metal album, the story is truly epic and does a great job of making all of your choices feel important.  Oregon Trail meets Final Fantasy Tactics meets The Sword.  If you are a fan of the genre, play it.  If you're a fan of great storytelling, play it.  If you are a fan of well put together games, play it.  If you are a fan of none of these things, then why are you reading this?"
76561197960467832,Recommended,237990,23136236,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,a scintillating comment,"A punishing and unforgiving world meets Disney's 'Snow White and the Seven Varl'--er, Dwarves...I throroughly enjoyed this one, with the visuals, sound and story being highlights."
76561198008505933,Recommended,237990,12047169,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,HeavensFury,"This game is AMAZING! I love the artwork, the atmosphere, the open storyline, the character development and so much more! I really hope to see more games like this from it's creators! A big thumbs up and high hopes for the future!"
,Recommended,237990,10204446,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Kynereth,"An absolutely gorgeous game aesthetically, and a beautifully crafted plot, world, and characters."
,Recommended,237990,8764191,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,wafflecopter,fire emblem + oregon trailAmazing art/music. Loving it so far
76561197980677441,Recommended,237990,10183647,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Izzy,Interesting story and nice artwork.Make tough decisions as you lead a caravan of vikings and giants.The turn-based gameplay takes a little while to master.SPOILER ALERT: the final boss is very hard and I gave up after 2 failed attempts.7/10 a Good Game if you like turn-based games.
76561198052389638,Recommended,237990,9570598,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Étain the Glorious,"Beautiful artwork, interesting concept, simple game play. A definite time sink from the start."
,Recommended,237990,9568434,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Izlain,"This is the adult version of The Oregon Trail. Not only does this game actually have a story that's more serious (and sometimes depressing) but it has more tactical combat as well. Managing your supplies can become tedious, only because there's never enough, but as long as you keep trudging on you'll eventually meet your goals. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,237990,9586584,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DRUNK AND ANGRY,"It is a beautiful game and has a wonderfully hopeless and depressing story but I feel somewhat duped because nowhere does it say that this is Part 1 of a series. I was indeed expecting a long playthrough and an ending that wrapped up the story. That does not happen. With that expectation in mind, buy it at a price point you feel comfortable with, and enjoy for what it is."
,Recommended,237990,9494219,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Type II,"So this game....is great! I have many kind words to say about this and being a huge Final Fantasy Tactics(SRPG's for that matter) fan this was a real treat to see on Steam's front page one day. I have some things about the game I love and I have some things about the game...well that I actually hate. Yes, it has left that much distaste in my mouth haha but thats not to discourage you. It is most likely something formed from my biased and practically purist views of SRPG's.So first, the things I love ^_^1-The ArtCant say enough about this, its phenomenal and its like being in an interactive Disney game of brutality and brings me back to the SegaCD days and old PC of point and click adventure/exploring days. I could easily say; play this game to just be immensed inside this beautiful game.2-The MusicIt's very well composed and suited for everything thats going on in this story and era its cast in. I'm a musician/composer myself and cant help but appreciate it from that sense, but I would imagine most people who arent into music would only be pulled into the feelings of this game easier similar to a Hollywood movie.3-SRPG ElementsWell..... I love this aspect of the game and its 90% of the reason I bought this game. I've played every SRPG I can get my hands on from Fire Emblem series and Final Fantasy Tactics to the overly diluted systems of Ogre Tactics and Disgaea. While I prefer a system that is well thought out with its boundaries and expansions within its systems, I do sometimes prefer a bit more of openness in the system such as Disgaea, but my mind tends to grow bored with endless options as everything becomes bland quicker than key roles that tend to shine within a system with some boundaries.Back to this game though, its set up a bit differently. The classes are chosen ahead of time, if you can even call them classes, more like roles from the characters backgrounds. Archers,Bruisers,Tanks,Lancers,etc are some things you can expect to see early game. All with their own special moves and ranges on the map as well as movement across the map.4-The Story TellingIts great and very reminiscent of a great game that allows you to feel as if you have some control of the outlook of the characters,story,and ending. Games that come to mind are those of the Bethesda Series of Fallout and Elder Scrolls. Killing of key characters, ignoring causes for better or worse, choosing to help yourself or others, choosing sides/factions, and moving your ""Army"" around the map to different encounters...well its all here. While I love this open book approach and multiple answer dialogue options I can definitely feel the sting of any choice I make afterwards.So onto ....the hated aspects.1-SRPG Elements ConstrainmentsThis game has control of your progression...very tightly. I'm only assuming the developers wanted control of how you progress and made this decision intentionally. Since I dont appreciate the restriction personally, I disagree with the direction almost entirely. I know building those mechanics would take a lot of hours to put in place and could have been a budget decision or they could have wanted this part to be light and not focused on heavily by the player. I just cant help but want to(ignoring the fact that i'm a veteran and have lots of things to compare this system to) considering you are fighting...well 75% of the time and you are always ALWAYS at a disadvantage. Not a single fight in this game are you evenly matched none the less above the enemy. So with no way inside their system to really cater to your playing style, I find myself getting irritated with the lack of in the system. Its presence is there, but its faint.2-No SavingEverytime I make a decision that affects something important, I prefer to be secure in my decision. I'm aware...Life doesnt have a pause button and once things are said and actions are done, the ripples around are permanent. But this isnt life, its a game. I prefer (personally) to have control over the game having control. So the lack of saving makes this...well a bit irritating. If you are similar to me then you too will be annoyed by the lack of this function. I dont play through Fallout 3 five times and make a different decision everytime I do something important. I would rather save and see what each option does. Personal way of playing and I wont claim its anything else. Its not right its not wrong, I just know I'm not the only person who does things this way with dialogue option heavy games such as this.On top of that, its an autosave system. So lets say you make a decision and you think things were going well, you win the battle, you lose it, whatever. A character you've placed an item on,used your points on to level up,etc dies and you find out through dialogue. They are GONE. Caput. Reload your previous save to try and win the battle? Nope. Reload to make a different decision in dialogue? Nope. Outcome permanent.Now that i've said that, I have to say there are some kind of ways around this. For one, it autosaves in multiple areas so if you can escape before the dialogue is done and reload there are more than one times I've used this to go back before the new autosave has saved the ripples in the ocean. Also it seems(if I recall right) when you quit abruptly(ouside of battle of course) it makes a save point at that direct point of leisure. So you can constantly quit the game and reload to beat this system. But this is....well redundant. There should simply be an intuitive save function in place to save yourself the annoyance.On a final note, its my impression that the developers wanted you to push past these losses as they are constantly letting you know you are in an ocean that you have no control over and you will gain/lose characters often due to storyline but when you lose an invested in warrior to a minor choiceits nothing more than annoying.Final Thoughts:Its a great game and one many will love. I'm very happy to play what I have of this game and I plan on finishing it all the way through. Do I plan on playing it twice or more to see the other options? No. No. and No. But I feel compelled to see the rest of the story and love looking at this game. Not to mention it actually plays flawlessly and is very well developed in all aspects minus my disagreements with the character progression system and resource management. Play it if you like games similar to FFT and Fire Emblem and make your own opinion, I strongly urge this. Thank you Stoic for your modern SRPG and I look forward to your future works and to see you mature as a developer."
76561198074600279,Recommended,237990,9443096,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,JayDWright,This is one of the best strategy rpgs i have played since Final Fantasy Tactics.
,Recommended,237990,9461859,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,UndeadBob,"This game is a modernized Oregon Trail meets Final Fantasy Tactics with realistic cartoon graphics (see video in store page).  Very addictive, but very flexible. You can just walk away at almost any point and it will wait.  Great story so far, but there's a lot of reading and not many voice-overs. This is the only game i've seen in years where the non-discounted sale price is actually justified.  Will be following these developers."
,Recommended,237990,8985919,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Revan,"Absolutely stunning game. The artwork is some of the most beautiful i've seen yet in a game, and the music paired with it is quite the experience. The Turn based strategy gameplay is quite fun, and all the characters are unique, and interesting. Lots of dialogue, and instances where you must make choices that can have a significant impact on events through the rest of the game. All in all an outstanding game, and I'd definitely recommend it if you're a fan of Strategy and RPG games. Oh and if you also have a love for nordic tones. :)"
,Recommended,237990,8759501,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Explosivity,A brilliant and beautiful turn based tactical RPG. I haven't enjoyed following a story as much as this for a long time. Although some people my criticise the lack of complete voice acting for the game I believe it gives the game a sense of stoicism which adds to the overall feel for the story. Definatly worth the price and I definatly can't wait for more from Stoic.
,Recommended,237990,8850822,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,xxhexagonxx,"Love this game, the artwork is gorgeous and the gameplay a blast!"
76561198019409084,Recommended,237990,13577872,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xuenay,"Usually, whenever things go wrong in a game that offers multiple-choice decisions, I tend to reload and pick a better option. And while I did succumb to that a few times in this game, for the most part I didn't, even when my decisions had really tragic consequences. Because that would have felt like a violation of the game's aesthetic of despair, loss, and hard choices.In fact, I do not even intend to replay this game. Don't get me wrong: it is a fantastic game, which would deserve a replay. I expect to make some of my friends sit down in front of it and play it while I watch.But I, personally, will not be replaying this game. The choices I made in it are what they are. As a consequence of my decisions, many characters died, and many characters survived. To play the game again, to change some of those choices, would feel disrespectful for all those who died, as well as to all those who survived.No other game has made me feel like this."
,Recommended,237990,15400967,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Nice game!7/10
76561198005651774,Recommended,237990,9436322,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,~SJ~ Zendric,Holy wow its pretty good I think
,Recommended,237990,17180592,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,hitt.william,"Although I wouldn't call the battle system equal or superior to the new Shadowrun titles or X-COM, the decision points you encounter as your caravan traverses the land give the title a unique and interesting flavor.  Every encounter can be a source of warriors, supplies, an item - but you may misplace your trust along the way."
76561198034739084,Recommended,237990,17232646,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,RingoJimBaka,"TLDR: Banner Saga left me with an intense hunger for more, which is so much worse as the game is so awesome!If you like the Fire Emblem series, consider playing this game. It has some interesting takes on the tactical RPG genre, an awesome art style with beutiful scenery and rich characters. I found the story interesting and was especially impressed by the hardship and difficult choices of a refugee story arc.I was, however, also a little frustrated. The skill caps of your heros are very low, and I feel the leveling/customization choices  are quite limited. At least you get a lot of heros to try out but you don't get enough time and resources to explore them all very well. I also did not like that the narrative unnecessarily imposes that you play a certain character. Especially in a part, where Alette, a relatable girl, could easily be the main character you are forced into the role of Rook, her father, and have to decide her fate with some patronizing choices. And then the story ends very abruptly."
76561198033457591,Recommended,237990,16728266,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DoDisNameWork?,"I my god...this game is a beautiful games and is the few games where I do not regret staying up from 10am to 3am playing. The art is beautiful and give enough story to make the game seam complete while cauisng me to beg for more (seriously I am not above begging on my knees for the next game to come out now). I purchased this game through the steam sale, but it is definetly worth every cent of the sticker price. In short, it was a BEAUTIFUL game (I cannot praise this game enough) that I cannot wait for the next one to come out."
,Recommended,237990,16634737,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,large lad,im a shell of man10/10
76561198099103143,Recommended,237990,16590640,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mishy,Beautiful game and I cannot wait to play the next one. Of course I wish there was a third option for the end...but I wont say any more beyond that. Spoilers and all.
,Recommended,237990,16606657,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shira,"Really good game for $4.99.Awesome music, fine story, well written artwork and cool fight system.Can't say a lot, you just buy it, play for 2 hours and if you don't like it, you can always refund it.Personally I enjoyed this game."
76561198038968789,Recommended,237990,16608263,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JessiePinkman,"Amazing story and challenging gameplay, i really liked this game.The choices you make ar really important to influence the story and to make you feel like you are really in the game.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awesome"
76561198010596795,Recommended,237990,16570203,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Killo M,"A great story driven game, I was hugely interested the whole way through, nicely challenged at appropriate times and really enjoyed the story. Rather disappointed with the end... But I want more!"
,Recommended,237990,12292380,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Fatal'z Nutz,"Wow.. this game is amazing. The art style, gameplay, and story all come together fantastically. I would definitely recommend this game!"
76561198042225625,Recommended,237990,16131544,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,"POETRY!It reminds me of the great old game 'King of Dragon Pass', has similar style of pseudo-nordic mythology & the turn-based strategy/comics quest gameplay. The battles are not so great (little clumsy), but battles aren't the main point, beautiful art compensates.ПОЭЗИЯ!Напоминает прекрасную старую игру ""Король Драконьей долины"", тот же стиль псевдонордической мифологии и игровой процесс из смеси походовой стратегии и комикс-квеста. Битвы немного неуклюжие, но не в них главная фишка, тут красиво!"
76561197970499534,Recommended,237990,9861473,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,AwfulRob,Real interesting story with a true feeling of hopelessness.  Can't wait for the next episode
,Recommended,237990,16917634,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Grape Alchemist,"The Banner Saga is a wonderful story driven strategy game. Every decision you make will impact your playthrough in any given way. The art style is very cartoonish and is quite charming. With E3 just behind us now, I can safely say that I am looking forward to The Banner Saga 2. 10/10"
76561198001991627,Recommended,237990,16895306,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,[YAAR] Killahs,"I don't usually put any sort of rating on steam, but after finishing The Banner Saga, I can already say that I had to extend the list of my most favourite games ever played. This game might no be for everyone due to its unique style, but the story and soundtrack are so amazing that the journey through the game feels great and nothing like I've played before. If you like a good storyline and have the time to play this game thoroughly; reading and speaking to all the characters to get a better picture of the world, then I can't recommend you enough to get this game."
76561198059838078,Recommended,237990,13886472,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Warrior Class Bread,"If you like strategy/turn-based games, then you are going to like this game! I like it.But somehow if you watch that ONE episode of South Park...You can't help but to remember that episode prancing around in the back of your head.Solid game."
76561197970481671,Recommended,237990,8886845,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Testo,very good story driven game. The choices you make matter. Music and art style is excellent and provides a very good setting.
,Recommended,237990,13961796,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,andrewbuckles,"While the combat system is a bit on the flawed side, the artwork, story and situations more than makeup for it.  It's a game I see myself playing through again in a few years, once I have forgotten what I did the first time."
76561198134713989,Recommended,237990,14137746,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Red Snake,"Good tactical game with reasonable strategy element. Different philosophy from the standard strategy game of ganging up on the weakest. Combat a little frustrating at first but once you learn the meat of the strategy and get the hang of it it will be easier.Okay storytelling and have decisionmaking which will impact the content of the story, but not the ultimate ending. The story itself however, didn't manage to hook me.The ""oregon trail"" part is linear, no real choice on what location you want to go. The weakest part of the game IMHO.Still, a good game to sank 15 hours of your life."
,Recommended,237990,14103449,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dinkleburg,"Great gameplay, beautiful artwork, compelling story.  Can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,237990,14797644,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,stuart.thiel,"This game is epic. What appears to be a simple tactical combat engine is an incredibly in-depth system. You can learn through experimentation or through paying attention to some dialogue. The ""tutorial"" bits at the beginning help too. I strongly urge people to avoid reading how to play the game, just play it through. Struggle with it. Let that struggle immerse you in the amazing story. Ask yourself who you are.Really, though, I play a lot of games, and from a technical standpoint they did a really great job on this. Both a satisfying ludic experirience, as well as a narrative one.  No need for fancy graphics to hide the mediocrity found in most modern games. But that's not to say that the art isn't just as beautiful as the music in this game.  I think it's even worth another one or two playthroughs."
76561197998718279,Recommended,237990,11850712,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,l33tspock,"Utterly amazing game, truly what inspires what people want to see when they hear 'role playing game', this is a true SRPG.  Many strategy games seem to lack this essence, this game has it spot on more than any in years for it's calaber and genra.Don't get me wrong, as much as I enjoyed this game, it was also too short, while replayability is high, you are essentially playing nordic organ trail after all---It simply leaves you wanting more.I'd part with 10 USD to play this if given a proper price range to assume my moneys worth.  If you don't like this one, I want to know whats wrong with you."
76561198027072448,Recommended,237990,8746078,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Maskwearer,"The game is simply fabulous. A rare mix of a tactical combat with equal dose of text adventuring, where both parts are most interesting by themselves and manyfold so due to their interaction. Tactical combat is an exquisite work of visual gaming art by itself, a rare case when out of elegance of simplicity a stunning complexity of battle is wrought. Adventuring part is equally a first-rate experience, where the most innocent (or well-intentioned) decision may lead to disastrous consequences, and sometimes vice-versa. And, last not least, all of it set with lovingly (and as for me, also breathtakingly) made CG.Also, it is very reminiscing of a much older game with many similar moments (including somewhat similar nordic setting) -King of Dragon Pass, which I recommend to anyone who liked Banner Saga."
76561198056807270,Recommended,237990,12066099,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sammah,"The Banner Saga is an excellent turn-based RPG, where decisions you make affect the outcome of the story and changes the lives of the games characters.The story is engrossing and revolves around a march to save your kinsmen from danger.  You lean to care about the people in your caravan, which make some of the decisions you have to make very difficult.  Although, this also gives the game a lot of replay value, as you strive to make better decisions, and protect more people in your caravan.Decisions are more than just choosing when to fight, or dialogue choices; when it comes down to it the entire game is a decision of how best to spend your resources.  Do you buy supplies for your caravan to help you get to the next area? OR upgrade your combat team? Or buy items to have your combat team? They each use the same resource, so you have to decide where to put your limited resource.  Even choosing how often and when to rest effects gameplay.The combat is isometric turn-based, and involves a lot of strategy, and can at times, be surprisingly challenging.  There are three game modes, to provide more or less challenge to the player.  Hard mode being very challenging indeed.Overall an enjoyable experience that will leave you wanting more.  As soon as I finished the game, I began researching if there was to be a sequel, and I was pleased to hear the play is for this game to be part of a trilogy.Definitely worth playing, and highly recommended."
76561198031413713,Recommended,237990,12048369,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,mahobilly2002,"Banner Saga is starkly beautiful and moving and has an interesting combat system. It is a lot like Oregon Trail for sad vikings and horned giants. You will be forced to make tough decisions about who lives and dies, and who will be remembered as a hero or a villain. It is however, quite short and has zero replay value. Understand that you are buying a one-time beautiful experience and be satisfied with that."
76561198005326260,Recommended,237990,11633309,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,coolmanclyde,"The look and music sold me, but the intro videos didnt completely convince me and left me wondering if I was going to waste $25. Took a little bit to get me completely engulfed into the story line and understand what was going on. But I must say after 2 hours of playing I am completely hooked and highly, HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoyes D&D, final fantasy tactics, Tolkien and Disney movies/stories.Very fun so far and I actually cannot wait to play through a second time with a different demeanor.Well worth the $25 I paid for it."
,Recommended,237990,11863375,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Thunder Pig,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game.  Others have written walls of text describing every aspect of the game, here is a brief summary.  The Banner Saga is a turn based tactical strategy game done the right way.  The combat flows with the story, and what a compelling story it is  In other games you might be itching to skip thru the cut scenes.  Never a once in The Banner Saga will even consider it.  This is because of the perfect harmony between the story and the visuals.  You will read other reviews telling you how visually appealing this game is and you should believe everyone one of them.The Banner Saga combat is fun, the lore is entrancing, and the visuals are a feast for the eyes.  I sincerely hope this is the beginning of a series that will continue you delight for years to come."
,Recommended,237990,11897697,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Busterdrag,"Interesting start to a new franchise. Not perfect by any meaning, but for what its worth, I had fun, was gripped by the story and moral choices and while the ending is *SPOILERS* a HUGE cliffhanger *SPOILERS* , I hope this game gets a sequel to expand on the story and universe.The bad things:-The game is really hard. Even on the easiest difficulty. But this doesnt need to be a bad thing, since loosing characters is integrated into the storyline and can help shape the story of each playthrough new.-Its not terribly long...if you do everything right, the campaign is done in around...8-9 hours, maybe less if you are more skilled and just accept the outcome of your choice instead of save scumming because a certain event left you with a sour taste.-The story starts promising, has a huge buildup, a dramatic climax...and a really bad cliffhanger. I won't spoil much more, but lets say that unless the devs actually get a sequel done (which may or may not fail depending on their current conflict withKing.comover the word Saga in their title), this will be a huge dissapointment, not unlike other promising projects like Kingdoms of Amalur or Loom.That said, its not too pricey and definitly a nice spin on the genre. So I can recommend it if you dont mind the above drawbacks and like challenging turn-based strategy rpgs."
,Recommended,237990,8786697,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,LovablePWNER,"Where do I start with this game. Well...it's amazing.The art and animation are beautiful, story is book worthy, and this is one of the rare games I've played where choices actually matter. I think of this as part Fire Emblem and part Oregon Trail. Fighting is turn based and requires a good deal of strategy as when to take off enemy armor or go straight for their health as well when to use your characters abilities. In the overworld you need to make sure you have enough supplies to get you from city to city and along the way events will happen from thieves stealing supplies to possible permanent character death. The same points you use to buy supplies are used to upgrade you heroes. Do you use the points to make your fighters better or do you buy supplies so that you can get to the next city? I had moments while playing where I felt acutal despair as I watched my supplies run dry hoping that maybe I could find some more supplies from an event and cursing myself for using to many points to upgrade units.Did I mention the art? Oh I did...WELL IT'S FREAKING GREAT!Though I only saw one animated cutscene in the game just watching your caravan walk across the plains and seeing beautiful mountains at your back. The God Stones with their elaborate designs that also give you a little insight to the lore of the world. The in-fight animations are also very good and I think there's something really cool about the way the magic looks in the game.I think this game was worth shelling out $25 but hey that's just me. With all of the choices you can make in the game I'm very willing to do a second playthrough on a harder difficulty."
,Recommended,237990,10887489,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Noobinizer,Good
,Recommended,237990,12191462,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Saitama@bobschi*,"TL;DR This is the game of the year for me, a work of art and a classic already in my mind.The Banner Saga is a game I did not look forward to, but which has surprised me in on every level. The fights are hard without feeling unfair. Resource management is amazingly difficult. The story and dialogues are well written and captivating. The art is beautiful and the soundtrack is simply amazing. The choices one has to face are hard but interesting and seem like they will suck me right back in when I return to the game. The voice acting is so well done that I wish that all of the dialogues would be spoken. The sound design just blew my mind in parts of the game. I think there's really nothing to add that could make the game better, it's to the point.This is one of the few games that have a soundtrack so well done that I've been listening to it since I own it. And it's one of the few games that has brought tears to my eyes. This is already a classic, due to it's superb design."
76561197992520287,Recommended,237990,9910114,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Maou,"You can see the developer didn't have a lot of funds, but the game is pretty good. The consequences of your choices are unpredictable, not like ""Name"" will remember this"".  The gods are dead, the sun has gone - RUN PATHETIC WHELP."
,Recommended,237990,11461743,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,K34RN3Y,"I had the luxury of playing this game over the summer, and I must say I am impressed.  The art and gameplay aspects really bring out the beauty of the game.  It wouldn't necessarily be an issue but I would have liked to see the games campaign being longer and definitley hope their is a sequel on the horizon.Its hard to beat a game based on Vikings, especailly one with an awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,237990,13719287,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,alexdompeling,Fasinating world. Hard choices. Looking forward to part II
76561197972527601,Recommended,237990,13719436,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ashmaria,"The Banner Saga is a fairly good strategic rpg. It has a story that manages to keep me interested, even if the story is one of the most bleak of any game I've ever played. I will warn, it can be a very difficult game."
,Recommended,237990,13818222,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,mopie,"everyone should play the banner saga - it’s incrediblefrom the artwork to the story telling to the sound to the game play the banner saga is one of the best and most lovingly crafted games i’ve ever playedat no point in my first play through did i feel like i was completely in control of the situation nor had any idea if i was making any of the right choices - and for that i was totally submerged into the role of rook, trying my best to get people to safety without any of the necessary preparations or provisionsthe characters are fantastic with really wonderful arcs and differing abilities that make for hugely customisable tactics in the fighting sections of the gamethe game is so so gorgeous, a wonderful mix of intensity, humanity, frustration, reward and heartbreak. am really looking forward to seeing how the story continues as the [proposed] trilogy commences"
76561198023696423,Recommended,237990,15521295,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ButtGoblin,Wonderful game.  One of the best stories to come along in years.  Artwork and style gives a genuine 'Nordic' feel.  Gameplay is smiplistic but still challenging and extremely entertaining.
76561197995290400,Recommended,237990,14473147,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Desserter,"Banner Saga is a study in videogames as a storytelling medium. The score, the sounds, the visual style, and the writing all work together beautifully to tell the story of a merciless world falling apart. It's tense and you're always on the verge of annihilation, and the music alone could tell you so. It's gritty, and the crunches of axes breaking armor and the grunts and moans of the injured make you feel it. People are fragile and the perpetual march is exhausting, and the heavy shambling motions of bodies shows you so.  As the leader, you constantly have to arbitrate the problems of your followers, keep them optimistic, keep them fed, and keep them alive while a continent of panicking and desperate people is being overrun.  Everything harmoniously comes together to weave an atmosphere where feelings of dread and anxiety are constant. Your choice isn't whether or not people die, it's who dies now so that fewer will die later.  In every artistic regard this game is an achievement.Unfortunately it's not for everyone, though. Its roots are in the artistry, not the gameplay--people have some valid complaints about that. Only some. I didn't dislike the gameplay at all, but I was very wrapped up in every other part of the game.Play it for the experience."
,Recommended,237990,14487311,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Gastel,"As a fan of turn based strategy games I can't say that The Banner Saga is a great game. The strategic part is very basic and isn't more complex than a game of checkers. Also the user interface is really abysmal, the worst I've ever seen in a strategic game. For example you can't inspect your team members attributes and abilities when choosing who to bring in battle. While in battle the interface isn't better and choosing the action to perform feels very cheap. Abilities are described ""with text"" like a game from 20 years ago, no icons and no visual aids. Very very basic.Despite all this I still recommend the game; why? Because the story is tragic and mature like it rarely happens in games lately. It is really up to Norse Myths standards... The music is a masterpiece that is alone worth the price of the game and the experience, as whole, feels like a work of love from its developers. So even if I can't fully recommend it as a game I still recommend it without hesitation as a work of ""art""."
76561198049188699,Recommended,237990,15427449,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nikolaus I,"Great story, great music, great gameplay. Love it!"
,Recommended,237990,11295262,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Pseudo,Beautiful art. Wonderful writing. Enjoyable gameplay. Lots of hard decisions and painful losses. One of the best games I've played.
,Recommended,237990,15368466,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ColeYote,"This is a very hesitant thumbs up. See, what this page kinda neglects to mention is this is part one of a planned trilogy. I mean, I don't think I can verbally describe to you the look of ""what?"" on my face when the credits rolled just after what felt like the end of the first act. And while I don't generally mind multi-part stories, I think each game should at least have a satisfying self-contained story that ties in with the larger story. One series I like to point to on that is Harry Potter. Each book in that series has a self-contained story, but they also all tie in to the series-long story. This game... there's not much in the way of resolution by the end is what I'm saying. I guess in some ways that's a good thing, since if the game were much longer it would start to drag a bit, but... I just wish I'd known.Other than that, it's got a unique story, an interesting world, a unique visual style, the combat is decent (albeit a bit repetitive after a while), and I do genuinely think it's a good game; it just isn't a finished story."
,Recommended,237990,8865112,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lade,What a game.....WHAT...A......GAME!I loved it.  It grips you with a pair ofVIKING GAUNTLETSand wont let go until you've finished it.  You fret with each decision you have to make.  You think turns forward on the battlefield because if you don't the enemy will punnish you.  Fantastic music and writing.  THIS is what games should be like.  THIS is a game you should play!
76561198018940595,Recommended,237990,8747565,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cat Lord,"Through its amazingly beautiful artworks, The Banner Saga unfolds its story before your eyes like a good book: It doesn't explain you everything firsthand, or spoil its world with ""explanations for dummies"" of why this story and where is what.No, it treats you as an intelligent reader (rather, gamer) and only leads you by hints, letting your imagination to fill the gaps between the narrative, like in a proper novel. Although you are not quite sure where the story is going, you know it's epic, desperate, and at the same time, contains enough rays of hope that let you long for your characters to reach peace and a better day.True, from a pure gaming perspective, although clever, its mechanics stay very simple, and could be seen as repetitive. But you don't want to win every battle out of cleverness, to ""beat the game"". You want to win them so that maybe, hopefully, this will save more of your clansmen, fighters and varls. Because the story infuses you with empathy for its likeable and complex characters, offers you few but tough choices, you end up really carring for them, not because you have level them up, but because of who they are: Rook, Alette, Iver, and all the others, struggling to survive, being doubtfull about their (yours !) decisions, hoping they will reach a happy ending.The Banner Saga is quite a unique game, because it manages something very hard to reach with this media: It conveys emotions.I can understand it's not a journey for everyone, but it definitely transported me..."
76561198029231123,Recommended,237990,9011495,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Lenlo,"Banner Saga with its gorgeous art style, amazing world and well craft branching story, has earned a special place in my heart and library as one of only afew games with stories that managed to make me cry. Each and every character, not to mention the entire world, is filled with detail's and information. Should Stoic make another game in this world, and they without a doubt should, if it was anything like this I would buy it in an instant."
76561198029887848,Recommended,237990,9948125,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,DAVA,"After completing this game once here's the best way to describe it:Breathtaking.Now I don't mean that in a lame metaphorical way specifically, but suffice it to say that there will be times where you will be caught completely off guard by the plot, and the fact that you had direct influence on it. I immediately started playing again, not for the sake of acheivements or even getting a ""best ending"" but just wanting to do things a little differently.I'm not really a connoiseur when it comes to music, but unlike other games I never listened to my own music on top of the game's.Visually this game is amazing. Boiled down, yea its a bunch of simply cycling illustrations, but those illustrations are brilliantly done, and never make you feel like you're watching some dumb gif loop.In line with that it is one of the only games I can play on my laptop's fan run like a jet engine, which is to say, it is in no way demanding for any computer to run.That said, assuming that the place where my first game ended is in fact the ending of the game, I think the loose ends did catch my attention. That didn't at all take away from the overall experience, and if anything it makes me think that they will (hopefully) be releasing a sequel, what with the girth of lore that was given to the game. Over your travels within the game you travel not even a fifth of the presented world, but it never feels like you're missing anuything. In actuality it just made me wish I could go farther, which is probably the right way for a game to make you feel.The combat is fantastic. I was amazed and enthralled with Factions, and the minor tweaks that were made to pre and during combat gameplay was done with this game in mind, not bending to any sort of predesigned border. Such a thrilling experience during every battle.A small thing that I really did appreciate was that RNG was in the hands of the player. Only by equipping certain items did RNG ever come into play, which is something I wish a lot of Tactical Strategy RPGs (or what have you) would do as well.TL;DR,A game with the smallest of blemishes that left me wanting more, 9.5/10"
76561198078887165,Recommended,237990,9197370,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,TheDungeonMaster,"This is an amazing game. Its well-executed turn based mechanics reminicent of Fire Emblem combined with a great story make this a worthy investment. Also, choices in this game really matter. instead of having a ""good or evil"" meter, you feel the effects of your choices through real, game changing events. Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who likes story, strategy, and real choices. No. Scratch that. Just go buy it. seriously."
76561197995519350,Recommended,237990,12358659,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,meh,The Banner Saga has some of the best music that I've heard in a game. Ever wanted to be in an epic mythological viking saga? Then you've come to the right place. 10/10.
,Recommended,237990,12287580,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Taco Tomb ✈,"The game is essentially Oregon Trail, but instead of pioneers, it's vikings, and instead of hunting ducks, you fight monsters. The story is so damn good and the art is so beautiful that it's pretty much impossible not to get sucked in though, and combat system is fun, with enough strategy in it to keep things interesting.Although it looks like an animated movie, it's pretty dark at times, and some of the decisions I've had to make have made me feel legitimately guilty IRL. And I can't say enough how beautiful the art in this is. I would legitimately put up some of the backgrounds from this game as art on my wall."
,Recommended,237990,12979374,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TRS_Ashton,"Beatiful, brutal game. I absolutely loved it! If you ever enjoyed any turn based tactics game, or if you like Vikings, beautiful art or great music and audio, you should give this a look. So good, I'd buy it twice!"
76561198091269627,Recommended,237990,10869581,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Generous_J,"Bought this in the Summer Sale. Great game, played the feck out of it. 14 Hours in 2 days. Heartily reccomended. 8.5/10There's a heavy enough story but it's delivered with cool art and a nice soundtrack. The story doesn't detract from the gameplay in anyway but rather adds to it and engrosses you in the world. You get to choose which characters to use so you even get attached to some. The theme is like Ord Norse gods/ Viking warriors twinned with other fantasy elements. If you've read David Gemmel, I kept on thinking of the Varl as Druss the Legend type guys.Essentially this is a turn based rpg, like X-Com,  with story elements and travel/ market mechanics. If you loved X-Com, which I did, you will love this."
,Recommended,237990,13792857,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,M Lind // the Mage,"The wellwritten story sucked me deep into the game's world and characters. I thoroughly enjoyed playing it through. Both the soundtrack playing and setting the atmosphere and the casual simple yet changing gameplay from story to strategic battle along with getting to know to characters and their capabilities kept me at it. I loved the nordic scandinavian mythological inspired setting and the options in it. What I sit back with having finished is a feeling of wanting to try it over again some time, see if I can alter the things I did in my past game and how it will change the experience. I'd recommend this to any of my friends who enjoy a good story, a casual game, a grasping and nice story along with a track of music that will make you love the game even more."
76561197999911750,Recommended,237990,13816427,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BonzaiSVK,WOw this is just one piece of art... Yeah it could be done better.. but why?.. this way its special... really great story.. twisted things happening... you have to really think what to do..what to say.. to trust or not to trust...Just amazing !! one of my best online buys ever !!
76561198104218615,Recommended,237990,10121754,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Tormaan,"This game is a combination of beautiful artwork, wonderful music and sound stimulation, and several different gaming style compiled into one. it successfully combines the tactical, almost chess-like gameplay that other games such as Fire Emblem are known to use in one way or another, as well as the caluclating numbers games that have been a staple to the gaming world for ages. A well constructed choice system with consequences that are not always obvious allows for some leeway and flexibility in the end result, as well as the replayability within the game. My only question about this game would be, when is there going to be more?"
,Recommended,237990,10137562,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Villaribo,Fantastic comics story with excellent turn-based mechanics. Awesome!
,Recommended,237990,10296516,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PublicLewdness,"First off, this game is amazing. Great visuals, great story, combat system that is fairly entertaining (not terribly deep, though the character abilities can really change up your playstyle), and a score that, while it isn't as expansive as I would like, is fantastic. Don't read a walkthrough your first time through the game, just pick the decisions for story/random events the way you think is best. These decisions you make may not change the grand scope of what happens, but they leave you agonizing over which decision you think would be best, and they do have an effect on who lives and dies, and many other factors. Characters are fantasic.Now, I need to mention the things I disliked. While I liked the oregon trail aspect of keeping your caravan going, it is annoying that, outside of story events or random events, you can only get food using the same currency as you use to upgrade your troops. Would have preferred an additional option to get food along the way, maybe go hunting or something, idk. Just felt there wasn't much proactive you could do on that front.Also, the music, as mentioned above, is excellent, but there isn't enough of it. Tracks do get repeated, though not so much that it got on my nerves. And again, it is great music.The story ends at a good enough point to have some conclusion before the next installment, but I can't help but feel it ended a bit too soon.The clansmen were really just a useless number. I kept them alive and fed because that's what I wanted my character to do, but there seemed to be little incentive to save people besides ""be a decent person"". Maybe that was intentional? Fighters and Varl only matter in battles, which is kinda lacking, but it still rewards you for keeping your warriors alive so that your subsequent battles are easier.I also encountered a few bugs. Nothing serious or game breaking, but one is at the end, to activiate an ability that is needed to advance, I fulfilled the requirements (reduced the target's armor to the point that I wouldn't miss), but it wouldn't let me use it. Reloaded and tried again, worked just fine. Another happened only in battles I had Egil in, but the character it happened to wasn't constant. I would order a character to move or attack, and suddenly they would move in the OPPOSITE direction and end their turn. This only happened to me rarely, but still irked me.Still, I loved it. Played it twice (three times if you count when I lost my save data [my fault] and restarted).Edit: A few things I'd like to add. First, the lore is fantastic, a lot of thought went into creating the places, people, and things in the world.Also, if you like Fire Emblem, I'd highly recommend this game. I like it better than Fire Emblem, because characters don't permadie if they fall in battle. I felt like having that happen in Fire Emblem necessitated restarting the chapter, as you'd miss out on any character specific convos, endings, etc, all because a stupid enemy critted a 11% chance to hit, 3% chance to crit. Banner Saga, if people die, it's because of decisions you made."
76561198051971343,Recommended,237990,16630897,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BlackHawk,"The Banner Saga is one of those indie games you just gotta try out! So deep, challenging and fun to play. Tons of little stories and choices you take, make an impact on you, and they all feel important for your caravan! It is so fun to lead your people through mountains and valleys while managing supplies and moral of your caravan. Ending is a little bit weird, and leave a lot of things unsaid. Maybe we're to expect and expansion or sequel? Hope so :) Very good RPG, 8/10"
,Recommended,237990,16020303,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[82DK] Rook,"This game is outstanding. The art and story are among the best I've ever experienced in video games. I'd recommend this to anyone who puts story first in games, because the Banner Saga is heavy with conversation and exploration - that said, the combat is great and there are plenty of opportunities to choose diplomacy by sword over conversation if that's more your style.I'll never grow tired of looking at screenshots of this game. Absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,237990,16865580,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,BrianBoitano,"Great story line ,artwork and music."
76561198158890017,Recommended,237990,18101364,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,majopa83,"This was a great game! What really stands out is the awesome music, i'd listen to the music all day long! Story and gameplay was good and the choices you made had impact."
76561198032843470,Recommended,237990,16399576,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ijt,so good
76561198146097782,Recommended,237990,31072448,Posted: 10 April,all,pbosworth,"I wanted to play a turn-based strategy that reminded me of the old PS1 Final Fantasy Tactics and this game was highly rated on Steam. I'm really impressed with the range of units, engaging story, and really meaningful choices that you have to make. The game doesn't feel like it's on rails like so many games do now."
76561198021922182,Recommended,237990,17573726,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,prison mike,"There are not many games that can boast being remotely as beautiful, challenging, and atmospheric as The Banner Saga.The Banner Saga is, at its core, a turn-based RPG. The turn-based combat is conducted on a ""game board"" with square spaces for your units to occupy. Truthfully, The Banner Saga's combat works well enough, but it's not anything special - there's nothing innovative or exceptional about it. It serves its purpose well enough, is fun, and offers some challenge. What makes The Banner Saga so wonderful is just about everything else about it.It's difficult to summarize all of the aspects The Banner Saga does really well. Right off the bat however, you'll probably notice both the art and audio of the game are fantastic.It's rare to find a game that creates a unique artistic vision and implements it so well, while still managing to include a great, effective soundtrack. It's probably fair to say a lot of games struggle with nailing either one of these, let alone both. But, The Banner Saga creates a beautiful, deeply atmospheric experience with its classically inspired animation visuals and moving soundtrack. Of course, this could be all for nothing if it's being used to prop-up a weak story; fortunately, it isn't.If I'm being honest, I don't think I could name another game that comes close to creating such an oppressive story and atmosphere. The pacing of The Banner Saga is excellent; there's a true feeling of dread and desperation constantly building from chapter to chapter as you try to make (what you think are) the best decisions for your caravan, while fighting through seemingly impossible odds. This is a game full of choices - who to accept into your caravan, who to help, when and where to camp, who to take with you into battle - there are many, often tough, decisions that you'll have to make. All of these decisions are presented well, and all of them have consequences, some dire. This makes each playthrough potentially unique.In The Banner Saga, the world is crashing down around you, and you're left facing insurmountable odds. It will be up to you to lead men, women, and varl. You'll make many decisions, some of which you may come to regret. The world of The Banner Saga is bleak and grim. It's hard not to look at this game with a sense of both wonder and despair, and for that it's impossible for me not to recommend it."
,Recommended,237990,13836535,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aimano,"This game is engrossing as hell. It's challenging (for me anyways), beautiful and just atmospheric. Reminds me of ye old disney animation movies like the sword in the stone. Awesome movie, check it out as well."
,Recommended,237990,10155076,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Warthyme,I really dig this game for a lot of reasons/ The art style and story telling are just fantastic. The strategy is seriously addicting and has quite a bit of nuance to the system. Even the story choices you make have serious consequences and surprise outcomes. Buy this game! It's great!
76561198117382615,Recommended,237990,10256653,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,fannarh,Algjör snilld. I was totali cought in the story of this game and didn´t stop playing until I won in the best possible way. I hope I don´t have to wait long for the other 2 games of the Banner Saga Trilogy.
76561198119575471,Recommended,237990,10148771,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,AutumnSentinel,"Excellent both for gameplay and story. I found myself getting attached to the characters even very early on. The story will keep you interested and wil constantly give you difficult decisions to make. It certainly isnt afraid to pull punches either. It will certainly punish you for some choices. Unfortunately the game is short, but I found myself going to back to play it again."
,Recommended,237990,10191039,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,i am man 7555,"Great art.  Great atmosphere.  Really fun.  I wish Fire Emblem was on steam, this is the next best thing (better art, combat is different as it switches every turn, not after all of your units have moved).  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,237990,12042572,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,▼,"Impressive strategy RPG with beautifully hand drawn animations and travelling sequences. Choices in encounters during caravan travels add both to the story and battle strategy, introducing a population and resource management aspect which changes depending on how the player chooses to engage enemies in group battles vs using army reserves in a cautious or direct manner. The Banner Saga has turned out to be a far more charming and deeper game than I had ever expected. More and more mechanics are introduced as one gets further into the campaign. This is one of the most satisfying SRPG / adventure experiences in a long time. I had hesitated due to the price, but for the current midweek madness sale, $10 is an amazing deal. If you were holding off for any reason, now is the time to pick up this title. I see now that even the price of $14.99 or even $20 still seems very reasonable!"
,Recommended,237990,16379137,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kat,Beautiful game. Wonderful music. Solid gameplay.Minor annoyances include:-Oregon Trail feel at times-Running out of supplies and not being able to hunt for food like in Oregon Trail-Story wraps itself up in this medieval-fantasy cloak and hopes you don't question it too carefully. There are points that don't make a lot of sense and questions that are never answered. And it just sort of... ends. I would have rather had a longer game and no Banner Saga 2. I feel a little bit gypped rather than excited for a sequel.
,Recommended,237990,8836883,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,kBrad,"This is everything I've been looking for in a video game as of late.The art is amazing, the story is amazing, the combat is spot-on and really tough."
76561197977430370,Recommended,237990,17558367,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,.rama,"Good story and pace, very riveting in it's own slow way. Very good nordic atmosphere and soundtrack. Looking forward to the sequal which I'm definetly going to play! 10/10 one of the best games I've played in a very long time"
76561198024713974,Recommended,237990,10627983,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LoreSmith,"Amazing artwork, good music, engaging gameplay. Banner Saga took me by surprise but it seems this kickstarter baby has paid off. While the story can be harsh at times it is certainly rewarding."
,Recommended,237990,12168710,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,DaddyBlastoise,"Was a fun game, kind of reminded me of Final Fantasy Tactics but with a nordic theme. My only complaint was that it was too short."
76561198008367996,Recommended,237990,9579371,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,cameron,It's like a JRPG but the characters don't all look like little girls
,Recommended,237990,14423622,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,RuySan,"Probably one of the best looking games I’ve ever played. I wish these guys could make an animated full length film, it’s just gorgeous. The game is a CYOA book mixed with a tactics game, and both are very well done. The tactics part has every elegant and clean mechanics, but I wish there were a bit more variety in the battles. It was still extremely enjoyable, and some extra appreciation must go to the fantastic soundtrack."
,Recommended,237990,10194548,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Corndoggeh,"The Banner Saga ranks as one of my favorite games of all time. The reluctant viking themed universe makes me giddy and jump at the chance of learning more about the lore of The Banner Saga. While there is no actual audio dialogue except in the intro, the game really allows your mind to wanter and the art and graphics of the game are amazingly beautiful. Gameplay is almost like chess and once you get to the hardest difficulty, stratagy and character choice are imperitive to your success. Amazing game, recommended to anyone who enjoys this style or the immersive story telling."
76561198008680343,Recommended,237990,15574369,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sufficient Title,"i don't find myself in awe of things very often, but numerous times in this game i've had to just stop, and stare, and say ""wow"""
,Recommended,237990,22442959,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MekaniDragon,"A beautiful but harsh Tactical RPG, inspired in norse mithology. Travel through an apocalliptic medieval escenario, protecting you caravan and figting numerous perils.And remerber in the Banner Saga, every victory and failure will be recorded for the next chapter.__________________________________________________________________________________"
76561198010339747,Not Recommended,237990,10207500,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Beer Drinking Burke,"This is the kind of game that I want to like. I like turned based combat. I like the setting. It has great art, and a fantastic musical score. But I can't recommend it, certainly not at this price. For ten dollars, maybe.I love games, and I love trying out games. I just felt really put off by this one however. Maybe they overstretched themselves, got too ambitious. There are some big aspirations here. But the core game mechanics are not so strong, and the story line is hard to follow.Maybe it will be improved down the road, but if you are interested I suggest at the very least waiting for a sale and a substantial discount. I got it on a 25% discount and I am kind of regretting it.Seehttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/the-banner-saga/user-reviews?dist=negativefor more reviews to balance out all the gushing press."
76561198058969358,Recommended,237990,22753149,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Tyr,"The Banner Saga has great animation, a compelling story, and choices thatreallymatter."
,Recommended,237990,22754088,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,cuppacocoa,this turn-based rpg is soooo cool! It follows the stories of a species called Varl and Men fighting alongside each other for the first time in centuries against the evil force of the Dredge. The story is great and your choices really carry weight. I love the strong female characters and the art is beautiful~ It has a strong Viking feel to it and just about anyone could enjoy it.
,Recommended,237990,13467152,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sudanna Susquehanna Saguenay,"A solid turn-based strategy game with a great world and good stories. Choices that are actually impactful and realistically unclear. The logistical stuff is mostly superfluous, but that's okay."
,Recommended,237990,8724200,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,onemeg,"I just want to say I'm completely enchanted by this game...I love the story and the lore, the thought that was put into crafting this story. I find the artwork beautiful, and the combat fun. I love the fact that my choices have consequences, even if some of the consequences are painful...when something bad happens I just consider what I might do on another play through.I find the combat interesting and somewhat complex...it is taking me a little time to figure out what each characters' strengths are and how to best use them (and I'm sure I haven't got it all sorted just yet, but I like the challenge). I'm not in a rush to finish, and am enjoying every moment. The only thing ""bad"" I can say is that I've read there is only about 9 hours of gameplay...I would have preferred to pay $50 and gotten a full game if that is the case. But that being said I am really loving this game and wanted to provide a different perspective to some of the naysayers.Someone said that the outcome of choices weren't ""transparent"" enough, lol yes, that's kind of the point I think. What fun would it be if you knew exactly what would happen with each choice you make? I like the uncertainty, I like that bad (and good!) things happen unexpectedly based on what you do. I like this game in general, and applause the devs for creating something so unique. I know that you can't please everyone, but consider me one of the pleased! Thanks! And can't wait for more <3"
,Recommended,237990,12039187,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Katzenwerfer,"This is an exquisitely crafted game.  The visuals speak for themselves, and along with stunningly stark dialogue, they bring the Scandinavian roots of the story to life.  The solemn acceptance of difficult decisions shines in this grim context; choice and consequence have rarely been this profound.I'll try again:  If you took Oregon Trail, and then mashed it together with some Front Mission, borrowed the themes and flavour of Snorri Sturleson, and then had it lovingly painted by Disney's best artists, it might look something like this.Games which are this difficult to concisely describe probably deserve your attention."
76561198042978788,Recommended,237990,16636958,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Old Scratch,Nice casual game.
,Recommended,237990,22524821,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Big Black Shobe,Excellent gameplay and graphics even with my lowest-end gpu.
,Recommended,237990,18225414,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Exhilarated Trash,"I have finished the game, and decided to write a review afterwords so I can give you my one hundred percent honest review of this game, especially since I can recall every about it since I've just finished it.STORYThe Banner Saga is one of those games that you see it, and say, ""That looks epic."" And it really is. The story of the game is lengthy, and it took me eight hours to beat it (however, I played it on Easy which I highly recommend you play for your first playthrough, since this game is VERY unforgiving in combat later on). You switch from two groups in the game who are trying to survive in this world, which is inspired by Viking mythology and design. However, the game focuses on one after the first three or four chapters. The group that isn't the main group is about a group of varl (giant humans who have horns sticking out of their heads) trying to deliver the prince of the humans back to his home, while also having their soon to be varl with them. The main group is about a man, named Rook, trying to escape from the Dredge (stone-like golems that seem to want nothing more than death and destruction, and the end of the world) while protecting his daughter.You play as Rook most of the game, while you sometimes go to the varl group as you see their story unfold. In the end, their paths will intertwine. That is all I can give about the story without giving spoilers, but I will say it's one of the greatest stories I've ever seen in a videogame. And the game had even surprised me many times with emotional moments, which I didn't expect in a game like this.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay of the game is very simple. Outside of combat, you make choices by clicking on one of the options of what to do. And I will say, there is no voice acting in this game. Some voice acting comes up when they talk about a town, since you must travel from town-to-town while managing supplies and morale (like Oregon Trail, but easier). Conversations should the characters speak to one another, but you merely read the words. To me, it felt like reading a visual novel, but yet it was so well done. In combat, you also use the mouse. The combat is turn-based RPG, where units have armor and strength (health). If you damage armor, you can basically kill enemies in one hit by hitting their strength afterwards. However, you get numbers of how much your unit will take off, and it's very nice and clean. The combat animations are slick, and characters look fantastic in the art design the game has done. Combat can take up to five minutes, or twenty depending on how good you are at strategy, which you don't have to worry as much in Easy mode. The battles at first are simple and easy, but later on you will get your♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked, because the Dredge are powerful and sometimes unfair on higher difficulties. So, if you're playing the game for the first time, play it on Easy. You will enjoy it a lot more.DESIGNAs I've stated, the game looks gorgeous with it's hand-drawn graphics that are breath-taking at moments. Everything fits together, and everybody looks different in the game, despite on character who you don't get more then ten minutes, so it's fine. Every character looks like they could be real, and the game actually makes you care about these characters,  So if you make a choice that kills one, or one just dies in battle, you really do feel the emotional impacts. You have the characters you love, and the characters that annoy you, and the characters you hate. It really does feel like a visual novel in a way, but with choices and some fighting including some RPG elements, but it does a fine job of making worth playing.VERDICTThe Banner Saga is one of the games that you can't wait for the sequel to come out (especially since the only thing that stunk was that it ended suddenly, and will pick off in the game with your choices, so we can only hope the next game[s] are as good as this one) and truly surpirsed me. It shows that RPG turn-based combat works really well for an amazing story that this game has. You feel connected to the characters, and when one dies, you feel that emotional impact as you can even cry sometimes. Sure, it doesn't have fancy cutscenes and has a lot of reading, but it's one of the best RPG games out there, and I will be waiting for when the next game comes out, and probably praise that game too.  9/10"
76561198029802654,Recommended,237990,15468262,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,wusch,This game is definitly worth buying for everyone who likes Viking Mythology and or Tactic games. It tells the first part of a very good Story you will most likely love and the FIghts are well done and thanks to the adjustable Difficulty everybody can it have harder or easier. The Fighting System is with it's turn order and the Armor/Strength system a bit unlike you are used to but you will easily get the hang of it.The Sequel is already in work.
,Recommended,237990,12064135,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Kirwynn,"I bought this game on sale for ten dollars, I played it like crazy and burned through it because I needed to see what happened next. I think for the length of the game it is a fair price, with plenty of incentive to play through the game again trying different combos in battle, and different story choices.I loved the combat, even if it took me a while to really get it, the story was incredible, and I was honestly hurt when certain events took place, and I had this feeling of absolute dread in my stomach when I was faced with three choices, none of which were good to me.My only gripe is how it ended, I won't spoil it, but while the ending I got, unsure if there are other endings, was incredibly powerful and hit me hard emotionally, I feel like it left too many questions, and I hope there will be a sequel because there are things I need to know, characters I need to see more of, at least some DLC would be nice."
76561197973037073,Recommended,237990,8745956,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ARXON,"Amazing game. Best turn based strategy + Oregon Trail + RPG story telling + amazing disney cartoon style HD graphics out there. Probably the best 15 hours of gaming I've had in a long time. Be prepared for Game of Thrones style harsh story. Your favorite characters will always be at risk of dying. Your choises will impact the lives of your caravan. Overall, one of the best overall experiences in gaming I've had in a while. Other than the annoying final boss this game was the near perfect turn based strategy + mass effect/KOTR style Oregon Trail choices style game ever."
76561198097417635,Recommended,237990,12913872,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,juice leskinen,WOW
76561198039746673,Recommended,237990,15408893,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,See you Space Cowboy...,"I sincerely believe that this game is worth everybody's time. I recommend this game, but I do not fully agree with its price.  The rather.. unimpressive overall production value and short campaign certainly does not take away from the game's enjoyment, but it does make it difficult to justify the price tag."
76561198030804166,Recommended,237990,11687727,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,rgmarett,Really enjoyed playing this game.  Love the artwork.
76561197999962488,Recommended,237990,12367221,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Greybeard,Let me just start off by saying that I enjoyed this game a lot. The dialog and decision making reminded me of The Walking Dead which is a game that really appeals to me. It's immersive and story driven. The artwork is absolutely amazing. I constantly kept gasping at the new beautiful scenery and stylistically rendered characters.The only negative thing one could say about it is that it's very linear and you're essentially rail-roaded around the whole game. This didn't bother me at all but I know it can be an issue with some people.
76561198245054488,Recommended,237990,23660445,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,tonypkavanagh1991,"First of all, this is such a beautiful game. The art direction is fantastic and very memorable. I have played many games where developers claim that 'your decisions affect the overall game'. This is a very bold statement and most games never truly live up to it. The Banner Saga more than lives up to this statement. The story is brutal and the gameplay can be unforgiving (in a good way), which only adds to its charm. In a time where developers will often play it safe and produce what is sure to sell, The Banner Saga is an absolute breath of fresh air. What I found most interesting about this game was the world, lore and its characters. It's deep and very well structured. It truly feels like an epic journey and when tragedy does strike it's often a very powerful moment. I can't wait to experience more games within this saga. 100% recommended."
,Recommended,237990,9493981,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Snow,"The Banner Saga is an incredibly beautiful game, and not just in terms of the astounding artwork. The characters, the monsters, the dialogue, and the interactions are all incredible. I found myself caring deeply for this intricately drawn Norse-ish people. Playing it for the first time, before my friends knew about it, was incredible. I powered through the game, only taking a break to sleep, and had a hard time holding back my tears. I love seeing the popularity it's grown into, and find it very well deserved.It's probably not for everyone, but if you like a good story that really immserses you as the party leader, you'll fall in love."
76561197966932725,Recommended,237990,18884619,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Al_CaPWNED,"Would be a good game if not for the random dice rolls that instantly kill characters you've spent hours developing.I'll pass on the rest of the series.Edit and update:Now that I have gone through it i'm going to upgrade my review a bit.It's not a tactical masterpiece and the gameplay elements are not terribly unique.  It is a decent game.  On steam that earns you a thumbs up.  The artwork is great and the lore combined with the story telling is above average.  I wish there was a little more depth in the character development and customization.  I love tactical RPG's but I wanted more tactics, more abilities and a larger variety of battlefields.Ultimately, every battlefield is the same and thus every battle feels the same.  Tactics barely change and the characters play the same throughout the game.  Some frustrating mechanics add further to my inability to love this game.5/10.   Still worth the price if you are into this sort of thing."
,Recommended,237990,10858154,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RUX,"12 hours left for the 50% off... If you didn't back this on kickstarter nows your chance to do the right thing!Great gameplay, great story arc, GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,237990,10539935,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rustyknight,"I really liked that game. Firstly, its graphic stlye and musics are really good. (I am listening it's soundtracs when im working.) But its a pretty hard game, and your decisions can change your fate. For example a choice in a conversation can let one of your hero die. And some you need some specific heroes if you want to use different tactics. Also you need to calculate your meterials to fed your people etc. so you always need to think carefully before act. Especially in harder modes. its not like some RTS or other popular strategy games. Maybe some people dont like that gaming and graphic style, but it looks very special and rich to me. Especially when you think today's popular games..."
,Recommended,237990,13313880,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Dayman,"Beautiful artwork,tough combat. and good story. I believe my choices had a big impact on the game. And you really should try and play it thourgh without changing your choices.  The game doesn't give you too many chances to do that anyway."
,Recommended,237990,13987873,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ggamefreak22,"Pretty nice looking game with a dark athmosphere combining simple strategy turn based combat with text box adventures. And on top of that, a great nordish soundtrack.Playtime is pretty short though..."
,Recommended,237990,14018352,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,aychp,"A solid game. Definately in the Fire Emblem and Advance Wars vein of games in that it is turn-based combat that relies heavily on strategy. Not only is the combat beautiful, the music and art are stunning. Highly recommended for turn-based strategy enthusiasts."
,Recommended,237990,14183694,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,alcantaraleo,"What a great RPG game. I kind of found this game by accident while navigating through Steam and after reading a bit about it online I decided to go ahead and buy it. It was a damn good decision.It is a bit of a different RPG as for most of it you are left with managing your caravan supplies and day to day problems. The game is linear so there isn't room for you to walk around and explore things like Skyrim or any other RPG out there. The thing about The Banner Saga is it story and how you go about it.Despite being straightforward regarding where you are going you have a say on how you are going to get there. The how in question is not about which route to take physically but rather emtionally and morally. As you travel with your caravan and your supplies dwindle should you threaten a farmer in order to obtain food? Or would you rather negotiate with him?  When a baby is born in your caravan do you stop and celebrate given people have been dying left and right? Or do you say, nope we don't have the resources to cheer, let's carry on?Another thing that really hooks you are the characters. Despite being rather short the game makes you care about each and everyone of the main chars. The problem with this is that no character is exempt from being killed during the game, and it ends up to you to choose weather to add a character to the lineup and potentially risk his/her death.At the end of the game, you end up feeling quite pleased of having survived the ride and also a bit depressed for all the bad things that happened to your party and caravan along the way. For me it was a sad thing to have killed Alette, the main character's daughter, at the final battle as she was my favorite character. Her funeral, in viking manner where her body is placed in a burning ship and sent along the river, was one of the most emotional moments in gaming for me."
76561198055094628,Recommended,237990,27582938,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Deeb,Oregon Trail mixed with Fire Emblem in a Norse like mythological setting.I've played through the game thrice now and I haven't grown tired of it yet. Here goes number four...
76561198017966774,Recommended,237990,12123927,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Spetsnaz,"My, what to say... just finished my first play through. Gripping story, truly riveting, chills in my spine, hairs stood on my hands. That's good too being a story driven game. You'll find yourself attached to characters and enveloped in the story while you embark on a harrowing journey, which this year is my top. Combat is exciting and fun, I'll be playing the F2P multiplayer game and fighting others just to get more. I'm in awe of the simple and yet visually stunning art. I will say this is a must have. A true epic, if they do release more which i've read they plan too (three to be exact), I will be eagerly awaiting them.SHORT VERSION: OMGAWD BUY DIS GAME, PLAY IT WON TIME GET FLOORED"
,Recommended,237990,11312512,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gerald of Rivia,10/10 would shieldbang.
76561197990620919,Recommended,237990,11066337,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Starving Chemist,"Likes:  Great story and atmosphere, fun yet challenging combat.Dislikes:  Game was a bit too short (more like a tale than a saga!).  Felt unfinished at the end.Overall I really enjoyed the art and the game as a whole, but would have loved more to the story.  The story just felt like it stopped at the end."
76561198008592097,Recommended,237990,8754491,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Vladimir Beletsky,"This game has one of the most appealing artwork among recent (and event older) games. This is of course pretty obvious. But not only this point makes the game stand out. The game is full of tenuous, arrow-sharp content, which is placed in such a way that it has the ability to drag the player in the chilly and dangerous atmosphere of the game, full of dangers, precipices and sudden turns.The battle system is strongly reminiscent of asian tactical RPGs like Final Fantasy Tactics and Disgaea, but with what seems a western RPG touch. In between battles you talk, you make descisions, you role play. And your descisions matter.Overall it is a very nice game. So if you like the games with an athmosphere and some kind of subtle feel, this game is worth to check out."
76561198066880173,Recommended,237990,17456532,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kleideronkel,"I don´t like it, I LOVE IT <3Awesome soundtrack, awesome characters, pretty good gameplay (more variety would be nice :)), awesome (sad) story. :DCan´t wait for Banner Saga 2"
76561198079512136,Recommended,237990,32983404,Posted: 29 June,all,Dipsy,"Incredible game:- Gripping story- Incredible visuals; very evocative and help build the atmosphere of the world you're playing in- A variety of characters, tactics, builds, and overall strategies for diversity and replayability- Great soundtrack- Excruciating attention to detail (the map was phenomenal)- Relatively cheap (especially on sales)- Genuine feels towards the endA great purchase if you want to immerse yourself in a gripping fantasy setting for the day"
76561197964631447,Recommended,237990,8923577,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Denjanjeau,"Don't get me wrong - I am not dissing the game. Let me say that this game is pretty cute, it has a nice story and a few intuitive dilemmas... but more non-intuitve or at least not intuitive and a lot of random in the effects. All in all the choices you make doesn't really influence the story at all.A game that claimed that choices matter is the walking dead games. The graphic there is more advanced so I kind of realized that wouldn't work. The bragging of my choices being important turned out to be m00t to the point I felt it was dishonest as it never mattered who I saved, or even if i made smart choices. The only thing that changed was a few lines of text or audio about other peoples attitude.Ok, back on topic. The banner saga doesn't brag itself to death, but have the same marketing and consequence issues. It really doesn't matter much what I do, the game will end the same and mostly it will play out the same. As someone else pointed out, not caring about the caravan doesn't really matter either. This makes me get bored in conversations AND mostly in dilemmas as it really doesn't matter for my success. Now, success isn't the only thing that is fun... but to me asking me to make choices that are purely or 95% cosmetical makes me think that they could have skipped it and showed me a movie instead.Another thing that annoys me is when the game makes me feel that I have failed due to random events. I spend renownd to level people that simply just die on me 8lr leave like Elof). Not because I made the wrong decision, but because the movie ..ehrm.. the game I *cough* is scripted that way. So I end up losing hordes of renown and cannot level the character the game arbitrary let me keep because the developers choose to kill off character in the story.I have nothing against the story telling aspect of killing off characters... but then I shouldn't lose because I choose to level those characters and not others. That is just... random. The same issue goes with new characters. To be able to use them I should not have leveled the others so much. The point of having many to choose from is m00t as you cannot leve everyone so you are better of sticking with the generally best characters (that you guess won't die or replay after you know which will) and optimize from there. That makes the game poorer from a tacical and diversity stand point.The game is (again) a nice story telling game, with feeling. Too much time sinks for me and unfortunately too little consequence of my actions that make me care enough to read the conversations. I would give it a 6/10 (well not compared to normal judgin where people seem to always give 9 or 10 if they like something. I use the full scale) for those who cares about my opinion. I don't regret buying it, but I am not longing for a sequel."
76561198065979638,Recommended,237990,10941884,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,verstehen,"One part tactical combat, one part RPG, one part Oregon Trail. The game has an intense storyline that makes the player really feel the urgency of the characters. Part of this is due to the way ""renown,"" or the game's version of XP works. Renown can either be spent leveling up your characters OR on supplies to keep people alive -- and there's never quite enough renown to go around. The use of scarce resources works really well into the storyline and even more into the player's decisions of what to do. I'm not really much of a tactical combat fan so I was surprised by how much I really enjoyed the game.The best part, however, are the really amazing visuals (outside of cutscenes). I plan on playing through the game a second time just so I can screencap some of the scenes. And even better than the graphics? The music.Really the only thing I could complain about is that the end of the game doesn't really feel like an ending. It's more of a resolution to the current situation than a resolution to the entire storyline. Of course, this may mean a sequel in the future!"
76561198026933946,Recommended,237990,10318529,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Doomgaze,"The soundtrack and artwork come together to make an immersive and quite wonderful game. While some complain about the simplicity/unoriginality of the choices, I think they properly portray life constanly in danger and on the run and the need to make quick/hard decisions. It ties you into the characters much like The Walking Dead and you really feel each loss -- a feat that I feel denotes a superb game. My only complaint is that the ending, though cathartic, was rather abrupt and a left a question or two unanswered."
,Recommended,237990,10099858,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,joe,"[+] Interesting blend of convoy management, adventure game dialogue choices & turn-based tactical combat[+] Beautiful art & animation via rotoscoping[+] Expansive lore, spent a while poking around the immense map of the world[+] New take of tactical combat with concept of health & armor as well as bigger-sized units[-] 2D art style prevents rotation of scene, often resulting in smaller units and enemy traps being obfuscated[-] Convoy management meta-game seemed pointless[-] Lack of quality-of-life features such as inventory management before battles & enemy team movement/combat range during combat[-] Frustrating difficulty spike in final battle that resulted me lowering the difficulty to complete the gameDespite what seems like a mixed bag, the game, which I bought initially to support Stoic's stance againstKing.com, hooked me in for hours of fun. I'm still looking forward to the next part of the Banner Saga."
76561198099380212,Recommended,237990,11077464,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,shade42,"I'm a sucker for good story and atmosphere in video games and this game delivers. The game itself isn't that hard yet (10 hrs in on normal difficulty) but the game mechanics are fun and compelling. This is the kind of game that makes me ready to get the next game from Stoic sight unseen, just as I would with Telltale, Cellar Door or Twisted PIxel."
76561198040848567,Recommended,237990,14304798,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MagicznyJakub,"One of the very few titles about a long, tedious journey where I genually felt its length and how it wore down on the group. For that alone the game is worht your money. And the tour-based fighting is pretty damn good as well."
76561198025538572,Recommended,237990,11218514,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,koelker12,"Amazing art, soundtrack, story, and characters. Fun combat. Harsh choices, though wish there were more of them with not so many just related to losing battles. The caravan portions could use some fleshing out in the next game. Supplies don't do anything too meaningful, and you can easily win with low morale. Despite that it was hard to keep stocked, and I only kept buying them to satisfy my own personal sense of accomplishment from not letting people starve. There should be greater story consequences when you run out of supplies...because you probably will. Took me 14 hours, taking my time, and will probably replay near the release of a sequel to try and get a better carryover file."
76561198016258588,Recommended,237990,9903687,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Dead Sun,"Be aware that you are going to play this game for about 8 hours and absolutely love it, and then you'll be left dumbfounded by the direction it suddenly takes.As I said, you'll love it; that is if you like the idea of a role-playing turn-based strategy game in which almost every character has their own unique abilities, and thus worth to a battle. Characters level up like in typical RPGs and you can equip them with stat-enhancing gear (only one though, and the highest level is 5). You'll quickly decide your front 6 and rarely deviate from it.You will also learn that this game outright hates you, dealing you pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cards when you are called upon to make a decision. Not always ♥♥♥♥♥♥, however - some lead almost nowhere. But this where the story is primarily told, and because of these infrequent horrible decisions, and the occasional story-affecting choices, the saga feels like it's yours. I'm quite confident that someone out there has done precisely the same things as I did in this game, but, whilst I was playing it, it didn't feel that way.The art style is pretty. Think 50's-80's Disney style stationary art with basic movements programmed in for battles, but with the minimal, yet highly appreciated, foreground and background falling snow to give it an easy 3D effect. Nice all around.My only beef with this game is it's story, particularly the ending. It just ends to soon to put it plainly. Any self-respecting storywriter (who knows or does not know that they may be writing a trilogy) would not have ended it in this way. So many great and interesting angles are left unexplored and hardly explained! The Gods are dead (not much of a spoiler as it's right at the beginning of the game) and yet no explanation is offered. The sun has stopped moving (again, beginning) and no explanation is offered. The (apparent) main boss is introduced 2/3 of the way through without any previous hinting of how significant he's going to be. Why? Because his significance is paired with his existence. Very poor. And it's not even like he's a good main boss: there is a literal earth-shatterer that would have made for a killer main boss!The storywriters need firing for this one. Actually, just fire the ones who argued that it should end in this way because they need to go back to junior school. I don't care if a trilogy had been in the plan the whole time, a good story does not introduce a key aspect of the storyline and then just do nothing with it.I do recommend this though. It's a great game. The tone is excellent and it really feels like your saga. When you finish in a day (if your dedicated enough) you'll see what I mean by just how ♥♥♥♥ing disgraceful the ending is."
,Recommended,237990,11526555,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,retsek3000,"I found this to be a challenging and enjoyable strategy/rpg game, which storywise managed to capture the feel of the old nordic myths. I found the combat to be rewarding, especially later on when you have a decent, levelled up team to work with. However the part i found most tricky was balancing between levelling up my characters and keeping supplied with food, meaning at the end of the game i found myself wishing i'd levelled up a couple times rather than staying well stocked and well rested, so bear that in mind if you decide to play the game! I picked this up in the summer sale and have found it good value for money and would recommend this game to fans of strategy rpgs."
76561198074224709,Recommended,237990,15705073,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Akramas,"A great game, can't wait for the sequel !"
76561198057238410,Recommended,237990,13882618,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Airborne Troll,"This game is, quite simply, fantastic. It has a fairly unique mechanic that, while not the most entertaining in the world, is paced well, and both thought provoking (to ensure that you can keep functioning well as a party you have to think about what you do in each and every combat) and fun. Outside of combat, the ""overland"" mechanical business of actually running a caravan is a very interesting challenge that really made me think about my choices. Especially towards the ending where the choices get significantly harder to make, and it becomes much more apparent that being the ""good guy"" won't always be the best choice of action. The story is excellent and well written. To be quite honest this is one of a very few games that has actually made me cry. Artisitically this game is stunning. It is very obvious that those who worked on visual assets had both talent and actually gave a damn about how the finished product looked, making this probably the most visually beautiful game I've played in a while.Overall I highly reccomend this game to anybody who enjoys a high quality storytelling game, and to those who still enjoy a turn based tactics game."
,Recommended,237990,8711318,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Trevellian[C22],"This game is immaculate, from the artwork and gameplay, to the way you manage supplies and your clans happiness during travels.  Every decision you make in the game is important and a lot of the conversation choices could result in the death of a character over another in some cases.It shows this was made by some of the oldschool Bioware guys who have since left that company.  The story and characters are all very interesting and I've only scratched the surface of the game.The artwork and music stand out in this game more than any other I've played.  The art is only 2d but it's some of the most beautiful 2d artwork I've seen.  The music is perfect and fits the art with a very viking feeling to it.  The incombat animation is very smooth and looks great.The gameplay reminds me of old FF and Suikoden games where you have many different heroes with different job classes.  There are as far as I can tell about 17 different job classes each with it's own special abilities.  Every character you get can be ranked up, have an item equiped etc.If you are a turn based strategy, with a bit of RPG fan I highly highly recommend picking this game up.Final Note:  This game has an auto save feature, which means not being able to save the game at every decision, making them far more important in the longrun.  Save Scummers beware, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,237990,8837672,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD",Beautiful. Amazing animation. Amazing storytelling. I just wish the game had been longer. Worth it still though. Can't wait for the next one.
76561198042335335,Recommended,237990,8851728,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,CorrosiveKnight,This game is amazing. The ending.... just wow
,Recommended,237990,8867680,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Kaiser,"Well.First things first: it's short, it's part of a trilogy so this is merely chapter one. Kind of irks me that the price for a single chapter is the better part of $25 but I also hope they're going to offer the following chapters as DLC. Otherwise this is a massive cash-grab.That being said - wow. An amazingly well-constructed world and lore out the wazoo. Grammatical errors and switching from second- and third-person narratives willy-nilly aside, the story was also very well written. My skin crawled and shivered several times during the playthrough.I had moments where I wanted to throw my keyboard at the game. I wanted to quit, to uninstall it and leave it to rot in my basement where I would keep it until such a time where I had forgotten the injustice it had done to me and I would allow it a glimmer of sunlight once more. But I didn't. I decided it wasn't the game, it was me. I felt like a victim of household abuse. If the companions I had fought so hard to keep alive suddenly died because of a wrong decision by me, then it's my fault. Mine and mine alone. I learned to live with my regrets, learned to cope with them and keep going; by far, the best thing the creators of the game could have done was not have a savegame feature. You live with the consequences of your choices - and more often than not, there's always a second side to the story.The story ended just as it had begun to make a small portion of sense, though by asking more questions than answering them. I went back to the title screen and was about to hit ""Restart"" when a message popped up - ""If you restart the game, all your previous decisions will be overwritten"". I stopped. Yes, I can go back and play the game and know what to expect now, and probably make a lot less of a fool of myself by making better decisions. But then, it wouldn't be the experience it was meant to be. The experience of putting you in a world that is dying, possibly already dead, where your only hope is to survive; to save a few lives on the way is a bonus, but hard decisions will need to be made. Hard decisions that will stick with you, long after you've finished playing the game.So I didn't restart it, and my ill-conceived decisions are going to sit there until Chapter 2, where I can relive them again. And I will miss some characters dearly, while others I will not bat an eyelid to. This is what a great game is meant to encourage. In a bleak world where the hopelesness and fear seem to be the only constant, where even mountains can be torn asunder, you cling on to the fact that though you may have sacrificed a few men, you survived. And that's all that matters.Because don't you know, the Gods are dead?"
76561198011236127,Recommended,237990,8833361,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Savvas,"RPG. Heroes and items. Questions and dilemmas for the right choice. Decisions to make. I would say decisions that point out the player character.  Possibility to play again the game and make other desicions.  Futuristic enviroment of an world far far away.  Turn base battle with difficulty modes changeable (during the game).  I enjoyed the graphics, the story and the battle.Playable with steam launch options in old pc. I like strategy games and i enjoyed this rpg very much."
76561197964214568,Recommended,237990,8817284,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pit00r,This game is a strategic fantasy book to read and write your own story. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,237990,8799504,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MegaNerd,"This game is one of those ever increasingly rare games that prove video games can be more than just a few hours of entertainment, they can be interactive art. the art style is incredible and animations are pretty well done, and the decisions you make the whole way are gut wrenching and could either help save you, or cause you problems. Trust this person, or this person, and if you trust the wrong one, then you could get betrayed. Sacrifice your travelling companions for your combat party, or risk yourselves for the better good. It truly started making me start questioning every decision, and really makes you question yourself as a leader.Rook, basically the main character (theres a bunch of little storylines in there, but you are mostly playing as Rook), was simply a hunter, seeking to live a safe quiet life while protecting his daughter, when suddenly you are attacked and the leader of your small village is killed, and suddenly, everyone looks to you as the new leader. Thrust into your sudden leadership role, you must make tough decisions, that only get tougher as you go from leading a mere couple of dozen people to leading over 300-400+, all while seeking to protect the group and your daughter, and seek salvation.As for the combat, the strategy is a bit tough to get used to, but incredibly well done, and makes you start depending on your team, but that can go badly if you make a poor decision and get one of those main allies killed. Leveling up is well done, especially since your ""Renown"" which you have to spend each time you level up and buy stuff like supplies and items, is not gained in huge amounts, but not gained in small amounts, making more decisions on whether you want to level up now, or spend some renown to get some more food supplies, which you might need, or risk running out of food before the next opportunity to get more.As for the length, I found the game pleasently long, but not too long as to feel boring. The interesting interactions going on between characters made me not even notice how long I'd be playing, and that is something I really like. The other thing is that due to the sheer amount of choices you have, I almost want to go back through and play again just to make different choices.However, about the one issue i had with this game is whenever you are travelling, all you can do is simply watch, and the environment is not much to watch, and there are times where you will travel for like 2 game days without anything happening, which kind of kills the pace of the game at times.Overall, I very highly recommend this game. It's more than just a game, its truly what makes gaming great, showing that games can be art and entertaining."
,Recommended,237990,9573210,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,coprolite,"Solid character writing, art, sound, and classic turn-based tactical gameplay.  I LOVED the art.  I'm halfway through my second playthrough.  The plot was confusing for a while, with many characters and locations introduced in quick succession, but I got into it after an hour or two.  Waay too many loading screens.  The game (when you aren't in combat) is all dialogue, or ""choose your own adventure"" style dialogue choices, or uninteractive video of your caravan moving from place to place, or a picture of a location you're temporarily staying at with a few locations to click on and visit.  Character and inventory management is simple.  Lots of character classes, each with their own unique power, which keeps the combat fresh throughout the game.  The ""caravan"" mechanic is unique and interesting but shallow.  There are several events that only occur if your caravan has high/low morale, and ""war"" battles are easier or harder depending on how many fighters you have, but that's pretty much it.  The game has a pretty short campaign that ends abruptly with no resolution to the major plot threads.  There are some unexpected plot twists and upsets and hard choices where the outcome can be permanent loss of characters in your party.  I enjoyed the story so I didn't care, but I could see getting irritated when you lose a character you like because of a single dialogue choice.  You have no warning about what characters are going to show up in later parts of the game, so you will likely waste points leveling up characters who will disappear later.  This game doesn't even visit half of the locations listed on its large detailed map. I only played single-player.  I hope they release followup campaigns."
,Recommended,237990,9569657,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Shapaza,"The Banner Saga: a good game that could've been great (tl;dr version at end)Don't let that give you a bad impression; like I said, it's a good game. The turn-based combat is satisfying and provides a nice balance of challenge and complexity. The soundtrack is sweeping and epic. The visual design is absolutely gorgeous, very reminiscent of early 90's Disney. The writing is pretty good too, with an pretty interesting and varied cast of characters, as well as a pretty cool setting influenced by Norse mythology.That said, I felt the setting was a bit clumsily introduced: the game throws a ton of lore and proper nouns at you without adequately explaining a lot of them (for the first half of the game, I had no idea what the hell a ""Mender"" or ""Valka"" was).My biggest complaint is the way the turn system worked: rather than having one side move all their units, then the other side move all their units, it alternates between the two: you, enemy, you, enemy, you, enemy, etc. This means that if you have six people active and the enemy has three, those three will be getting two moves each for each one move for your own people. It's kinda hard to explain in text, but the game essentially punishes you for doing well in combat by giving the enemy more moves the more you whittle down their numbers.The save system is pretty frustrating too: You only get one uncontrolled autosave file. That's it. No manual saves or multiple save files. Is that too much to ask for, especially in a game like this that features so many different outcomes based on your choice?tl;dr Great combat aside from the crappy turn system, damn gorgeous visual design and soundtrack, pretty good writing and setting, albeit one that was clumsily introduced. Would benefit greatly from having manual saves.I still give it a solid recommendation in spite of its flaws"
76561198072573149,Recommended,237990,13152670,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,wingseagles77,"IfOregon TrailandStrategomoved to the norselands and had a baby and that baby grew up into a very sexy adult that was obsessed with art nouveau, it would probably look like this game.10 of 10 for art, story, and combat mechanism.My only beef with the game is the times of non interactive travel (sidescrolling flash video of terrain) but this is softened by the amazingly beautiful landscapes and design.Worth the 20! or the 10. or the 5, depending on just how ""sale"" steam is feeling."
76561198055762608,Recommended,237990,9111525,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ortzz,"I have literally no bad thing to say about this game. I loved it.The gameplay is just rock solid in all respects If I had to describe how the game plays in one sentence, I would have to say it plays like ""Xcom"" meeting the dialouge trees of ""Mass Effect"" with small bits of ""Monster Loves You"" wrapped in a giant Norse blanket. While it sounds stupid, it is the best description I could think of. The game has three basic activities: fighting, talking, and caring.Fights are handled as a turn based strategy game. There is a large grid and you have an overhead view of your units (usally around five or six units) and your goal is to kill anything that is not one of your units. Units of course have varied abilities, sizes, and each unit can level up. Overall, the strategy part plays into the strengths of the genre and doesn't venture to far outisde of them. There is no permadeath, but on difficulties above easy players that are knocked out on the battlefield will require time to heal and be at there greatest strength.Now what helps this game stand out are the dialouge sections of the game. Between fights you will engage in conversations with the people around you and make decisions about, well, many things. This can determine the kind of fights you get into, the members in your party or how other future events play out. It helps that the dialouge is well written. Just keep in mind that it is presented in mostly drawings with no voice acting. It did not bother me in the slightest, but it may bother some possibly.The other part of the game is traveling on the road and taking care of the day to day events. In these sections, your caravan is shown traveling across a large landscape and blocks of text popup every once in a while describing something that has happened and giving you choices of how to react to it. These sections also can change the fights you have and your party members among other things. They are nice down times between the action and help give the game the feeling that the journey really is a struggle.I overall adored this game. While the presentation was simple, it was strikingly beautiful and bolstered up by the strong mechanics surrounding it. If you like story based games and don't hate strategy games either, pick this up."
76561198021150723,Recommended,237990,9127548,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,samuraipoet,"A game that truly is a work of art from a developer that is just getting started.Some things that really stand out- the pace is slower, more thoughful and deliberate than other strategy games. Progression happens at a slow, steady march. Battles are fought with fewer units, and higher stakes.- The map is extremely tolkien-esque, and packed with exquisite lore. This is a detailed, reactive world that you can get lost in. The developers understand that the more you know about a setting, the more emotionally invested you'll be.- It's a joy to retrain your strategy instincts for this game. The mechanics are innovative, unusual. Character stats such as strength, armor and willpower don't mean what strategy/RPG game veterans might assume they mean.- The game is balanced very, very well. Persistently difficult, but fair, with a long smooth learning curve.The feature of the game that is most obvious is the art. Almost every screen from the battles to the menus looks and feels like a high-resolution, blu-ray remastering of a rotoscoped 80's animated film. What strikes me, though, is how well the art, the writing, and the game are unified in their artistic vision. This really is a masterpiece, and I will be waiting with baited breath for the next two entries in this trilogy."
,Recommended,237990,28708508,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dr. Doctor,"Pros:+ Great story line.+ Your choices ACTUALLY matter here.+ Unique combat mechanic.+ Such charming characters.Cons:- Not much to do after finishing campaign for several times.- Although it's combat is fun in it's own way, it kinda feels funny when taking advantages from it. (So called 'maim' strat. All those enemies crawling with 1~3 health..)Overall, it's a great choice for days of fun.Did I mention that Banner Saga 2 is even better btw?"
76561198134493990,Recommended,237990,19553372,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Elessar,i just want to say thanks to the developers for making a beatufil game like this. im in love with this game
76561197972337077,Recommended,237990,13459539,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Van,This is a good game with awesome art direction.
76561198198276889,Recommended,237990,21183402,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,AlenVex,"One of my favorite games ever.It's difficult not to love this game to bits, everything about it is awesome from the graphics to the mechanics. The artstyle is stunningly beatiful, the combat is simple but challenging, I enjoyed it the most, I love the game's universe and lore, its characters and story.I cannot wait for the next game I just want more of it!!!!!!"
,Recommended,237990,22554149,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ᛟGøøver the ᚰRøses⚔,"Thank you for the fact that the creators have created such a beautiful, historic game, you brought us a lot of fun to play in the story and we all want what would you continue to take care of this game and did not throw us, but if we knew a little something you should work to project and people will reach for you!"
76561198014471149,Recommended,237990,11101103,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nick Richards,"No game has made me second guess myself like the banner saga. A very bleak, yet well done story, and a very good looking game."
76561198000180443,Not Recommended,237990,10216007,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Souup,"This is probably one of the WORST games I've ever played. The resource management system is unbelievably atrocious. In order to keep followers alive you pretty much have to spend all of your resource on food, foregoing items the entire game, and preventing you from leveling your party (yes, you level your party with the same resource you buy food and items with). I ended the game without having bought any items. Eventually I said ♥♥♥♥ it and all my folwers died and it DIDN'T MATTER TO THE STORY. Also, I still have a billion questions about the story. What's the♥♥♥♥♥♥coming from the north? Whats the snake? Who the ♥♥♥♥ knows. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. ITS AWFUL."
76561198080458933,Recommended,237990,22584903,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,water buffalo-bear,"I have just completed my first (probably of many) playthrough of this game as I am writing this.I'm just going to say it: this game is worth it. Riveting and intense plot, amazing music, and tough decisions - decisions that you have no idea what the outcome will be (it's usually quite the opposite than what you expect). These decisions have you questioning your morals and your entire character; I have certainly sat there and chosen an option that I would normally throw out within seconds because of my need for survival. I have watched my people murder each other over pettiness and chosen the wrong decision to deal with it. Comrades have fallen because while I have been focusing elsewhere, murder plots have been formed. Yes, this game is all about choices, more so than you first realize.Just a quick follow-up with everything else this game has to offer: beautifully drawn artwork (seriously can't get enough of it), music that leaves me with goosebumps and a pounding heart, and a captivating story plot. And though I wasn't sure if I thought I would want to buy the sequel for this game, the second the credits started to roll I realized that I need it."
76561198001234825,Recommended,237990,24649292,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jyrka,Nobody ever felt hunger so i had that going for me.Be prepared for anything and think ahead for at least 7 days.Rating: At the end of the world don't be afraid to make tough choices.
,Recommended,237990,26298073,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,megs,"First of all, I love this game. It's essentially Mythical Norse Oregon Trail, and if that doesn't sell you on the game than I don't know what will. My only complaint is that it's surprisingly short, but there's tons of replayability at your disposal. I'll probably look into buying the sequel, but I'll be hoping for a much longer game."
76561198030908728,Recommended,237990,15672003,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,kiassimilation,"Beautiful game, great tactical combat."
,Recommended,237990,8865218,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Hyperwolf,"This is a great game to grab if you own a macbook pro or an air. I play it on PC too with no problems. It runs great, plays very well with other apps, slipping in and out of full screen nicely (at least on OS X Mavericks). It's also gorgeous. And hard... very hard. There are few games I've dropped back to easy mode on but I was getting so frustrated with not being able to progress in the story that I did. And it has still been challenging. Lots of branches in the story and different characters to level so the replayability looks very good. Did I mention it's gorgeous?Maybe it's because I'm a father with a daughter of my own, but I also found the storyline between Rook and Alette to be quite touching. There is little actual spoken dialogue but what there is makes me wish they had been able to do more, especially for some of the characters, not just the narrator.I think the only thing that bothers me a little sometimes is the isometric view can get a bit mucky in big fights with a lot of characters and I would love to be able to see things easier. I think that is the only gripe I can think of. I hope the people that made this game keep making more. Best money I've spent for some time."
,Recommended,237990,25417610,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Romanesco,The Banner Saga is FRESH and FABULOUS! The gameplay is great the story even more !Love/10
76561197961066696,Recommended,237990,15056021,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,re-animated,No doubt one of the best titles of 2014. The game tells a dramatic and awesome story in a unique way. Well worth the money spent. The game also offers high replayability.
76561198010197756,Recommended,237990,8836734,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Let Me Axe You Somethin',"This game is like X-Com except unlike X-Com, it is not completely terrible and your success is determined by player choice and skill instead of randomly generated numbers. Also, you should buy it just to ♥♥♥♥ over those ♥♥♥♥♥ that tried to copyright the word Saga. Imagine telling a viking warrior they couldn't talk about sagas anymore."
,Recommended,237990,8821131,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Micro Man,"All i can say is.I love this game, and it's great story.And it's --------------- ------ ----- ----!!! ----- Ending!9/10♥♥♥♥ the critics"
,Recommended,237990,9096688,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,aaronc3477,This game is crazy fun....a nice turn based rpg.....highly recommended
,Recommended,237990,8990796,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,=GzR=Blick,"So, I only have a handful of hours into this game. I just started act 3. This game is awesome.Graphics 10/10- The art style is amazing and the detail is just great.Sound 10/10- The music is pretty cool and the sounds all go together.Gameplay 8/10- The battles can be a little rough. What makes this game is the decision-based system for the stories. If you like The Walking Dead you'll like this.Story 10/10- This thing is enthralling. I don't usually stick with a game very much but this has me salivating for more.Overall, this is a must have game for just about anyone who likes turn based combat RPGs."
,Recommended,237990,9663745,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Coznesster Smiff,"Basically, the game has three things about it that make it great:1: The visuals2: The soundtrack3: The storyAll of these things on their own are amazing, but its how they work together that really make this game shine. Throughout the game you're travelling through these vast, beautiful landscapes that make you want to hope in and explore them yourself. The soundtrack however, really drives home this bleak feeling of foreboding which contrasts with the visuals spectacularly. The story is filled with twists, turns, decisions which are going to pull at your heartstrings and characters who you care about. You're taking this long, ardous journey through this beautiful world, but you're being followed by something that won't stop until it has destroyed you. You're going to be making decisions for a lot of people and some of them are going to get hurt.When you combine these three things together, you're left with a game that you won't forget anytime soon.I'm really, really looking forward to what the next chapter will bring."
,Recommended,237990,28815527,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,羅刹,"I only wish every Visual Novel was like this... Tho it's not a visual novel.Kinda remind me Utawarerumono. A pretty good story, art, ost and gameplay"
,Recommended,237990,22417259,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,La Flama Blanca,"One of the best games I've played in recent memory. I actually bought this on the PS4 first, and loved it so much I re-purchased it on steam. Can't wait for the second part next week. Anyone looking for a beautifully executed RPG, with a definite throwback feel should not hesitate. My first time through (taking my time) I spent roughly 11 hours or so before completing it, however it has great replay value. While the length may seem short to some, it is the perfect length for the story to begin, and even at the original $20 price it's still well worth it. For $5 this is a steal!"
76561197978490846,Recommended,237990,9067492,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Guttered,Beautiful artwork combined with excellent story makes this game well worth the cost.  3 Playthroughs and I am still loving it.  Can't wait for the next chapter assumingKing.comcease being asshats.
76561198074777881,Recommended,237990,15279743,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[TAW]cuebux,"Really great game, I just wish it were longer. Think Oregon Trail mixed with D&D. Rich story, compelling narrative and gorgeous graphical style. I would pay $15 for it."
,Recommended,237990,8724336,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,this but ironically,"incredible art, music, and storytelling, pretty polished gameplay.  buy it nerds."
,Recommended,237990,15575747,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Gregg abott,10/10 dont know why i waited so long
76561198135009951,Recommended,237990,21653185,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,KPStriker,"The game is like the painting ""the old guitarist"" of Picasso in the beginning and feels like that the whole time. Like  you're living in some place of tragedy.Its art design with every single cutscene,  battle or backround are astonishingly beautiful. The combat/battles is hard. If you want to try it first, you can play The Banner Saga Factions. I finished it in normal difficulty and there were times when I thought I couldn't beat it. And that is perfect for its theme.The tells the story in 2 perspectives: Rook and Alette trying to survive and flee with the bare minimum as common people, and am army traveling to the capital state of the varl, a race of viking-like giants with horns. I personnally liked Rook's story more, I think you'll see why when you play the game.All in all, The Banner Saga is a dramatic experience. You probably won't like it if you only like high action games. But, if you want to give 'da feels' go a over you, give it a try."
76561197983740996,Recommended,237990,14280997,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chane,"The Banner Saga is a good game with very strong atmosphere and a great, dark story in a Nordic, Viking like fantasy world. Although you have to read a lot of dialogs the strategic battles are fun. The music adds a lot to the depressing atmosphere. You are permanently on the run, chased by an overwhelming foe you can not expect to defeat. The game is a narrative of your flight. Prepare to lose friends and loved ones during your journey.If you do not mind reading a lot of dialogs I definitely recommend this game."
76561198024125064,Recommended,237990,16823724,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Barrel of Tits,"Fantastic game. I got it on sale after a D&D friend recommended I give it a whirl seeing as I rolled a Nordic barbarian.Beautiful backgrounds and artwork, engrossing storyline and great character design and development. The combat style takes a while to get used to, but it really pushes you to think tactically to take down the enemy. I understand why some people may not find the combat appealing, but everyone is different.In my opinion the only real downside was I got too attatched to some of the characters, and, well... I won't spoil anything.Protip: don't be so trusting of people."
,Recommended,237990,17777314,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,LacunaBlue,"I don't need to have much time on this game to realize how incredible it is. Visually, technically, gameplay -- it's been combined into a seemless interactive story.Combat mechanics are fun and let you use your creativity - the tutorial is intertwined with the game - also fairly seemlessI was actually thinking about seeing if my dad would try playing it.I plan on playing this game all day today, and probably through this hurricane/tropical torm/tropicl depression thing"
,Recommended,237990,8715162,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mauzer,DOOSHA
,Recommended,237990,11236976,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,cluthz,"Finished the game after about 11 hours. It was great fun all the way. I played on normal difficulty and the game was fairly easy most of the time. The game is not a typical RPG, but more of an adventure game with heavy focus on character interaction, moral choices and with an interresting strategic combat.I'm usually a guy that gets bored with games and stop playing after awhile, but this game kept me going. Putting in a few hours from day to day when I had time and completed it in little over a week.The game also has an absolutely amazing sound track and the graphics are truly beautiful!I will reccomend this game to everyone that likes an interresting story with character interaction, some mild RPG elements and a special take on strategic combat."
,Recommended,237990,31003047,Posted: 7 April,all,CAPTAIN HUMPHRIES,"One of the best games in my library!I actually prefer the story line of this game to the second - there are so many powerful and dramatic moments, and it keeps it relatively simple, which in a way is what makes it so touching. The actual fighting mechanics are great, and have some very interesting features to play around, but I didn't find it to be the main selling point of the game.The aesthetic to this game is a work of art (so many overwhelming backgrounds), massive amounts of replayability due to all of the different paths to choose from, but most of all a soundtrack that defies the genre. Austin Wintory must have been so inspired to produce such an imaginative and engaging score, and a very wide variety of colourful motifs. The score to both this game and the sequel are some of Austin's greatest game scores to date, possibly only beaten by his score for Abzu, which is some of the most descriptive and moving music written for games, and perhaps ever (although my laptop could never run the game, so I couldn't really review the actual game)."
,Recommended,237990,17264740,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,savage cabage,this game is beatifuly writen and drawn with moment to remember
76561198054537089,Recommended,237990,23132042,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,soulSamurai3222,"front and centre, the aesthetic of this game is gorgeous. the art, the music; the music, the story, the characters. they are all (to avoid using buzz words) i would call endearing.those set the stage for the other thing i love about this game, the pacing and flow. i love the first parts, everytime you switch characters you are more comfortable with a spacific mechanic and the game in general. it does a great job warming you up for when the decision making becomes a big dealboth of these things combine to make the core gamplay thoroughly enthralling and intense, the afore mentioned decision making and resorce managment. i got so invested in the characters and story because it is so closely linked with the actuall gameplay. you'll know what i mean if you play it.my only caviat is you should buy this game with enough money left over for the second one as well"
76561197966021311,Recommended,237990,8851857,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,johnwayne,"Great story, great music... awesome art!   A mix of Oregon Trail and Final Fantasy Tactics... worth it!"
76561198016328832,Recommended,237990,9047440,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Muffnut,"When i first got to play this game at the beginning, i just got this really good and amazing feeling. This game is like a medieval disney style RPG and i really, really like that! I have never played a RPG game that is drawn. But i hope they are gonna do some DLC type things, maybe additional story line and new races and classes. Hope this recommendation has showed my feelings about this game."
,Recommended,237990,17279437,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,complexxL9,"Great game,what would have made it perfect for me is the ability to roam the map freely and ""grind"" all the characters to max level etc."
76561198067881164,Recommended,237990,16404768,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Grubsmack,"It's worth $5, it's not worth $20.  Game is beautiful, but seems unfinished.  The devs have created this world with seemingly rich history and great backstory only to leave it completely unexplored.  It's almost like this is just the first chapter in a much longer game.  But, sadly, it's not."
,Recommended,237990,17270045,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,MedKiT,Love the art and story of this game.
76561198006362121,Recommended,237990,8713481,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,kebw1144,"One of the best stories I have played in a while. The tactical combat could be better but its ok, simple yet effective. I am comparing this to what I hold as #1 in this regard the original Final Fantasy Tactics. In all I would recommend this to anyone once I started playing it I had a hard time taking a break well done!"
,Recommended,237990,19113952,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,KeeperOfTheFate,"Banner Saga is one of the best cRPG games of last years. Actual choices (with no stupid good/evil meter) with real outcomes, rich and climatic world and demanding, unforgiving battle mechanics along with Ralph Bakashi styled animation create superb experiance. Must have for every cRPG and pnpRPG fan out there.Only minor glitches (like Onef being present, after bridge falls, even if I didn't invited him to my caravan) in quests. Also polish version was very bad (Juno lines were writen in m. instead of fm.; in polish words change, depending on what gender speaker is).I spend nearly non stop 9 hours to end the game amd now waiting for two other to come."
76561198097904528,Recommended,237990,8717060,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kanaria,The artwork is beautiful in this game and for me the draws me into story.Very smooth controls and soundtrack is amazing.
,Not Recommended,237990,14755245,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,NNLocke,"Interesting idea, but gameplay elements are very tedious. Would have loved it as a flash game, because that's what it feels like.I like deep stories and tactical combat, but this game just had me bored. Need to make me care about the characters and story before things bog down - in this game, they're bogged down from the start.I feel like there's probably some good content buried in here, but the game just put me to sleep every time I tried to play for more than 20 minutes at a time."
76561198053706155,Recommended,237990,11535936,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Lumelle,"The Banner Saga is an extraordinary game. Starting with the obvious, the landscapes and soundtrack are both breathtaking and plain epic. But what what really reeled me in, even more than the wonderful and immersive atmosphere, is the storyline. Twisted, and relying so very much on the player's choices. You often don't know where you're going, what to decide, whom you should trust or not, and must rely on your own judgement (often wrong !) and guts to advance. It is such a pleasure to feel like you're are actually choosing, or creating your own path rather than following the same patterns as always ; and it's not so often that a game really makes you think twice about a choice that will (maybe) haunt you until the end... The Banner Saga is really a refreshing creation, dark indeed, but beautiful nonetheless, and takes you in without mercy. I just finished it, and already want to discover all the other paths that lie ahead... I recommend it whole-heartedly !"
,Recommended,237990,15366582,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Gustavus Adolphus,I AM THE DREDGE SLAYER
76561197972749566,Recommended,237990,25094699,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Toub,"First game that I walk through two times in a row, while enjoying every single minutes of it. I loved the elegant drawings describing each small parts of this world, the story with its nice universe, the music, and everything that this game gave me. Thanks a lot, stoic studios!"
,Recommended,237990,26234707,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: It is in the realm of games like Fire Emblem and Final Fantasy Tactics.Replayability: Some story changes can allow you to bypass or experience new things but overall the game shines in its Storyline.  Low Replayability.Combat Mechanics:  Standard Grid based, range oriented, simplified stat mechanical battles. Each character has a specific set of abilities and death and failure are very easy to attain even on Easy Mode. Not much Class overlap as the cast of characters is Small but this makes them memorable as you progress through the 10-15 hour story.Social Mechanics: Social interaction plays a big part in who you recruit, battles you fight, who dies...sorry for the minor spoiler, but look you're humans running from an unstoppable horde of shadow soldiers and its dead Winter.  People are gonna die from swords and starvation.Notable Notes: Oh my gosh the Artwork in this game is RIDICULOUS. Like I got distracted by the look at feel of the paintings. Even the Combat Grid and atmosphere is just a thrill ride of pure unadulterated Artistic Expression.  It reminds me of the same feeling I had when I first picked up Okami back in the day.Final Thoughts: Those of us old guys from the 90s who have fond memories on the GameBoy Advance slugging through the massive influx of Grid based JRPGs will find a ray of light in the Banner Saga. <3 Play well my friends."
76561198040811698,Recommended,237990,14043014,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Darkclaw3050,"I recommend for fans of the tactics/RPG genre.+Good story/lore, solid combat+Turn-based tactics with RPG elements as characters level+Varying difficulty levels to choose from, battles require some strategy+Fair number of choices in-game on managing your caravan with definite consequences-Flash-based makes for some limitations - no options for resolution, few in-game A/V options at all, some stutter-Save system needs work; no manual saves, it saves on exit and at checkpoints but doesn't tell you when-Animation decent overall but notably sparse and lacking detail at times-Fairly short in length, ~15hrs or so"
,Recommended,237990,24813095,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nullzero,"The Banner Saga is fantastic from start to finish. Been sitting in my pile of games to play for a while, and I'm glad I finally go around to checking it out. This game combines a rich story set in a nordic mythology, turn-based combat that harkens to X-com, and survival decisions that remind me of the old Oregon Trail.Three great things about the game:- Decisions matter. They shape the way your party forms over the course of a solid 12-14 hour story.- A solid combat system that keeps action interesting- Fantastic story of the end timesIt's not without a few faults however. The surival-ESQUE gameplay is definitely in service to the story. Things like caravan supplies and army size feel inconsequential at times. Sometimes you will spend a bunch of currency on supplies for a long haul... only to have the supplies made meaningless by cutting a long journey short due to a story element.Other times you make sacrifices to keep your army numbers high, only never to fight or encounter another large army. Why? Because the story didn't call for you to run into an army yet. I would have much rather used the currency buy items or upgrade my party members. But there's no way to know when supplies and army size are actually needed, before you actually need them... making their currency system a bit of random guessworkThe story is good, so the above points are forgivable, but I would have liked to see them strike a better balance between the story, and the game-y parts.You should buy this game. You will enjoy it. Can't wait to play The Banner Saga 2."
,Recommended,237990,9081988,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mutts!,"Tut es, Fagöter!"
76561197986150498,Recommended,237990,9179263,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Illuminus,"I want more! Thank you to everyone who ""Kickstarted"" this beautiful gem. The art, story and music completely pulls you in to this dark and wintery world full of beared humans and horned giants struggling to survive. Getting use to the combat takes a bit of trial and error, but there is something about the mechanics that i prefer over other grid based games. There are minimum dice rolls, so it feels much more like chess where positioning of units are vital.The game does have some flaws though. Keeping your caravan alive and well fed while leveling up your units is a pain.. yet there is little consequence other than low morale when you start losing clansmen due to no supplies. I also felt like the Dredge should have had more unit variety in combat.Overall ""The Banner Saga"" has made it into my top 10 favorite games and i will eagerly await the next chapter of this saga."
,Recommended,237990,9612967,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SharpCoder,"Overall - amazing. Although it may feel like a guessing game at times, hard decisions must be made and the ambiguity of choosing the ""correct"" option simply  adds to the stark ambiance. Often times, there is no correct answer and although people may die, that just further illustrates the cynical nature of The Banner Saga. Many negative aspects of this game are valid (for example, the strange combat initive system) but I didn't find anything actually bothersome. The story is fantastic, the mise en scène is captivating, and overall - this is just a great game. It also may be the first game I ever justify a second playthrough with!"
,Recommended,237990,9188407,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Anzo,Fun strategy game but the end battle skyrockets in difficulty. Would still recommend though.
,Recommended,237990,30867543,Posted: 31 March,all,Golden Falcon,"The Banner Saga was one of those games that came out of nowhere and really suprised me. A great mix of choose your own story adventure and tactical combat. Odd at times, but as a whole a great game.The Banner Saga's art style is what initially drew me to the game. I loved the beautiful hand drawn backrounds and 80's cartoon style cutscenes. However few and far between they were.  The characters in The Banner Saga are also all hand drawn and look fantastic, With slight movements to give each of  them some life and characteristics. The only frustration I have with the art style would be that I wanted more. More animation; More cartoon style cut scenes.Then comes the soundtrack. There is not is not much to say about The Banner Saga's music exept that it is very good. A great soundtrack that fits the nordic  feel of the game.Next is The Banner Saga's story; which is one of doom and glome. You will play as aViking leader in charge of a caravan. Trying to outrun or defeat the drege menace (an army of inteligent and feirce golem peoples) who have begun to poor across the world (again). It will be your decisions that decide the fate of the 100's of people in you company. Including main story characters who can die perminatly and will not show up in future Banner Saga games.From the first moments of the game you will notice that Banner Saga's overall story is pretty weak, The overall narative it is trying to tell is fuzzy at best. Leaving to many unanswered questions and plot points that pop up out of nowhere.  That said, the game regains most of its glory in its character interactions. Making you care at least a little bit about each of the people your are in charge of. Watching one of the main characters charge head long into certain death. Axe at the ready. Was one of the best feelings I had in the game. It's  the decision making and tense moments between life and death of a character that will keep the story intresting.Which leads into the games difficulty settings, which can make The Banner Saga a brezze. Or an absolute chore. On easy difficulty the game is basicly story mode. Allowing players to march through the various battles and challanges without having many wounded characters. Which is a very big deal, as the gameplay focus greatly on attrition and how you can work around non-ideal conditions. On Hard mode however the games difficulty ramps up so much so that the game can feel unfair at times. In my playthrough for example. I had so many playable characters, that I couldn't level them all effectivly. Leaving four or five of them far to weak to help in combat. This is a small gripe considering that you can simply prioritize a few characters, but it would have been nice to see some of the other bad♥♥♥♥♥vikings swinging thier axes in battle.That brings us to the combat . On offer here is a Tactical Turn Based system. In which the player,  alternates moving or attacking with one of thier characters, then the enemy takes a turn. Moving and fighting this way until the battle is over.  The Banner Saga shines because of it's unique combat mechanincs.For starters. Units on ythe battlefield have two basic stats. Armour and health. Not to go too deep into I will say that Health is a character attack / damage and there overal hit points. Meaning that the less health they have the less damage they will do and when Health reach zero a character is knocked out of a fight.. Armour on the other hand is a shield that blocks incomming damage. Other than that each character has a special ability. Anything from a besereker attack that slashes an enemy to pieces or a shield wall attack that helps with defence.Combat feels unique enough to stand on its own. A hard thing to say in the realm of turn based strategy games. With the only fualt being that some battles feel more like puzzles than tactical situations, but those are so far and few between that its only a small gripe.I  very much enjoyed my time with The Banner Saga. It's characters were odd, unique and badass all at the same time. Its world was bright, beautiful and engaging. And although the game can be frustrating at times,  I think the reason I like The Banner Saga the  most is becuase it's  somthing diffrent. And for  only 20$ The Banner Saga is a must own ."
76561198025169047,Recommended,237990,12276528,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Alexandre Leboucher,"Beautiful piece of art.This is a narrative rogue like set in nordic universe.The tactical combats are well designed, and the story is quite intriguing and depressing.Love every part of it ."
76561198052592212,Recommended,237990,13770187,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Omnicide,"This game was amazing for me, quite clearly something that needs to be in line with your personal tastes, but for what I wanted out of the game my only real complaint is like anything good I want even more. With a sequel on the way I'll get my  wish eventually though.This game is pretty story driven, it would have made a fantastic free roam rogue-like (or rogue-lite, honestly the original term has expanded it's scope just like rpg has over the years, get over it) but I'll take a story driven game when the story at least for me was this good. I've seen some criticism about the choices you make not mattering. I can't say for certain yet, I've just now played through once on hard forbidding myself from reloading to change my choices. As such I can't comment on how much the choices actually mattered HOWEVER, the 'illusion' of choice presented here at least made it feel like so much could have gone differently, my bad choices seemed to kind of snowball on me towards the end ramping up the difficulty quite a bit. It made me ache for the version of this game that could have been like FTL but better.Bottom line:+The art is great, I absolutely love games that go so far to present a unique visual style such as this.+The combat seems super simple at first, but has surprising depth, appealing to the part of me that grew up playing final fantasy tactics. (No real character customization with classes or anything like that though.)+The oregon trail inspired travel from place to place is not only so much better and more immersive than how similar games simply move your little dot along the lines on a map, it lends itself toward making the world and the things in it feel massive. You will probably feel tiny by the end of this.+The story struck a chord with me at least, I got very attached to some of the characters and seemingly through my own mistakes lost a few of them. I found myself spending time reading about the locations I might be headed to on the map when I got the chance. I feel it was very good.-They use the same character shots on different backgrounds while flashing between them during dialogue portions of the game. It oddly works pretty well and isn't too jarring, but full animation or cutscenes would have been very welcome. I fully understand why they couldn't or didn't, but I kinda wanted to see the character's body language a bit, and see some of the scenes described actually shown.-I almost would rather they released a series of expansions to the game rather than a sequel. It really feels like even more could be done with what's here."
,Recommended,237990,12329766,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,barefootguy88,"Oh God, this game is so cool.First of all: the battles are just awesome and the battle system is pretty cleverly designed.The story is not bad at all, it mostly feeds a big hunger for the next episode but you really find yourself being depressed for losing some members of your crew.The artworks are beautiful even if i would have liked to have some actually animated cutscenes in certain parts of the story.I don't think i have many bad comments to share. All the other users' complains about the lack of supplies are nonsense: you're conducting a pilgrimage across a desolated land chased by monsters. You're SUPPOSED to be hungry.Really, this game is awesome. Kinda replayable but a few more hours of gameplay wouldn't have hurted.p.s. SCREW KING"
76561198060864037,Recommended,237990,8818626,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Tamnier,"Banner Saga is basically a mix of Oregon Trail, Final Fantasy Tactics, with a game of thrones story line thrown in the mix and this is what you get.  That was basically the first impression I got.   I would recommend the game, I DID love it, but there are alot of things I would change about it.The pros+ The artwork is beautiful, it's what attracted me to the game in the first place+ The combat system is really well done I really like the little additions and exertion stats that add more depth to the combat+ The dark and gritty atmosphere of the story really makes you feel like you're struggling to survive, you have to decide whether to buy supplies, items, or upgrade your chars.  It really does feel like the world is coming to an end.+  Getting attached to the characters - a little too attachedThe cons-  The choices during the events, Alot of the times I feel like they are ALL bad choices and there are no good choices.  I feel that the game should motivate the player to pick between several good choices (or some bad choices).  I feel like my choices are just minimizing how much i suffer in the game, which isn't really that fun.  I know it's a end of the world thing but..-  The choices are fast and permanent.  At least give us a LITTLE warning if someone is going to leave the party if we make this choice.  If I say ""Hey you can go help them if you want"".  And the guy should say ""If you let me to go, then I go for GOOD""  THEN I know he's going to leave permanently.  At least give me a final option of having him come back.  It shouldn't be one click and then I lose a character I leveled up so hard permanently.   Don't just kill off my characters without giving me a chance to keep them alive.  If I get someone killed, i want it to be by my choice that I know it happened because I put the work into leveling that char because i wanted to KEEP THEM.-  There's alot of reading and not alot of cutscenes so most of the story is told through you reading it like it is a book.  While I don't mind because I read really fast, I don't know if I could recommend a game like this to my friends."
,Recommended,237990,13731324,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MattaN,"This game sucks you in immediately, I love it."
,Recommended,237990,10099685,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,BossStompTV,"It's fun for about five hours. I personally do not like the combat. I find it to be too shallow. It's all a matter of playing footsies to gain an advantage and then surrounding your opponent.The story and world are cool. The design is beautiful in my opinion. The single biggest problem I have with it is that it gives you a bunch of options to choose from but in the end the decisions don't make that big of a difference. They try to make it seem like Oregon Trail with turn based battles. It's not. It's a series of turn based battles with interactive travel cutscenes between them.It's cool and I like it a lot, it's just not exactly what I was expecting and I think it could potentially be a lot more than it is."
,Recommended,237990,20533342,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Yoink,10/10 Literally one of the best tactical games you'll ever play and the story is pretty good as well.
76561197962893235,Recommended,237990,27838594,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,magicfindsheep,"Recommended because of the story. It's so heart wrenching and sad. I really liked it together with the OST. I was obsessed with it and trying to perfect clear this game but unfortunately, I didn't have the time to revisit.The gameplay is simple and fun. It also makes you value your people more if you're intending to perfect clear this game.A recommended must buy."
76561198015612811,Recommended,237990,16427020,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BOT Sypr0x,"I never leave game reviews but thought of leaving one since I bought this game on a whim after a Steam sale. This is a gem of a game that combines a story guided by your decisions with turn-based strategical combat (think XCOM/Advance Wars/Fire Emblem/etc.) The story-telling is awesome, with good animations and voice acting making the world pretty immervise. It's relatively short (~10 hours of gameplay) but has good replayability since you can choose other actions in a second play-through. I lookforward to the sequel and to more games like this, 9/10 would recommend!"
76561198074529741,Recommended,237990,10794151,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Meddler,"A great game for the most part. The turn based system where each character has a turn and it alternates between you and the computer makes you think about each move. The parts between battles are interesting and the choices you make may seem of no consequence at first but later may turn out to be the difference between life and death for your caravan.The combat works with you and the computer taking it in turns to move a character on the grid based battlefield. You can only move one character per turn and the character you move is determined by the rotation order you set before the battle in the heroes menu. Each unit has two bars health, which dictates how close the unit is to being put out of action as well as how much damage you do, and defense, which dictates how much damage an enemy can do to that unit. Then there's willpower which is restored between battles, this can be used to move further and strike harder. Combat also has an effect on the narritive so you'll find yourself cringing to avoid losing a unit because each unit has a story and personality which have been quite well built.On the subject of the narritive you have a lot of decisions to make which all have consequences however significant. The world building all happens here and with a bit of help from the map you can choose how much you want to emerse yourself in the game world.All that being said I do have two main issues with the game first up, as beautiful as the graphical style of the game is, the rather long and frequent sections where you just watch your caravan roll on as the days  pass with an unmoving sun while relaxing for some can be tedious for others. My second issue is the end which I will not spoil but it feels abrupt like the devs just got tired of writing and so stopped, luckily I've heard of a sequel in the works so that's that problem solved.There are other elements I've not gone into such as managing the caravan and leveling units and buying items and supplies all done with the in game currency, renown.This game is as a good, solid, fun strategy rpg despite slightly tedious sections and an abrupt ending.I would give this game 8/10 you should buy it if you like a good story and a fairly challenging strategy rpg."
,Recommended,237990,28130339,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ex Nihilo,"Very compelling story and atmosphere that kicks off pretty immediately.Game play is tatics style turn-based with some leveling up. I really liked the gameplay, but I definitely feel as if they could have rebalanced the leveling features a little bit. It led to me scattering my levelups too wide, so I was able to get through the entire game no problem, and then the final battle was impossible.That doesn't detract from the game for me, though, especially with a sequel out. I strongly recommend this game, especially on sale!"
76561198197208582,Recommended,237990,19753560,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,juliocby,"Beautifully built, with gorgeous artwork and soundtrack. Intriguing mechanics, challenging and compelling. Interesting story and setting, evoking the Viking motif but blending it seamlessly with fantasy elements. Everything good you hear about this game is true. I wouldn't give it a perfect score, though, due to a slight lack of polish in some aspects. The battles are somewhat repetitive after a while, and toward the end it feels rushed beyond what is to be inferred by the way the story develops. Also, the way it ends, one has to look forward to the coming up installments, and it is frustrating when the wait doesn't pay out for one reason or another."
76561198099442593,Recommended,237990,15219544,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kordiak,"Highly recommended! This game has amazing artwork, an immersive soundtrack and terric story. The atmospheric quality sets it apart from so many games. When I just saw the artwork, it immediately reminded me of the old '70's cartoon adaptations of ""The Hobbit"" and ""Lord of the Rings"". Albeit, the Banner Saga art is much more polished and beautiful.I've seen some reviewers complain, saying ""boring"". I think rgis criticism is more about a gamer mismatched with this game. Banner Saga isn't for everyone. It uses tactical, turn-based combat with specialized units. It's very reminiscent of ""Gladius"" from the old X-Box. If first-person shooters and fast action is your preferred style, go for it. I enjory a mindless shoot 'em up from time to time. I just respectfully disagree that Banner Saga is in any way boring. The combat is thoughtful, and with the right difficulty adjustments, pretty challenging. But it's the story that drives this game! No spoilers here.My one criticism - I cried out with frustration when I reached the end of the game. There is still so much of the tale to be told. I was left wanting a sequel (or two) immediately."
,Recommended,237990,13728149,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shankythegingy,"This was a very enjoyable game, It has a very gripping, sad story that made me want to continue playing. Even though the game was amazing, i felt like no matter what i did, it was wrong, which im sure was the point of the game. I think spent more time thinking about what couldve happened than i spent on making the decisions that led to the bad outcomes.Overall, probably one of the best games ive ever played,with a story comparable to Telltale's Walking Dead. Pick it up when its on sale."
,Recommended,237990,15096170,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,antonybaranov,"The gods are dead, the sun stood still and the world, inhabited by humans and giants, is on the brink of destruction - these are the first words of the Banner Saga introduction. The game was created by Stoic Studio, was founded by people from the famous BioWare Studio, gave the world such great role-playing games like Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Mass Effect and Dragon Age.World of Banner Saga is gloomy, harsh and designed to the last detail. Inspired by Scandinavian mythology and stories about the vikings. Before the player unfolds a fascinating story, will be given the opportunity to observe developments from the point of view of several different main characters. Hunter Rook with his daughter Alette are saved from their village, which was attacked by dredges, dark warriors, whose armies are threatening to destroy all life in this world. Giant Hakon leads an army together with the human prince Ludin to help Grofheim, besieged the capital of the Kingdom.Banner Saga is role-playing game (RPG) with turn-based battles. During the 8-9 hours of the game player will have to make the hard decisions and none of the proposed options will be not definitely good, you always have to face the consequences of your decisions. The player will lead to the final goal not only the main characters, the number of which is constantly changing - someone will come, someone will leave, and someone will die. Also player will be responsible for the people, who walking in the caravan with him: refugees fleeing from dredges, who destroyed their home.Especially I want to tell about plot and dialogues. All dialogues in the game are presented in the form of large amounts of text. The text is extremely high quality, it is like you situate in an interactive book where you decide what and how will happen next.Music plays a huge role in creating the atmosphere of the approaching end of the world. Scandinavian themes  plays on the background of colorful snowy scenery and it is just incredible. Under calm music caravan covers the distance from one village to another, under the anxious music soldiers and giants go to the last battle against horrible dredges to protect their families. Under such musical compositions I would like to sincerely empathize with the characters.For this game I would waste my free day, wrapped in a blanket with a cup of warm cocoa. The music and visual style of  Banner Saga make the game like complete artwork, which I will replay several times, to get new impressions.10 brave vikings out of 10. Excellent."
,Recommended,237990,13861388,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,My Neighbor Totoro,A really beautiful game with excellent turn-based gameplay and great art and story.
76561198046208033,Recommended,237990,10911360,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Smurphy,"So I beat the game, then came profusely."
76561197972370664,Recommended,237990,29496460,Posted: 25 January,all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"This game succeeds as an experience greater than the sum of its parts.The combat is fun, but there's better. The caravan Oregan-trail gameplay is enjoyable, but there's better. What makesThe Banner Sagaworth playing is that everything works together to create an immersive experience, more like binge-watching a TV show than working through a strategy game. Sure, the game's linear, but it allows them to make a tighter narrative experience.Impressive things to look out for:- Outstanding artwork- Outstanding narrative- Expansive soundtrack- Beautiful combat animations- Wonderfully characterized worldNot so impressive things you'll encounter:- Underdeveloped RPG elements- Underdeveloped caravan gameplay- Absence of voice acting, even for important parts- Main villain missing some pizazz. He looks like a boss creep from Warcraft III.I have not played the second one yet, but I'd recommend starting with this one, as so much of the world is established. Can't wait to get the next one!"
,Recommended,237990,13161604,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sawworm Brando,"""Like Skyrim but with Varl"" - IGN10/10"
,Recommended,237990,13552546,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,T.K.,"What a good game! Story is awesome, the dilemmas, the atmosphere, it makes the whole game a great experience. Battling is also very good, you just need time to learn its machenics. The flaws do not even worth mention. Indeed worth the money."
,Recommended,237990,12069187,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Vanzen,WOW! A must have!
,Recommended,237990,16634806,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"Beautiful animations, gorgeous environments, powerful music.The weight you feel in making decisions for your caravan is underscored at every turn.  The ramifications hit you down the road in ways you may not have expected.  The story unfolds in a deeply affecting and unexpected way.For these reasons, I cannot recommend this game highly enough.However, all that makes the simplicity of the tactical combat that much more disappointing.  It's highly exploitable, and yet also sometimes arbitrarily frustrating.  I wouldn't say it's ""bad"", but it could be so much better."
,Recommended,237990,26248184,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Volper,"The Banner Saga is not only a gorgeous and visually impeccable game, with its crisp artwork and breathtaking world; it is also one with beautiful sound design and original soundtrack. Gameplay-wise, TBS is a fresh take on the grid turn-based format, by awarding archetype-locked abilities to your heroes. Story-wise, the enriched norse mythlogy-based world offers a lot of lore and interesting characters to fall in love with.I highly recommend this game, even if the lack of voiceacting in dialogue (apart from voiceovers) and AI weak combos make it a slight bore at times."
,Recommended,237990,17246383,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bridge,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,237990,10288688,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,BenduHead,"Grim, hopeless, depressing, melancholic, hard, dark, but so damn beautiful... The Banner Saga. 9/10."
,Recommended,237990,8741512,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,m010011,"The Banner Saga has great gameplay, amazing story, beautiful art and overall polish. All the key elements that make a gem of a game and that are missing in so called AAA games. This game reminded me why am I still a gamer."
,Recommended,237990,8741639,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,shalombi,"Quite honestly wouldn't know how to classify this game. Heroes of Might and Magic gameplay for combats combined with a ruthless oregon trail style decisions, or series of misfortunes however you see fit, amazing story telling and incredible art work.One of the most creative and refreshing I've played in a while.Can't wait for the next instalment!"
,Recommended,237990,8742668,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,the.french.penguin,"The strategic turn based combat is very reminescent of other tactics based games, but the greatness of The Banner Saga really lies in its stylized animation and storytelling. The animation in this game is absolutely beautiful, and reminds me a lot of the work of Ralph Bakshi."
,Recommended,237990,8745861,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rise_ofthe_Mike,"I havn't played much of the game but I felt that there are two areas that I can discuss with authority.  The first is that the graphics are impressive and stand out amongst the derivitave art style of other games. The combat is interesting and fun, though it is difficult when playing on the harder difficulty level. Staying alive becomes a real task. I have also enjoyed the dialogue so far. If any of these things change 'pon further play then I will revise my review. As it stands, the game is a joy to play and look at."
76561197996381121,Recommended,237990,8722782,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,russellfs,"This is without a doubt the best game I have played in some time. Equal parts chose your own adventure, tactical combat and Oregon Trail it is very much it's own game. The art style I found amazing. Think western animation before it was influenced by Japan with Vikings and you are close. It was beautiful and cohesive in all parts of the game and this is a rare thing to find.I played the game on normal and it has been some time since a game on normal challenged me. This one did and it was that much more rewarding when I finished it. I will be playing this again more times to explore other choices and I am looking forward to the next parts they will be releasing.The game drops you in the middle of a story but that did not bother me and by the end I was very much invested in it. Looking forward to more! (Edit- Picked up the 2nd one)"
76561197979921029,Recommended,237990,8728017,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,cypherkd,"I have to say the story and combat of this game sucked me in.  I started playing when it came out, had to force myself to stop so I could get a couple hours of sleep before work and went right back to it the rest of the day when I got home.  You really get connected to the characters and it is really intese worrying about how you are going to get your parties through their troubles while balancing supplies, leveling, and gear with your resources. Turn based strategy games are my favorite type of games, and this one is near the top, beaten only by Vanguard Bandits, Fire Emblem, X-Comm, and Final Fantasy Tactics"
76561197975765874,Recommended,237990,8728718,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,RiotHouse,"The more I play, the more I want to play!  Norse mythos never gets old, love the frosty climate and the Oregon Trail style gameplay."
76561198107823602,Recommended,237990,8731451,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,tantalus83,"If you are in storytelling and turn-based combat this game is just perfect for you. At the beginning I was a bit sceptical because of the few animations during conversations and the very slow soundtrack at the first hour... but later I was so much into the story and the soundtrack changed that i did not care. The art in this game is drawn with love. But the thing that impressed me most was the handling of saving in the game... you cant choose where to save or just reload the game when you made a desicion and you did not like it's outcome. You just go on with that bad feeling that you lost one of your favorite. You have to handle the results. Even if you lose a battle, the is no rewind button. You have to live with it and it's results, which infulence your caravan, your supplies and the life or death of your clanmen and heroes!The story unfolds with time and you reveal the secrets of your partymember with some time (if they survive). The story waits with some unexpected changes and outcomes."
76561198022395086,Recommended,237990,8731958,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,dima_v,"Brilliant artwork, captivating story, sometimes simple, but addictive gameplay.what else do you need to buy a game?"
76561198008900081,Recommended,237990,8732414,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Maedhros,This was a good game.On the plus side:1) Lovely art2) No bugs3) Different take on turn based combat4) No plot armor5) It felt like there were real choices in both plot and rescource management.Down side:1) Short2) Could use more enemy variety
,Recommended,237990,8736003,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Blingvarr,One of the best games I have played in awhile.  The art style and laid back gameplay were a welcome change of pace for me.
,Recommended,237990,8737012,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,The Memes of production,pretty cool anime
,Recommended,237990,8737550,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Johnny002,Very pretty and solid
76561198040412298,Recommended,237990,8738967,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,"So far so good, I want to see more 2d isometric turn based games in the future now that this has been proven to be successful."
76561197971743719,Recommended,237990,8741174,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,"Vero, at last.","Banner Saga...A cold wind blows across your face as you survey the battle-hardened warriors and their kin huddled around a hastily prepared bonfire. There are fewer of them now, a product of your leadership, though, you are resolute in knowing that your courage and pragmatism saved many of them. Despite the hardship you have endured, you can hear laughter and merriment in the distance, dancing and joyful music. A smile graces your chapped lips.Your daughter stands besides you, clinging to your tunic, and with a gentle word she speaks looking on with you,""I think it's time, Father.""With a bellow from your lips the camp is broken down, and once again you find yourself on the road headed toward adventure, your banner, telling the story of your people all the way back to the beginning, flapping defiantly in the wind.This is your time.Banner Saga is a game about the burden of leadership in the face of adversity. The tale is told from many points of view and unlike other games, I have yet to find a game over screen. Your choices are permanent & resounding. Failure sticks and has consequences. If you're familiar with X-Com, this is Ironman.If you're interested in a great norse inspired story of men, beasts, and giants, in a time where the gods are thought dead, then this is the game for you. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,237990,8741369,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Salix,Oregon Trail meets Final Fantasy Tactics in this chill strategy game packed with the nostalgia feels.
,Recommended,237990,8742370,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Kalamino,"As a long time tactical RPG fan, this puts a new spin on the genre. Very interesting, fun to learn."
76561198031945176,Recommended,237990,8736897,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,petehogan,"On a scale of Oreos being ""Good"", and Cheerios being ""Meh"" - I give this a solid KitKat."
76561198006266934,Recommended,237990,8726451,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Spinnz,Awesome. Having so much fun!
,Recommended,237990,8729073,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,thanksman,"Unbeliably beautiful as much as it is brutal and unforgiving. In a age of games filled with perks, camo, and powerups its nice to see a game not reward the player for the most minor of feats. Soundtrack, story, and combat make this an unforgettable experience for the 1/3 of price as a mass market game."
,Recommended,237990,10888116,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ASBlackBeard,"This game is amazing.  I wish more games like this were made.  The art style is beautiful, the story is compelling, and the gameplay is engaging.My only complaint about the game is that it felt a little short.  I do plan to replay the game, though, so I think it is worth the purchace price.Can't wait for a second episode to get more of the story."
,Recommended,237990,8837590,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Nif,"It's Oregon Trail + Final Fantasy Tactics lite. The combat seems pretty simple on the surface, but they way they use Armor and Strength is neat. A unit's Strength is effectively their HP, and the damage a unit can do is Strength - Armor.  If a unit's Strength < opponent's Armor, they have a (Armor - Strength)*10% chance to miss completely.  If you ignore armor and go for strength attacks, you run the risk of missing with your weaker characters, but if you only focus on armor, they can do more damage to you on their turn.Between fights, you're on an oregon trail style adventure after the invasion of your village by Dredge, a race of heavily armored people from the north. They're the main antagonists of the game, forcing the main characters to flee from city to city looking for refuge. The number of supplies you have determine how many days you can travel before your clansmen and warriors begin to die. In addition, the longer you travel, the worse your clan's morale gets, meaning you have to balance supplies with camping and resting. Various dialog and story events play a part in the number of clansmen you lose or gain if they decide to join your caravan.The story mainly revolves around a hunter named Rook, who falls into the leadership role in a caravan of refugees. You and the other characters are attempting to find refuge between two separate apocalyptic events and a horde of invading warriors. Similar to Game of Thrones, the story is barely ever not dark, but it fits the tone of the world. You're not on a quest to save the planet, you're just trying to get your people to safety.Only downside is that it lacks closure on some of the bigger story elements. Looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,237990,32800639,Posted: 25 June,all,Geist,Very fun reminds me alot of final fantasy tactics which i wish they would bring to steam so if your in to that type of game pick this up
76561197972518312,Recommended,237990,17256394,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sergius,Different but enjoyable. I liked this title.
,Recommended,237990,16513928,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Burnzynski,"No one's demanding that I kick puppies or save orphans.In addition to a comabat system that is just the right blend of challenging, original, and entertaining, this game sports a compelling plot. Every decision has pros and cons, and the npc will respect your decisions without berating you or offering lopsided rewards."
,Recommended,237990,25128471,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,BTonyB,Fantastic game with incredible writing!
,Recommended,237990,8730946,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Swaggis Broatheon,"Presentation - 9/10Graphics - 9/10Sound - 9/10Gameplay - 9/10Replayability - 10/10I love the art style that they brought into this game. I've always been a fan of turned based tactical games. This game, however, brings that element to a whole new level. The story is awesome and the combat is great. You really grow attached to some of your heroes as well as your followers in your caravan and are just as devestated when you find you made a mistake befriending them. Literally every tiny decision you make can have a huge impact on how the game turns out. A general description would be Game of Thrones meets Vikings meets Disney meets Mount and Blade."
,Recommended,237990,19997168,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chernobylitate,"The Banner Saga... Where to begin? I've made many choices,lived and survived to regret it...yet....it had to be done... The game has such a great story and great atmosphere. Decisions you make in the game are crucial and may haunt you or bite you in the back later. I was playing the good guy.... Accepted or helped as many people as I could along the way. I let people join my caravan, assisted those who stayed behind. Until.... Someone turned traitor after a long while. Perhaps it was due to the low morale from our dwindling food supplies... or was it my leadership? I was accused of letting anybody from the road join the caravan. There was mistrust and there was alot of squabbling amongst the clansmen.My logic was this: The common enemy was the dredge. No point fighting amongst ourselves.And that was how i rolled throughout the whole game. Pretty much like Game of Throne's Nights Watch style. I'd willingly accept anyone whose willing to join and help those that decide to stay, despite their lost cause. I've made a few good friends that way, lost a few too.The ending...I think I made the right choice. Though sad, but I felt that whatever that had happened, the great journey, was all just to get that 1 character to the end. Bittersweet indeed.TLDR:  I felt like Ned Stark in Game of Thrones. Sometimes the best decisions aren't always the morally righteous ones. The game really shines in this part as well. The fighting is similar to XCOM styled games....its decent. You really have to decide your hero placements tactically and their moves too. One wrong move could cost the whole battle."
,Recommended,237990,23977185,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Brickman,"Both painfully short and heart-breaking, The Banner Saga is something you will come to for the story, and stay for the fun and strategic turn-based combat that takes up a good chunk of the game. I would have loved to learn about the world, but at the same time I feel like the lack of knowledge helped contribute to the overall despair of the caravan and their own lack of knowledge throughout the game. I look forward to playing the sequel when I get the chance!"
,Recommended,237990,14204564,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,revoked,More more immersive than I thought it would be. Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,237990,20637452,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Travanoid,"Breathtakingly gorgeous game. The art is wonderful to look at and vibrantly colourful, allowing characters to stand out against the often snowy backdrops.The story and soundtrack are both exceptional, and do an amazing job of drawing the player into the frigid environments of the game, and the desperate struggle for survival.The world map contains a great amount of lore on every location, even those which are nowhere near the events of the game. This makes the world feel like it has history, helping fit the game's narrative into a larger tapestry. Characters are well-written, but could have used even more dialogue to flesh them out even further.Combat is tense, and the battle system has a few unique quirks. First, strength is based on a unit's health. Second, turn order alternates between allied and enemy units in a set order. The combat classes are well-balanced and there are interesting synergies when using special skills in tandem. Battles are tense, especially when outnumbered and surrounded. Units level up based on how many kills they get, which can cause a snowball effect and leave many of your units underleveled.Out of combat, there is light resource management in the form of supplies for your caravan. There are also many decisions to be made, some more difficult than others. Also, your party members can die permanently based on your decisions in these events. On one hand, this feels a bit cheap, since these deaths are unpreventable. On the other hand, this ensures that decisions feel weighty and meaningful, and does not allow choices to be made without care.Unit upgrades and purchasing supplies and items are handled with the same currency: ""renown"". This is earned by killing enemies, winning battles, and sometimes through other choices. This resource can get very tight, leading to even more tough decisions.Overall, an outstanding game that I would recommend to anyone who likes strategy."
76561197969417125,Recommended,237990,19447352,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,G00N3R,"The Banner Saga is an adventure game featuring basic RPG elements and a Norse/Viking theme, where the player leads a caravan of civilians and warriors across a wilderness while trying to escape constant attacks by a race of metallic creatures called Dredge.There's an enjoyable turn based combat system that has some tactical depth. Battles take place on a square grid, and the player has a party of up to 6 warriors. You'll often start the fight outnumbered, but the movement order is similar to chess where the player moves one unit, then the AI moves one unit, and so on, which means having less units isn't necessarily a disadvantage.Each warrior has two main characteristics - strength and armour. Strength represents both the amount of damage inflicted by a successful attack, and the health of the warrior. When strength reaches zero the warrior is knocked out of the fight, but it also means a warrior who is close to death will do less damage. Armour indicates how difficult it is to successfully damage a unit's strength - if their armour is higher than your strength, you probably won't hit, so sometimes you need to weaken the enemy's armour first before you can actually hurt them.Positioning is also important. Varl (giants) take up 4 grid spaces instead of 1 and can easily block the movement of both friendly and enemy warriors. Archers have weaker armour so its a good idea to keep them behind melee units. My one complaint about the combat is the lack of variety. Pretty much every unit for both your side and the Dredge, is either melee or archer. There's hardly any offensive magic, and no healing, so most fights play out the same way from a tactical point of view.Outside of combat you'll have choices to make when certain events happen. Most choices have consequences, which could be good or bad. For example you might encounter another group of people on the road who want to join you, and you can accept or refuse. If you accept, you might gain warriors, or they might steal some of your food. If you refuse, they might leave peacefully or they might just attack you.The story is okay. It starts slow but gets better after a couple of hours. I never really cared about any of the Varl characters, their personalities didn't develop beyond ""I'm a warrior and want to kill stuff"", but I did like the main two Humans, Rook and Alette. Their father/daughter relationship at least gave me a reason to care about keeping them alive.However, the game loses points for presentation. There are lots of nicely animated cutscenes of people walking in a straight line through the snow, but unfortunately as soon as any action happens, its either described by a wall of text, or through dialogue scenes between motionless character portraits - the majority of which has no voice acting.Overall The Banner Saga is a decent game, but I wouldn't class it as a ""must play"". If you enjoy turn based combat it should entertain you for the 10 hours needed to finish the campaign, but you might want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,237990,10185082,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mihara,"Beware, the story is at best first part of a trilogy, it's kind of expensive (it's worth it, but I waited until it was on sale) and there are some things about the interface that are frustrating. (I keep wanting to zoom. It can't zoom.)It's sill unique, fresh, and extremely stylish, and I want more."
,Recommended,237990,22525155,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Deathrose47,"Let me start off by saying this, I don't normally play strategy games in fact I've done my best to avoid them. But after hearing about this game since 2014 and seeing it on sale for 75% off I decided I should give it a shot. After only playing half an hour in my first sitting because I got called away I ended up spending the whole day playing the game from beginning to end. The combat is extremely satisfying and the story is absolutely amazing. For anyone with doubts about this game I recommend picking it up while it's still on sale. By the time you've decided I'll be playing through the Banner Saga 2."
,Recommended,237990,16545729,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mystz,"Skilful blend of Northern Mythology and Game of Throne vibe.Reminded me the good old time turn by turn games with quite a modern twist to it.Soundtrack is really good, choices you make do in fact influence the whole story and there's some real challenge in normal and hard difficulties.Oh and beware when you start liking/disliking some of the characters : they might die, if not worse than that.Seriously, if it's on sale, or not, buy it :](One of the) best indie game I've played, looking forward the next episode.Because seriously, I need answers."
,Recommended,237990,22621071,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dholly,almost the best game ever played11/10
,Recommended,237990,19448264,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SEINE STOUFFIGKEIT,"It is amazing what story you can tell in such a relativly small production.This game takes you on a real adventure, which lets you experience so much and lets you feel various emotions from anger and sadness to joy and a feeling of success. All incited through a gripping main story, which unfolds beatifully, and the small decisions you can make along the your adventure. They really have an impact, at least it gives you the feeling they have. To be honest I have not expected this gmae to be this good. Things get really grim when you run out of supplies and oyur fighters start dying, your numbers dwindle and the enemy is at your heels. Very intense and well done!The setting is so cool, I would like to know more about the lands, vikins, varls and dredge and also what nordic mythology was frame for them, havent found much yet though.Game mechanics are also very exciting. It takes some time to figure out how the battle system works but it is very well thought through and one really needs some good tactics to prevail. Battles can be hard but they are also very rewarding.The only that comes to mind when thinking about problems, is that departing characters take the items you gave them with them. Thats a bit frustrating because some items are pretty expensive.All in all this game is easily a 10/10 points due to it being so surprisingly good!"
76561198257696182,Not Recommended,237990,31607776,Posted: 7 May,all,acslacker,"I gave it more than a fair shake.  It hurts me to write this review.  I love strategy turn-based RPGs, and am sad that we don't have more to choose from.  This game has some great artwork and the characters are amusing.  I like the depressed overall atmosphere, which is very appropriate for what's going down.  I don't even mind the prestige system.  Yeah, it bites when a promoted character dies from an event, but hey, bad things happen when the world goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and sometimes that means losing someone I'm not sure I can do without.If a game is billed as a tactical RPG (rather than, say, a virtual novel), then it had better damn well bullseye the combat.  Instead, TBS fails to hit the target.  The AI adopts a KO strategy, which is pretty standard fare.  The problem is, the player cannot adopt this same strategy in return due to alternating turn order.  It benefits the enemy when pawns are killed off, because that killed pawn's giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother now gets more turns to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your team.  The best strategy is to leave pawns limping and bleeding all over the battlefield with 1 HP remaining.  What the hell sense does that make?  The player cannot respond in kind because getting team members KO'ed results in lasting consequences: losing food for the army, or not dealing with a full deck next battle.  It seems a lot of players consider this combat system to be intuitive.  It's bass-ackwards to me.If this were a virtual novel and I could skip the combat, I'd have had a better experience.  Instead, and I say this with great regret, I have to pass on the rest of this series."
76561197994992427,Recommended,237990,8709761,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Sergeant James Dunril,"Well, this isn't a run and gun action game. There is a ton of dialogue, and reading set in a rich viking-esque themed world, if you love a good story, and the ability to interact with the story.. well, look no further as The Banner Saga delivers, and it delivers greatly. The combat is interesting, and the decision making is even more enthralling, look no further."
,Recommended,237990,8795588,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Drewsko,not bad. Very beautiful art but not alot of hands on.. Definitely check out thier free to play multiplayer game Banner Saga : Factions to see if you like the combat style because 75% of the games 'action' is in this. And if you don't like it or can't stand it (kinda tricky) your not gonna like the single player aspect. I heard this game is just a part of the whole story/ game so I expect alot more out of the second one or am gonna wait till that one goes on sale. Still very satisfying tho if your into the style..
,Recommended,237990,8731154,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jachymor,"If you played the free multiplayer before, you will know what the main part of the game will be - a lovely drawn yet brutal viking Fire Emblem. However, you will also fight aztec-viking stone golem aswell.If you search for a great turn based strategy game with character development and decision making, here it is. If you seek a nordic-skyrim-experience, here it is. If you seek a gracious artstyle, you probably have already seen it in the screenshots. If you seek a challenging and at times unforgiving difficulty, here you go!Minor complaints go only into the safe system, some choices and the ""war"" system. You have one real safe point that auto-saves after all important events. So if you made a mistake and let a companion die (which can happen every minute as it appears, but the game usually gives subtle hints that your current choice of actions might be stupid), you have to replay the whole chapter, which can take half an hour.When travelling, some choices give you the option to ask some people about their opinion. Too bad they take that as an invitation to ""do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they please"", robbing you of the possibility to make your own choice. Whenever you meet such an situation, copy said mentallity.The ""war"" system on the other hand is rather intransparent and will only determine against how much enemies you will fight and how many of your followers will fall instead. There is sadly no visualisation of said battles, which turns war into some kind of ""random encounter"" with adjustable difficulty.Also spotted one bug where the warden shows the Hunters bow when he attacks to the north. Fix pls, I like the Warden."
76561197991689866,Not Recommended,237990,15049756,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,tomfed,"Oh the hype train for this game. I put off buying the Banner Saga for a while due to some sceptical comments i read about the game. I had heard it was fairly lengthy and the story was relatively good so in the end that was enough for me.The positives really are in the way this game looks its very much like playing an old disney fantasy esc film. Its stricking in its colour scheme, that much is sure however during ""cutscenes""  if you can call the coversations of text, cutscenes the still characters portraits dont respond physically to anything going on around them and this can create a disconnect between their expressions and whats actually happening.The game is broken up into three parts the camping which is where the covos/levelling take place, the trekking, which is basically just you watching your little ant party move left or right.  And the combat which is about deciding whether to damage health or armour. Attacking armour first means more damage can be inflicted to the health while attacking health first will mean the enemy wont do as much damage with less health. Simple.Turn based strategy how i love it! most of the time. This game quickly becomes dull, the enemies are the mostly the same and the action doesn’t leave much to the strategic eye compared with say, X-com or Civ. You will quickly find the best strategy and the many unused characters in your party will soon become useless because why would you use anyone thats woefully underleveled and under powered.While there’s something relaxing about the trek across the frozen tundra there is also a tedium to it. Sure random events pop up but they do little to effect the course of the game. Alot of big decisions are actually arbitrary and change little in the narrative. This game feels less like an RPG and more like a adventure game with RPG elements tacked on.Final thoughts, I don’t get the hype I really don’t this is an average game it really is, to me at least. The lore in the background of the story seems awesome , the map is huge! But neither are utilised to there potential, you just get carried through the story down a linear path and don’t really influence it in any great way. The art is lovely but beyond that what is there here to become engrossed in? By the end I really couldn’t be bothered It took me 7 hours and it was a slog for the last 3 the combat just didn’t go anywhere beyond its simple mechanics. The story was interesting to begin with but soon became flat at the half way point, no questions I had were answered, and at times it became rather predictable ( think game of thrones). When I have to force myself to finish something I cant recommend it, its as simple as that."
76561198074127789,Recommended,237990,14053586,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Mang,10/10 will pillage again.
,Not Recommended,237990,8801445,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"As many have already mentioned: Utterly fantastic art, especially in landscapes. Beautiful, high-res, hand-drawn. It's just gorgeous to look at. The in-game map is beautiful, too. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the soundtrack here, which is excellent and fits the world and the story incredibly well. The lore is pretty deep. A lot of work went into the world-building, and it shows.As far as tactical gameplay, health and strength occupying the same function is brilliant, and the way armor and strength affect damage dealt is ingenious. Willpower and exertion are further interwoven, creating depth. It's fantastic and it works to provide the best tactical aspect of the game.However, combat design overall often feels a too raw and underdeveloped at higher levels. For example, why can't I check out my characters' stats while deciding who to use for the battle? Isn't that sort of important? Why isn't there a range attribute? Am I just missing it? I understand that shieldbangers move more slowly and have less range than other units due to their heft, but it'd be awfully handy if I could tell just how far they'd be able to move when placing them. Same with enemy units. There's just too much missing here. The basic premise involving strength, armor, exertion, and willpower is solid and incredibly innovative to the genre, but some major fleshing out needs to happen in order to get me more invested into the tactical combat being presented here. I often feel like I'm floundering, like I don't I have enough information to even begin to approach a battle tactically. It takes me out of the experience and I just tend to float through battles rather than plan and execute an actual strategy. And that's a very, very bad thing for a tactical RPG.I also question the system of having each side alternating moves, rather than assigning characters a speed attribute and having that govern when turns are taken and by whom. There's a huge missed opportunity here that would greatly affect the Man vs. Varl unit selection and it would help to balance the two units. Instead it seems they tried to balance them by making the Varl bigger and less maneuverable, but I don't think this works nearly as well. I ended up selecting mostly Varl units in each battle simply because they were the hardiest and I often didn't feel the desire to try and play tactically. Just roll the Varl out there with an archer or two and have them smash heads while the archers wear away the opposing units armor. A speed attribute would have added a great deal of depth: Do you opt for speed and maneuverability and quickly bring the fight to the opponent? Or do you go with a solid front line, advance slowly, and wear the enemy down while tanking through whatever damage they deliver? It would have added a ton of tactical depth that this game is missing.The interface has some issues. You'd better be 100% on-point with your mouse clicks, otherwise you'll have to try and figure out where you went wrong, select the same unit again, and start from scratch with whatever you were trying to get him to do. It's way too easy to click the wrong thing, and just not intuitive enough to prevent regular frustration from occuring when you're trying to get your units to do what you want. There are similar issues with selecting units and placing them prior to a battle. This is a minor gripe, but by the end of the game it was incredibly frustrating to miss a click on a willpower star by a fraction of an inch, and have to select the character and tell him what I wanted him to do from scratch.Though the art is very well-done, I felt some of the character designs were too generic and too difficult to tell from one-another. There are a few Varl units who are basically just palette swaps from one another with very minor differences in facial features. Due to this, and not being able to view any details about a unit prior to selecting them in battle, I had a lot of trouble keeping the characters straight and often made mistakes during deployment that could have easily been avoided had I been allowed to view more details about which units I was actually selecting for battle. I mean, it doesn't even tell you which class a unit is on the pre-battle screen -- Just their name, level, and a picture of their face. No class, no stats, nothing.Weak characterization makes the problem even worse. I often confused Griss and Bersi, and by Chapter 5 I had no idea which one was which and often made mistakes in deploying them. I found it hard to get invested in any of the characters. None of them show any depth, and the only one written with any panache at all was Ludin. Poor dialogue exacerbates the characterization issues.Decisions are too frequently unclear about what you're actually selecting. I don't mind having things blow up in my face, but I need to be adequately informed on what it is I'm choosing to do. For example, you arrive at a fortress and enter, only to have enemies immediately attack it. You are given a choice as to whether to rest in the fortress, or immediately attack and attempt to break out. This choice is followed by another, in which you choose the actual tactics of your breakout. So you've got two choices to make at the same time, but you have to choose whether or not to rest before you're able to see what your options will be during the actual attack. Jeez, this is getting complicated... Still with me? Basically, you're forced to make an initial choice (whether or not to rest first) without adequate information to make the decision. If I had known that I'd have liked to charge the enemy and attempt to eradicate them all, I'd definitely have rested first. If I was going to try and distract them and get away, I'd have chosen to attack immediately to prevent more from arriving. The character I'm playing would have had all of this knowledge in his mind while making the initial decision as to whether or not to rest -- Why don't I? This kind of thing is present too frequently, and it leads to way too much frustration. It cheapens the decisions you're making.Losing characters to decisions made through the game, rather than in battle, is something that keeps the intensity up, but overall I don't think it works nearly as well as Fire Emblems system of permadeath within combat. It puts too much of the onus on the story sequences and takes away from the importance of the battles. If you're in this for the story, that's fine, but it lessens the importance of the tactical game and makes it too easy simply to trudge through battles without really caring what happens. Halfway through the game I began to just autopilot my way through battles. I lost my sense of investment in my units and my tactics and started to get bored of the entire actual game. I bought this for the tactical gameplay, not the story, and so I came away very disappointed.Summary:The landscapes are beautifully rendered, the lore is surprisingly well-written, and though the characters are pretty weak, the story is engaging. Unfortunately, the tactical combat as a whole leaves a lot to be desired. It's solidly constructed at its base and its key gimmick (strength and health occupying the same stat, and weaving armor into the mix) is incredibly innovative, but too often I felt there wasn't enough detail or I didn't have enough key information to dig in and play tactically, which lead to me becoming utterly disinterested in the actual tactical gameplay about halfway through. I ended up switching it down to easy and blasted through the game just to see the story.If you're looking for an engaging story framed in a beautifully constructed world, then you'll probably enjoy your time with The Banner Saga. As a tactical RPG, though, it's seriously flawed. The systems in place are intriguing but ultimately too raw and undeveloped for me to really endorse. So as a longtime fan of the genre, it's hard for me to recommend this game."
76561198046670039,Not Recommended,237990,26434882,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sirda317,I do not understand how this game can have such a high rating.poor combat mechanic which doesnt make any sence - generally is better not to IK any enemy - just let them live with low power/healthu have no freedom - just stupidly watch your caravan on the routestory is sooo boringI never write reviews - the fact that I'm writing this negative review clearly shows how this game seems bad to me
,Recommended,237990,18889208,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"A few words/short novel on the Banner Saga, one of my favourite games of the year, now that it's on sale.Bought it on sale and heard some good things about it, but definitely liked it more than I expected to.The game plays in turnbased combat system and conversations and cutscenes and it's a slow game. Not slow in a bad way (for me, anyway), as you sit and for small portion of the game just sit and watch as your group travels slowly through the snow while you listen to the music and admire the landscape.The game is set in a Viking-setting, though in a different world where the gods are dead and the sun is stuck in the sky. In the game you play named commanders of one-two caravans, travelling in snowy landscapes to lead your people to safety from war as they are attacked by a race called the Grudge. Your caravan will be affected by supplies(starvation and morale that you must take into consideration while playing.The combat is turnbased and your characters can choose to hit the strength/hp or the armour of targets,each class/characters has a special ability and otherwise have standard melee and/or ranged attacks. The ""currency"" Willpower is used to make characters move further/hit harder and is gained through levelling up characters and defeating enemies in combat.Now the progress. The game only saves in the beginning of chapters and then has fixed savepoints in the chapters so if you fcked somethig up, you might have to reload from a good while back. Importantly; some characters die because of your choices in text events. In my first playthrough I let things happen as they did and personally enjoyed being responsible and having a few ""war sucks"" moments and having to make tough/wrong choices and getting a more personal feeling of the game.The currency Reknown is used to level up characters and buy items and supplies. It is gained through winning combat. It's hard to juggle the spending on all those things, so I ended up buying exactly no items, few supplies and spending it all on levelling. (Adding gold (or something) as an additional currency to use on buying things and adding it to loot and lowering the reknown gains from battle would be nice, please).Difficulty; it's possible (at least on easy mode) to leave your entire caravan to die (your fighters will not) to starvation and poor morale. In the higher difficulties the morale will count towards your fighters strenght and hp in battle.The game is however deep you want it to be; the map (thought sadly useless) is incredibly detailed with the entire map having names and stories for every forest/lake/mountain. You can also choose to talk to characters and how thorough you want to do the conversations. Therefore it's possible to rush the game or go fully into the story. A normal playthrough is 10 hours, all conversations included. I played through the game twice, once for making my own personal choices and story and once for more achievements.Buy for the story and for the atmosphere. Don't expect explosions and action all game as it definitely has its slower times. If you want a game with depth and a good feeling to it and can handle the slower bits; definitely buy. The games leaves you with that sad-good-feeling you'd get from surviving a war and having gone through some sht, but also been through an adventure.Tip; always click the flag sin the corner when combat starts as it will show you the hp/armour of enemies at all times and not just on hover-over.Extra points to Nordic players as the language used at some points gives a few chuckles."
,Recommended,237990,22400216,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,dambuk1,Regretted every plot-related decision. 10/10 - would despair again.
,Recommended,237990,8809058,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Rend,"An absolutely stunning tale with excellent gameplay elements, visually impressive and worth every cent.~8 hours of your time will not be better spent, and then you'll go back for more when you're done."
,Not Recommended,237990,11015607,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Footstrike,"The game has wonderful artwork and music, a decent premise for its plot and the combat is passable for a turn-based game. However, the story is presented almost entirely through text and the dialog is often flat. You also spend maybe half of the game just watching a rolling background. Furthermore, some of the choices you make in the game have random outcomes; practically none of them are predictable. So it makes for a frustrating experience when you repeatedly draw a bad hand.I really hope Stoic's next effort is improved. Voiced dialog would have done much for the game, as well as abbreviated travel and more focus on stories as they occur in the villages and cities. I realize constantly being on the run was supposed to be a part of the plot, but Stoic needed to show more compelling ineractions between the members of the caravan to support that. I'm of the opinion they should have just faded to black, otherwise. Because I'm really not that interested in coming across random bandits that have no impact on the major story arc. Filler is not the way to go."
76561198068271494,Recommended,237990,32714616,Posted: 24 June,all,Noriq,Worth your time.
76561197972402093,Not Recommended,237990,13145482,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Duglas,"Note that I only put an hour and a half into this game....An hour and a half into the game, I got through 3 or so battles, so, I could tell that this is trying to be a story based game. However, the problem comes in their presentation. There is no voice over, so you are reading everything and almost all the text is dialogue. So, you don't get much of a sense of the world or the characters while going through the story. The visuals during the dialogue will just show one or two characters on the screen. This creates the problem where you don't really know who is talking, or if you are talking, or who you are supposed to be right now (since you play as many different characters).What I am trying to get to... is an hour and a half into a game, most of trying to develope the story, left me uninterested in any of the characters and uninterested with the combat. It feels like it has potential to get better, but it falls short at the start of the game."
,Not Recommended,237990,31194125,Posted: 17 April,all,JASe,"Good Story and the world is beautiful. The game mechanics are really frustrating however. The idea to have health and strengh be the same is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid as it makes pretty much every person who takes damage at any point utterly useless. XP only counts towards kills which means that all the hits your tank has been taking amount to nothing if someone else gets the kill, meaning as time goes on your strongest guys will just get stronger and your weaker guys will become obsolete. This will make half your roster useless if you dont plan correctly."
76561198076131744,Not Recommended,237990,13151953,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Betty Swollocks,"Nice story and artwork, but frustrating as hell in terms of gameplay, with stupidly difficult enemies,♥♥♥♥♥♥weak protagonists that take half an age to level up, as well as strategic gameplay that is a nightmare to plan around due to the fact that a single mistake can guarantee failure. This game is a pain, and not in an XCOM so-annoying-it's-fun way.4/10Avoid."
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,237990,11737630,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,illequine,Original but unfinished storyline - Overall it was an unsatisfyingly short game.
,Not Recommended,237990,13190550,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Maxiz!,"Such absolute stupidity. A wonderful, near-on brilliant game ruined by a stupid, frustrating end-game boss fight completely void of any skill whatsoever. What a dissapointment."
,Recommended,237990,8720714,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,vanroj,"A perfect blend of text adventure with turn-based strategy, with a great storyline and nice graphics, recommend to buy.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Прекрасная смесь текстовых приключений с пошаговой стратегией, с отличным сюжетом и приятной графикой, рекомендую купить."
76561198005633669,Not Recommended,237990,15789111,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sludig,Game breaking freezes in combat when making an action. (Character wont act. Can still scan/pan camera. Background snow flies. But combat froze.
,Not Recommended,237990,29343767,Posted: 18 January,all,Dz0,"I have to painfully give this game a No. The art style is nice, and the thematics of the game as a result are cool...but that ends any pros.This game is tedious to a large degree. There is little to no strategy in the fights, and even less balancing. Its short as far as playthroughs go, but even then it DRAGS out those hours to a painful degree.The story, seems interesting at first...but thats it. There is no real story played out, no real answers provided, not even any world building or minor lore. You are thrown into this, and given so much flavor text to maps and items...but no real connection or detail to them. Why should i care about a forest with a cool name on a map...when the game never visits it, nor mentions it. The story places you in a world with pretty details from a distance, but no substance when you examine it. Perhaps it is a manner to focus on the ""characters"", hence multiple POVs being used back and forth...but the characters are barely developed, and nothing more than colorful art pieces.The whole gameplay feels mostly like it revolved around the artist wanting to show how beautiful he could make the world, and thus you are forced into Scenery Porn the game for 10-12 hours.This game is full of promise and too many good intentions. So many interesting mechanics, ideas and thoughts...that it just falls squarely flat on its face. Many systems seem pointless, others seem broken, and some just poorly thought out.I really wanted to like this game, and the numerous positive reviews seem to have glossed over so many of its flaws that i felt i needed to be a voice on the other side of this. So you can make your own decision. Dont blindly go into this off the glowing reviews alone, think about what you expected from this game and plan accordingly.Chances are, it will not live up to much of what you want from it, unless what you want is some pretty art to look at.I sincerely hope the second game improves on EVERY aspect of the game here, as it has a interesting foundation and one hopes that could lead to a good game(eventually)."
76561198090098323,Not Recommended,237990,29104813,Posted: 7 January,all,Harvestar,How this game ever received such positive reviews is utterly beyond me. I really really wanted to like this game but was doomed to disappointment. After 12 hours of gameplay I decided this game deserved no more of my time.PROs:- The artwork is wonderful.- Music matches the atmophere.- It's nice that they tried something new (a viking saga intead of traditional orcs & elves).- The combat can be somewhat addictive if you're a person who gets addicted easily.And thats about it. We can next move to how this game tries to destroy everything that makes a game enjoyable:CONs:- The actual storyline is pretty generic.- The game is as linear as a railroad.- Characters have no depth or personality whatsoever. Dialogue with them is limited to few sentences. You really have no reason to care about who lives and who dies.- You're constantly lacking renown (a resource used for basically everything in the game) which makes you unable to level your characters even though they have enough kills to do so.- You're constantly lacking renown to buy any items (which you really can't get by looting either because you only receive items rarely or after extra-prolonged battles)- You're constantly lacking renown to buy supplies to your caravan which leads to them starving to death.- But your caravan starving has absolutely no importance whatsoever.- You can't make any significant decisions. The only somewhat meaningful results your decisions have is some of your characters dying but since they have no personality to begin with it doesn't really matter either way.- Every character has basically one active and one passive skill that get a little bit stronger with leveling up. No skill tree or any actual character developement.- 4 or 5 different types of enemies and repetitive combat.I'd give this game 5/10. If you've got way too much time in your hands feel free to use it on Banner Saga. If you're like me and don't have the luxury of hours and hours of free time each day play something worthwhile instead.
76561197995178029,Recommended,237990,8794387,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sondmon (O>),Like playing an old-school Bioware RPG mixed with battle chess. Thoroughly addictive!
76561198119652039,Recommended,237990,13323269,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,All Terrain Venomoth,This game is pretty good. It has a ton of potential but it never quite delivers on said potential.
,Not Recommended,237990,22850791,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Chaosdragonempror,"I got the game because i'm a big fan of tactical RPG and missed good one on PC, and i was disapointed.While the game have nice music a looks nice it started to feel frustrating after some time and the frustration kept growing. It may be a good game for some but not if you are interested in the tactical aspect.The things i didn't like:-The story jumps at a point and you have to play with an entirely different team before getting back to the first team.-You gain and loose characters based on story not because you played poorly and lost them. It's hard to build a team composition and then loose a key member without a warning.-The supply mechanic is irritating, at the end of the game i started to sacrifice lv ups and items to get more supplies only to get them stolen and have my peaple starve anyway.I felt more like watching a movie that keps asking me to click the play button. Yes you make decisions but you dont have any control. Everytime i invested items and renown to build a charcter I felt more fear tha he will soon leave the team due to some story stuff than satisfaction from empowering my team."
,Recommended,237990,10842918,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,P. of the Family Barnes,"A very good RPG with an interesting plot and good gameplay. Tactics are a must have in this. There are a few glitches, but nothing really major to deal with. The game is full of hard choices, which is something that many RPGs shy away from. Overall, I highly reccomend this game, even if I have not played the multiplayer at all."
76561197970662308,Recommended,237990,10971178,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DJ Phatricks,"Awesome game, get amongst it."
,Recommended,237990,24568951,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Toasty,"When I first saw the Banner Saga: ""Looks like a pretentious kickstarter flashgame got a little big for it's britches. Whatever, it's on sale.""After playing the Banner Saga for several hours: ""IVER! NOOOOOOO!!!! Why God? WHY?""  ""Feed my caravan, or let them starve to level up my squad? hmmm..."" ""Onleiff! Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!""But really though, this game will suck you in faster than you can possibly expect. The artwork is beautiful, the lore is unique, the story is enticingly mysterious, and while the guts of the mechanics seem pretty basic, you'll find yourself getting a lot more invested and involved than you'd expect.If you enjoy RPGs, you shouldn't pass this up."
76561198028631092,Recommended,237990,15794431,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Soldiergeneral,"First take notice of the amount of hours I have played. Realize that some portion of those hours actually was from me banging my head on the keyboad trying to beat the last boss battle during my first playthrough, which was on the hard difficult setting where I limped my way to the ending in the final chapter due to a few ""bad"" choices along with a flawed supplies mechanic that is still manageable for the most part. The battle was so difficult that subsequently in an update through various aspects the bellower was nerfed a bit primarily on lower than hard difficulty, but also characters brought into the final boss battle are no longer injured beforehand. Given this realize that I definitely am aware about the flaws of this game and that this review is based on the updated version having done multiple playthroughs.In short here are the positivies and negatives about the game:Positives: 1. In many ways an ehanced Oregon trail type of game.2. Interesting world environment, plot, characters, and ambiance from music selection3. Combat can be challenging and fun (look up combat gameplay before hand though as this opinion could vary)Negatives: 1. Poor resource mechanic where renown earned from choices and battle is used for both upgrading characters and purchasing supplies to prevent starvation (managable largely except special care should be taken in chapter 2 to avoid buying supplies as much as possible until chapter 4.)2. Oversights such as supplies in Frostvier during chapter 4 automatically being about 3 days worth regardless of what supplies were in chapter 2. Also renown spent and items can be wasted if characters die or leave... you can load though.3. Hard difficulty is unforgiving especially given negative # 1 and certain poor choices so avoid until after first normal playthrough (trust me). Normal difficulty should still be fine for most people and easy should be... well easy.4. This one is not that negative, but can be annoying. You can not save manually it saves automatically over time. There are plenty of places to load though, which I know from... first hand experience.False Top Review Complaints: 1. Choices don't matter/impact the game. 2. The story goes nowhere1. Your choices have a direct consequence on the size of your forces, the difficulty of combat, certain limited character dialogue, what events occur, and whether characters live or die. Obviously as in any RPG choices only matter as much as you asign them. If you don't care about your caravan or the characters in your party then of course they don't matter, but to claim they don't impact the game (or in a way you would like) is ridiculous. There is a difference between choices impacting the game and not being satisfied with what one expects or wants out of a choice's impact. I would agree choice impact regarding camp dialogue is limited and not as deveoped as I like, but it's not game breaking.2. This first banner saga game is soley about surviving the dredge threat. The varl perspective portion of the playthrough, which involves completing a certain objective despite the dredge threat is actually no different. If you make certain dialogue options you realize your actions are actually helping/attempting to end dredge threat albiet indirectly. To complain that the game is about running from the dredge then making a final stand is similar to complaining that the reapers were not eliminated as a threat in Mass Effect 1 or that Oregon trail is about surviving until reaching a certain city. The first game of any trilogy is about setting up the environment and getting gamers to know and bond with characters and the story. It is about concluding a portion of the story, while leaving enough open for there to be more. The bellower isn't some random boss. It is some sort of champion of the dredge that is primarliy a large part of how the dredge are able to win against (almost) any threat. I really don't want to spoil certain story elements about the dredge or the reasons behind what is going on. Just know that there is a lot more than get to point a and fight some boss.Recommendation: Buy this game at a price you find acceptable. If you are used to paying $60 for a game then the $20 price should be fine. For everyone else used to steam prices I am sure this game will be on sale at some point as it was in the past especially during steam summer sale. If the price is $10 anyone should buy it, while $15 or $20 is probably more for RPG fans looking for a good story, with some mechanical game flaws as mentioned, that will only be even better in the sequel."
,Recommended,237990,8745847,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Casual Tea,It will make you feel like a bad leader when you constantly kill people with your poor dialogue choices. REAL PRETTY THO.
,Recommended,237990,10834172,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BBNZ_PowahSerg,"It's like a beautifully crafted, modern Norse interpretation of The Oregon Trail with combat sequences. Amazing art style, engaging lore and all-round interesting."
76561197960890289,Recommended,237990,10681405,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Combat Wombat,"Gorgeous, with a Great story."
76561198025378377,Recommended,237990,10602071,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gwyn,"Visually enchanting game with great quest dilemmas/dialogue. The overall story was also intruiguing, though could have used clarity in parts, such as identifying perspectives and the interweaving of the groups. I don't usually go for games with much fighting, but since it is turn-based once I got proper hang of the mechanics I became addicted to the strategy!"
,Recommended,237990,10650844,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,aegof,"A pretty good game.  Nice art, fun fights, cool setting, and an actually good iteration of the old Choices and Consequences thing a lot of RPGs and the like pretend to have.  Combat could use a bit more terrain variety, and some of the dynamics of combat can be a little wonky, but these weren't major problems for me.Now that you can have multiple saves going, this is a game I'd suggest to anyone who likes this tactical fantasy type game."
76561197963260582,Recommended,237990,8815256,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Machete,AYE YO get this♥♥♥♥♥♥... The Candy Saga
76561197979260961,Not Recommended,237990,9012535,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Ludeman,On rails story with no exploration of the beautiful map.  In combat  if you take hits you do less damage and you are always out numberd.  It has some other strange combat mechanics like your best fighter who is not damaged does 1HP. There is no penalty for letting your caravan people starve and die off.  Looks very cool at first but In the end its boring and Im sorry I bought it.
,Recommended,237990,8804935,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,[VG]Mr. Orange,"Well written with stunningly beautiful art direction, The Banner Saga is a very tightly made and challenging turn based strategy game filled with memorable characters, a great story, and an equally great sound track.  I never thought a game that borrows from Oregon Trail, Lord of the Rings, and Game of Thrones could be this good.  Then again, I never thought anyone would make a fantasy sword and board game where you have to travel from one end of the map to the other without your whole party dying of dysentery and/or holes from swords."
76561198217928361,Recommended,237990,22739842,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Danganese,much game very wow but seriously its a great game with a great art style
,Recommended,237990,10848443,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lathacolo,"It's The Oregon Trail meets Fire Emblem all taking place in the realm of Skyrim; pretty awesome.I have had a lot of fun with this game so far, it takes a lot of the combat and relational directions from the Fire Emblem games (specifically Fire Emblem: Awakening) and it also uses the travel and event styles of The Oregon Trail. All-in-all a pretty fun game that will keep you engrossed for hours. The art style is positively gorgeous with expansive landscapes and well-drawn characters to exist in the arid land."
,Recommended,237990,10408685,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Joe Blast,"Definitely worth a play, if you enjoy tactical RPG style games.The travelling part of the game is sort of like a choose your own adventure book, where your dialogue choices all have unique consequences and outcomes. That part of the game is uniquely interesting.The combat is above average difficulty. Some of your characters will die. It's a lot of fun to try out fifferent strategies, and find the playstyle that works for you.The character customization is very limited, but you do have a choice in how your party progresses in levels. There are basic stat distributions, and you have to really monitor your resources if you want your party to funcition optimally.Short and sweet version of the review; if you don't like tactical RPGs, then it's not for you. If you enjoy a compelling story and some solid tactical elements, then try it out."
,Recommended,237990,8792921,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,emerlinsky,"Highly recommended for all good turn based combat fans, true old school RPG aesthets, Vikings mithology admiers, good story experts and dark fantasy lovers."
,Recommended,237990,10873434,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,xGhilliedupx,"This is probably one of the best games iv have played in years. The art is amazing and store is just as good if not better, it really sucks you in."
,Recommended,237990,10879178,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LanBeard,"Everything about this game is just brilliant, you just can't ask for more. Viking theme, beautiful art and a stunning story.- 9.5/10"
76561197990252803,Recommended,237990,9445771,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,ComicBookGuy,"On a scale of 1 to 10 I would give this game a 6. Would be 8 or 9 if not for all the bugs.Pros: Unique visual style, cool animations. Tactical combat is fun and challenging. Compelling story with interesting characters. Price is reasonable.Cons: Very short; you can finish in a few hours. Lots of minor but annoying bugs. One almost game-breaking bug in the final boss fight. The game has been patched many times since release and the bugs have not been fixed. This is unfinished software, so if you buy it you are paying for the privilege of being a Beta tester.Nevertheless, the game is good fun, so I am recomending it... barely. Just be aware of both the Pros and the Cons. Make an informed choice."
,Recommended,237990,18557220,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Beefy,I really felt that the Banner Saga told a great story and really it really puts you in charge of what happens. There are multiple endings and many decisions that you make along te way.10/10
76561197989129410,Recommended,237990,19448460,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Factor,"This game is a masterpiece.  The story, gameplay, soundtrack, & artwork all combine to make a thrilling and memorable gaming experience that must be played to be understood.  The developers and community contributors deserve great praise for their efforts to produce such an enjoyable game.  The Banner Saga is in my top-5 favorite games of all time.  Bravo."
,Recommended,237990,19693147,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kristoffer,"Excellent story, characters, gameplay and soundtrack.The ♥♥♥♥♥rdly distribution of renown forces you to make tough choices not just in what battles you partake in, but in which characters you promote and what items you buy."
76561198026521700,Recommended,237990,19698578,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Saruman's Buns,This game makes my nuts swell to the size of grapefruits.
,Recommended,237990,19698622,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,rashad,"This game is far from perfect. But its a work of art, seriously if you would argue for video games being used as an art form this game could be one of your strongest examples. The fighting system is fun but needs some work. The animations are beautiful but would be better with a bigger budget. The survial system with your clan could be tweaked but works for makeing you feel stressed during a stressful points of the games story. Your desicions make the story diffrent, trusting people hurts but so does not trusting people. You end up doing things you may of never thought you were capable of. people die in connection to your disicions. I played it twice but I think the mistake that I made in the first game really created the best story."
76561198008398827,Recommended,237990,19706718,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kerrz,"Beautiful, with a compelling story and solid gameplay. Runs okay on Linux after selecting the 'LinuxFix' beta opt-in. I'm looking forward to the sequel. Took about 12 hours to do a regular playthrough."
,Recommended,237990,19714939,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,hoccochick,This game is beautiful and heartbreaking at the same time.  The gameplay was interesting and the characters thought provoking. I love this game and hope that the makers continue their story.
76561198073755634,Recommended,237990,19780469,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,r-cane,One of the best games I have ever played. Because it made me feel with the protagonists every step of the journey.
76561198123662092,Recommended,237990,19815912,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lion-Oh-Day,"A beautiful game but a rather simple RPG. It has a wonderful story, but a rather short one with a big cliff hanger.The game is not worth 20 bucks, but 10 or 5 is totally worth the price."
,Recommended,237990,19819733,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,running for a soft place to fall,"This is a tactical game about minimizing damage by looking at the turn order and weakening the strength bars of whatever will be attacking soon and keeping out of attack range of whatever you can't weaken as much as possible. Even if one side has 15 units and the other has 5, each side alternates moving 1 unit at a time, so you'll find yourself weakening enemies down to very low strength and ignoring them until your finale, because killing them would mean their unweakened units get to attack more frequently. This is strange and even stupid, but the game would be incredibly simple without this extra layer of management.It's a lot more mathematical than similar tactical games such as Advance Wars, Fire Emblem, and King's Bounty. You can often find your turns being mostly wastes because you didn't look forward enough or you overspent your willpower. Most tactical games become puzzle games once you boil away enough intuition. It takes very little boiling for this game to reach puzzle status.The story and choices and dialogue are quite alright but are almost entirely flavor and affect gameplay marginally. It starts out with an ""evil swarming monster apocalypse"" trope, fortunately developing into something much less simple towards the end. The ending brings zero conclusion and sets up the sequel in no different way than any other arc in the game.I can't say this game is on par with any games from the aforementioned franchises. It is okay. I will likely play the sequel for the story someday when it is very cheap and I have enough alcohol to tolerate the gameplay."
76561197992208008,Recommended,237990,20330086,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fenrir,"Fantastic adventure, great fights and intense decisions"
76561198098340296,Recommended,237990,20470786,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,michael_lean12,"The Banner Saga combines a rich and original mythology with an immersive soundtrack and some stunningly animated vistas to create an engaging and heartfelt story of travel across a vast and desolate landscape. The Banner Saga throw mny decisions your way and it s hard to gauge what effect they will have, it can cost the lives of key characters or prove to crush the morale of the people that follow you. The writers have done a wonderful job of ensuring that you care enough about the long-list of characters that you will labour and sweat on key decisions. It is all backed up by a servicable, if not overly complex turn-based combat sytem that throw plenty of different unit types, with different abilities at you that will enable you to face combat situations in whichever way you feel comfortable. I'm looking forward to seeing what they do next with the sequal."
,Recommended,237990,21889828,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,youth,"Great story, great art, great combat.Banner Saga succeeds in delivering an immersive experience, by tying every element of the game into the story. YOu are constantly taking part in the outcome of the story, in a variety of ways, and all of them allow you take your own approach. The many choices, each often leading to a series of other choices each with long-standing repurcussions throughout the game, are interesting and often difficult to choose between. There are no ""do the right thing/do the wrong thing"" decisions to make. Each choice is justified in its own way and you must choose based on how you think a hero or leader should behave; compassionate, cutthroat, logical, sympathetic, analytic, or anything inbetween.Even the combat sequences tie heavily into the story, as each battle may be approached differently, producing different outcomes, and even the way you finish a battle may result in a special event. You can develop each character in a variety of ways, and you must build an efficient and cohesive team in order to get through each treacherous battle. As you jump between different parts of the story, you get a chance to fight with several different teams, each with different styles of fighters that you must quickly learn to use or else suffer immense losses.Banner Saga is a compelling game, showing you that war is exciting and yet miserable, and that while you may be an excellent fighter, you can't always save everyone. There is no perfect ending, no way to complete the story unscathed, you must mitigate your losses and make tough decisions for the betterment of the entire planet. You must engage in difficult battles, using a vast array of unique characters that you must keep alive by rationing your scarce resources carefully. While Banner Saga may sound like more of a chore than an exciting game, its steady pacing and enthralling story will make it very difficult to put down, while its gorgeous art will keep your eyes glued to the screen.I reccomend this to anyone interested in (semi) realistic high-fantasy, challening RTS games, or just a great story. The Difficulty is changeable at any moment throughout the game, so this is accessible for players of all skill levels"
76561198128875492,Recommended,237990,18540800,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Marcat,"I really loved this game. I was legitimately suprised at how addicting this game was. Maybe it was sometime when I was awake at 2 am stressing out over my caravan that I realized how awesome this game was.PROS:-The art style is absolutely gorgeous. Bravo, sir. Bravo.- The music is amazing, too.- The combat is super fun. Tactical turn-based RPG. Awww yeah.- The story was very enjoyable. It really captured the feeling of fighting a losing war and having to make difficult choices. I especially enjoyed the choice and consequences.- The random events are very fun. They range from simple story/exposition to ambushes to anything in between.CONS:- Not enough animation. Perhaps it was a side effect from the amazing art, but I would've loved to see more art for the characters, vary character portraits to convey emotion and more animation for the combat like diagonal attack animations and the like."
,Recommended,237990,16813690,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DREAMS,"This game is like Game of thrones with Lord of the ring but with vikings and giant vikings.10/10 will pay for sequel, one of my goty"
,Recommended,237990,8709681,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CK UNCHAINED,"One of the most engrossing Tac/Strat Rpg's ever!  Think Orgeon Trail meets XCOM (or FF tactics) The Banner Saga features an interesting new twist on Tac/Strat, with tough decision making and unique army/resource management.  You never know when something around the corner will challenge your ragtag party of warriors and misfits.  The story takes many twists and turns, characters die, and heroes will fall.  Careful planning is required before each challenging battle.  The AI is smart, and will challenge you.  Troop manamgement is fun and balanced, and each upgrade feels important into keeping your band of heroes alive.A stunning and gorgeous score from Austin Wintory (Journey, Monaco) accompanies your excellent and challenging adventure throughout this Norse inspired story.  The art direction is abosultey fantastic; a heavy fantasy feel is combined with a unqiue storybook vibe along with Disney style animation.The Banner Saga is truly engrossing.  Hours fly by as you try and last one more day on the road, battles keep you on your toes and the story is very well told and features tough decision after tough decision.  I can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,237990,8708916,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Larsen,Really nice artwork. The fights are fun. The decisions you make that shape the unfolding story is a nice touch. If you are not put of by reading lots of dialog and are into turn-based strategy games I'd highly recommend this one.
76561198006576714,Recommended,237990,8718667,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ludivedo,Amazing game. The art style is something that I have always loved and admired. The story is long and drawn out but it is worth the wait. I would recommend this game to anyone looking to immerse themselves in an amazing beautiful world filled with political strife and deep characters.
,Recommended,237990,8717113,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,hypocritelecteur,This makes me feel like a child again.  Only wish I had the free time to actually play it through!
,Recommended,237990,8721426,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,buttassbooty,Beautiful artwork and a great soundtrack really pull this together.  Combat is almost like a chess match
76561198083899191,Recommended,237990,8719832,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,<TKC> Coldhands,"Above everything, this game is beautiful. It's probably one of the most unique games I ever played in terms of art style. And best of all, its story is not far behind. The weakest link here is probably the strategical combat, and that's not me saying that it's bad, it's just not as amazing as the rest (I'd say the gameplay is on par with most Fire Emblems). The decision-making and management of the welfare of your caravan is another great aspect of this title; every decision is impactful and semmingly small mistakes can escalate and lead to the death of many of your followers. Sometimes, specially in the last fight, the game can be very challenging, and the 'inconclusive' ending (there's a sequel planned) may get some players angry or impatient for the next episode of this saga. I also experienced periodic framerate drops when playing it, but the superb score, scenery and atmosphere rendered it almost unnoticeable. As you can see, I can't help but absurdly reccomend The Banner Saga and try my best to wait patiently for the continuation...."
76561198068471764,Recommended,237990,8720630,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Stali'Maxy,This game is just EPIC !!!!!Wish more content will be added ~Hope the Banner adventure can be endless ~
76561198006670784,Recommended,237990,8719287,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,MisterMaddin,"Great Story,  great Sound and awesome Design. This game is worth every Euro."
,Recommended,237990,8717534,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Shamblow,"Game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ kinda short, about 10 hours the first time through."
,Recommended,237990,8732463,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,UnreemPotato,It is both beautiful and is a well thought out turn based game I highly recommend it :D
76561198009937066,Recommended,237990,8721706,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,jaydog_899,Recommended although very easy to beat and not many choices to make. Extremely fun tho
76561198034558054,Recommended,237990,8717682,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Rickon,"An amazing game, with a beautiful soundtrack and even better artwork. It's the unforgiving combat of Baldur's Gate which meets the immersive and engaging storytelling of the Witcher. This game deserves all the support it can gets and Stoic deserves the change to create their trilogy!"
76561198080653606,Not Recommended,237990,33199429,Posted: 3 July,all,Knight Solaire,"It is simple, shallow and repetitive, much more than it seemed. Not only it is slow, but also all the dialogues are in a font and size so small that they get annoying to read from the start. Buy it on sale and play it with a touchscreen to justify it."
76561198072960673,Recommended,237990,8741358,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,LC Rounder,Great game!
,Recommended,237990,8738056,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rubberbaby,Gorgeous art and addictive gameplay. Every decision has a consequence. A must buy.
76561198109591976,Recommended,237990,31456601,Posted: 29 April,all,Rutenfishy,This game is sehr good
,Recommended,237990,13761857,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Call Me A Hero,"Beautiful art, unique battle system, good soundtrack and confusing story. Worth it full price? No."
,Recommended,237990,31798091,Posted: 16 May,all,Sassy Beard,It's a really great game but it's way too short for the pricetag.
,Not Recommended,237990,21352686,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: The Banner Saga. Great Visuals Crippled By A Poor Combat System.Genre: Tactical RPG Turn Based Grid Combat & Survival Game.Developed & Published by: Stoic & Versus EvilPlatform: Windows, Mac and Linux.Business Model: Single PurchaseCopy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadePreambleThese are my thoughts of The Banner Saga after four hours of play. If that amount of time is unacceptable to you, I suggest that you quit reading this review. So, why am I doing the Banner Saga after such a short amount of play? Well, I’ve had a lot of time to think on it. To analyze why this game failed to pull me with its story, mechanics and overall presentation. It’s pretty rare that I’ll keep thinking about a game I quit early on for as long as I have. So when that happens, I write a review. So, let’s dig into The Banner Saga and talk about the issues I had with it.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsThe Banner Saga is a combination of turn-based grid combat and Oregon Trail mechanics tied into a narratively driven campaign. This campaign follows the journey of two clans as they struggle against an unrelenting foe called the Dredge. The player is tasked with keeping these clans alive as best they can, manage their limited resources and survive. The game is split into three phases: conversing, traveling and combat. Conversations happen when the caravan has stopped at a town or some other special event happens. The player reads the lines and decides what to do next. The conversation system is ok. You do get up to four options to how you respond to decisions or particular situations and sometimes that fourth option isn’t always being silent. When traveling, your caravan in the center of the screen travels slowly to their destination consuming the supplies it has. There’s also a morale indicator to show whether everyone is in high spirits or not. This is affected by your decisions and how you fare in battle. Though I never found out if having low morale was bad but I’m assuming it is. The combat has two phases. The war phase that’s only triggered when fighting large amounts of Dredge and let’s you decide whether to be aggressive, retreat or something in-between. It’s very simple and is pretty much decided by numbers and how you fare in the turn based area. Otherwise, it’s the turn based combat that you’ll spend most of your time. It's held on large grids where your heroes battle it out against often outnumbering foes. There’s a bunch of stats that affect each hero and how they’ll perform but explaining them seems a little pointless when the game tells you straight out. I have a lot of issues with how the combat system in this game works so let’s examine it for a bit.Turn-Based Combat ExaminationThere’s a lot about the combat system that I do not understand from a design point. I don’t understand why there’s both a health and armor system for all characters. I don’t get why health is tied to power. Why are most of the enemies ranged while most of your heroes are melee? Why do they get so many turns to hit you while you get very few yourself? Why do those same archers have armor as well? Why on earth do AOE attacks also hurt your own guys if they’re in range? I had a lot of these questions while I was playing TBS and I’m pretty sure I forgot some of them. This game seems to be encouraging you to level all of your heroes but then it limits them with both a point system that you have to spend between all of them and requiring each hero to land a certain amount of killing blows. So even if they got the required amount of kills they need to level up, they still might not be able to level up because you had to spend all the points on another more important hero. So, some characters are forever doomed to stay low level and be utterly useless for the rest of the game.It doesn’t help that heroes will come in and out of the story (or get killed) leaving you without their capabilities. Additionally, there’s an obvious lack of synergy between the heroes. So, they become extremely interchangeable and uninteresting as a result. I found that the longer I played, the more the game just mostly devolves into giant (geddit?) attrition grinds where I watch my heroes get shot again and again and again by so many archers while they slowly move across the grid. With me hoping and praying they’ll survive just a little bit longer. Up until they don’t and the whole battle is completely over because they knocked out your two most powerful heroes. That’s pretty much the entire reason I quit.While I was playing, I had this constant sense of “is this all that this combat system is? Am I really not missing anything?”. I figured out after four hours that I wasn’t missing anything. It’s just a poor combat system with an uninteresting traveling system. But what about the story? Well, that’s where my personal preference is going to take over for a bit.Narrative DiscussionThe game starts the player out joining a group of Varl, a race of giants, at the end of their journey collecting taxes or gifts for some king. However, the place they’re arrived at is under siege by some enemy force. Who you quickly kill and then move on. Then there’s another plot with a Human father and daughter that discover that an evil force is invading their lands on the other side of the continent. This evil force of “Dredge” is now invading the country in full force. Who I’m supposed to be worried about, I think, except that I keep destroying them into the ground every time I meet up with them. Of course, a lot of their fear is implied through the story but they’re given very little build up so I found myself unable to care about them as a threat. Really, I thought this game would be fine just surviving the wilderness. Adding what appear to be magical zombies isn’t that interesting. So, these two parties flee from the Dredge in a desperate bid to find shelter further inland and the player must use their wits to help them survive.The pacing of this title is all over the place. You’re introduced to new characters with very little fanfare or explanation about them. And just as soon as I got even a little bit attached to them, they’d get killed off. Or we’d switch gears to the other group of people on the other side of the world.Final ThoughtsThe Banner Saga feels like a game that doesn’t push it’s mechanics far enough or tries to be something different when it really should have stuck with established norms. It’s a game that was clearly created with a universe and visuals in mind but the rest of it feels incomplete or rushed. Both the combat and the traveling are shallow experiences desperately trying to tie themselves together but almost at odds with each other. The combat is perhaps the biggest sticking point for me. There’s conflicting design which leads to an overall really boring and tiring experience. The artistry of the animated graphics is certainly top notch. It invokes the classic animated style of yesteryear exceptionally well while remaining modern. But that’s clearly where all the effort went. The rest of this game feels like a giant step backwards for its genre. Add on a universe and cast of characters that I didn’t really respond with and I find myself unable to recommend The Banner Saga.Read the full review on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,237990,13868097,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Puzzlebox,"The Banner Saga is a turn-based...fantasy battle game? I'm not sure how exactly I'd label it. But the art is beautiful. Do you remember Dragon's Lair? One of the video games animated by Don Bluth? Or how about some of the movies he did: The Secret of NIMH, An American Tail, The Land Before Time, All Dogs Go to Heaven, Anastasia? This game's art reminds me of him and his work. And I mean the entire game looks like this, not just title cards or animations. It's amazing that they even made the battle sprites look like this.As a whole, the game is a bit of a weird Oregon Trail meets high fantasy, with trying to keep your caravan alive between plot points. There are events along the way that you have to make choices on, either to you benefit or your detriment. I thought these were randomized but it turns out they're not so I'm a little disappointed in that regard.On the battle side of things, I don't think The Banner Saga will win awards for innovation. However, it's simple and it works. I only wish there were some way to train characters since the number of battles you have in a game seems to be capped at a certain number. By this I mean battles only arise out of event opportunities, so there isn't any real way to grind and whatnot to reach higher levels. Regardless, I think characters are hard capped at level 5 anyway.The story seems interesting and I am looking forward to what's in store for the future."
,Recommended,237990,32828087,Posted: 26 June,all,ganon,"Looks like a gem but it's not. Worth playing for sure, however dont get your hopes up trying to step out of the puddle they call a combat system. Don't bother unless you have a boner for turn based games."
76561198014467729,Recommended,237990,8711430,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,decathegriffin,"Well put together for an indie game. I wish the in game dialog was voiced, seems to be within reason."
76561197977649322,Recommended,237990,8725141,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Echoic,It's far better than most of the recent garbage on Steam.
76561197961480708,Recommended,237990,8710260,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ecllection,Think Final Fantasy Tactics + Oregon Trail - Dysentery wrapped up in slick art and animation and you've a pretty good idea of what's in store for you in Banner Saga.
76561198063683430,Recommended,237990,25354501,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,bquigs13,easily one of the best tacticaL RPGS on the market. amazing art style as well as soundtrack. dont miss this one
,Recommended,237990,29280116,Posted: 15 January,all,Agent_137,"Do you enjoy gorgeous traditional animation, epic classical music scores, new approaches to tactical combat, and/or making hard decisions that cost virtual lives? Yes? Then you'll love this game.One play-through took me 30 hours on Normal and I'm already planning another play-through so I can end with less virtual blood on my hands. Avoid reading walkthroughs about this game! A large part of the emotional impact, challenge and replayability is based on the decisions you make.If you're used to turn-based combat games, be warned Banner Saga's approach is unique and will take some practice at first. You set the battle order of your pieces, move/attack with your first piece, the opponent does the same, then you move/attack with your 2nd piece, and so on. This forces you to plan a few turns ahead in combat and carefully spread your attackts to lower the enemies' strengths faster than they lower yours. It's challenging at first, but you'll often have access to training grounds to practice with nothing at stake.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,237990,31997746,Posted: 27 May,all,Helevorn,"This game is really astonishing!It's like a visual novel, with gameplay taken from the best tactics/strategy games ever! From the Final Fantasy Tactics series to the Flash masterpieces such as World's End!The story is quite linear, but you have to make several decisions between the battles and the gameplay is smooth, fast and easy to learn!I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves tactical games!"
76561198029411199,Not Recommended,237990,8768445,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,whyhowwhich,"This game is very poor. It is a linear procession of tactical turn based battles which have very little variety. There are very few choices to be made throughout the game and the consequences are trivial. The game moves very slowly through animations of caravan crawling through the landscape. There is hardly any management for the caravan except buying supplies and there are lengthy, unvoiced, character dialogues.I cannot believe the reviews this game has received and the £18.99 i spent on it was a total waste. The game is over in less than 24 hours and ends most unsatifactorily. It is a very poor game of little content and I have to describe it as an utter rip-off."
76561197978413187,Recommended,237990,10992084,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sphericalbox,beautiful arts abound
,Recommended,237990,8708750,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bando,Fantastic sofar good simple turn based combat and beautiful visuals.
,Recommended,237990,10067719,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,The Spice Must Flow,GOTY of the year.
,Recommended,237990,13751340,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Not as good as it could've been, not as bad as CoD."
76561197995424984,Recommended,237990,28176318,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lone Gunman,"Well written, engaging story. It wasn't what I expected but in a good way. Definitely recommended.It was annoying how frequently bad things happened to your group, and how it seemed like everyone and everything is bad, but that's a common problem in games and stories these days. You can know someone is a bad guy but if you do anything about it you're the bad guy, so you just have to wait and get smacked around later."
,Recommended,237990,30604839,Posted: 18 March,all,J Dough,Awesome grid-based strategy game.
,Recommended,237990,30629534,Posted: 19 March,all,wideawake42,One of the best games I've ever played. An incredible emotional experience.
76561198007699066,Not Recommended,237990,29533119,Posted: 27 January,all,ReDwRaTh,"The game is short and I mean very short. You have to use renown to level up and everything else, but you never get squat for renown. It's nothing more than a comic book period."
,Not Recommended,237990,30005114,Posted: 18 February,all,Pyromancer,"Great setting, but monotone story punctuated by rounds of boring and unintuitive combat."
76561198071230742,Recommended,237990,32663863,Posted: 22 June,all,Bilbo Baggins,"This is an experience that reminds me a lot of Oregan Trail, but has a great story, engaging strategy, and awesome artwork.  Get ready for some emotional gut-punches and an abrupt ending though.  Fortunately there is a sequel.  Decibel Level: 8/10"
,Recommended,237990,32493111,Posted: 16 June,all,PseudoJuju,"If you love games that play like a choose your own adventure, I'd definitely recommend this one."
76561198082134101,Recommended,237990,32604261,Posted: 20 June,all,ometreis,This game is beautiful!  The music and art are breathtaking.  I admit to crying at the end.You get to make several choices over the course of the game that affect how it plays out.  Combat is fun and turn-based and there are several different characters to choose from to add to your team.  I'm excited to play the sequel.
,Recommended,237990,22135637,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Click Stick,"The story and music blew me away. I heard good things about this game before, now that I've played it I understand why. I was hooked on it from start to finish.Nice challange all around for resource management and the battle itself, and choices you make. They have consequences in this game.With that said the 3 things that stood out the most for me for The Banner Saga is the Story, the art, and the music. A Masterpiece, well done.Highly recommended if you love SRPG, A nice mixture of 13th warrior, Vikings, Lord of the Rings.Updating this review for the nominations, this game is on my nomiation list for steam awards. Great Game."
,Not Recommended,237990,8741364,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,cANe,"Lack of deeper combat system, interesting enemies, character advancement and a short and lackluster among other things makes it impossible for me to recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,237990,14950890,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hiro,"This is a very stylish game and it's easy to learn. However, at the tougher difficulty settings, it's challenging and rough. The one thing that I didn't like is that the game claims that my choices in the story matter, but honestly, they don't. The storyline is very strict and linear. Hopefully, the sequels will be better when it comes to this facet of the game."
,Recommended,237990,8908281,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,The 3 Kingdoms,"Didnt get far cuz I needed to go to bed, but from what I saw and played. This game is pretty good. You make decisions and manage alot of differ warriors and try not to try and get them killed. You can be anything you want in this game good or evil to differ people. Your choices make the game your way.. Truely an unique game and time waster.. I vote for an Must Buy!!!!"
,Recommended,237990,9316328,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,-- scippie --,"Although this is a great game, I am a little bit disapointed. I love the tactical part of this game and although I enjoyed the story and how it was told, there was too much reading (and I usually don't mind a good text adventure) and way too little tactical combat.I preferred the free ""The Banner Saga: Factions"" because of this, but I disliked that one because it is only online/multiplayer.I think what I miss in this game is a Factions-like, but single player experience.I don't think I will be buying part 2 & 3 (except maybe on big sale)Still, it's a good game, if you like a good story and are into the tactics, you should try it!"
,Recommended,237990,30992886,Posted: 7 April,all,leszke,"A game with ""north"" climate. The World where are no ""good"" decisions. The player needs to survive and choose priorities. From one side the game is very calm, but from another, the action is moving forward quick, so there is no time to boring."
,Recommended,237990,19256717,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[TTC] Izaya Orihara [GER],"The Banner Saga is a really really enjoyable Game.You´re in charge of managing a Caravan of Refugees in a World where the gods are dead and hope is hard to be found.While trying to survive you are constantly faced with choices of which neither seem to be a ""right"" or ""good"" one, and the story develops depending on how you choose.Speaking of the Story, it is well told and keeps you engaged until the end, but I don´t want to spoil anything more than I already have, it is an experience you have to make for yourself.On your travels you often have to fight, which is presented in an turn based RTS Manner. It reminded me of the ""Fire Emblem"" Series on the first glance, but it actually works quite different, but after some getting used to I found myself enjoying the Combat.Overall I highly recommend this game to everyone that enjoys good Stories in Games and/or likes Turnbased Strategy games."
,Recommended,237990,19312959,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,elderz,"Beautiful soundtrack. Excellent art style. Gameplay can feel repetative at times, but it's not a super long game so that's not really a problem. The story is depressing (in a good way if that makes sense), but fun to follow. It's currently on sale for $5 and I can't see how you could turn it down for that price (worth the regular $20 imo)."
76561198052718688,Recommended,237990,19321740,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Darklord_bg,"Tactical RPGs are some of my favorite games and this one did not disappoint.It had some unique battle mechanics such as the ability to break the opponent's armor, and the unit's strength serving as both HP and damage (so units who are hurt will deal less damage). Also turns always alternate between you and the enemy even if you have more troops than him and visa versa. This called for some unconventional strategies such as leaving certain opponents crippled rather than dead.There is an economic element to the game where you have to spend renown (experience) to develop your characters, buy stats-increasing items and buy supplies for your caravan. Balancing between those three actions was quite challenging and interesting to do.The story is reminiscent of the old Viking sagas (even the word Saga comes from the old Viking heroic tales) with tales of great heroism among a bleak and severe environment. It's you and your small party against an unforgiving world and bad things happen to you. Yet, there is great beauty and nobility in the actions of the characters who remain hopeful and honorable despite great adversity.The graphics are gorgeous and the soundtrack complements the feel of the game quite nicely.Overall this is a very solid, entertaining and engaging title. Looking forward to part 2!"
76561197995698302,Recommended,237990,19329014,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Woolve!,"Picked this up super cheap in a sale and didnt expect too much from it.VERY pleasantly suprised by this game and had I played a demo earlier I would have happily payed full price for it.It's very well written and  immersive, with an excellent score.Combat is tactical and charecters can progress and develop, in a similar vein to X-com."
,Recommended,237990,8721119,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jinsaku,"A couple of people have already asked me my initial impressions.. this game really isn't for me. While I love the animation and art style, the tactical gameplay for me has been a bit boring. The RPG system looks pretty light. Sure, you can build a party, but when the culmination of tactical party RPGs is Final Fantasy Tactics, and I *loathe* that game, I feel I'm not the target audience and should have read a bit more about this game before buying it. I've found the story so far somewhat forgettable (would have been a lot more enjoyable for me with full voice.. voice is sorely lacking).. or, honestly, even subtitles for the parts with voice.This is one of those few games that I can admit is very likely a very good game. It's just not a game for me. It's unfair of me to not recommend it, but I feel people who like this genre of game will enjoy the hell out of it."
76561198090910713,Recommended,237990,8985606,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Logos,"This immersive, story-driven strategy game will take you into the winter frostlands of kings and vikings. Beautifully crafted character animations and backgrounds make this game a moving work of art.The Banner Saga plays like a standard tactical strategy game, with tile squares and a good variety units with unique abilities. Your goal is to utilize your characters in the most effective way in combat to reduce casualties and ensure the longetivity of your clan.Morever, the game comes with a unique consequence system that obligates you to apply yourself to being a true leader of a fragile alliance between Varls (vikings) and humans, in the onslaught of incoming evil. However, it should be added, there are plenty of possibilities where you can evade those duties. These sequences brought out the most dramatic, seat-gripping suspense that will make The Banner Saga a rememberal experience.The only short coming to this game is that the storyline was too intriguing, and therefore when the story cut short, with much of the legacy untold, I was left dissapointed and wanting more. However, this is a similar feeling to most good games I have played, so this does not make The Banner Saga any less of a good experience.I hope you enjoy."
76561198045652508,Recommended,237990,33252872,Posted: 4 July,all,PeyoteCoyote,"It's good for a day or so, but gets boring. Battles are meh. Story is okay. Decisions matter."
,Recommended,237990,9275550,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dymhsa,"Brilliant. A refreshing dose of 'choices matter' in an age of gaming that offers everything but, even if it says so on the box.You're not a legend or a hero. You the sun has been stuck in the sky for days on end, without explanation. You lead your small village away on a quest for safety, chased by an inhuman foe that can not or will not be reasoned with. You wonder whether what few resources you have should go towards: Equipment, upgrades, food, all seem equally important and each more scarce with each passing day. Who do you trust? Safety in numbers is well and good, until one of those numbers decides your skull would look better with an axe through the back. And even those you can trust will always squabble amongst themselves, complaints and greivances becomming more common than sand on the beach. Then the ambush happens. All the while you try to keep your caravan together, hoping that behind each turn will be salvation, answers, or at least a brief respite from the harshness of the end of the world.This game is as much about the story as it is the gameplay, and it does deliver on that with the help of a beautiful art style and soundtrack. Though the gameplay is still there, and every bit as unforgiving as the tale it's tied to. Taking fairly simple isometric turn-based strategy and adding a system of armor/armor damaging, and willpower which units can spend in combat on more damage/movement/abilities. The turn system is a little odd and might take some adjusting, but by the 3rd chapter I managed to settle in to it. I believe there is a free game called Banner Saga Factions that one can check out to get a feel for the combat.The only real disappointment I had was how abruptly the game ended. There were also two points in the game where I was shoe-horned into making a certain decision in order to progress, but in truth there is only one point in the game where you are presented with the illusion of choice. The final fight is also insanely difficult if you aren't prepared or don't have characters with certain capabilities ready to kick♥♥♥♥♥ The final boss is a right♥♥♥♥♥♥ but considering what he is he should be anyway. Be prepared to fight him about ten times before reluctantly turning the difficulty down to easy and kick him in the nuts.In closing I will say that this is the only game that has presented me with a choice and forced me to get up and do something else while thinking it through. If you're the type that likes to get attached to characters and immerse yourself in the story of a game and love(or at least can put up with) a somewhat difficult bunch of battles this is definitely for you."
76561198069719802,Recommended,237990,21926165,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Demonfish996,"It's always sunny in Boersgard. In this episode, the gang kills the gods"
76561198025610206,Recommended,237990,21306768,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,UrbanizedSpy,"Great game. Interesting story, impactful choices, and beautiful art."
76561198171088395,Recommended,237990,20903511,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Anatheme,"I'm not partial, from the first moment i loved the graphics and music just as much as the univers and the story. a couple of friends showed me some obvious design flaws that i totally avoided (out of luck in my choices) during my own playthrough, so i'm still overly positive but i understand that it's really more a game of atmosphere/story than really something you go to for the gameplay and this first installement has in fact very little replay value because once you realise what are the good choices, well... there's no real point in wanting to try the lesser ones."
76561198057938462,Recommended,237990,21610362,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,GrandMeisterbaitor™,"January of 2014 banner saga came out and i rushed to pirate download it.Played it to the end .Some time later i bought it and a few seconds ago i finished it again for a second time with a diferent ending.BOTH of those times i had chills on my spine and i felt amazed by the beautiful art and the so wonderfull composed music that created one of the most mesmerizing games i have ever played. Not many games have left me with that feeling. The feeling u have after watching/playing/listening to a masterpiece .It wasnt just a game it was an art in all of its aspect, story, gamelay, sound. AN experience u must not lose and worth ur time invested in it bonding with characters losing them saving other.Almost as good as real life.U can always find negatives such as the use of some spells seems vastly inferiors 2 other or characters that are complety blanc but u cant deny the fact that this game will be a classic game and one to rembember for a long time"
76561198027185147,Recommended,237990,22310093,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Aerthos,"Such an amazingly well done game. The story is riveting and gets you invested in characters, and the combat is simple and unique while maintaining a strong element of challenge. I cannot recommend this game enough for those looking for a strong strategy game or those looking for a great story-driven game."
,Recommended,237990,18579730,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Snus,"A great game, but the final battle is completely unbalanced. Basically, it all depends on the turn order of your and enemy characters. And it takes a lot of time to get it right by selecting different characters for the battle. Frankly, the game itself is not so easy (even on normal), but the difficulty spike in the end is really frustrating."
,Recommended,237990,21922755,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Passthegrenadeplease,"I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game that much but I was surprised how great it turned out to be: remarkable art style, engaging story with interesting cast of diverse characters, fun strategic gameplay, and impressive soundtrack. Just a reminder that playing on normal can be quite difficult, taking turns for each character can be crucial to winning otherwise be prepared for an early grave. Did I mention the game looks stunning? Because it looks stupendous."
76561197972438513,Recommended,237990,20591030,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TheHumanBrian,"Beautiful art, excellent dialogue, fun tactical gameplay, and choices that actually make a difference. The only problem this game might have is too much camping. Because this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets... *puts on sungalsses* intense."
76561197992003047,Recommended,237990,20253947,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,VojtCZech,"I preordered it while back, because the art style just amazed me and I enjoyed the game until the very end. But  I decided to wait with a review after my second playtrough. Now it comes few years later... Choices DO have consequences. Some minor, some huge - for good or for bad. My second playtrough was very different and in the end a lot of characters which died on my first playtrough survived and few who survived the first time died. It surprised me kindly, that the choices are not just illusions and I'm exited to see how they handle them in the secon installment.For the other parts of the game - as I mentioned before - the art style is just beautiful. The amazement from it never gets old. Combat is challenging with steep learning curve, but when you master it's principles, it's really fun to create strategies and it can be really intense.Overall, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,237990,20515501,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Calonyr11,"Very good. Game play is a comfy mix of unique and familiar, the story is pretty good, and the art great."
,Recommended,237990,18993597,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,E!,The Banner Saga is a fascinating visual novel from a forgotten era of videogaming. Heartwarming storyline is a fabulous trip to Norse mythology. Original and well-designed combat system will pleasure tactical RPG fans. Player's actions and choices directly affects one's journey. You will definatly feel uneven about this Game.
,Recommended,237990,20539450,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Drainyard,"I kept hearing about this game in 2015, but never got around to playing it. It turned out to be one of my forgotten gems of 2015, and is definitely worth the 10'ish hour invenstment it takes to complete!"
76561198031332721,Recommended,237990,19271298,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cadith,"What a stunning game.I regularly ask my friends if they've played this, since it's so good. The atmosphere is intoxicating. The harsh winter and the encroaching darkness does weigh on you while you play. I found the characters to be interesting, the setting to be wonderful and I took the time to read any and all lore the game presented to me. The game, at least in my opinion, does invoke a feeling of loneliness. Can't wait for the sequel!8/10"
76561198107422983,Recommended,237990,20272503,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lons O))),"Let me start off by saying that I hate the combat system. I'm not a fan of turn based fights to start with, but its biggest flaw resides behind the health = attack strenght mekanism, which incourages you to weaken enemies instead of killing them, but...But.Oh man.I loved this game. The storyline, the characters and the beautiful visual style made me come back on it every night regularly, and gave me the great feelings that only reading a good book can give."
76561198003784171,Not Recommended,237990,8892272,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Malcom13,"Only played a little bit. Game is linear with little decision making. Really just a story. Not a very exciting or easy to understand one either. Different and creative background. But even sold 'on sale,' (with heavy heart) NOT worth having in my library. I am sorry to give any game a bad reveiw, since it's an artists attempt to provide enjoyment to others. Please accept my criticisms with the respect that is due to anyone who tries to make something enjoyable in this world; but this game fails to provide worthy enjoyment for my earned monies or do enough to prep public for what exactly we're to get before purchase. The 'choices,' player is provided with are basic and inconsequntial despite game's claims. But I will admit that I only played a limited amount. Have lost interest and money."
,Not Recommended,237990,26254102,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,babiblack,"Good points: great visuals, rich in details; good history, well explained, makes you entertain; good music and sounds, makes you relax and get into the viking scenario; choices matter, and sometimes you really regreat them, so you have to choose wisely; the whole estrategy based on a battle group, including no combatents, so you have to think about resting, food, how well do you spend your ""money"". Bad points: a battle where you have no numerical advantage at all, because you and the enemy always alternate turns; you can't attack and move after; too many characters makes you forget which one does what. So if you think about a game just to enjoy the design, music and the camp experience, go for it. If the battle part matters, run always. The RPG part is very important to me, so I'm giving a negative review. 5/10"
76561197963530552,Not Recommended,237990,16586270,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Martencourt: 100% Stannis,"Reading dry text, followed by watching cutscene of army marching with nothing happening.  More boring text, more cutscenes with characters with lips that don't even move.  Boring combat with unexciting sounds and boring visual effects.  Worst purchase in a while.  Proffesional reviewers need to be more honest."
76561198063557529,Recommended,237990,32753872,Posted: 24 June,all,sdc_1483,I like the story quite a bit.
,Recommended,237990,33141238,Posted: 2 July,all,hmcshuron,"If you like Norse mythology and compelling stories in which your choices matter, this game is for you."
76561198071525780,Recommended,237990,11967262,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,joyofwar,"This game is a remarkable creation. If any of you has played Icewind Dale when it came out: it evokes the same cold, hostile, stoic world, with giants, heroes and indomitable foes. I remember playing Icewind Dale as a kid, in wonder and I am thankful for The Banner Saga and its mythos. It portrays a rich new world beautifully. Can't wait for the next one."
,Recommended,237990,15075329,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Najo,GG
76561198006833282,Recommended,237990,12059412,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Wildling Beard,Only people who kick puppies don't like this game. You don't kick puppies do you? Do you? 9/10.
,Recommended,237990,22437212,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,sahjot,Vince est tannant ciboire
,Recommended,237990,21133995,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,LifeSucks,"Good game, 9/10+ Disney-like graphics+ interesting world+ good story (waiting for TBS2! hype hype)+ great map+ turn-based combat, similat to HoMM but entirely different+ choices really matter+ nice atmosphere of constant danger+ nice animations during combat- caravan management is hard as ♥♥♥♥- the road is almost linear, you travel only a small part of the map- too shortThis is a nice game which I liked a lot. Game is easy and provides a relaxing entretainemet. Only the last battle is extremely hard and stands out from the rest of the game. I've played it twice and for me, two gameplays were similar (maybe that's my choices fault). On the other hand, can become very tedious at times. If you wanna try something different from rpgs, platforms, fps/tpp, that focuses mainly on the story, simply buy the game. But take into account that it is almost a only-a-story game and could be easily made into an animated film."
76561198065205347,Recommended,237990,17248512,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,LangbeinTiger,Vognir is deadI'm used to cry at this point.
,Recommended,237990,20835543,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rozzy,This is the gold standard for indie games.
76561197979066856,Recommended,237990,10566727,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr Isaac H. E.  Elliott Esq.,Seriously atmospheric game. Good way of meeting my Viking fix!
76561198025432297,Recommended,237990,32818419,Posted: 26 June,all,Schackrattan,"Simple gamplay but a nice story. Buy it if it's on sale, think hard about buying it even if it's not."
76561198141085871,Recommended,237990,32795880,Posted: 25 June,all,Lo ello,"I just beat this game, and I think I really enjoyed it. I normally don't play this kind of rpg, but I found The Banner Saga pretty absorbing. I liked most of the art, the characters, the atmosphere, the combat and the choices you could make. However, the UI had some problems, some animations went on too long, and I felt like the ending was a bit abrupt. Luckily, there is a sequel, which I can't wait to play to continue the story."
76561198016708714,Recommended,237990,26359336,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bambula,"This game know exatly how to ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥at the worst possible moment.10/10 would lean forward again to pick up the soap, what could go wrong, oh wait."
76561198033297534,Not Recommended,237990,8982282,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,jeno,"I really tried to like this game, but after its short lifespan (takes like a day to finish) I can't help being dissappointed. Things I enjoyed: Pretty much everything there is to see or hear. The graphics, music, the few parts of spoken dialogue. Story was also - if not great - at least good enough to be enjoyable.Now to cover the bad stuff: In a sad way this game represents one of the aspects that annoy me the most in modern day games. Games are investing heavily in cinematic storytelling, forcefeeding cutscenes and keeping the player in a tight leash from one scripted event to the next. After all of this is peeled off the actual gameplay is really shallow.So what kind of gaming content did the Banner Saga have? The game consists of two elements. Screens with text in them and turn based combat. As a method of driving the story the text worked well enough for me, however every now and then there's the occasional decision making. The decisions themselves are intresting and fine but every single time you're left to pick your choice based on gut instinct alone. If there's background information its one or two lines of text with little information value.  You can't see anyones facial expressions when they talk, you can't observe them outside of your encounter or anything. All you have is a short descrption like ""this guy looks at you funny and has a red shirt"", then you have to decide if he is to be trusted or not, or the game telling you ""situation is bad"", but you can't make your own judgement how bad exactly, like, say, in an rts game. So the first of the two elements of the game is just picking a choice pretty much randomly.The other element, combat wasn't enjoyable for me either. You have two different attacks and the game has but a handful of special abilities. The initiative system that forces you to weaken enemies evenly before wiping them out instead of quickly eliminating enemy combatants and reducing their numbers feels really counter intuitive and ""wrong"". Some people argued that this keeps the battle exciting longer instead of snowballing to your or the enemys advantage after good or bad first few turns. For me this initiative system really didn't change anything in this regard. Excitement comes from uncertainty of outcome and outcome is just as clear after first few rounds with this system as with a regular one where you aim to burst down individual fighters quickly. If I want turn based fantasy combat on a square grid I'll pick Heroes 6 over this game any day.So to sum it up: Nice art and story with a really poor gameplay core. I have enjoyed some of these ""playable novel"" -types of games that get by with the sheer quality of their art and storytelling alone while having boring gameplay beneath. Prime example would perhaps be Planescape torment and compared to that masterpiece this game is way out of league. In hindsight I would've considered this game worth 5-10 euros so wait till it comes out at discount price."
,Recommended,237990,25503432,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,peace was not an option,"I don't like strategies, but I love Austin's music. And he won't make music for something boring. It was nice experience: the style, the story, the design (style again) - this is beautiful and not tiring. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with final battle, because I wasn't investing in my fellow fighters enough. Gonna start from the beginning."
76561198138295259,Recommended,237990,25303931,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Northwatch,"This is an awesome game with a unique world, beautiful visiuals and music as well as a meaningful story that you get it shape yourself. You do spend like half of the game reading which if you don't like reading then maybe you wouldn't like this game, but since you bothered to read this comment then you can't hate it that much. Honestly I didn't expect much from this game I just got it on a sale, but i would of paid full-price if I had known it would be this good."
,Recommended,237990,25453716,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,podsaurus,"A beautiful game aesthetically, interesting world and characters as well. I like the turn based combat, so have to be careful who you move where and think about where enemies might move on their turn. Highly recommend it, loved it!"
76561198007197608,Recommended,237990,22856572,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[S]almon,"Game of Thrones meets Oregon Trail.In the short amount of time it takes you to play through this game (my hours are inflated due to leaving the game on pause) you’ll grow attached to many of the characters and be crushed when they’re maimed or die. The Banner Saga’s art is very well done, it reminded me a little bit of the Asterix comics I would read as a kid, and the storyline is solid.I don’t mind the degree of randomness inherent in this game - you are after all playing as a group of refugees fleeing for survival - but the combat is a real drawback. It’s supposed to be turn-based strategy, but even after beating the game on normal I only vaguely understand how you're meant to play. Not that it seems to matter that much. The one time I lost a battle my party kept marching along regardless.The Banner Saga is definitely worth playing, just buy it on sale, it’s not quite worth the $20 asking price."
76561197992229015,Recommended,237990,28838148,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dire,"If I'd ever rate a game positively it would be Banner Sage, a clear 9/10 in my opinion.Banner Saga is a mix of interactive story telling, a bit of micro management and turn based strategic combat.A large portion of the game you will be following your caravan around as it tries to escape from the faceless evil named Dredge. These enemies are really unsettling in a way, but to tell you more would be a spoiler for the game. While trying to survive you're going from town to town and will experience events on a regular basis. These sometimes change depending on your previous decisions, but for the most part they are isolated and scripted cases, meaning you will pretty much always encounter the same events in every playthrough, but the decisions you make can and will change the story. You will have to watch for supplies and morale while on the road as well as your actual people. Supplies can be bought for renown, which is earned in events and battles. When your supplies run out, morale is dropping and your people are starving. Morale itself determines how strong your heroes are in battle (stat boost willpower). And if your people keep dying, well I never found out, but maybe there IS a game over? In any case, losing too many fighters to starvation will mean you will lose even more in the big battles in which your ""army"" has to fight. To be honest though at least on easy and normal difficulty this doesn't really matter all that much. I wish there was a greater emphasis on managing morale and your army.The other half of the game is spent in tactical, turn based battles, in which you control up to 6 heroes. You can choose who to take into battle and who to leave behind. If one of your heroes falls, he gets injured, which may knock him out for the coming battle, but none of your guys or girls can actually ""die"" in combat, only through events, which is a good thing, since you can't save in Banner Saga. What happens is there to stay.Your units have 2 main combat stats: armor and strength. If armor is a lot higher than strength, strength attacks can be deflected. Strength on the other hand represents the direct damage your units can do, so you need to strike a balance between armor and strength attacks. Usually it is best to start with a str. attack to stop the enemy from damaging you too greatly, but depending on the enemy you may need to then wittle down his armor. However, your heroes can only destroy a maximum of 3 armor (if you've skilled it) per turn. If you did not invest in armor break you're screwed in the later stages of the game. You can use another stat, will power, to increase any damage (or movement) you made. What is annoying is that you can only move your hero ONCE, even if he has movement points remaining. Especially with special attacks (each hero has a unique special and passive ability) you don't always know the exact range.Generally speaking I would say that combat is perhaps a bit unbalanced or I'm just not very good at it. You have your basic human melee fighters who just get destroyed by big Dredge enemies, your human archers who need to get almost in melee range to shoot the enemy, opening them up to counter attacks in the next rounds, which can easily spell their doom, and the big Varl, bearded giants, who take 4 squares of space and can get in each other's way easily, but pack a real punch. The only human I found REALLY helpful on the battlefield was my main guy, Rook. Everyone else was obnoxious to use, but you just can't take 5 Varl with you, even if you have enough to fill your ranks. That just makes no sense. So you are stuck with fragile humans who can die in 1 or 2 hits to the stronger enemies. Since it's also a bit hard to tell which enemy moves when (you have to click the portrait to find out, because most look the same), this can lead to a battle quickly going south.After winning a battle you get renown and depending on WHO killed your enemies you can level up that hero. Herein lie THREE more problems:1. Only the heroes who actually finish an opponent off get the kill credit, so you always have to check who you want to level up and how many kills they need to do so. This can lead to you actively gimping your battles, because your stronger heroes do way more damage. They have better stats and can wear better items due to their higher level (max 5). In the worst case your weaker heroes who would need the level up wouldn't get them and since all your heroes start at level 1 this can become a problem, especially for a newer player.2. Renown is the shared resource to buy supplies, new items AND level ups, which get progressively more expensive. This means you can severely hurt yourself by levelling up a hero only to realize 10 days later that you didn't get enough supplies, because of negative events or because the journy is far longer than anticipated. Since only 2 of my heroes reached level 5 in the end on easy I think there might be not enough renown around. I only bought a few items at the start and even had to suffer starvation in between and it was still not enough.3. There can be points in the game in which you simply lose a hero. If that hero was high level, well ♥♥♥♥ you. Tough luck. Have fun with replacing him or her with a significantly weaker one. It is a bit irritating if you have no control over such events. Yes, of course, this is something that can happen in real life. In reality though you don't have a bunch of inexperienced losers that are only in the reserve, but only battle hardened veterans, since they are constantly fighting. This is especially annoying when the game FORCES you to use a hero, even if you told said hero you didn't want him involved! So in the last mission I was stuck with using a useless level 1 archer, who didn't survive 2 rounds and did virtually no damage...Those are my main gripes with the game out of the way. The story is beautiful and brutal, the graphics are pleasing to look at and the sound is haunting and epic. Now that BS 2 is out the end of BS 1 is also more forgivable ;)You should not skip this game!"
76561197963819823,Recommended,237990,8842918,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jabe,"Okay, Short and sweet.The visuals in this game are pretty amazing, As you can see in the screen shots, the game has a unique and very appealing look.The Music is very well done as well. Nothing to write home about, but it is very well done.The battle system is AMAZING. This is the most impressed I've been with an RPG battle system in roughly 10-15 years?Where this game seems to lack is story. The story just seems so bland. I think they tried to spice this up by letting you make your own decisions, end the end I feel like they should have just animated the story bits. I mean come on, it's 2014 and I have to read lines like ""He cheeks turned bright red"". JUST ANIMATE THAT!I find you spend like 50% of this game in those stupid dialogue windows. Just thursting to get into a battle, because the battles really are THAT fun.I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone that loves SRPGs, You will get your fill from the combat, guaranteed.I would NOT recommend this game if you are looking for an EPIC story. To be fair, I've only got about 5 hours on the game right now, but it just doesn't seem like I'm ever going to care for any of the characters."
,Recommended,237990,16614563,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Starwing6,"This game is basically an interactive storybook with tactical combat!  I was very impressed by the depth of the combat tactics, and I loved acquiring new warriors throughout the story so that I could try out new strategies.  Thankfully the game includes a Training Tent when your caravan camps, so you can test out new tactics and soldier combinations without risk.I found playing this game was very relaxing, and the inability to create a save game in the traditional sense actually enhanced the sense of ""there's no going back now"" that the story really needs.  There are so many times during the story when you end up wishing you could've made a different choice, but you have to play the game again to make different choices.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn-based tactical combat and some light reading."
,Recommended,237990,16097503,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dmitry_Minsky,Just awesome!
,Recommended,237990,17460044,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Suicidal Sheep,"Just finished the game.I was surprised how difficult it gets after a while. Not necessarly because of the difficult battles, but because you run low on supplies if you do not watch out and eventually, as the moral gets low, yourself get a bit frustrated as well, as each day more of your people starve. I really hated it when they actually killed some of heroes and there was nothing you could do about it.The gameplay is very similiar to Fire Emblem, and as there, if you do not know on which characters to lay a focus on, you'll end up being too weak to deal a sufficient amount of damage towards your enemies.A big downside for me was, that the battles are basically always the same. You get dropped in a square area with a handful of enemies, which you have to beat until only you are left - that's it. Only strategy you got to know is, how to deal with any enemy (like armoured guys, archers, etc)All in all tho, the game was very atmospheric and definitly worth your time if you enjoy strategy games.."
76561198043623561,Recommended,237990,10879509,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Merleot,"An incredible game, with lovely graphic style, great story and good turn-based combat system. But, be ready to make hard decisions because every decision will have consequences."
,Not Recommended,237990,14846687,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Fab Mariani,"5/10Pros - Great 2d artCons - Some core design flaws: Scripted events may be ridiculously punishing; Gameplay is very generic with poor progression management; Story is paradoxically not too involving; Characters feel distant; Overall very restrictive.The art, particularly the background art, is really inspiring. I would almost recommend the game on that basis alone.Unfortunately, the game suffers from some major flaws as far as design is concerned. Fundamentally, it's essentially a sort of Choose your Own Adventure type of experience intersected with (frequent) turn-based fights.The problem is that the scripted events that play out during the campaign can be extremely directive and make you feel like you are more a spectator than a player. You may lose characters without warning, or make decisions at an early point that will screw you deeply way further down the road, and then you'll have no way out.Combat itself is hardly that interesting. It's a rather standard turn-based system. Meaning that after you've gone through half a dozen fights, any novelty, excitement or discovery is lost and it becomes a formality. The way combat handles progression isn't so good, as it's one of those antiquated systems that only rewards kills, meaning that a character who goes through 20 fights and scores 2 kills will be weaker than a character who goes through 4 fights and scores 5 kills. Even then, you get little say in terms of actual character build or development.Back to the story, the whole thing feels quite a bit cold and removed. The writing is very standard, everything feels somewhat uninvolved, as if you were a witness more than a driving force in the plot. Lots of characters who seem as though they know one another quite well, but not really much given to the player in terms of space to come in and connect.Buy it if it's on a sale and don't go in expecting much at all and you might have a good time.Buy it if you want to look at pretty artwork.Buy it if you aren't demanding in terms of traditional rpg components: story & characters; choice; exploration and stats/build/strategy development.Otherwise, skip."
76561197970525390,Not Recommended,237990,8865527,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,AsherVo,oh my god this story is boring.
,Not Recommended,237990,20387013,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Tak!,"The Banner Sagais a Viking-themed epic fantasy RPG featuring tactical, turn-based combat, where each of the many (many) decisions that the player makes throughout the course of the game directly affects the unfolding of the story.Based on that description, this game could have been custom-crafted for me personally. I should havelovedthis game. I really, really wanted to. Unfortunately, the implementation just doesn't do the concept justice.Let's begin with the good: the art and music are far and away the best things about The Banner Saga - they're beautiful, immersive, and thematically styled. The graphics have a great hand-drawn feel, and the scenes nicely impart the vastness and desolation of the pseudoNorse landscape.Technically, the game functioned decently on Ubuntu 15.10 (at least on the ""linux fixes"" beta branch - the main build didn't run at all).The narrative, despite the fact that the game continually bombards the player with choices and their consequences, felt very linear and driven.The writers failed to motivate me to care about any of the characters, their plights, or their fates, which made managing them even more of a drudge - I didn't care which ones lived and which ones died, beyond their limited differences in utility, but I was still forced to go through the motions of doing so. All characters have the same handful of statistics, and leveling up just involves spending reputation to increase one or two of them. There's essentially zero potential for exploration: towns and camps are each represented by a handful of clickable icons that spawn conversations or shops, and the areas between are linear, Oregon Trail-esque sequences of traveling intermittently interrupted by seemingly random events. I have no doubt that if I had continued longer, someone in my party would eventually have died of dysentery.Finally, I found the combat dull and uninspired. There's not much variety in how the characters behave during battle, there's little opportunity for tactical creativity, and the whole mess devolves into a slog to keep one or two characters alive so that you can get the party back to camp and rest up for the next combat.There are plenty of great RPGs on Steam - I recommend choosing one of them instead of embarking on The Banner Saga."
,Not Recommended,237990,29272242,Posted: 15 January,all,Deadhardy,"I REALLY wanted to like this game.  I love tactical turn-based rpgs, the art and music are beautiful, and the Viking theme is a breath of fresh air.  However, this game bored me to death.  The combat gets old after a couple hours because the strategy is the same in every battle (chipping away at the enemy armor while hiding your weaker units behind dudes with shields).  It doesn't help that the story and characters are both bland.  It's almost as if a bunch of artists got together with this great theme but forgot they had to (or didn't know how to) make a fun game in order to tie everything together.What's disappointing is that there are so many similar games (that did it right) they could have used as inspiration: Fire Emblem, XCOM, Final Fantasy Tactics, Advance Wars, etc.  These games focus on gameplay first; story and theme complement gameplay but are ultimately secondary.  The Banner Saga does the opposite and comes up short because of it."
,Recommended,237990,11275676,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,FeistyGreenSnake,"I've spent quite a few hours playing this game and can safely say that it's good. Although I was apprehensive at first, mainly since it is a turn-based game and I've had bad experiences with these (namely Final Fantasy, which grew boring after some hours), the characters' different moves and optional dialogue choices interested me greatly. Ludin and Hakon became my favourite characters quickly, and I adore the fantasy aspect of creating the varl people within the Viking legends.I played the game throughout on normal, and the only tough battle I came to was the end, as I couldn't work out that you only had to take down it's defences before then shooting it with a special attack. But I attained the 'normal' achievement eventually :) Another problem I spotted is that there are mistakes in the dialogue. I took screenshots, and, although this game has fighting elemets, it is essentially a dialogue-choice game, which made the discovery of the sentences that lacked proper endings all the more irritating. Further, unlike a visual novel game, you can't skip any text you've already read. Once you've completed this game, you will have to go through all the text again to replay it, which takes extra time.But in any case, if you're looking for a Viking game with endings that differ depending on the choices you make, then you've made an all right choice. Despite that you can't skip already read text, the sentence mistakes in dialogue, and it being a turn-based game, interesting doesn't even begin to decribe the game. You travel across a wintry wasteland, deciding whom you should attack whilst paying attention to your party and resources, and your decisions can ultimately cost people their lives!"
76561197976400969,Not Recommended,237990,9077000,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Oatmeal Pete,"This game was a huge letdown.The combat is bizarre because a single enemy and a single member of your team will alternate. This means that when the enemy has lower numbers, they get more turns. It lets them get in and beat on your weaker people several times and you may not even have a chance to react. Since losing a character in combat means that you have to rest and that he or she will be weaker in additional fights, it is sort of annoying when there are two enemies left and they both get to move over and over again to take out your weakened guys.The maps are all flat. There is no terrain at all.Between battles, there are story portions that play out like a really well illustrated choose your own adventure book. A situation will arise, you choose between two or three options, and then you get a result. There is no indication whatsoever of how the choice might play out, so you might as well just pick the choices at random.There is one currency in the game and you have to spend it to level guys up. Of course, you never know when one of these random story instances is going to kill someone that you spent that currency on.It's really not a good game. If you buy it, buy it for the art, which is quite good."
76561198258742686,Recommended,237990,22313686,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sovietsynth,I love this game its very immersive
76561198101593657,Recommended,237990,33566330,Posted: 15 July,all,TheHoneyBear,Im not crying you're crying
,Recommended,237990,9822149,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Chandler,"A well crafted and very interesting game.First things first, the art and music is top notch. The presentation is great, and the game is beautiful. The world and lore are interesting, and the whole thing feels like it was made with a lot of love.The combat is a well made and fun turn based system. I like the implementaion of armor and strength, and how most of it does not rely on a random ""dice roll"" to determine success. Much of the combat rewards actual planning and tactical choices, rather than hoping your 80% hit is actually a hit. I haven't played the multiplayer component, but I believe the combat is very much the same, so if you want to try it out before playing the single player you could experience it there.This isn't so much a traditional RPG that some people may be used to... the story itself has a very linear progression, but the choices you make change the twists and turns of the narrative. It's almost more like a choose your own adventure book / text adventure than it is a classic CRPG game. Your caravan progresses and you have to deal with problems that arise, making decisions along the way and choosing who to let in your party.Overall, the game is great. I enjoyed my time with it quite a bit and would recommend it. It's short-ish (~10 hours), and could easily be part of a larger saga. Hopefully they make more."
,Recommended,237990,9828410,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Dallon Avery,"Before I start, I wanted to say that I have been following this project since it was announced on Kickstarted. Despite the fact that I have played just a few hours(Some people read reviews written by those who played the game at least 10 hours), I am ready to share my feelings.This game is a peace of art. Visuals are stunning. Sound is so perfect that when your caravan goes through the forest you can close your eyes and still feel the rustling of leaves under your feet and crackling of old trees above your head.The plot is like an old north legend, brutal and full of (dead) ancient gods, giants and greedy people trying to survive.The most important thing for me in this game is a feeling that you are in the last campaign in your life and perhaps the last for all mankind. The feeling that you are on the road all the time keeps me on the look-out.As for the gameplay, I never liked turn-based battles, but there are some exceptions to this rule. And Banner Saga is one of them. This is hard to explain, but every battle is like a chess match, so it can last up to 20 minutes each. Although it is incredibly intense.To sum up, I am proud to have this game in my library, play it and enjoy it."
,Recommended,237990,19385644,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Muh macht die Kuh 👍,"The gods are dead. The sun never leaves the horizon, shining on boundless wastes of tundra. The land is torn between men, giants known as varl and armored creatures known as dredge, neither carry any reason to trust each other. A new day dawns, and the world is at the brink of turmoil, weary of old wars, always anticipating new wars; nearly void of hope. In such a time, you take the role of leading a caravan across frozen wastes to its destiny.You play the parts of many characters, make their choices and endure the consequences while discovering the beautifully weaved tale of the realm. Each and every character that you lead tell a story of their own in this Nordic, war-thorn saga. Each choice that you make affects your chances of survival, and makes you approach one step closer to your destination. The setting is incredibly rich, expected from any proper RPG game. Every road, landmark, settlement, mountain or forest; every region depicted on the map contains its own local history. The lore is complete and refreshing.To begin with, the game contains a diverse gameplay, bringing together elements of adventure, role-playing and strategy games. The adventure elements are directly affecting the story, and the outcome of your choices twist and turn to present you alternative destinies. Combats are turn-based in isometric maps, and gameplay is fairly easy to grasp. Yet 'fairly easy to grasp' quickly turns into 'hard to master'. You are able to level up your characters with renown, a kind of currency that you may gain through heroism either in adventure choices or by slaying your adversaries in battle field. Alongside leveling, you are capable of gathering minor and major items to enhance your heroes furthermore.The Banner Saga presents a direct example for my reason to become a gamer: a story to be told. The game satisfied all my expectations thoroughly. I do not wish to present any spoilers, but it is safe to declare that the story of the realm is not finished in this game. Good news is that The Banner Saga 2 is in development. Cheers!"
76561198028651970,Recommended,237990,26265395,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,comrad_gremlin,"The game has amazing plot and immersive tale: I wanted to know what happens and tried to fully follow the story right from the start. The battles don't take much time, but require a tactical approach.No matter if you are a hardcore strategy fan or a casual player - the game offers matching difficulty to anyone.A+, highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,237990,20713827,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Drizzt,"In a word: TERRIBLE.As usually, first the good things:The idea is really good, the graphical style is wonderful, the voice acting at a very professional level.Now, the review:The game it's one of the worst I've ever played. I can see a lot of good intentions in it, but the final result gives the same feeling as spending time hammering your own fingers.It says to mix RPG, turn based combat and choice driven plot. What you get, instead...Dumb RPG systemAll characters have a predefined class, each class has a starting set of attributes, but they all are already well defined and EVERY attribute has a maximum value that it's nearly reached just as you start playing.For example, you may have a PC of class ""really good with shields"":This PC could begin with Armour 12 out of 16, Strenght 8 out of 10, and other few useless stats. You will be allowed to choose on out of one active ability, and one out of one passive ability (just joking, you can't choose anything, each PC has predefined abilities)So in the end you will get all predefined PC with NO SPACE for any personalization apart from maybe buying an item for them.Honestly, this game is labeled RPG, but it has nothing to do with it. Instead, you are given a set of PC you have to use your better for...Untactical unstrategic turn based combatI can resume everything with just one sentence: you archers have 4 meters' range.That is, they need to stay so close to the enemy to shoot him, that the enemy can reach them next turn with its basic movement. Really. And enemy has slinger with the same range, too: yes, a slinger with the same range of an archer.But if this is not enough...- Movement is not quantified. You need to click on a PC to see where he can go.- You can move JUST ONE TIME. It doesn't matter how far you can reach, you can move only once. Now, it could be understandable to stop moving after attacking, but...you can't spend freely your movements and you have to move all at once? Foolishness.- Your archers has meaningless range, so you protect them with another PC. And because scale with archer has always been a problem in RPG and tactical games, every game has opportunity attacks. This one? Guess what...it has not. So you have your archer right in range of the enemy movement (otherwise he can't shoot him), another PC protecting him, and the enemy just going 'round the defensive PC without any proble,- The game can't do math. According to game's rules, damage is strenght minus armour, so e.g. a strenght of 10 vs an armour of 5 makes 5 damage.Usually.Sometimes is 6 damage.Sometimes is 3.And sometime 4 of strenght vs 4 of armour is 2 damage.And so on...- Combat is a classic interleaved turn based system: one of your PC, then one of the enemy, then one of your PC, etc. etc.So, special abilities aside, there is no ""retaliation phase"": you move your PC next to the enemy, attack, he gets the damage and do not reply; when its turn come, he attack your PC and your PC do not reply.Usually. When the enemy do not decide to reply to your attack, it goes the way above.Well, I wrote ""special abilities aside"", after all, right? Yeah. But the enemy has not that special ability listed O_o- You can't die during combat. No, really.Honestly, the combat phase is really terrible. Having played lots of tactical games (and lot of boardgames), The Banner Saga falls so short that it's embarassing. Because at least Farmville is just a casual game, while this one does everything to looks like a tactical game, and fail miserably.But...as the not-so-present RPG system is just a fake to bridge the game to strategy combat, maybe the the horrible and failed combat system is just put there for something else? Yeah, enter the...On rails blind-choice driven missing plotThe title pretty sums everything, and sincerly I'm a bit tired typing.The story proceeds on rails; I went trough half of the game before giving up after getting tired to not be able to decide any real direction. The plot is frozen, the path is carved in the rock, you just stand sit waiting for the game to show you a written dialogue, and asking you to choose if you want a battle or not. Just that, there is a map, there are two parties, and all you do is waiting for a dialogue, clicking on the next button after each sentence, then decide what to do.Most of the coices are ""do you want to battle or not?""; this in reality translate in ""do you want an easy battle now and an easy next, or do you skip this and get an hardest next?""Other choices are really...well, believe me, the entire system it's a mess. You are requested to choose without knowing what is going on, or without the minimum idea of what will come next. Most outcomes are not, in any way, linked to your choices, and you miss a lot of information too. And as a result of this, your PCs die in what often seems a random way (war council after a battle; you ask your allies what they think; you take a decision in disagreement with the young prince; for this he takes his few men and goes dumbly to battle against 820 fully armoured giants; you can stop him BEFORE he show signs of what he is going to do, or when he is already on the field; he dies)In the end, just a couple of last things:- I wrote ""you just stand sit waiting ""...well, that's not entirely true: as the game depict the travel of a caravan accross a land, I actually spent part of the afternoon cleaning my room while the caravan was moving on the screen.- The game claim to have a beautiful soundtrack. Well, that's just the biggest scam ever; game's sound is a collection of unremarkable background music and a bunch of sound effects thrown here and there."
,Recommended,237990,23839034,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Arnc,Not the easiest game to play. Completed it on easy so far with redoing it all over a couple of times to make things go my way more or less. Really recomended if you like some strategy.
76561198063502214,Recommended,237990,23572780,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Grimace14,"Easily one of the best RPGs I've played in a very long time. This game is actually somewhat reminiscent of that epic and groundbreaking game Oregon Trail on MS DOS, which alone is worth the experience. It also clearly draws inspiration from heavily story driven tactics games like Final Fantasy Tactics and Vandal Hearts.The faux-Nordic world and history is actually pretty consistent with the story of Ragnarok, while keeping things fresh and unpredictable. Even if you hope to see something more genuine in Nordic mythology, you will not in the least be disappointed. If anything, this world is totally align with yet another re-imagining of the Poetic Edda.I would expect nothing less from former BioWare developers. Congratulations, and keep this series going!"
76561198095428818,Recommended,237990,13725914,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mastre Yode,"""I don't like this game. I love this game"""
76561198009876564,Recommended,237990,9496736,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kit the Kat,YAY!!!! Ever accidently applaud at the end of a game? Well this game was funny and great game play ;although my poor caravan suffered many hardships dude to my poor leadership. One arm? No problems~!
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,237990,23845729,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Keemossi,"Music is really good, art and story is nice. But.. that's pretty much it. The gameplay is repetitive, combat is simple and not very interesting. Dialogue options mostly don't matter, and there's no way to predict what any of them will do, anyway. You kind of hope something like asking more information doesn't flat out kill one of your heroes.I'd kind of want to see the storyline to the end, but the game itself is so bad that's not really an option. This would've been way better as an animation, graphic novel or.. anything."
76561198121975294,Recommended,237990,12248136,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,erick,"I liked the game. The art was nice, story interesting and gameplay was ok. I lost a few guys who could have helped me in the last battle so I had to finish on an easier lvl. I will play again some day and try other paths though. It was as advertised turn based battles and interesting."
,Recommended,237990,12630254,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ronyo,Very good but a bit short. Interesting choices.
,Not Recommended,237990,28243621,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Behemoth,"This game has a lot of potential, but losing your leveled heroes in text-screens just becaused you picked 1 wrong option out of 4 is just insanse. I just lost Gunnfir after leveling him to lvl 5 because I thought pushing dredges off the cart would help him stay alive.And worst of all, there is no option to load and retry. That hero is gone! Not because I played badly in a battle but because I clickd the wrong options.This makes the game instant uninstall option for me and I'm now doubting where to pick up BS2."
,Not Recommended,237990,28430481,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,mc2alta,"the game is just one horrible design decision after another.1 resource for everything - do you want to upgrade your character? or buy an item? or feed your followers?  but not all 3, because to do either of those takes the same resource""decisions affect the game"" - yeah, unfortunately it doesnt really matter because every decision you make is wrong.  and if you want to go back to pick another decision, you dont get to choose the save points, you might go back about a half hour from where you were.the story actually had something going for it, but the game makes it so you dont even want to play to advance the story."
76561198030598611,Not Recommended,237990,20734972,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,-=WavE=-,"Worst TBS combat system i`ve ever seen.Good art is the only good thing in this game.  This realy should by a visual novel, not a TBS and guesing game."
,Not Recommended,237990,12756078,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Alex3,"The art is amazing but the story is kind of lacking considering it's a 'story driven' game.  Your decisions barely matter and how well you protect your people doesn't matter at all.  The gameplay is alright, if you like final-fantasy-tactics style games and it's on sale maybe give it a go.  I didn't hate it, but I wouldn't recommend it.  Would like to see more by the creators hopefully with more choices and with those choices affecting the story more clearly, rather than faking it."
76561198005612953,Not Recommended,237990,20566089,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Zanderasgoth,"I wish I could recommend this game, I really do. The artstyle if ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, the story and characters are interesting, BUT.... it just can't get over its need to keep kicking you. No choice you make is right, no choice you make will be good, no choice you do will not end with you getting kicked in the sack.The combat is frustrating to say the least as well. Why they went with a you go then they go, style WITHOUT being able to pick which of your dudes go is beyond me. It makes it where putting the enemy down is, often, a BAD idea as they will start being able to have one guy go two or three times before your roster goes through, making it impossible to pull people back.Its a damn shame as the game was fun for a few hours, but the need to just constanly kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you just kills it for me along with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat."
76561198043616383,Not Recommended,237990,26236482,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hendrikus3,"Steam really needs a ""meh"" option, but since there isn't one, I'll have to go with 'not recommended'.The story is interesting, and I really did want to know what happened... but the gameplay just killed it for me. I liked the characters, but the differents skills and enemies just weren't enough to make it interesting. The balance in skills on the grid was lacking. It felt grindy as hell, like you never had a decent answer to what was thrown at you. I never felt like I aced a battle. This could of course be deliberate, just giving you that feeling of a struggle... but that's not what I play games for.The story is nice so far, though. The decisions you get to make mostly have an effect on how strong your enemy is or the status of your supplies. It's not a bad game at all, it's just not for everybody, I guess."
,Not Recommended,237990,23718647,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"Get this game for 5 bucks.It's neat, but the Choose Your Own Adventure elements essentially give you results that you can't possibly anticipate, and there's no reason not to let all of your people starve, and the tactical fights get insanely repetitive and aren't interesting at all.I kind of enjoyed it, but the schmoes who gave this game however many BAFTA awards have never played a good game in their lives."
,Not Recommended,237990,16936154,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Pirlo with a Gun,"Cons: Inherently uninteresting and bad combat system, boring gameplay, very slow paced, shoddy ""camera angles"" in conversations (breaks the 180 degree rule constantly).Pros: Good artwork, cool characters, decisions have real consequences."
,Not Recommended,237990,23946157,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shutup868,"So far the best I've gotten is chapter 6. I'm really not sure if I'm going to tough it out and finish this game, because there are just so many glaring problems with it.The combat is fun, don't get me wrong. It's easily the best part of the game, but the problems come in outside of the combat. Most games like this, for example, Fire Emblem, have you gain characters that can die in battle. In Banner Saga however, your units only get injured in battle and need to rest. This means that they instead die (or leave your party some other way) from scripted events outside of the combat. That is just so wrong. It completely prevents you from crafting the team you really want, not to mention any items equipped to a unit that dies or leaves the party is lost forever. This could be saved if these didn't happen often, but they happen TOO often. Hell, there's an achievement for keeping one character alive that has at least 4 scripted events in which he can die throughout the story.This gets worse because of one event in chapter 6 that essentially sums up to ""Rocks fall, everyone dies."" An unavoidable (by that point) scripted event that makes you lose 3 characters, just like that. From what I can tell, it starts in chapter 2-3, and based on very minute decisions you make then, 3 chapters later your characters will just die no matter what. That is seriously not okay.I want to like this game, I really do. But I am just being constantly frustrated by the complete lack of personal team building. It's really hard to get attached to your characters when you have no stable way of keeping them in your party."
,Not Recommended,237990,9751356,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Stunt Monkey,"The game is mostly very good up until the end, really great choices to make, the potential for important characters to die early on, balancing the mix of your caravan and the combat is fun and engaging. The only real let down for the majority of the game is the vicous spiral of defeat you can fall into, if you lose fights, you need to spend supplies to recover strength or you continue to be at a disadvantage. However, the currency for supplies (reknown) is also the currency for leveling your characters, so resting to recover strength = lower levels, which means you lose more fights, which... etc etc. To compund this, if you run out of supplies your moral drops, this affects your combat performance significantly... which means you lose more fights, so you get less reknown, so you can afford less supplies... etc etc AGAIN.All of this would still not be enough to make the game drop too much in review, however right at the end you have a blatantly unsubtle ""pick who dies"" moment that is shoved in your face and are then forced to take specific characters you may not have leveled to the the final fight, which is... ridiculously tough. It is clearly meant to be tough battle and I would expect no less, but instead of being maybe 50% tougher than previous battles it is 150% tougher. Many people have ended up dropping the difficulty to easy, which is instead a 50% *drop* from the normal difficulty and ends up giving them a frustratingly pointless win. I persevered and beat it on 'normal' (which is, bizarrely, perfectly balanced the *entire* rest of the game to be challenging but winnable with tactics and forethought).I'd almost suggest simply stopping at the last city once you meet 'Juno' as the game after that point appears to have been designed and written by different people who haven't played any of the rest of it, but that would end up probably being just as frustrating as the end is anyways, which abruptly stops after the fight and a short cutscene and gives you absolutely no closure to any of the major plot points or characters except one (who's dead)... ultimately, I can't recommend anyone buy this (even on sale) as it will leave a sour taste in your mouth at the end and ruin the excellent gameplay that came before imo."
,Not Recommended,237990,13133786,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dorkseid,"This game is schizophrenic.It's selling you a turn-based strategy game, but it's actuall ""Oregon Trail"" with a turn-based strategy game shoe-horned in.The worst part is, the part you were sold on is the worst part of the game.The ""Oregon Trail"" parts are great, but without a fast-forward button you'll spend a majority of your play-session waiting for the game to give you something to do. If you exclude the combat , for every hour you put in, there's about 5 minutes of you interacting with the game.tl;dr - You're being sold final fantasy tactics, you're actually getting a version of ""Oregon Trail"" that disrespects your time."
76561197972446573,Not Recommended,237990,29935386,Posted: 14 February,all,Azrell,"I really wanted to like this game but the combat is just lame. Your health and dmg are the same thing. Im sure they did this thinking it would be awesome to have units lose dmg and wind down as they take dmg, but what it really means is that some units quickly become useless."
76561197989382586,Not Recommended,237990,16397330,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ED_THE_WOLF_,Too repetitive.
,Not Recommended,237990,16355005,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Caboose,"Its just not fun for me. It had a good plot, good combat, good characters but failed to mix them together. It wasnt terrible, just boring."
76561198141967531,Not Recommended,237990,23949774,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rai Dreemurr,"Maybe I imagined something wrong when I bought this game. The combat system itself is fun and seems also balanced from as far as I got. The story however is impossibly hard to keep track off.You are bombed with 6+ character names at the start + several town names and you get not much of an explanation of who every character is. They seem to talk about unimportant stuff or stuff you have no idea of instead of actually giving important information.Now I get it, it's fine if the characters already know each other, but dont expect us as player to immediently know the entire cast. Trying to get something valuable out of the long dialogues I just stopped to actually read the story somewhere in the middle of chapter 2. Shouldnt happen in a storybased game."
,Not Recommended,237990,22419422,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nasgate,"This game is very pretty, and has lots of dialogue options. It has the makings of a fantastic Visual Novel.But then they shoved in gameplay. Gameplay that is absolutely atrocious. Do you like strategy? Then this isn't a good game. Do you like using a variety of units cohesively to take on challenges? Then this isn't a good game for you.I would give this game an overall 2/10 score, because while the story, art, and music are fantastic, the main purpose of a video game is gameplay, the main purpose of an RPG is decision making, and the main purpose of turn based game is strategy. There's no strategy, the gameplay is awful, and the decision making is filled with nonsensical negative consequences, as well as the player being given multiple choices with the same outcome. In addition, while the story is interesting, pacing does not exist, and the transferance between characters is random.Gameplay: 2/10To put it simply, there is no depth to the combat, the AI is easy to manipulate, and if you attempt any strategy except one, you will lose units for no reason. The biggest problem is that there's no engagement mechanic. That enemy that just needs one hit to die? walks away freely and attacks you from range. That archer hiding behind a literal giant? The enemy can walk around the giant with impunity and one shot your archer. Oh, and if your archer lives? They can't do any damage(because your health is your damage number), so your best strategical move is to use them as bait and get them killed.Story interaction: 1/10Do you like losing a character in a conversation with no context? How about being given a false sense of choice?Basically, while the story is cool and interesting, every single scripted event can have characters die for nonsensical reasons, which then makes the already terrible combat worse, because you just lost your level 5 hero because half the options don't actually do what they say. There's a certain scene with an Ox cart that is the perfect example. A giant tries to hold it and prevent it from falling off a cliff. You get 3 options. All 3 result in the cart falling, and two result in the giant dying. So why the ♥♥♥♥ is this an option and not just a cinematic? So the devs can pretend they gave the player choice."
,Not Recommended,237990,8909758,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"I really wish I hadn't trusted all the reviews on this game. Yes its a tactically sound game but I found it very boring and it didn't motivate me to want to progress the story. If it wasn't those godawful unskippable travelling sequences that were totally just time syncs, it was the mumbling voice acting that put me to sleep. If you don't enjoy this sort of game as a standard, then save your money, the story and resourse management are not enough. I did want to enjoy this game which is why I am personally disappointed.Pros - Great visuals - Original Setting - Very well written dialogue - interesting choics to make that can effect game laterCons - Voice Acting phoned in - Very unforgiving learning difficulty when the combat feels overly simple - you will see most of what the game offers in the first 2 hours of play."
76561198073852774,Not Recommended,237990,12229296,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NOKIA3310,BORING!!!!!!
76561197990073474,Not Recommended,237990,31506178,Posted: 2 May,all,Luagha,"The art and story and tone make me want to love it, but the gameplay was so tedious I just lost interest in booting it up. :<"
76561198034171721,Not Recommended,237990,18826100,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,The Corgi Pupper,"A regrettable purchase. Decent story, but weighed down by terrible combat gameplay that makes you want to eat your hat. And then on top of that, this is the first part of a trilogy (because of course it is), so you're going to be investing even more money into this franchise."
,Not Recommended,237990,28394892,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,necuz,Random events with unpredictable outcomes and a combat system that favors completely ridiculous (from a story perspective) tactics.
76561198092979175,Not Recommended,237990,12040484,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Shangshang,Pros:Good art designMemorable charactersInteresting original storyTurnbased combat system is goodCons:It's incredible short - 4 hours and your done.The decisions you make don't really affect the game at all.The overall affect of the game wears off towards the end. It feels like a rush job.I bought it when it was at full price which is probably why I am going to not recommend it. If it's on sale for less that $10 I'd say give it a try.
,Not Recommended,237990,17514564,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Registered Fur,"A beautiful game but ultimately disappointing.  I found the tactical combat almost meaningless in the choices made which was a bummer.  I'd expected something on the order of the old XCOM, but it was much simpler."
76561198219304391,Not Recommended,237990,31290167,Posted: 21 April,all,WildFire,"First off the story is great. The characters are good the branching paths decent albeit rather minor in a lot of cases and the background world interesting. That is where the good aspects of the game end. The combat.... god damn i have never seen a system so broken and poorly thought out and the strategic aspect is minimalistic and repettetice albeit not anywhere near as bad as the combat system. If you have patience then sure you can just ignore the negative aspects of the combat and speed through the game for the story and characters and walk away satisfied. But if you are in anyway interested in this game for the combat it's not worth it at all. Basically that is the main review imo if you want to read further its just a rant of how terrible the combat system actually is.So the combat system.1.) In my opinion the most immersion and balance breaking mechanic for this game is that regardless of the numbers of enemies/allies in a fight one ally unit goes, then one enemy, then one ally repeat etc. and the only exception is when there is only one remaining on either side. This doesnt sound to bad until you realize that with 2 enemies and 6 allies (default party size) the enemies can move 3 times for every once an ally moves. This means that it can walk up to your tank armor break, armor break one shot and you cant move that tank or defend. This also means your archers are all dead unless you set up traps or have the last enemies be crippled because the maps are tiny in comparison to movement speed. This works for you too so by all means bring 2 berserkers and slaughter half the map attacking 3-5 times for every hit the enemies get in if thats your style. It works in most cases but lacks versatility in some situations so i bring 3 which makes most fights a breeze.2.) Humans SUCK in this game. Compounded by the first point humans (as apposed to varls (giants)) do not have the health and armor to reliably keep from dying when you leave 2-3 enemies alive as most humans even heavily armored ones die in 2 hits or are so crippled they are useless and a drain, Theoretically humans can be useful that is assuming the first mechanic isnt in the game. With humans providing support for the tanky varls up front or as skirmishers to take out enemy archers but given the mechanic the more versatility the less damage output and the greater threat of  unavoidable death in 6vs2s vs 3vs2s. Dont bother with them Varl have about double their hp and 1.5x their armor and even when you are down to the last 2 enemies or you mess up before that point and take a lot of damage they can still deal a lot and take a lot while if they were human theyd be dead 3 turns ago.3.) Health is damage. This can work but not with rule 1 (theres a theme here i know) because with 1 and 3 in effect the most logical thing you can do is leave about a dozen enemies alive all on 1 hp. It goes random enemy random ally so the enemy will be forced to waste its turn using enemies which cant hurt you and are resigned to knock off 1 armor off of your like 19 (if you are using varl). Given that a lot of varls special attacks are AOE they can mop them up no problem making humans even less viable with few useful AOE attacks.4,) The AI is suicidally annoying. So most AI in games like these are at least somewhat immersively programmed. They dont suicide for the benifit of their leader all the time and tend to stick to cover and formations like in Xcom as a random example off the top of my head, Not so in banner saga. You have a low hp archer across a flaming puddle of oil behind enemy lines around a corner and you will be trapped in an utter death trap if you enter. Of course you enter random hired mercenary because.... idk you want your team to win at all costs because you are a poorly programmed ai. Also with point number 1 they will go up the your guy who just moved and hit them over and over again as your other troops desperately single move after them. This isnt aaas much of a downside but it drags attention to the gamebreaking faults even moreso as well as making low hp humans EVEN less viable.5.) Regardless of the strategical context your starting location is random and you cant see enemy turn order until you set up in the tiny alloted starting area you do have. For instance the context was that i was leading a battle we ended up winning with ZERO CASUALTIES between about 800 of us to 600 of them this was early game btw i didnt have the OP super leveled Varl late game and even brought humans (so naive). I specifically advanced in formation to ensure an organised push and the map designing RNG put me in the middle surrounded on all sides. -_- so what i thought i put the varl closest to the big enemies and my humans to the smaller weaker enemies. Turns out the smaller weaker enemies went first while i had my varl selected to go first so i literally had to watch as because i made a bad call bringing humans let alone human archers into a battle the enemies walked up and one shotted 2 of my guys before they could even retaliate. Like i said aside from those 2 injuries there were no deaths in a battle of hundreds and we slaughtered them. Also a theme here but maps making you spawn in random locations with random enemy turn order makes humans EVEN. LESS. VIABLE.In conclusion. It makes sense in this game tactically to never bring the majority race into a battle EVER, to enter battles outnumbered very heavily, to leave as many enemies alive on low hp as possible and to think the AI will suicide whenever there is a chance to screw you over. I generally like gameplay which is balanced, allows for multiple strategies and isnt so incredibly backwards in terms of what is intuitive. It catastrophically breaks immersion and takes away from an overal interesting story. If you can ignore all the gameplay flaws you'll like it. I tried i really really tried to like this game but god damn i cant overlook its combat when it is such a large aspect of the game it is not worth it. Imo dont buy unless you have a high tolerance to bad unintuitive gameplay."
,Not Recommended,237990,19302591,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Andi,"It'd be an awesome game when judging the graphics, the gameplay, the soundtrack, the story, the characters or anything else except for the game's stability.Yet, The Banner Saga is (currently) so horribly unstable, it doesn't make any fun playing it. The worst problems one can avoid by installing the beta version, but still it's just not acceptable that the game locks up regularly. Not that it'd crash or freeze completely, it just hangs and doesn't continue. For instance in battle often an enemy should end its turn, but never does. So, you have an NPC character that's out of possible actions blocking the initiative round. The UI is perfectly responsive, but your only option in that case is to exit the game, as you will never get control of any character on the battlefield.Or in dialogues. Sometimes two dialogue options pop up simultaneously, and the game doesn't continue, no matter what you do. Same for information messages.Ah, and there's a memory leak somewhere. The longer one plays, the more the animations stutter. Restarting the game helps.All this brings me to the next point of critique: It's not possible to save manually. So, whenever one of the aforementioned bugs strikes (quite often), one has to reload the last autosave which might be half an hour old, or even older...To summarize, I'd recommend this game, if it weren't so extremely buggy that playing it simply isn't fun."
76561198036585082,Not Recommended,237990,23741733,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ximxim,"Great concept, so-so execution. Decent tactical battles. ""Winning"" seems to require gaming the system, reading wiki's etc. Winning unspoiled seems to be a matter of luck as you don't get enough information to make informed decisions. Writing is a bit all over the place...that intro, really? Other parts are better, but very safe, just ticking off the usual tropes."
76561198022369703,Not Recommended,237990,13114170,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,..,great art and musicreally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ comabt system
76561198086259877,Not Recommended,237990,13707188,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,tiedyedpunk,"I'd been waiting since this game came out to buy it on a good sale. I paid five bucks during the holiday sale. I spent about an hour playing it and was ready to fall asleep. This game sucks hard. The trailers and the pictures gave me a false impression of the game. There are no cool cutscenes. No voice acting. No animations during dialogue. This game is just a huge disappointment. I suggest you go and watch a gameplay video before buying this. It looks like chocolate, but tastes like....well...um....you know. I don't even think I got my money's worth for five bucks."
76561198028057789,Not Recommended,237990,13778025,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Il  Duce,"Short and minimally interactive. Very poorly written and dumb things happen in the storyline. I beat it without even trying after 9 hours of play. Of the few choices you get to make, most don't make a significant difference, and the minimal effect that choices do have are not at all intuitive. It held my attention, but I can't say I recommend it given these issues."
,Not Recommended,237990,13779279,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,eriX84,"I bought this game due to the rave reviews it got and the fact that I love T-RPG's, however I was pretty disappointed with the game.I beat the game in ~7 hours, which is fairly short, even for a $20 MSRP RPG. At one point, I was given the illusion of choice where characters were killed no matter what I did (I ALT+F4'd out 3 times in an attempt to save the characters, the same thing happened no matter what choices I made). The end of the game feels more like a half way point more than an actual ending; nothing is resolved or finished, if this was a big budget game I'd expect DLC to pick up where the game left off.You control two separate parties, one of which feels really balanced, the other is so underpowered you'll practically lose every fight unless your RNG is VERY lucky. At first I really liked the Telltale style conversations mixed with the Oregon Trail style traveling, but both of which are implemented poorly, so your decisions don't effect much and you're constantly struggling to have enough supplies, which prevents you from leveling up your units.Upon finishing the game there's no New Game+ or anything, resuming your game simply takes you to the final cutscene and then the credit roll. So many names are dropped and places talked about during the game that you end up fairly confused unless you take notes, the game has a fairly large world map but you don't ever go to 90% of the places on it. The game feels highly polished but rushed, like there was much more content planned but they didn't have time to finish it.I got the game for $5 during a sale, and at that price it's a decent deal, but at full price I can't recommend the game as it feels incomplete and imbalanced."
,Not Recommended,237990,23883655,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fenris,"The Banner Saga would've been an AWESOME movie.  The writing is great, the characters are memorable, and the visuals are unique and interesting.Unfortunately, it's not a movie, it's a game.  And as a game, it's bad -- embarrassingly so, as if the developers are unaware of the progress and evolution in game design in the past 20 years.  The fights in Banner Saga are boring, repetitive, and frustratingly limited in options.  The overland travel (strategic level choices) are opaque and capricious to the point of randomness.By the end, I was so annoyed with how ham-fisted the gameplay was, that I wasn't even enjoying the wonderful writing and visuals anymore.  Which is a real shame, because they're the only things justifying playing it at all.Buy this only at deep discount, and keep your expecations very low."
76561198025688425,Not Recommended,237990,32995874,Posted: 29 June,all,hblixno1,"on rails strategy game with pretty basic strategy. Really odd tactics, if you lure in and destroy the weaker units, it just means the stronger units get to attack more frequently. Limited customisation of troops. Very shallow experience."
76561198118496779,Recommended,237990,25625118,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,snakejishi,"What can I say? This is game is something like I never played before.Music 10/10story 10/10decisions has drastic consequences 10/10RPG elements 8/10combat 8/10Graphics 10/10The only one that sucks, the 2D makes hard sometimes to drag a character to some places."
,Not Recommended,237990,19059555,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Crazy The Small Dragon,"Incredibly dry... Slow paced and the story is not very well told. I found myself looking at the dialog and not really understanding the point of most of the choices or how they happened to be worded. I couldn't get into the characters, they just seemed too one demensional.I really liked the concept of using willpower to empower your abilities or actions in a single engagement but, for me, I just could not get into it : \"
,Recommended,237990,25766176,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Oscarius II,"Absolutely loved it. Appealing graphics and characters, compelling story, and combat system reminiscent of your favorite tabletop rpgs. Solid 5/7 ;)"
,Not Recommended,237990,20674734,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Conform Comply,If combat in an SRPG is bad. The game is bad.This game is very bad.
,Recommended,237990,18999148,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Les,"Good game with very solid story.I would prefer more complex skills and maybe some magic spells, but I it's definite buy"
76561198042327282,Not Recommended,237990,8806209,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,zcguder,"First off, I do want to say that in the begninning I was in love with this game. It struck me as a kind of oregon trail gone vikings. The combat is fun, requiring some strategy, and the story was interesting. The main issue that I had with the game is as a casual gamer I generally play on easy, and while a little challenge is fun constant challenge is not fun. Amusingly enough I found the combat to be jut about right to what I wanted, it was the (in my opinion) inability to ever have enough renown to level my guys up and feed my caravan, let alone buying anything. I restarted the game after chapter 5 because all of my people starved because I spent too much leveling up characters. On my second play through I spent almost all my renown on food, but ended up getting killed alot more in battle becase I was not leveled up. This to me, seems like it should be how the normal or hard setting works. When I play easy I want it to be just that, easy."
76561198018634951,Not Recommended,237990,8808854,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,jpjhun,"While The Banner Saga has some interesting concepts such as the art and in-game fighting mechanics, it's real turn off is the three main deiceiving points that are apparent throughout the game.1. The game does not have any strategic elements aside the turn based battles - The battles are frankly very interesting and quite amusing, until you get used to them in like 15 battles. From then on you fight the same enemies in almost the same fashion over and over again. But The Banner Saga deceives you where it makes you think you have a choice in creating the outcome of the battle, such as charging in, or escaping. Truth be told, while the turn based fights are extremely difficult, the battlefield chocies has very little to do with the outcome of the overall game, meaning you can do mostly whatever you please to avoid battles to complete the game successfully.2. The Banner Saga deceives in that ""Player's choice drives your own narrative"", but realistically, whatever choice you make does VERY little to do with the outcome of the game. Sure, some unimportant characters might die off here and now, and you might lose some men and food etc, but it really has minimal impact on the actual gameplay and most importantly, it barely has any impact on the story. What this means for you is that whatever choice you make ultimately brings you back to whatever path (if any) the developers wanted you to follow, making the game extremely linear. Trust me, i've played the game three times just to check.3. Super short story - this is chapter 1 of the supposed trilogy, which I had no idea when I bought the game. But the troubling factor is that the game is full of filler elements: a vast array of unnecessary battles to make you feel like you've played a lot. By the third playthrough of this game, I decided to speed hack and cheat to make my characters god-like, and I managed to finish the game in two hours. That's how short the game really is. And no, there is nothing special about the story. the whole time you're trying to find out the reason behind your enemy's invasion and the game never succeeds in narrating why this happened, merely leaving you with... an unsuccessful cliffhanger meaning you aren't left curious of what will happen next because you don't really connect with any of the characters or the story.All in all, I wouldn't pay any more than $5 for this game."
76561198039424736,Not Recommended,237990,9313850,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,UTPriest,"Giving up on this game.  All for a hard game where people die (x-com comes to mind) if you make mistakes but getting ""pulled aside for a little chat"" and then having 3 chars murdered is not my cup of tea.  If you can handle that, then this is an otherwise excellent game.  Really enjoy the premise, art, battles, all that but I'm that guy who wants my actions to control if my characters die or not."
,Not Recommended,237990,18226517,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,dejaqwho,"I gave this a negative review for only one reason; the 89% score represented by the whole of steam reviews is not a true reflection of the games quality. I think the nuance of this game is skewing the true score that this game should be rated as. This is a 6.5 to 7 out of 10 game; I still recommend playing it and buying it for a cheap price less than $10.Story:  6/10 (the thing that weighs on the story is that it’s very clear they are going to milk this game, very little gets revealed in this firs installment of the Saga, it is captivating,  but doesn’t reveal or progress anything.Music/Sound: 7.5 (Music is appropriate to the setting and art style, sound fx in battle are nothing special)Gameplay: 7.5 (The concept of having this caravan with limited resources and going on a trek in choose your adventure type of gameplay is a nice touch, and works well in this games environment. Combat: Strategy wise it’s decent and AI is fairly well done, although the actions, and special abilities leaves something to be desired.Writing/Dialog/Voice Acting: 4/10 ( Writing of dialog is bad, I can live with spelling mistakes, but there are grammatical mistakes that shouldn’t have passed QC especially since this is a story driven game. Sometimes the quality of writing dialog is putrid, its worthy of a high school student writing a short story. There is limited voice acting in the game, but when it does play you wonder to yourself why did they even bother…yes the dialog writing is bad in the game, but voice acting they have is even worse and it added nothing to the game."
76561198004067034,Not Recommended,237990,8780836,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Easy,"RTS/RPG/Telltale-esque with VIKINGS!Should be awesome, but it's not."
,Recommended,237990,9238437,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MAX'S MICRO PENIS,Gotta go fast
,Recommended,237990,10945803,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"Chicken Crispy, Hold The Clout",gud game 10/10 wud bang
,Recommended,237990,9210226,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Marsuk,"Very good, but missing voice and more animation."
,Not Recommended,237990,8892335,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TheCyberpunk,This is so boring. I expected more.
76561198019342164,Not Recommended,237990,8905816,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kasuka,"First off, I like others had high hopes for this game. I adore turn-based tactical RPGs. Ogre Tactics, Final Fantasy Tactics, I eat 'em up. This game looked interesting so I gave it a go.First part it was great. Beautiful gameplay, detailed world, interesting plot, etc. The real issue however? The combat. Oh, the combat.First off, the tutorial is very lacking and sporadic. For example, I didn't realize I could change initiative order into much further in the game which can really make or break combat.The lack of stats and distinct ""classes"" made the game really cringe worthy too. Both health and attack power are the same stat. So, as you lose health you start hitting like a wet noodle. I disliked this from the get-go but worked with it as best as I could. It made combat so tedious.It feels like they tried to streamline the gameplay as much as possible but it just made the combat terrible.Another big decision flaw: the fact that your only resource (Renown) was used to level characters, buy supplies, and buy items. And let me tell you, there's not enough to go around. It's basically a ""you're screwed"" kind of scenario no matter what.The fact that you could lose your max geared characters on a random decision outside of combat hurt too. Oh no! I choose the random option B and lost my awesome hero! Let me just reload my last save and-wait, why's my last save from three combats ago? What...Yup. The game auto-saves for you and doesn't let you have any say in the matter. This really, REALLY bugged me. Part of being a single-player game is the ability to save whenever you could (with limitations of course). Not having this ability really sucked since you pretty much got stuck with whatever bad decision you may have inadvertantly made.All in all, this game felt like it was doing nothing but screwing over the player which is apparently part of its goal but there comes a point too when the game needs to be fun and engaging. It's not engaging when I lose my best heroes because I chose to eat turnips instead of carrots. It's not fun when the last boss gets to act 6 times a round simply because he's the last one standing (and regenerate each time he gets a turn!).So if the equivalent of getting smacked in the face with a fish for 9 hours doesn't appeal to you, I'd recommend not getting this game or waiting until it's much cheaper. As is, it's not worth it's current price."
,Not Recommended,237990,9489123,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,CapnBald,"Picked it up on sale because I like the viking history stuff and strategy elements. Turns out that's all I really like about this game. The combat itself is challenging and very strategic, thankfully there is no permadeath from combat.Outside of combat, however, is where the game fails. There is a lot of...waiting. The game is very intent on telling a story, and it will shove the huge scale of your passage in your face for what feels like hours whether you like it or not.The game starts out with a pretty basic story. Escape your home because it's under attack, travel to find safety elsewhere. Unfortunately, the game asks you to make decisions between fights. You're trying to keep your people safe, so naturally you would want to pick the safest option, right? Haha, nope. If you're not trying to Rambo guns blazing 25/8 then a character is probably going to get killed. Because you hit ""2"" instead of ""1"". Not for tactical combat reasons, what the game bills itself as, but because trying to stop a cart from falling off a cliff. All in text, too, so it's very unfulfilling.I can see why people like the game, because the combat IS fun, and the story IS cool, but the parts inbetween are severely lacking."
76561197987494077,Not Recommended,237990,13334168,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,richard,The BAnner Saga features a solid tactical gameplay mode but lacks a solid foundation.For greater detail please see my full video reveiw.http://youtu.be/p26HIkfCwmY
,Recommended,237990,18742788,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Hirikara,"The art is beautiful, the music is beautiful, the story is interesting, and it has good gameplay... But it is honestly very depressing to play. :'(I'd recommend playing this, and then watching a series of cat videos afterwards to forget how depressing this game is."
,Recommended,237990,18862550,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,=NickFury=,"Overhyped and neither atmospheric nor unforgettable.Banner Saga is a member of the very old, almost protogenic style of adventures where you move from random event to random event, each time making choices á la ""you meet an old bum at a crossroad - will you feed him/kill him/steal his shoes?"". The crux of the genre has always been the unpredictable nature of the outcome of your decision (stealing his shoes might be the best choice since they're a magic item your party can use, but of course you don't get that info until after the fact) and Banner Saga does nothing to make that less of an issue. Instead they simply prettied up the concept with nice visuals and an interesting combat system.Ultimately, if the presentation and the setting doesn't appeal to you, there isn't much left to reel you in. The actual gametime is short, it's very linear unless you care about minute changes and thus barely replayable and, worst of all, ends abruptely in a cliffhanger.If you have a weak spot for stringent adventures of its kind regardless, and can heed the caveat that you should really only pick it up for 5 bucks during a sale, a single walkthrough to see what the fuzz is about is still worth a recommendation. You probably won't touch it ever again after that, but despite all its flaws it manages to be quite enjoyable to play through once."
76561197970904237,Not Recommended,237990,8800447,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,silverarm,"I can't come up with any other term that fits better than ""Gamer Blue Balls"".  The artwork was beautiful and unique, greatly reminding me of the best of 70's and 80's era line-art epics like Lord of The Rings or The Hobbit. They did an amazing job of creating a deep and interesting universe, from history to cultue and artwork. They have well-developed characters with mostly believeable behavior. The gameplay is challenging, especially in evoking the grim feeling of scarce resources and harsh choices.  You can build your characters up for combat, or you can try to keep your people alive, or you can do both poorly. There will never be enough currency (Renoun) to manage both. They managed to keep me interested in the civilians and the story enough to actually care about the choices I made, and agonize over the risk of starving them all to death in the cold. They built up an epic plot with several layers that were just coming to maturity when, out of nowhere, and with no warning at all, the credits start rolling. You finish a boss fight, that one of the characters even comes out and says won't actually kill the big bad guy, just put him down for a while. Enemy army - still rampaging through the world. Big world crisis - still utterly untouched and in full swing. Personal story - also still in the middle of everything. They created this grim, georgous, hugely challenging world that I absolutely loved, and just suddenly shoved a ""The End"" in your face at one random chapter about 1/3rd of the way in.If they had either finished the rest of the game, or made it clear from the beginning that this was only Part 1 of several, I would have been so happy with it. Instead, I'm left dissorientated, unfulfilled, and rather irritated. Maybe they were more upfront about it with their backers, but I missed this Kickstarter, and all I know of the game is what was listed in Steam. Sorry, but unless they patch this with the rest of the game that they left out, I can't recommend this to anyone. Such a shame to waste so very much potential."
,Not Recommended,237990,21808445,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,7grain,"Great soundtrack, great art style, decent story, good characters, good lore. But the repetitive combat left me dreading encounters that I couldn't avoid. When I realized that this is the first of a planned trilogy, I lost interest in continuing.I wish that Steam offered a ""neutral"" rating, because I think the right gamer would really enjoy The Banner Saga. However, the story's snail pacing and the uninspired tactical combat left me cold.Banner Saga is beautiful, but not much fun. I lost interest after 5 hours, and 75% of the people in my friends list on Steam who started it played 5 hours or fewer. (9 of 12 people).  I generally like indie games, and I was excited to finally play this one,  but this was a disappointment. Proceed with caution."
,Not Recommended,237990,20527902,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Acerbic,"Lots of talking about weather and politics and weird battle system.Not very pleasant mix of genres.The game is done well and has its distinct flavor, but will require some *very* specific tastes to be enjoyable."
76561198012386918,Not Recommended,237990,12040367,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Bugs,"I felt the game came up short in aspects to what I was expecting.  There is a beautiful map overview and when I first saw it I thought I would be plotting different courses to take; reaping the rewards or suffering the consequences.  Instead the game did it for me via script and I charted the same path and plowed through the same encounters (mostly).  Considering most of the game is artwork (beautiful artwort) with script I really did figure I would be given more options within game but other than watching my caravan plod along or fight the chess style battles I felt let down very quickly.  If this price includes the next 2 segments of the game then it may not be a bad buy, at the time I bought it for $25-$30 and felt ripped off for 8 hours of first time playthrough."
76561197978938882,Not Recommended,237990,12041766,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,JDinKorea,"Folks, the story limps... even as a turn-based saga.  The mechanics are un-weildy and frankly ... uninspired.  If you are looking for even a 1980's ""Wizardry"" experience, look elsewhere."
76561198044027736,Not Recommended,237990,10499604,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Dirt Wolf,"Very little variety in enemies to fight and the in-game ""choices"" feel random and only encourages replayability in the sense that you would want to go back and pick the choices to avoid punishment rather than to try different paths for variety. Choices you make only effect how easy or difficult it will be once you're on the battlefield, so there is a great incentive to memorize what the effects a choice will yield, which just makes the game linear and defeats the purpose of giving choice in the first place. Although I knew when I bought this that two more would be coming to continue the storyline, the developers claimed that the game stands on its own, which is a weird thing to say considering that after completing the game, I had more questions than answers.It's not a terrible game, but I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,237990,8796520,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,HighRisk twitch.tv/flaktest,"Developed by a team of ex-bioware'ers, the game illustrates in depth knowledge of narrative structure. What it does lack unfortunately in, is gameplay. Grabbing the turn based style strategy and RPG and mixing with some elements of management sounds like a great idea, but it isn't the innovative edge the story needed to connect the user to the characters and their lives. Overall, worth the $25 dollars? For the artwork, yes. For the game itself. No"
76561198025625270,Not Recommended,237990,9565820,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,xterminal86,"Though in visual aspect it's well done, this game is something I didn't expect. I expected more like Final Fantasy Tactics or original XCom. And here it's very linear, short and gloomy. I think it's the most pessimistic game I've ever played so far."
76561198021674448,Not Recommended,237990,10220333,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Lady Kitten,"Interesting and different game that was fun to play once I got to grips with it, even with the frustration of the constant shortage of food, only to get loads right at the end when you don't need it. All the renown which could have been spent on promotions and items was diverted for much of the game into keeping mininmum food stocks. The main problem is that this game is very very short. Don't expect mini bosses etc ... One big fight at the end and its done. Far too much to pay for five hours start to finish."
76561198027969317,Not Recommended,237990,10305251,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,gian2ooo,"I don't know how anyone, who has played this game, can recommend this game.  Gameplay sucks - Characters suck - RPG elements suck - strategy is limited and distorted..  Probably the one thing this game attempts to be cool/unique or innovative about may be the visual aspects but to be honest - it gets dull and boring about the second chapter.The amount of gameplay is very short.  Although you spend a lot of it 'walking' on the caravan - watching your caravan starve.  (WHo's bright idea was this?)Dont believe the trailerVery boringI want a refund"
76561197967759452,Not Recommended,237990,9273976,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GOOD WILL RIKERING,"Repitive and boring.  They did themselves a great disservice by offering the combat ahead of time for free because anyone who played that for any legnth of time will quickly get bored of this game.  It's a well thought out system, but there's simply not enough variation."
76561197997094234,Not Recommended,237990,9462415,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Death2Zombies,"It's a glorified Oregon Trail with about 8ish hours of gameplay. Some replayability, but after first playthrough it left a sour taste in my mouth. It didn't have much variety in terms of battles, and it's not a very good story. Also, you're left with a complete disregard for what's actually happening to the world. It feels like an incomplete game that's going to be split up into two or more games for the purpose of cashing in on strategy enthusiasts. Honestly, it wasn't terrible, but had I not gotten it on sale I'd be extremely upset with my purchase. I would avoid this unless you really just want a basic strategy simulator with two flavors: weak and armored. You spend a majority of the game watching a caravan travel whilst making ""seemingly"" important decisions that really don't matter enough to have any effect overall on the endgame. In hindsight, I would've waited for the price should come down to $10, and then waited for a sale."
,Not Recommended,237990,9879845,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,rocaguinarda,Awesome art. Although there's too many text. The low pace finally turns the experience into dull.
76561198043409884,Not Recommended,237990,10463454,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,dzeeman2005,"I played 30 minutes of this game and I was bored. Very disappointing. Basically, it's like an interactive, 2-D matte painting - a beautiful (no, I mean BEAUTIFUL) - matte painting and your characters scuttle across at at the same viewing angle, but only when they fight. Otherwise, there's no movement. No life.The dialogue is stilted, not very well-written. When oh when are these tech nerds going to hire some English majors to do their writing for them? When?The interface is easy enough, given that all you can do is slash or defend or use some kind of special power.The story or what I saw in that admittedly brief experience was really meh. And the whole concept of the ""dredge"" as the evil guys (really?) is pretty silly.That said, I would watch an animated feature of the artists' work. I would play a 3-D (or 2-D of the quality of Baldur's Gate) rpg with this artist's input. The ART IS THAT GOOD.But this game, in it's current form is pretty bad."
76561198017527354,Not Recommended,237990,11984147,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Zebniko,"The most important aspect of a game is the combat for me (if it has combat), it makes or breaks the game. Combat mechanics are not very good in the banner saga, mostly the armor damage calculations.For example my character has 8/9 stats which is attacking an enemy with 10/11 stats. That 9 damage of my character is decreased to 1 when attacking either the enemy's armor or strength. Surely I’m going to lose the fight. Also the damage done to armor does not seem straight forward as I have not figured out the calculation. The wiki says it’s just damage - armor = damage done, but that is not the case in most instances, as other hidden factors are affecting it.The game starts you off in situations like this and outnumbered in the ones I played, making it pretty frustrating when you are new and learning the mechanics and tactics.When I lose a fight it seems like nothing really happened. The story keeps going. I wonder if I could go through the whole game speed clicking on dialog and lose every fight without any divergence to the game or loss state."
76561198163458925,Not Recommended,237990,20308422,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Karl Marx,"Esses eventos aleatórios que matam seus personagens são RIDÍCULOS. Você perde personagens que você investiu um monte de renome porque não queria jogar fora um carro de comida, por exemplo. Ah, mas é só dar reload né? NÃO, PORQUE ESSE LIXO DE AUTOSAVE NÃO TE DEIXA SALVAR E SE QUISER RECOMEÇAR, TEM QUE SER DESDE O INÍCIO DO CAPÍTULO. Os combates são todos iguais e quase sempre contra os mesmos inimigos. Simplesmente não tem cutscenes, apenas muralhas de texto dizendo o que acontece, o que tira toda a emoção, parece uma visual novel às vezes. O game te joga pra fazer decisões importantes e você não entende nem que caralhos tá acontecendo, que diabos são os dredges, o que eles fazem, quem você é, pra onde e por que você tá indo, é tudo muito mal explicado. Jogo HORRÍVEL, não recomendo a ninguém. Ah, e a tradução pra português é uma bosta, tive que jogar em inglês de tão lixo que é.These random events that kill your characters are RIDICULOUS. You lose characters that you invested a lot of renown because you tried to help them pick a food cart, for example. But it's okay, just reload, right?  NO, BECAUSE THIS STUPID AUTOSAVE CRAP DOESN'T LET YOU SAVE, IF YOU WANT TO RESTART, GO BACK TO THE BEGINNING OF THE CHAPTER! Combats are all the same and almost always against the same enemies. The game doesn't have any cutscenes, just wall texts telling you what's going on, no emotion at all, seems like a visual novel sometimes. It also throws you into important decisions without you understanding what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, who the hell are these dredges, what do they do, who you are, where and why are you going, nothing well explained. TERRIBLE game, I don't recommend it to anyone. Oh, and the translation to portuguese is crap, I had to play it in english."
,Recommended,237990,28054271,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Silvalinionisis,Entire game was an emotional shock upon shock. One of the best discoveries I've made in 2014.
,Recommended,237990,23538098,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ilake,"Interesting game, worth"
,Recommended,237990,8718742,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Purplefood,"This game is pretty awesome. Great art style, the gameplay is simple but still entertaining and provides a reasonable challenge. The story (Not even that far in) is really gripping so far. Definitely recomended."
,Recommended,237990,32628823,Posted: 21 June,all,Rad The Impaler,7.0
,Recommended,237990,19814838,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,◔.◔,"A really good game. Has a beautiful art style, a good story, with lots of hard choices that actually impact the outcome of the game to some extent, and a good tactical combat system.The story has several ""main"" characters and grows on you as you play it. The combat (on normal) is hard enough to make it fun and challenging and to affect the decisions in the rest of the game.Love the art style, especially the landscapes, and the viking theme. The soundtrack and voice acting are good too, even though I wish there was voice acting for more parts of the game. The story could be longer too, but that's ok since it will have a sequel soon."
,Recommended,237990,20047360,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FunRat                    [TC],"To put it simply, The Banner Saga is a beautiful game from start to finish.  The story, art, and music all come together to create an experience that is unlike any other in video games.  Yes, the actual gameplay is fairly simplistic, but everyother aspect of this game is so well crafted, that I barely noticed to relative lack of gameplay depth.  When discussion arise over whether or not some video games count as art, this game deserves to be right in that argument, as it is, as I said before, beautiful."
,Recommended,237990,18989925,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,✧ GordonRamsayIsAngry ✧,You'll love this game for one simple reason...Rook looks like Aragorn.That reason ALONE should be why you buy this game.
76561198181422335,Recommended,237990,19003035,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Drizzt1138,"Imagine if you took ""Oregon Trail"" and ""Dungeons and Dragons"", mix in some amazingly beautiful art and graphics and a ton of awesome sauce, and you have ""The Banner Saga""."
76561198243426642,Recommended,237990,19302366,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,missinglink,"Well I got this on sale and even though it has some issues in terms of mechanics it's pretty awesome overall.  Well worth the sale price and probably full price for most folks into this sort of thing. The good stuff- the art work is insane.  Love the characters and the landscapes are phenomenal.  The battle system gets a little repetitive but in other ways it's very cool and chess like.As beautiful as the landscapes are the caravan Oregon Trail choose your own adventure stuff gets a little old.   Especially when there is Renown riding on some of it  and this is what you use to level up your characters.  The Renown thing gets pretty old.   Also when characters just leave or die maybe possibly based on said paperback choose your own adventure style ""decision"" and then the resources you spent leveling them up go with them.But you can't argue with how beautiful the game is.  The animation is gorgeous.  The Varl are cool and it is really a pretty relaxing experience to strategize and soak in the visuals."
76561198008531907,Recommended,237990,18892889,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,•҉Ser Lantztech Of The Vale,"Prepare for an epic tale set in a world overflowing with rich lore. The first thing you will notice is the unique graphics - Parralax mapping with multilayers give this mostly 2d game a dazzling view of the landscape as your caravan and followers traverse through a godless and ravaged land. As the game starts up you will be captivated by the beautiful soundtrack that accompanies your saga, As you make your first hard decisions for your band of survivors you will come to the realization this story will remain with you forever, much like the Sun that never sets.I would highly recommend this game to anyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,237990,18988940,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Berric,"Excellent game. I wish I hadn't put off playing it for so long because it provides a very interesting and original story.The gameplay is innovative and requires quite a bit of strategic planning - you need to carefully consider each move and attack you make because just one mistake can result in your defeat. Because of this, almost every battle feels like a desperate struggle. You never feel too overpowered and your heroes are often downed during combat. Despite this, on medium, I personally didn't find the game to be overly challenging as some people are stating - so don't feel dissuaded. There were perhaps less than 5 battles in which I felt that I might lose (but in saying that, I only lost 2).  However, I also didn't find the game easy - it felt just right. I'm sure that the game would be very challenging on hard difficulty.And as far as I could tell (becasue I've only played through once), your choices do matter throughout the game. The game definitely ends abruptly as others have said but this is just part 1 in a trilogy after all. The world and story appears to be very well fleshed-out and I'm eager to learn more about the lore and to find out what happens next in part 2.If you enjoy good story telling, making choices that matter and turn-based strategy then this is a game for you. Think of a fantasy Viking era game by Telltale with strategy battles thrown in and you have The Banner Saga.Can't wait for The Banner Saga 2!"
76561198031774812,Recommended,237990,20261522,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DarkVadek,"A masterful game, which succeeds in having a beautiful artistic style carried by an interesting story with interesting consequences. It is set in a fantasy-Viking world, where the humans and their giant neighbours, the Varls, have created an unstable alliance, tha will have to face the Dredge threat.The turn based combat and the different classes add tactical depth.Great soundtrack!"
,Recommended,237990,19685928,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cometbus,"A gorgeous game, and a new take on an Oregon Trail-esque play style. The art style had me just soaking in the vistas as my caravan moved through many of the areas. Very thoroughly enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,237990,19720812,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Attacotti,"Fantastic. Beautful, haunting and moving. Terrible ending."
76561198070855560,Recommended,237990,19757501,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Shummy,"The Banner Saga is a unique and engaging game.  The art/style is phenomenal, the mood is gloriously bleak, and the gameplay rewards strategy.  It is a must-play for any turn based strategy enthusiast, or any fan of polish and quality."
,Recommended,237990,19807300,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dr. Who,"The Art style is fenominal and the world is glourious in detail. the story is hearttugging and fantastic, absolutly worth it"
,Recommended,237990,19991429,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,elven_ranger,Absolutely Amazing!It's just like fire emblem with western art!Gameplay 9/10Story 9/10Art 9/10Music 10/10
76561198042653579,Recommended,237990,20352910,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,pilsner1842,"Just a few of thoughts after finishing this great game (after about 12 hours)- Beautiful visuals- Battle animations are just gorgeous- The music is beautiful and contributes to the atmosphere of the game a lot- The world map got me - it is huge and detailed (some more back story would help though)- Almost every decision seems to influence the future course of the story, so I will play this game definitely again- The turn based fights have great mechanics (basically lower health means lower attack)Yes, there are some minor things I would like to see improved (like occasional frame rate drops in caravan mode, more spoken dialogue etc.) but considering this was Kickstarter, the result is great.If you like turn based strategies, this game is for you."
,Recommended,237990,20511687,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Houghtezo,"Choose your own adventure with turn-based combat. I really enjoyed the tale, and the animation is top notch. Wish there was a bit more to the supply side, and the combat gets pretty samey by the end, but over all a very good experience.4 long walks /5"
76561198250022478,Recommended,237990,19539838,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,boygenius000,Fantastic.
76561198103480519,Recommended,237990,19740554,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jonny Black,"I cannot recommend this game enough. The art and music are beautiful, and they story and characters feel more alive than most other games. The gameplay is nicely paced, with travel able to be either the most relaxing or most tense moments of the game. The combat is done so simply that I picked it up instantly, but still now have trouble with some of the tougher fights. The only downside is that it is short, about 10 hours if you play it at a fairly standard pace. If you are even considering buying this game, just buy it and you wont regret your decision."
,Recommended,237990,19487600,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Death Fox,I like this game. It's 2d animated and there are giants with regular people. I recommend it to anyone who likes to be around giants.
,Recommended,237990,19739217,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mylo,"This game is simply amazing. a wonderful, broad, fascinating expirience through a world rich in detail and atmosphere. i would say that this is the 2d Skyrim, but just because of the amazing vibe it had. but gameplay its much more stratigic, and its amazing how literally everything you do affects everything else, all the time! the game don't go easy on you, and you must have responsibility for your actions as a leader. anyway, just play it! the storyline is amazing, and the art obviously..."
76561198043272435,Recommended,237990,19677301,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MattyBlue99,Amazing game with great atmosphere and a great story . What are you waiting for? Just buy it!
76561198116709247,Recommended,237990,13378655,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,yjzep,"Medium recommendation.  Not the greatest game, but worth a look, especially on sale.  VERY linear rpg with turn based battles.  The mood, art style, and subect matter/story are fantastic.  It is an obvious mobile port, as by the one large next button on every screen.  While there are choices that affect the game immensly, it still is on rails.  Very old school.  You move without control through the background, and then popups give you text based choices.  All dialogue is with (beautiful) stills (well, they are slightly animated..blowing hair, blinking eyes etc...)  The static gets annoying to me, like one character is a historian/scribe, and every shot of him he is holding a quill as if getting ready to write, regardless of where and when.My gripes of the game come mostly from frustration.  I wanted this game to be so much more.  The management aspect of keeping your caravan going could have had much more depth than the little it did.  The items and upgrades to characters are few.  Basically, to win this game on hard, you need to solve the puzzle.  It is not a matter of sound strategy, but anticipating how the game is programmed to work.  The a.i. is ok, but very robotic.  Also, I am not as big a fan of how they handle turns.  It alternates regardless, unless there is only one enemy left.  if you remove the next enemy to act, it gets replaced by another.  You'd think it was to add difficulty, but you can exploit it as well.  Either leave your eneimies with one or two strength so they take up turns with weak attacks, or go into the battle with 1 unit and move them around avoiding the next enemy mob to act like a puzzle and get all free shots in as they chase you around the checkerboard.All in all, the game has flaws.  I got it for $10, and the art style and narrative is worth a look for that price.  It's not horrible,  but when a game has that much potential to be the greatest game with a deep engrossing story, and they just push out a ""storified"" version of their F2P (but P2W) TBS multiplayer game with over simplified mechanics, it is annoying.   I rally wanted more, especially since I beat the game in under 13 hrs with multiple starts.  Really 8 to 10 hours of gameplay, mostly watching your caravan as days and supplies tick by.Devs, PLEASE do this game justice in the followup.  It needs to be more fleshed out.  More to do.  You fight the same enemies the entire game.  That is fine if there was more to it than watching a cartoon that you need to click thru between identical battles.  Still, I do recommend it because the story and art is really that good.  If it wasn't, I'd give it a thumbs down and 1 paragraph review.  And I wouldn't have beaten it.."
,Recommended,237990,25884095,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kestopher,"The best word I could use to describe The Banner Saga would be, Bleak. I enjoyed my time playing it, but it is like The Road of turn based tactical games. This is much more true the further into the story you get. Times are hard, and that is the point of the game. You have to press on through situations that leave you feeling as if you are just barely hanging on. Pushing through the hardships of traveling to outrun the oncoming scourge that is leaving cities destroyed and people slain in its path.The tactics system was put together very well and I loved the art direction. In battle you have the Varl who are larger and take up more tiles on the board, your archers, your spearsman,  and menders which are like a mage. Each person has a different skill set with different powers and you are able to schedule their turns accordingly. Keeping the big bulky fighters out front to protect the archers and menders. Their is also a shield mechanic that causes less damage to be done the higher the number is. When attacking you can choose to attack the shield or the HP. There are also some special attacks that allow you to damage both. This was an interesting direction to take and I thought it worked really well with the rest of the system.The story has many different routes that can be taken. Some options will lead to more desolate routes while others can keep your caravan full of mead and enjoying themselves on the road. Some choices can kill members of your crew off for good, so be sure to choose wisely if there are characters you highly value. I enjoyed this element of the game very much and loved reading through the dialogue. You jump between different stories following Rook, the cover character, & Hakon the Varl. It gives you a good look into the lives of the different types of characters in this world that you are traveling through.While heading out onto the road you have to ensure that your caravan is packed with supplies and well rested. You can make camp at any point while on the road and rest your soldiers, train, or level up your heroes using renown. You can do all of these things when in town as well, and only in town can you restock your supplies. That is, unless you are lucky in your journey and run into one of many different opportunities to refill your wagons by honest or dishonest means. You need to stay on top of things in order to keep up the morale of the caravan, and trust me that gets harder and harder on this long and arduous journey. Resting, winning, & having supplies should do the trick, but at times that's easier said than done. If you do run out of supplies, be prepared to start losing clansmen & fighters by the day.So although times get dark and the losses get heavy, The Banner Saga shines through with a triumphant story and terrific gameplay. It is all tied together with a very powerful ending aided by some amazing storytelling that I found to be very creative. I played on PC but it is available on all types of platforms. Xbox One, PS4, & mobile to name a few. So there you have it! There is no excuse to not check out The Banner Saga at some point in time, you can even play it on the bus, at jury duty, or while drunkenly perching on top of your roof while the neighbors call the police.For more video game news & reviews be sure to follow the blogHttp://SublimeGameReviews.wordpress.com& follow on instagram & twitter @SublimeReviews"
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,237990,14588819,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,FudoAkira,"Art direction is very cool for this game. The actual part where it's a game is fairly slow and boring, however. Not really a great story or pacing to keep oneself interested. Pick up cheaply, if you are interested."
76561198098025823,Recommended,237990,18882410,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Neria,"Well I just play a little today so...This is what I think for now.I like :_ the music is beautiful_ The game looks beautiful_ I like winter, and viking, and big beardy guy_ The story is ""classic"" but it works._ I like tactical-rpg_ I like have some choiceI dislike :_ the sound... the lack of sound. It feels empty.You Just have the wind... it's just empty... really empty and I feel uncomfortable. You don't even have a sound when your character speaks with each other. It feels weird._ I wish to have more interesting female... for now just one wife, one daughter, one who disappear... yeah. But we have a lot of beardy guy who are just a little too much the same... It's okay. Just I don't always have a lot of empathy for them._ I wish to have a save on my own (or maybe I don't see it)... because I want to keep some people in my team and wasn't sure of my choice and it's more simple if I can save just before the choice (and don't have to read again and again the conversation)._ I want a healer !!!_ Humans are really weak."
,Recommended,237990,27315118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Superior,A role-playing Viking saga.+ Great Storyline+ Choices have consequences+ Design+ Atmosphere+ Storytelling+/- The ending gave me mixed feelings+/- Linear- Choices barely affect the ending.Overall still a great game.
,Recommended,237990,8708128,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Frozen,Played just under 2 hours and i am hooked! A great story so far which is moving at a steady pace filled with detail and your own choices which affects the direction the game is driven. great RPG and turn based strategy elements make this game fun and challenging!
76561198004701225,Not Recommended,237990,17392985,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,van the man,"Bought this because it looked pretty and I like tactical games.2 hours in, really bored. So much plot, so little game.Do I recommend this game...um....I feel horrible saying no to such a beautiful, well presented game, it's a fault of steam's binary system that I've only got yes or no. I'm pretty much on the line.It's a game for a specific kind of person. The emphasis here is on plot and art, plot, and more plot, not on tactical combat. I really enjoyed Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall, and this gameplay is almost entirely the same with tactical combat + read a lot of story + dialog choices. Banner Saga's got more plot:game, and much less detailed gameplay, than those Shadowrun games.It's REALLY pretty. I'm impressed by the art, it's quite a feat, hand drawn combat animations, but I think it's coming at the cost of gameplay depth. I think I'll be finishing it at least, though I might have to force myself.At least they found a way to do dynamic tactical combat without relying heavily on aim% RNG. That's refreshing, in itself."
76561198024706112,Not Recommended,237990,26271075,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Positive Vibration,"Nice game.Very poor interface though. Can't pause, can't skip, can't save."
,Recommended,237990,17032307,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Xerxes,Nice game.
76561197977189830,Recommended,237990,8773640,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,goodolarchie™,"If you want a beautiful RPG experience that harkens to BioWare's early PC games, you won't be let down by this game.  Add one part Song of Fire and Ice (game of thrones), one part Vikings, and one part Ogre Battle and you have this game. About 75% of the game is spent in combat - turn-based strategy that is fairly interesting but don't expect anything as good as Final Fantasy tactics.  The other 25% is spent in the metagame of managing your troops via interactions, across the snowy north.  By that I mean making important D&D style decisions that have a very meaningful impact.Example: You have 700 troops and the enemy number over 1000 in the tree line.  You will soon be surrounded.  What do you do?1 Rush for the next town and try to lose them. (risk losing troops and supplies)2 Charge the enemy head on (engage in turn-based battle) to create a diversion and save some troops.3 Instruct your fire archer to set the forest ablaze to create a getaway. (dice roll, I permanently lost my only archer this way)4 Lead the enemy further into the forest and then light in on fire.5 Order your troops to make a defensive formation.There are also animated interactions on the field and in town, wherein choices you make will have a direct impact on how much money, troop count, or loyalty you will lose/gain.  The game forces you to make tough decisions and there is -NO- returning to a save point, you must live with each crippling lost battle, or bad decision you make.The art is fantastic, as is the storyline.  It's a beautiful RPG in every sense of the word.  At $25 it was really expensive but I wanted to support this dev.  It's easily worth $10 on a steam sale."
76561197969508564,Not Recommended,237990,23045074,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DamnedChoir,"This game has beautiful graphics and a wonderful story, but nonsensical, frustrating and poorly explained mechanics.It feels more like the experience the makers of the game were trying to provide would fit better in an engine of interactive storytelling, but far too often do the mechanics of the game get in the way of actually telling any sort of story.I have quit this game and restarted it several times, coming back for the story, and then leaving because of the game mechanics once again.I just don't have the time or patience as an adult to go through frustration and annoyance this game provides to get to the fun bits."
76561198118186812,Not Recommended,237990,30596194,Posted: 18 March,all,chris.schweinsberg,Trying to run it on IOS X El Capitan 10..11.6 but game stuck in tutorial
,Recommended,237990,22535871,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Eggy,"The Banner Saga has a very entertaining and interesting story.  The graphics suit the game well and also allow it to run on older low spec systems.  The audio and soundtrack are very good and atmospheric.  Some of the tunes are awesome.The armour and strength as damage and also HP is an odd combat system, but is ok to manage once you work out the tricks.  The combat sections are very good but can get repetitive.The interactive story and its choices/impacts was very good and the frustration I felt at having made a bad choice leaves me wanting another playthrough.I found I never realy got a character to a high enough level to use most of the items I found.  Infact all 3 characters that I fed kills to in order to progress all ended up dead due to scrpted events, and the choices I made.  One of which was not all that obvious.At  10 hours to complete my first playthrough it was perhaps not great value for money, but I am left wanting more and will play again so maybe it was."
,Not Recommended,237990,22505595,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Zelmor,"As much as I wanted to like this game, it does fall short and hits its head on the side of the table.Where to start, even? Graphics! I'm not sure why there is a zoom option. It only makes the sprites, which are fixed in resolution, shoddy looking and blurred. The GUI is terribad, really really god awful. Many times, sprites and their HP/SHIELD icons overlap, and you cannot tell who has how much health. Also, I felt that, during marching scenes and the bridge-battle, too many sprites were reused, which created a cheap Habbo Hotel feel to the whole scene. God is in the details, developers!Bugs here and there. Made one of the archer characters completely unusable, as her ability to create an arrow trap locks up the game, and all you can do is to kill the process and start again from the last save point. While on this, the developers are struggling with bringing the game to Linux as a platform to the point that they have decided to drop support in the sequel. Speaks volumes if you ask me. Performance was bad, and memory leaks forced me to kill the game after 40 minutes of gameplay, in the middle of combat, and restart it just to avoid an inevitable spiral to 1 FPS land.I didn't like the resource management in the game. Most of your resources come from the Giants fighting plenty good fights. Then, those resources are spent on food for the villagers, so that your teeny-tiny people do not starve to death. Maybe I should have just let them starve to death and spend the Renown on upgrading my units? I'm not sure there are consequences to letting your villagers die, really, as the whole game seems to lack consequences to decisions, besides in what shape and form you start your battle and whether someone dies instantly/disappears or not. Most choices felt completely bipolar and without much effect on the world or even our own situation. Sometimes you get ♥♥♥♥ed over, but that's about it.Story-wise, I like what they did with the characters. The Norse-myth inspired world they painted does bring warmth to my Norse-mythology tinkering heart. The MAP alone is worth an article on lore and love that pours through it. However, what you get for your money is half a game, a prequel to the end of the world. As it turns out, the developers really liked the basic plot device of Game of Thrones, and the Northern barbarians/obsidian people are being pushed into your people by the possibly terrible, unknown force.All in all, the game feels like a great concept done in mediocre fashion."
76561198014495605,Not Recommended,237990,25093743,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Zorus,"Beautiful, haunting, well written. Bad combat, strange random events (I am always starving, despite buying ALL the supplies at every stop), and extremely linear.If those things appeal to you, its a good game. If you value combat with depth and logic, dislike having rng decide your fate without recourse, and prefer a more open and explorable world (as I do), you'll not enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,237990,14833899,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,deccan,Pros:Stunning art style and animations.Interesting and novel combat mechanics.Interesting premise and worldbuilding.Cons:Lacklustre writing and a storyline that ends abruptly with no resolution.Game mechanics turn out to be not that fun in practice.Completely linear plot progression and choices that turn out not to matter in the least.I really wanted to like this game but on balance its downsides just ever so slightly outweigh its upsides for me.
,Recommended,237990,24108318,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tjStrikk,"I found it to be very relaxing but some say otherwise.Really simple yet engaging, worth a second playthrough too."
,Recommended,237990,18703210,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Seen,Amazing story but still need to finish it. Battles can take a bitlong and decisions can be quite disastrous. But if you are a fan of story and HoM combat its amazing.
76561198006715660,Not Recommended,237990,23881906,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Guderian21,"Combat is basic, but fun.  The do not recommend comes from the frustrating RPG elements.  You make many decisions throughout the game, some with immediate results, and others with no obvious pros or cons until much later.  Unfortunately, there is no logic to the outcome of your choices.  Poor morale, so you choose to celebrate a happy event and take a day of rest?  No morale bonus, but it does cost supplies.  Try to keep your caravan safe by avoiding an obviously dangerous option?  Morale penalty when it turns out that there was no danger.The final straw for me was when a decision I made it chapter two came back to autokill a main character at the end of the game.Your choices definitely affect the story, but not with any discernable pattern, rhyme, or reason.   In the end, your rewards are so divorced from your intent, that it doesn't really feel like you were playing a role in the story at all."
76561197993285128,Recommended,237990,10921444,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,doday,Very neat animation and art style.
76561198027482491,Recommended,237990,8723776,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jolly,The Banner Saga was certainly a memorable game. I enjoyed the game up till the very end; even when my epic journey ended somewhat abruptly. This left me wanting and disappointed that things were left unfinished. All I'd critique is the fact that some of the arms of the characters in dialogue looked awkward on the Varl and how there seemed like there wasn't a whole lot of room to really try out different techniques. I'm somewhat spoiled playing the Fire Emblem series having an around 30-40 hour campaign where this is about 8-15. Overall a good game I just hope there's more in the future and some added strategy elements like terrain.
,Recommended,237990,12036364,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,The Bull,Sweet graphics paired with a non-linear story full of interesting twists and possibilities to choose from. I loved to play each second if it.
,Recommended,237990,8864707,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ass goblin™,"The Banner Saga is a compelling tale following close knit to Norse Mythology. The Viking-esque feel is excellent for the type of story. The cause and effect style to the story really makes the player (myself) think long and hard about choices before rapidly doing things. Slow to start, Chapters 1 and 2 introduce you to the two main stories, which, by the end of the game merge to become one story, which I quite frankly love. The game on normal difficulty, is not hard, but does not baby you past the initial tutorial, some battles, especially the last, can prove to be a struggle, and may cause losses, injuries, or a need to rethink your strategies for later battles. The game is quite... real, it doesn't beat around the bush with the story. It really feels like the end of the world. When you have maybe 350 clansmen, 140 warriors and 60 varl in your caravan, with limited supplies running, you're forced to be conservative at most times and on occasion, be the polar opposite, offensive and assertive, to gain supplies from meek farmers. The characters really interact with your decisions too and tug on how you want to convey yourself as a character to those close to you. All in all an excellent game. 10/10 Gameplay, 11/10 story and I absolutely love the 'cause and effect'-esque mechanics. Nothing like having to really think before performing actions. The replay value is excellent as well, to see how you could play differently to get different reactions from characters, the caravans, or to earn new heroes from placing yourself in more ""immediate"" danger."
76561198102301495,Not Recommended,237990,19495055,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,greengrocer,Joystick interface is a joke. U can not even retrieve the move in the same turn. Do not buy it on PC. Could be a good game for tablet.
,Recommended,237990,21376985,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Senor Dingo,Great Game Only Play Stoned
,Recommended,237990,9449129,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Mamoma,addictive
76561198084129505,Recommended,237990,14683503,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BIGMEANCHIEF,"It's nothing you haven't heard before: the art style is captivating, the writing is not totally unbearable, and the characters are generally likable. Gameplay is super simple and only has the appearance of depth. Most stats boil down to having high health and being in a position to deal the most damange to armor first. I don't feel like my choices had the gravitas as was promised but with the time I put into the game I thought it worth 2 playthroughs to see where some things may go. Ultimately your decisions do not matter in the slightest as far as branching gameplay narrative. I think most qualms with the ending were how it left so many things unfinished. It would have been beneficial to have a Fire Emblem style ending with each surviving party member getting a short glimpse of where their path led after the finale. If you must have closure in a game and a tightly wound story arc, stear clear; the pacing in this game is left wanting. However, this turn-based strategy is worth a romp or two, but only at special sale price."
76561197960359795,Recommended,237990,8826873,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Morbionicle,"fighting gets kinda repetitive after a while, but the characters and the great story make up for it."
76561198056563394,Not Recommended,237990,22731424,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,neuczarny,+Positives+butiful graphicgame atmosphere-negatives-shortboringlinearuninteresting storyterrible battle system
76561198049310351,Not Recommended,237990,19796513,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,wherewolf,"It is very enjoyable, but at $20 on Steam for 12 hours of gameplay, very expensive.  Good story, engaging combat and economic systems, but at that price the game needed to be twice as big.  If the sequels are as expensive then I'll wait untli the price goes down.  At $10 I'd recommend it but for $20, no."
,Recommended,237990,18895860,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bulbasaur,"Great artwork, great storyline and great music."
,Recommended,237990,23937203,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EM,"Love this game! Beautiful story and artwork!I finished it 3 times in less than a week, tried so hard to keep Eigil alive!"
,Not Recommended,237990,23094217,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bragi,Great animation and soundtrack don't make up for boring and uncreative battle system
,Recommended,237990,23149266,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Magical game. Great story. I'd recommend. 7/10.
76561198083546706,Recommended,237990,15793871,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,bonez24andrew,Great game 4/5 Stars.
76561197998212178,Recommended,237990,15646224,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Shadibadoo,"It's like Oregon Trail + LOTR + Walking Dead.So, it's excellent."
76561197981407456,Recommended,237990,10967038,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tooJUICED,"Great art, nice tactical rpg with oregon trail elements.."
,Not Recommended,237990,11630508,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"Boring, bland, mediocre. Nothing to see here, move along."
,Not Recommended,237990,23932376,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ＭＡＮＢＵＮＧＯ,"Everything about this game is beautiful, apart from the actual gameplay.I really got hooked on the choiceful story, but as a game.. It's one of the most bland and weirdest turn-based strategy game that I've ever played.Don't get me wrong here, I like The Banner Saga but not as a turn-based strategy game. This game would do a lot better in another format, perhaps something like the Telltale's The Walking Dead game.I still do recommend this experience to anyone who's interested, but don't expect the turn-based strategy part to be good."
,Recommended,237990,13245832,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[33rd] Skelly,It is too expensive. 6 hrs of playing and you are actually done but still one of the best games i ever played. Worth to buy when sales start!
76561197976108763,Not Recommended,237990,14156140,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Deuce,"Its got interesting gameplay, and nice combat. But there is no resolution in the end and the last battle leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. I would only recommend if it is heavily on sale."
76561198094860729,Recommended,237990,15006312,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ByakkoShenLong,this game taught me not to trust people so easily
,Recommended,237990,10775625,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Destroyman,"Pretty much a must-buy if you love weighty (and diffucult) decision making in your stories. Couple that with a plot that is actually influenced and changed by your decisions, and a great battle system (if you like turn-based strategy) and you get a really great experience.The combat is excellent--challenging, and rewarding--and my only complaint is that there wasn't enough of it. Many of the kinder decisions took you away from battle, so I found myself with long stretches where I wouldn't get to experience the great battle system."
76561197972918580,Recommended,237990,10779463,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Stalbon,"This game is simply fantastic.  It hearkens back to the olden days of strategy games, with brutal combat and in-depth characters, with teeth-gritting choices and a mythic storyline.  The art is some of the most detailed and gorgeous ever to grace a screen, and you will come to care about every character you come across.  Combine this with a rich, moving story and flowing music, and it's probably the best strategy RPG I've seen in over a decade."
,Recommended,237990,10780850,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sharkalanche,"The difficulty of the combat and of even just surviving can make this game stressful, but the amazing art direction and beautiful soundtrack made it immersive enought to actually be enjoyable. Having to choose between items, food, and leveling up, and having to sometimes sacrifice your morals to keep your clansmen safe adds an air of authenticity to this game that I have never seen before."
,Recommended,237990,10816760,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,cisox,"I didn't know what to expect when I bought this game but I'm happy I did. The gameplay, the art direction, and the narrative all come together to make a compelling story and an entertaining game."
,Recommended,237990,10820788,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CREED,Amazing game.  The game play is not my favourite only because strategy isnt really my thing.  But the story and art work is AMAZING!!!
76561198046897680,Recommended,237990,10834031,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Woodsman,I LOVE THIS GAME.I would recommend this game to people with souls.Because it's awesome.
,Recommended,237990,18225359,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Diakoptes,"A lot of fun! It's the Oregon Trail for the modern viking and it's fantastic. Art, turn-based gameplay, story, I can't get enough! I look forward to the next chapters!"
,Recommended,237990,18217464,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,RegalAffe,epic
76561197998460206,Recommended,237990,8747171,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,|SW|Spendo99,Super worth!
76561198001809332,Recommended,237990,8746783,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Heathen scum,Worth it
76561198039463852,Recommended,237990,11748094,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kirkland Langue,"I would recommend playing it through one time, enjoying it that one time, and then set it aside and just remember it as a good, if short, game.  A second play through will probably ruin your opinion of the game."
,Recommended,237990,18732906,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jodhan32,A thoroughly enjoyable game.
,Not Recommended,237990,19827623,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Corpse Eater,"(Didn't complete game)Things I liked- GraphicsThings I didn't like- The story did nothing for me- I felt nothing for the characters- Conversations between characters was dull- Combat was basically me walking over to the enemy and clicking basic attack until they died. I was never outnumbered or came close to dying. Tactics were unnecessary, as were characters' unique abilities- Difficulty was way too easyI was looking forward to playing this game but was unable to get into it due to slow battles. I persevered but there just came a time when I was dreading launching the game as I knew I was in for an hour of tedious boredom."
76561198098012382,Not Recommended,237990,21896971,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MintsTasteGood,The story and world seem awesome but I don't find the mechanics compelling at all.  I really wish this had better gameplay to match the rest of the game.
76561198050668079,Not Recommended,237990,21907405,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sloth-Jaw,"Runs like a parapalegic housefly with spastic eyelids. Game's great if you can get it to work but the frame rate is pretty bad on reasonable hardware. It has something to do with the odd animation the game uses. It's finicky and requires a lot of troubleshooting. Get it if you have a good rig and know how to troubleshoot, otherwise check it out on another platform."
76561197991940839,Recommended,237990,20309290,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JackyG,I dont play turn based combat games.I now play turn based combat games.
,Not Recommended,237990,22353539,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kraken Zer0,"i wish is could recommend this game, but it is too depressing. it gives only the illusion of choice for the story, forcing you into the most awful situations. it would be nice if choices actually affected anything in the story, but they never do. i refused to finish this game on those grounds.the game mechanics are ok for a Tactical RPG, but nothing really remarkable. the other part of the game is Oregon Trail, except all choices are bad.the artwork is nice and the mythos seems interesting. however, the poor muddled storyline consisting entirely of deus ex machina surprises is juvenile at best."
,Recommended,237990,22651910,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Mular,
76561198003951127,Recommended,237990,27885575,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Staos,Try to stop your daughter from dying just to fail at the end simulator
,Recommended,237990,27979449,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Conker,Worth
76561197989704407,Recommended,237990,31194659,Posted: 17 April,all,Ultimate Beta,You can run from the Dredge.But you can never run from the tears.11/10 would cry more.
76561198064667644,Recommended,237990,22496183,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kawaii Potato,Vehi gut oui oui~!
76561198031312929,Recommended,237990,26256922,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,RollinJon,Only an hour into it but I'm hoping for another +40hr; this game is GOOD!
76561198055288469,Not Recommended,237990,22540369,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,mouser010,"Just buy a book if you want to read. This game is 80% reading, 10% watching the screen scroll by as your able to do nothing, and 10% fighting. Its a pick your path game with different outcomes but they really dont mean anything once its done. its a complete waste of your time, you wont like it, trust me. Im not sure what kind of drugs all these people who gave a good review are on, but this game is nothing but a linear waste of time.Horrible"
76561198002567184,Recommended,237990,29007546,Posted: 4 January,all,Björn Thünderfist,"Amazing visuals, great gameplay, 9/10."
,Recommended,237990,28660055,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dogger,"Good game, I'm nice."
76561198037393879,Recommended,237990,28096064,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Shill,Pretty swell.
,Recommended,237990,28087518,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ero,Awesome game!
76561197970787854,Recommended,237990,29100021,Posted: 7 January,all,RightHander,"Fantastic game.Worth buying just for the art and music, best I've seen or heard in a game. Story is just as good.The choices are always difficult and there rarely seems like a ""correct"" choice.Once you start it'll draw you in until the credits."
76561198064082005,Recommended,237990,9603289,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Karakuri,"I'm Japanese, so excuse me for my poor English.I think this game is an attempt to combine art with amusement. Many ""artistic"" games are surely impressive but boring. They are lacking in entertaining players, so I feel as if I am forced to look at abstract paintings in museum. On the other hand, this game offers both artistic beauty and amusement as a game. I feel very comfortable while just watching the caravan moving in the snow. This shows a good example of the genre of artistic games. What's more, I can play this game wtihout buying an expensive video card. Instead of making graphics more real, improving unique expression as a game is more constructive and healthy.Indeed this game has some faults. For example, some heroes are scarecely described and  not attractive (I can't remember who Egil and Eirik are, and can't distinguish Varls) and the system of managing supplies is too simple. But I will buy The Banner Saga 2 because this game was very unique and enjoyable."
,Recommended,237990,10840406,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,supersefie,This was way shorter than I thought it'd be...though I did just binge play it on easy because I just wanted to know the story.  I can definitely think of a few choices that I'd make differently in future play throughs.  ALSO it totally leaves you hanging.
,Recommended,237990,29817230,Posted: 9 February,all,AlmightyLapinou,Beautiful art...Beautiful story !
76561197989491281,Recommended,237990,10199336,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ballee,NICE!
,Recommended,237990,10583354,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BNero,Great old schoold RPG. Can't wait for the second episode!And now the third episode :)
76561197988463169,Recommended,237990,10616887,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bayruun,"This is a story-driven turn-based board-game-esque RPG with a Viking fantasy setting. Because of the way the combat works, this game is pretty tough. Making the right decisions at the right times can save you a lot of trouble. But winning or losing battles aren't quite as important, it seems, as leadership off the field.Choosing who to trust, how to deal with supply issues or disagreements between your followers... that's what keeps your people fighting at their best and gets you through the game. If you're wondering, I totally bungled this and made it through, but it was really, really hard.This game shows that leadership isn't just about tactics and fighting. It's about managing a camp and dealing with diverse people with different goals and fears. It's a gaming experience not quite like any other."
,Recommended,237990,10640501,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Phenotype,"The story seems really interesting, and the art is amazing. However, the combat is mediocre for a TBS game, and most of the choices you make are essentially flipping coins -- there is absolutely no information to distinguish the possible outcomes of one choice over another, and so I didn't feel like I was guiding my tribe as much as I was just getting a random journey by doing my own RNG generation."
76561198032051178,Recommended,237990,10667503,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dystopia.,Unique method of story telling. Important choices. Excellent music and graphics. Gameplay itself nothing that unusual but solid.  You can judge this book by its cover.
76561198008328211,Recommended,237990,10798318,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Radical Tissue Paper,VALHALLLLLLLLLA....Hail the Norse Mythology for it's greatness
,Recommended,237990,10818876,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Terraaaa,Fire Emblem but much colder
76561198039861861,Recommended,237990,10772887,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AlphaCrimson,"Overall impression: An excellent story, but the gameplay has some questionable design decisions.Aesthetics: The enviroments and characters are drawn and animated well in a simplistic, old-fashioned style of animation that I personally like. So no, there are no flashy or high-budget scenes of intense action as most people are accustomed to.Gameplay: The combat system is unique but doesn't work 100% with your characters strength tied to their health; i.e. as you take damage your ability to deal damage decreases. You have plenty of options to avoid fights however. But this goes into the main problem with the game design which is that the same resource (valor) for upgrading your characters is the same one used to buy food for your caravan (and yes you will need lots of it) and for buying items to equip of your characters. This means you have to make the decision between letting your people starve or upgrading them so they don't get clobbered during battles.Story: The story and character development are very good. A warning, however; don't get attached to the characters (like ""A Game of Thrones"" they tend to die often). One final thing to mention is that the ending has a major (and potentially tear-inducing) cliffhanger. Fortunately the developer is working on the next part."
76561198007275895,Recommended,237990,10182978,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Alex_xr,"This game is great, and I can spend hours playing it.   I highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,237990,10776419,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,toni,If you don't own this game I don't know what you're doing with your life.
,Recommended,237990,10551401,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hammerfest451,"Lots of fun. Kinda slow in the beginning, but it does pick up. However, I haven't ever really gotten all that far in it to say whether it keeps on getting better (sadly)...but for what I have played it is a lot of fun. The soundtrack for the game is beautiful and is what made the game for me."
76561198001206822,Recommended,237990,10840220,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Metalfish,"It's a beautiful, gloomy thing is this. The world is ending. You never seem to have quite enough food (and when you do, someone tries to steal it from you), you're under constant attack from angry Aztec stone people and the plot has a rather wonderful habit of killing off your favourite characters.The turn-based fightin' is solid, if a little repetitive due to there being, what feels like at least, only 3 or 4 types of unit for each of the games three races. Each one splits into 3 or so more subtypes, but one annoying slinger unit is much like another. My only real problem with it is that heroes have to get the killing blow in order to be eligable for levelling up, which puts you off using support classes or characters acquired late in the game. Alright, I have 2 other problems: the ""continue fighting"" mechanic in some battles gives no impression what you're going to be up against next, sometimes sending multiple hulking brutes out to meet your already bloodied party, othertimes just a couple of bits of trash and there's an ability gained a good ways in that is really good for accidentally damaging your own team with -it'd be good if the game was a bit better at saving me from my own stupidity there.Somewhat inevitably, when forced to choose between your (somewhat invisible and faceless) fighters/refugees and the needs of your heroes who you actually play as. it's pretty easy to shrug off the starving peasants and take the loot and level-ups. This doesn't mean the game doesn't through plenty of hard decisions at you (it seems to favour pragmatism with a dash of unsentimental hopefulness). The writing is good enough that most of the time things actually feel like your fault, rather than the script/RNG trying to make you feel bad.I'm rather looking forward to the rest of this, since the story ends in a nice place, but with plenty of questions still unanswered."
76561198068199186,Recommended,237990,10841018,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cmd171,"A must buy in my opinion. The story is fantastic, the art style is beautiful, and combat is very fun. i highly reccomend it."
76561197973560088,Recommended,237990,10587113,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mahoon82,"There was a time when I forgot why storytelling was important to videogames (Planescape: Torment, Bastion, Baldur's Gate), but this game helped me remember how important stories are to our culture.  I think we overuse the term ""fantastic"" in modern day society, but this game is a truly fantasy-like creation.  10/10 would viking again."
,Recommended,237990,10787639,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CaptainGriffin,"If you haven't played this by now you must've been living under a rock!  The art is so gorgeous that I had to plug it into my 60"" TV with surround sound to play it.  The soundtrack is both haunting and relaxing but manages to build tension in the right moments.  If I didn't know better I would say this was a game made from a film by a A level studio.  If you like turn based or Viking style mythos or games that play rough with you as a player then spring for this one because it does all of those exeptionally well.  There is just enough different about the combat mechanic to keep it interesting for old timers in the genre as well.  Buy it!"
76561198069732332,Recommended,237990,10829914,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mr bel air,"Very good game. I have had a few bugs on it, such as it wont let me access the market, and now my 6 hours of playing has left me with only 120 Clansmen, 0 Fighters and 0 Varl. But, i did enjoy it and the immersion it sets into play, as every decision has a roll to be played. 7/10"
,Recommended,237990,10690926,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,I L L,7/10PROS:Nice Strategy GameGood Art DesignDecent StoryCONS:Short GameCamera might screw your unit placementSometimes difficult to keep your heros leveled
76561197999797567,Recommended,237990,10778060,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheOctagon,"Tactical turn based game with a bunch of story and decision making thrown in. Kinda felt like the natural evolution of something like Oregon Trail. If you're debating whether or not to get it, the artwork and cutscenes alone are worth the purchase, it's clear the developers put a lot of time and love into their game."
,Not Recommended,237990,18502967,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aargh Tenna,"To me, this game is unplayable on Linux. It has ridiculous memory leaks/performance issues.So, maybe graphics is nice, but what's the point if because of shoddy programming one can't see it. I might try it on Windows, and when I do (may take years) I shall write another review. Until then, not recommended."
,Not Recommended,237990,24499616,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sunset,"I like to play RPG's, dont get me wrong. i bought this game a long time ago, and booted it up, and ive only played it once or twice. each time i play it, i try and tell myself ""Maybe it gets better"" or ""Maybe ill like t this time"", but each time i end up bored, uninterested, and unimpressed. There was way too much hype for this game from the community. This game is more like a story book then it is a game. Infact, its so text driven that you could probablly catagorize it as a text based adventure game and no body would notice the difference. its extremely boring, and it has an equally uninteresting storyline and gameplay. it actually annoys me that i even spent money on this game in the first place."
,Not Recommended,237990,25490905,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Anterk,"I hate this game. A story that occasionally makes no sense in desperation to be depressing. Choices that are 50% right or wrong for no apparent reason and that never resulted in the outcome I was looking for. Pointless numbers for your followers that don't really matter. The camera ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.The turn-based strategy grew on me a little bit. I was never good at it, but it was somehow hard to lose and hard to win. This in itself was intriguing. The artistic design was also quite nice.I took the time to finish this in the hopes that the ending might make the struggle and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t worth while. It didn't."
,Recommended,237990,18560031,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,thunderkiss,"Perfect sound effects, drawings and animations. At the other hand we have a really good and deep storyline. Don't skip it."
76561198043857808,Not Recommended,237990,24283327,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Edubz,"The combat was interesting at first and then became a frustrating chore. I finally won a frusrating battle. Then I clicked the wrong command army option which seems luck and not skill or reason based, suffered a small defeat and was forced retry the entire sequence.I tried to get into this game but it's not worth it."
,Recommended,237990,10341105,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Omeron,"I liked the story and the characters and found the combat to be engauging. What holds back the game is entirely the final boss, up until then i was thinking ""i might even play a second playthrough"", only to have that crushed at the end. The final bosses ability to 1 shot units and regenerating health and armor are flawed in that he regens them when its his turn to move, so the more units you kill the harder he is to kill and the more likely he is to kill your units. What makes him even more frustrating is the story element to the last fight so you cant kill the boss outright and deal with his minions later. The final boss is incredibly frustrating and forced me to reduce the difficulty to easy to stop him from 1 shotting people. Everything said and done theres definentally more story coming and so far ive liked it."
76561198096345108,Not Recommended,237990,17868049,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Roughmatter,"Overrated. I got bored less than halfway through. This game is very repetative, and the story is not nearly as engaging as I had hoped or was led to believe."
,Recommended,237990,24945970,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7.5/10 TJBs
76561198119507517,Not Recommended,237990,29176924,Posted: 10 January,all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,"i really wanted to like this game, but it is just so clearly designed for mobile usage, which would have been fine if it wouldent make me wait for however long it would take my caravan to travel to a curtin location. i did however find the turn based combat the most exiting part. that made the game for me, but really didnint enjoy.i donno mabye i might play it again or some♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198078912484,Recommended,237990,10408759,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Kc40k,"A pretty hand drawn game which looks like what I call ""epic American cartoons""This game has squad based combat along with a bit of managing and PLENTY of choices to make. The story is rather captivating and DEAR LORD, the music is spectacular. This game definitely wrrants a sequel with a cliffhanger ending, but still...If you have spare money: BUY IT"
,Recommended,237990,9497517,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,zel,"The story was great, a bit depressing but great. The turn-based combat had some built-in frustration but still fun. I do wish I could save manually to avoid hours and hours of replaying sections over and over when things went too wrong.all-in-all a great story-driven turn-based game, worth playing."
,Recommended,237990,8772850,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Melopahn,"Gameplay is solid, story is fantastic (norse mythology is the most entertaining by far). It is part 1 in a trilogy so the ending is a big cliff hanger.It has a similarity to Orgen trail, with war on the side. Battles are fought in a tactics style, all parties are viable when used correctly, Unlike most games that claim your actions will affect the story this one actually does.Solid recommendation as the first awesome game of 2014. There were moments when i literally said Awe (or made that noise)"
,Recommended,237990,8765351,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Books McZaddy,"Absolutely stunning achievement of art, storytelling and strategy; a deep, intuitive and rewarding combat system, beautiful art and fantastic characters and plot.Support this game and its developers; they're one of the best to come out of Kickstarter to date."
76561198028511203,Recommended,237990,8905914,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Zenzuken,awesome game
76561198097988883,Recommended,237990,15454995,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Whitty Shizzard,"Buy it, the only game i have ever reccomended after playing various games for years and the only game that i have ever made the effort to write a review for, so give them your money, and enjoy..."
76561197972263910,Recommended,237990,19006585,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Enjoyable story and combat. A bit slow in places.6 / 10.
76561198071689614,Recommended,237990,18930338,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mystic Exarch,"The combat in this game is very slow and tedious, and to make matters worse there is a lot of it. The system uses some different stats that are sort of like a simplified version of an RPG ruleset. While the stat system is really unique it is also pretty boring. You basically just spend half the battle breaking armor and then the last few rounds killing everything. It's really repetitive. Also, the final boss is so easy it must be a joke, especially when compared to how crazy hard the rest of the game is.Another flaw is the game's decision system. You will have to make choices about what your caravan should do. Sadly most of them are really boring because they adjust a few stat values in your caravan that ultimately don't matter too much. There is no emotional impact at all. Sometimes your choice will get a character killed for no apparent reason or by random chance. Seriously some random coincidence that has nothing to do with what's going on will come out of nowhere that gets characters killed. As if that's not dumb enough, if you didn't know they would die and invested all your points into them then your party becomes too weak and you have to savescum. Very frustrating.One thing this game does have going for it is the story. It has a really neat story, some cool characters, and an original setting. It's essentially a viking RPG with some really unique lore. Sadly, there wasn't enough of this in the game. I would have liked to see more of that and more dialouge because those parts are what makes this game shine. However, the good stuff was so few and far between with the game mostly focusing on random encounters and combat.You will notice the developers put a lot of effort and kickstart money into making special banners for backers and a really well fleshed out map. A map that has all kinds of lore info that is mostly irrelevant because your characters never visit those locations. They should have put the budget from that into fine tuning gameplay.One last thing. I wouldn't call this is an RPG. It certainly has some RPG elements but it's more of a tactics game that mixes other genres in as well. It's one of these games that tries to appeal to every gamer instead of focusing on doing one thing really well.That said, it's worth the sale price if you can catch it on sale. It's not a BAD game as there were certainly a lot of mildly entertaining moments. I just don't feel it's worth regular price."
76561197973010957,Recommended,237990,12317420,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,Excellent turn based game with a compelling storyline. I never got very far but I thought it was great game with fantastic turn based combat system.Highly recommened for fans of turn based combat.
76561198028082006,Not Recommended,237990,20265581,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kungadin,"nice idea, not making exactly happy for playing and giving 1 day for try to solve - do i like or not - this game..."
,Not Recommended,237990,32581003,Posted: 19 June,all,SineSwiper,"I really want to like this game.  The game is dripping in style and atmosphere.  The animation is beautiful.  The dynamic between the characters is engaging.But, the main story, the thing that seems to drive everything else, seems like it's trolling you at every turn.  They feed you some crumbs of what's going on, as if it's the biggest plot point, only to bury it as an unimportant detail.  Characters die arbitrarily, and the story choices don't give you any information to go by.  It's just by luck that you might pick the right one.  Or none of them are right, and the game punishes you for no reason.The combat is challenging but inconsistent and unbalanced.  Some attacks do no damage because of the armor, which means you have to wait for the one or two guys who can actually damage him to wander over and attack."
76561198085359459,Recommended,237990,22653678,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ethanfp582,"This is the best boring game you'll ever play.Even though it is a very calming game, it will leave you frustrated with its difficulty, especially if you're a beginner. Fighting is not always the best thing to do in a game like this, and this game is more about surviving, continuing on, than it is about getting OP epic loot.Frustrating, unfair, but beautful, great, great game.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,237990,8930207,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,styl,The backgrounds are well done but the combat is dull. Not enough content here to warrant the price. Buy on sale.
76561198068829856,Not Recommended,237990,32907257,Posted: 27 June,all,Iamtehwin,"Games broken up into multiple games is an awful concept.Aside from that, the game is beautiful and the choices are interesting but the game was just so unfulfilling and simple. Right as I was getting into the game I realized my characters max level is 5 and that I was at the final battle....wth is that. That's not a game and definitely not one that warranted this tactics style battle system.I got the game on sale so it was worth it just for the art and the music but I won't be bothering with the rest of the banner saga."
76561198048512816,Recommended,237990,16413934,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bliss,เล่นเป็นRookแล้วกลับมาดูรูปฉากเมนูดูสิ...แหม่
76561197973034678,Not Recommended,237990,16414345,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,LukeBu,"This game would be very short, if you didnt spend 6 hours watching lazily animated guys walk by large rocks slowly.I was very excited by the combat mechanics, which are fun and great.  The Combat is a great concept, with a simple but interesting take on the do less damage when injured concept.  The choices in the game are all set, so there is no replayability, but these choices do not make you feel like you are even in the group, since the outcomes are often unrelated or problems that should have been avoided.  Then there is a badly designed boss battle, and choosing one of two characters to sacrifice. The game ends.  there is no resolution, it is just setting up for a sequel to a game that was not long enough, and not compelling enough.Pros+great art in battle+cool world setting+Fun battle system+varied classes+multiple winning strategiesCons-Choices are not fulfilling in any way (no reward for most choices)-Reused walking animations playing for hours-End battle mechanic is stupid, just attack the boss and no other enemy can move.-Ends abruptly when it was priced as a full game not the first part of a 3 part miniTLDRWhile the battles redeem it somewhat, the other mistakes made in making this game bring it down pretty bad."
,Recommended,237990,9916160,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Kitten Food,"just awesome strategy, deep storyline and great artistry. one of the most original games i've ever played."
76561197998836042,Recommended,237990,14968846,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,TonyShoes,This is one of my favorite games artistically - and the soundtrack is fantastic. I listen to it often out of game while at work. Yeah its a somewhat linear - but so what? Not every game nowadays has to be open world and open everything. Enjoy it for what it is - and quit complaining about what its not.
,Not Recommended,237990,24375419,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Cartof,The Banner Saga has stopped working.. Quite buggy this game.. Also its pretty hard on Normal mode.. Meh.. nice graphics but.. Also overpriced.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVIvHH0uJbA
76561198001668419,Recommended,237990,23550611,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CapFox,Sunless
,Not Recommended,237990,33300759,Posted: 5 July,all,NinjaPirateCat,"Had some good aspects but the story was boring, gameplay wasn't explained well."
,Not Recommended,237990,33310619,Posted: 6 July,all,telesien,Way too simplistic combat rules. Game not fun enough to make me want to explore the story deeper
,Recommended,237990,19725974,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DarkMavrik,"Fantastic indie game, was very challenging and exciting though short game if you play straight through. Battles are enganging for sure."
,Recommended,237990,17164777,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198121480408,Recommended,237990,33440571,Posted: 10 July,all,fgryphon,"Oregon Trail meets Fire Emblem*. Plus it's got Tieflings**.*I've never owned eiter of these games, but I've played lik 30 minutes of each so I'm totally qualified to make this statement.**there are no Tieflings."
76561197992670684,Recommended,237990,22271174,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Shane Coonan,Beautiful! Amazing! You want to hear the pros? Buy the game and find out! Looking for cons? Find another game!
,Recommended,237990,21635643,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Faceplant,"Short, but beautiful."
76561198091104548,Not Recommended,237990,18961136,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mishayatsevitch,"Prior to its release I had already logged a fair number hours in Banner Saga: Factions and I was pretty excited for Banner Saga to drop. There was so much that Stoic had done right with Factions: The artwork was beautiful, the setting and thematic design was origanal and refreshing, the combat engine was decent and the rudementary leveling system showed promise of creating a wide range of tactical options.But the key here is that I enjoyed Factions because it did a good job of challenging me to think creatively about solving strategic and tactical problems. As I acquired new assets I got to play around with new and different approaches to certain classes of problems and as my opponents matured I had to constantly adapt to every new challenge they threw at me. Every time I logged in it was dynamic, it was fresh and it was fun.I wish that this review didn't have to be a simple thumbs up/thumbs down. There is still so much good stuff that Stoic has brought to the table with this release. The world that they create is captivating and the artwork is exceptional. When it comes down to it though I just can't say that this game is the game I had hoped it would be... It just isn't fun.There are too many constraints. The developers have over emphasized the story in this release and there just isn't any reason to pick this game up again after you've beaten it. Too often, when they stop to try to give you the illusion you have a choice there really is no choice: certain actions just don't pay off and too often there is always a right answer. In reality this isn't so much a game as it is a storybook.I sincerely hope that the developers get back to what they had done right with Factions and develope that further. As far as I'm concerned I'm not interested in pursuing this series any further."
76561198012219316,Not Recommended,237990,22572289,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Neb Greenfox,"The animation seems great, but they really went cheap with the voice acting. I'm sorry but i don't care how compelling the story is, I don't spend my free time reading, because all i do otherwise is read and study for college. If your a college student who is tired of reading and studying dont expect to play this and unwind. Im just so disappointed because the animations are amazing but the lack of voice acting is a killer for me. Don't buy this game unless you don't read at all. If that is the case than maybe you need to read this video game. But me i read enough during the school week no thank you."
76561198051554076,Recommended,237990,8743677,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TaxiFareMeter,My playthrough of Banner Saga in a nutshell and what i thinkHairy men with beards+ Gorgeous art+ some bad decisions i made+ Pieces of Dragon Age Origins of lore and story+ death= Banner SagaRecommend
76561197968014529,Recommended,237990,10248099,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,{Op4}Havoc,"Banner Saga sports a animation and color vibrancy that reminds me of Bahski's Lord of the Rings. The art style is a very strong draw in a time where camo, greys and washed out colors are the standard.Along with the great art style it has a fairly decent story riding along with it, there are a few ""Oregon Trail"" like decisions you have to make along the course of the story and people you can lose but all this adds to what draws you into the game. Combat is grid style like your XCOM, Ogre Tactics etc it plays rather nicely as units each have capabilities which combined can decimate you enemy in a matter of minutes or if used poorly have the same high powered team defeated or leave the field barely intact.Specifc artstyle, gameplay and musical score which you never really notice while all three are in motion but sounds pretty epic on it's own.4 out of 5 Chiliwigs"
,Recommended,237990,16004191,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,Fun Game...I wish they had more.
76561198012996209,Recommended,237990,9189644,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bushfire,hope the ending isent the end cause if it is.fail
,Recommended,237990,12978369,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,hypes057,great game****
,Recommended,237990,8989182,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DU-wang,I cry evrytim
76561198116384875,Recommended,237990,33876251,Posted: 29 July,all,Deadwaste,its a good game-rando steam user
76561198013256647,Recommended,237990,19114799,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,"It could be a lot better if things are actually predictable.The plots are often too deliberated.And choose to fight is always better than command from behind, why? Income.Still, I dont want to disencourage people from playing it."
,Recommended,237990,15198151,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Wizzard Jagji,"The Banner Saga is a game that has 2 things. And interesting take on turn based combat, and a well written story.It also has feels. Depending on how you play, you might not end up with many feels, but you should be warden. They are there, and there bad.I should also point out that the game has more story choice than combat. I think there are maybe 10-15 times you fight, more deepening on your own choices. That’s the nice thing about this game. Its an RPG at its core. Not a RPG in the normal since, but one in terms of story. You roleplay how you want your whole game to play out simply from your choices.  You make a choice early on in the game, and it might come back to bite you or benefit you latter on, so choices DO matter, even if you think it wont, it dose.TL;DNT:DEM FEELS. 11/10 IGN"
76561198064482227,Recommended,237990,15463835,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,americajuana,"very cool game , good prce !"
76561198174409317,Not Recommended,237990,22181912,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,thundor,Not as great as I tought it would be.  Gameplay is ok....but most of the time I sat watching the group march.  Most of the game is marching...*yawn*  Atleast the story is enjoyable.
76561198006656405,Recommended,237990,10998708,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lord Laramee,"Beautiful art style, great gameplay, a story that will get you hooked into the action. My only complaint is that the ending is rather abrupt and it can be very hard to follow along with the action."
76561198002649724,Not Recommended,237990,23440388,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MetalHealth,"If you wish to enjoy this game, DO NOT take Onef. I say this not as a spoiler but because I was enjoying this game until Onef happened and I will not play any more."
,Not Recommended,237990,17271806,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,simbox97,"It's a very sloooow game, choices have no-impact as much as devs would tell you (you will gain food and soldiers or you will lose food and soldiers).The story it's pretty good but the battles are very well made and are funny.DON'T BUY for 20€, maybe think to buy it for 5€.And, you will notice immediately that is a porting from a mobile app..."
76561198141644107,Not Recommended,237990,16854242,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,UsulMcUsul,Storyline is extremely linear. Combat takes a little long and isn't much fun. I feel jerked around when the character I'm playing is suddenly changed.
76561197962238151,Not Recommended,237990,16779246,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,JazzCorner,"Combat is alright but the story was confusing and not engaging from the beginning, it kind of lost me from the first moment, where I was thrown into this world without any good reason or explanation..."
76561198007977062,Recommended,237990,19062966,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Blargle Wargle,"Well, other than a final boss fight that has one pretty big unfair element, and an overall too-sudden ending, I really liked it. Purdy gurd."
76561198071818184,Recommended,237990,33218110,Posted: 3 July,all,JR,"In a game culture that is saturated with copy-cat games and straight up ripoffs, this game is refreshing and unique.  I don't own another game like it.It's a unique experience, heavy on story telling and decision-making.  Loss, pain, and tough decisions are main elements here, but are offset by such a beautiful game.  The hand drawn illustrations paired with the simplicity of the UI and the scrolling make for a relaxing, yet engaging experience.  I highly recommend buying it when it's on sale.  I am sure it's worth the full price, but for a limited, roughly 12 hour experience, around $10 is very fair.  Oh, and the music and atmosphere?  Incredible.  I don't normally like turn-based games, but this was excellent."
76561198083653417,Recommended,237990,23012158,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Father Extreme,"Amazing Game, be a ut i ful"
,Recommended,237990,14783235,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,One Pump Johnson,This is a pretty good game with a three part story and amazing art design. I would recommend it to everyone.
76561197993288786,Recommended,237990,14766674,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Invest,"This game is an absolute masterpiece in gaming! Unique, surprising and so beautiful!"
76561198093818681,Recommended,237990,14780874,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DoesEnglish,"This game is amazing. The story is amazingly written, the combat is fun, the art is amazing, and the soundtrack is excellent. All around game."
76561198020643592,Recommended,237990,14782571,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jacomus,"I enjoyed it for the great story (and the hard choices you have to make along the road), for the greatly drawn graphics and compelling music, and the solid gameplay (turn based strategy RPG). All together a very nice game."
,Recommended,237990,14786958,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Manggioni Mangoni,"I've seen several valid complaints about choices not mattering or the combat system being a little wonky, and if those things bother you then you might want to pass. If you do, you will be missing out on a beautiful story with characters that really make you feel. The game can be harsh, some of it is a little odd, and it isn't perfect, but for the price it gives you a really satisfying play through, and I am looking forward to the sequel(s)!"
76561198043736513,Recommended,237990,14768906,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,<^GX^> Lonewolf5d,"Mind blown, i love this game."
76561197996052229,Recommended,237990,8713032,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,conarisateur,Really beautiful and pretty good so far!
,Recommended,237990,8712620,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jean Claude Van Doom,Incredible.
76561198040305040,Recommended,237990,15126916,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Witches and Beed,It's awesome
,Recommended,237990,26698977,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,McBriDE,"Reminds me of a combination of Dungeons and Dragons, Heroes of Might and Magic, along with the Oregon Trail..."
,Not Recommended,237990,35038654,Posted: 17 September,all,Amor Fati 117,"The art is very nice, but it was so easy and shallow even I had no trouble fully grasping the mechanics within the first hour or so of playing. The decision-making sequences are also simple and scarce. I hope that the sequel continues to improve on it because it does seem to have potential, but it likely won't happen if the developers are looking at companies like Telltale Games."
76561198093917201,Recommended,237990,24027345,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ash,"Amazing game, got it on sale bundled with The Banner Saga 2 and the OST's."
,Recommended,237990,22189603,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Pretty graphic, good tactic games, the story gets you in the feelings. Would play again!"
76561198046013762,Recommended,237990,22495218,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,sempai makes me go doki doki~,it's like Oregon trail with vikings 10/10
,Recommended,237990,14407388,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,I refuse to improve.,"The Banner Saga is masterful cross between Oregon Trail and XCOM, with emphasis on the former.  It was developed by former BioWare developers that were funded via Kickstarter, and both these features show.Right away, the level and quality of the animation is top-notch.  Combined with the music and sound design, I half-wish that the developers had just opted to make a long movie or multi-part series instead of a game.  I feel comfortable saying this because while the world is one I want to explore, there's no exposition.  Most characters give their entire story upon meeting them, and only one or two really reveal anything new by the end.  The dialogue they have and the friction between some heroes causes a story, but it's all leudo-narrative that eventually amounts to nothing.There are three ways in which gameplay exists.  The trail, via decisions, dialogue at places you visit, and in battle.  The first two occupy the same vein perhaps, or one is the vein and the other the artery - both serving the same funciton in different way - but they require different mindsets.  The battles are fine, but the system they have is flimsy.  I fully expect a rework of the battle mechanics in their sequel which has been announced.  All units have health and armor.  Taking a hit to your health reduces your damage, and damage is calculated by first considering armor, then the difference in health.  Units have special abilities that you never fully utilize.  The game is over before you can take advantage of everyone, and you might end up leveling across the board instead of specific characters.  However, each battle was exhilerating from the onset, and I did get better at predicting things over time.  There's just no way to anticipate each battle before hand, as there are too many random factors.  You have to decide which troops you're using before you see the placement of the battlefield or even what you're facing.  That's fine for a game like XCOM where this is negated by varying battlefields and cover, but The Banner Saga doesn't have this.I'm very interested in playing the sequel to this game.  I feel it'll be done much, much better than the first.  All things considered, if you're a fan of strategy games akin to XCOM and enjoy a game where you decisions have a direct impact on the gameplay, but not the story, this is right up your alley."
76561198014399536,Recommended,237990,16472055,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Finster,"I'm a fan of turn-based games back to Warsong (Langrisser series) through Westnoth, Tactics games, ect.... This was more brutal than all of the others, and much more story driven. It provides a unique and enjoyable experience. Don't play trying to max you characters advancement and income; just play to survive."
76561198069991704,Recommended,237990,22523004,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,The Safari Man,Overwhelmingly emotional at times. Combat is a little lackluster but not bad. Worth it for the story alone.
,Recommended,237990,13729955,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Yarg,Masterpiece! So epic plot and innovate battle system.
,Recommended,237990,26321941,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,chango266,"i really enjoyed this game, more than i actually though.  ive had my eyes on this game since i heard about it and waited to get it on the steam halloween sale. i went into this game open mindly. when i first started the game the artwork stood out imidetly. this game is a nice casual game. very basic, something to help pass time if you only need one hand like me due to a fresh tatoo. i would compair this game to a visual book where you create your destiny. kind of like ''The Oregon Trail'' video game. at first i thought it wouldnt really matter the choices i made but i was wrong. banner saga really made the adventure come alive with random events when your on the trail. i felt i was playing a very basic tactical game. it was nice. now the gameplay during combat was a little confusing coming from xcom. do when it comes to your health/dps. well its both in one. say you have a guy with 12Stregth (health/dps) when you take damage your strength will go down and do will your attack. and armor works as a burrier where if you hit for 12 and the armor level is 9 only 3 will go through with a  handicap. after i got that it was cake. the end of the game i had a few redos. after 3 times i got it. great game 10/10"
76561198004538907,Recommended,237990,24457608,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,dds2500us,a beautiful heartbreaking addictive game great story good art
,Recommended,237990,12081703,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,sumotsunami,"The story telling was masterful and the choices matter, and sometimes they hurt really bad. Most games don't hurt like this. It makes it compelling, and the choices end up mattering, and frustrating the player. It's real and gritty. Superbly done. I look forward to more."
76561198049972289,Recommended,237990,29130109,Posted: 8 January,all,prostate tickler,l
,Recommended,237990,15117644,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,9/10
76561198012160186,Recommended,237990,13264002,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,"A really wonderful game with pretty graphics, wonderful music and an ACTUAL PLOT/STORY!!!The gamplay is a mix of Oregon Trail and Blood Bowl.  You actually care about the characters, try to make morale choices while keeping your peeps alive and the choices in battle will make or break you.One minor complaint -- While the story is great, it's a Viking lore.  It's a little hard to take on at first because it's like BeoWulf on meth, but once you stop trying to pronounce certain names, you'll be good."
76561198008335018,Recommended,237990,16008957,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ironsights,"With good art and engaging, if simple, tactical game play this side scroller is well worth a few hours of your time. Choices in game matter, and the game holds elements of RPGs and tactical turn based combat.Fun game."
76561198026838065,Recommended,237990,22303625,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Kirknel,20 hours game time and a fine story.
76561198012305241,Recommended,237990,22308446,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Xaby,"The Banner Saga is a step in the right direction for strategy games, with a very deep system revolving around just a few equally important stats. With each stat and each class feeding into one another, no stat or class is without its merit and there is no wrong way to build your team, though there are certainly plenty of opportunities to use them incorrectly. The game is so finely tuned that any misstep can send you inexorably down the wrong path during battle.If you are looking for a well-polished, challenging, strategy game with beautiful art and animations, this is the game for you!"
76561198023598497,Recommended,237990,22331322,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MourningStar,The ONLY thing I dislike about this game is that the desktop icon looks as if it is always selected telling me to play it.
76561197998685215,Recommended,237990,22332105,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,{SOAP} Roxanne,This is one of the most engaging games I have ever played.
76561198011449638,Recommended,237990,22332740,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Bertzilla,"I had this game on my watch list for some time, but never actually committed to buying it because, although the reviews were quite good, it just seemed too much of an odd-ball game to commit to. Boy was I wrong. Just goes to show you that you don't need graphics card choking high-end visuals and state of the art 3D to make a stellar game. The folks at Stoic have proven that a good epic story, combined with decision making that gives you very unexpected outcomes, and an Archon chess like combat system, (Google it!) can actually be uncannily entertaining. The graphics, although 2D in nature are put to exceptional and very creative use, to give a visually rich playing environment. Music is excellent and ties in well with the mood of the game, although a little more voice acting would have been a nice touch. Play it on normal and you are sure to be challenged, and at times just a bit frustrated, but in a good way. I was able to start playing it on my high end Windows PC, and then finish it on my 4 year old MacBook Air, with no change in look or even performance. Steam’s Cloud synchronization even gave me the ability to just continue playing where I left off. A true gaming outlier that will not disappoint. Enjoy."
,Recommended,237990,22334349,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rush,This game is great.
,Not Recommended,237990,22558319,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Scrubpuppy,"It's decent if you like games with no saves. Story is decent, but the no saves thing is annoying as you slowly lose characters you liked with nothing to do but go back and play again. Only way I'd reccomend it is if you can get it on sale. Got stale pretty fast and I was just wanting to get it over with by the end."
,Recommended,237990,8885060,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Grizzlygears,Its just amazing
,Recommended,237990,23766978,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mr.convey,"So pretty, so much atmosphere. Such a good game!"
,Recommended,237990,23808152,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Squidward,"I bought this game after reading many positive reviews.  Instanly when i started up the game, i was met with beautifal graphics and music.  As i progressed along the game, i fell in love with the characters or despised the character.  The story is easily the best part of the game along with great grid-based battles and tactics.  Every choice you make has a chance of stabbing you in the back or aiding you greatly along the journey.  All in all, i loved the game.10/10would ♥♥♥♥ again"
76561198039084215,Recommended,237990,28352960,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,De Luca - InvestGames,InvestGames:https://investgamesblog.wordpress.com/- BLOGhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvDyLS4_kwbz8gYallU5g- YouTube
76561198023191104,Recommended,237990,15451859,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Charb,A masterpiece.
76561198204309996,Recommended,237990,34067520,Posted: 6 August,all,Engin Mert,I think this is modern version of the heroes III. I really like it.
76561198018881309,Recommended,237990,34181284,Posted: 11 August,all,MacBradaigh,A great game with a great story.
,Recommended,237990,34097110,Posted: 7 August,all,Wololo,"Good gameplay, great art."
76561198096726452,Recommended,237990,34158081,Posted: 10 August,all,ShooptheWoop,"I felt like i had made the wrong choice in every decision, and the combat was brutal to the point of near impossible.10/10 would buy again."
76561198164869142,Recommended,237990,34725646,Posted: 3 September,all,Frogg,"Delicious hand-drawn animationTasty soundtrackSpicy storyJuicy battlesAnd savory vikings to boot!Everything I want in a buffet, er..., I mean a game"
76561197997510829,Recommended,237990,13143674,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,clanss,"I've got it for $5, and it's definitely worth that :)"
,Recommended,237990,26795543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bicho117,I N S I G N I A
76561197972325642,Recommended,237990,14099704,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,King Banhammer,"So, this is what happens when a complex story-driven Viking-inspired tactical RPG and Oregon Trail have a baby.I definitely encourage this one for anyone who likes a detailed story (with definite consequences for choices), and tactical combat."
76561197993002732,Recommended,237990,19922828,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ORAA,Only if you are Wothy...Good game 7/10
76561198053370364,Recommended,237990,30816402,Posted: 29 March,all,haydenkiller,good game yes
76561198004913329,Recommended,237990,8833696,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Happy Merc,Oregon trail meet final fantasy tactics had a wonderful first date soon got married and had this beautiful baby. The in-depth combat of final fantasy with the decision making of Oregon Trail a fantastic game. Would recommend it to anyone who hates Hitler.
76561197976196833,Recommended,237990,23862755,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dmiduncan,Love this game. Became one of my favorite game stories ever.
76561198014940948,Recommended,237990,13708358,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ysleen,"Very nice art direction, sound, music, tactical choices in battle, nice story (even if during the first minutes, it seems a bit cryptic...).Refreshing game, with meaningfull choices to make"
,Recommended,237990,8851125,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Yoko the Joko,"The team at Stoic nailed it, and as a fan of RPG and strategy games, I can't thank you guys enough for this release.If you like dark and dynamic storylines that are well-written, this is the game to get. The visuals and soundtrack alone are worth the purchase, but this game also delivers on its skill-tree and battle system. Also, I've made some bad decisions in Hard mode, and I'm definitely feeling the consequences, so be warned!It's refreshing to see this kind of caliber come out of an ""Indie"" game studio, and it couldn't have come at a better time."
,Recommended,237990,12558700,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,GuyJeb,"Absolutly loved it. Ended up playing 4 run throughs, including the most difficult setting (which actually makes the game easier, since you experience/level up faster due to more enemies spawning, as long as you can win.)Great Turn Based system + excellent storyline. Cannot wait for the next one Stoic Produces."
76561198133388057,Not Recommended,237990,11088555,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[aCe]Sonata,cant enter fullscreen mood.games quit on its own etc..the firtst game on steam i have this much trouble with..tried support no help there..sendt in some files..got reply 1min after all codes seems fine..thanks alot...so my experience this guys ripped me of.and i personally cant recomand due to my case..so this is a company i avoid in the future!
,Recommended,237990,24313986,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,George Foreman Grill,very nice
,Recommended,237990,28503726,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Trash Wizard,"Summary:  This game is a masterpiece and a must-play for fans of tactical RPGs and unique story-driven experiences.The following is reposted from what I said about this game on Facebook & Tumblr, so some of it is a bit out-of-date, but it should be sufficient to tell you how awesome & nearly perfect this game is :"" Nerd alert: I just need to take a minute to brag one a game I just finished that happens to be one of the best I've ever played in my life. The Banner Saga is an incredibly good RPG & work of art. I could barely pull myself away from it. I'd gone to the gym (IRL) every day for the past several weeks until I got this game. It was pretty short, though; I beat it in just a few days. I don't see that as a bad thing; when a game is this engrossing, I need to be able to finish it so I can manage to do something else with my life before too long! Plus, way too many games are only incredibly long because they're padded with countless pointless battles that are both irrelevant & that have no impact on the story & that get old before the game is through. This game is not like that. Everything about it is captivating from beginning to end. The story is incredible, as is the art & gameplay. It gave me chills at one point, & the ending (that I got) was surprisingly moving. The choices the player is forced to make are some of the most meaningful & well-written I've ever seen in any game of any kind, & it all seems especially relevant now seeing as it's a game about leading a group of refugees from war (although it's also about much more than that). I'd like to play the sequel soon because I have to know if the world is ending & why or why not & what the heroes can do about it & what happens to them & how. It's too bad I'm only just now finishing the first one now when Obsidian's new isometric CRPG Tyranny is coming out in like 8 days! I'm pretty picky, so I usually don't know of this many games I'm so excited about at once! ""& I don't give such high praise very often.  This has got to be one of my top 10 favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,237990,19020258,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,sufi,Excellent game. Definitely one I will be playing through several times.
,Recommended,237990,19029528,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,lartestpartout,"Nice game, not my favorite, but gorgeous art oh man"
,Recommended,237990,19033695,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Razhil,"""Never trust a man who talks behind a helmet"""
,Recommended,237990,19043666,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Bon,good storynice11/10
,Recommended,237990,13698484,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rain,"I highly recommend buying this, especially if you are on the edge while it's on sale.This is a fun, well-polished strategy game, has an interesting story, and looks gorgeous. I have almost no gripes about it, truly enjoyed playing through it a couple times with different character decisions."
76561198063906669,Recommended,237990,16229079,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,decomposedbrain,"Well, the game has beautiful art style. The game mechanics is simple, but interesting, and tactical part is good enough for passing the game three times.The most part of story is good, except some very strange dialogs. May be russian localization problem, there is not sense between sentences in some of them.The main characters are well written. Gunnulf is the best! Or stop, he isn't main. Don't matter, Gunnulf is the best!So, some of other characters is pretty good too.The game has a lot of events and ""moral choices"". Thanks universe, all of it affect gameplay or I just want to believe in it.So yes, I recomend this game.But the game has one significant fail. I mean the latest choice. And It is absolutely implausible.Of course, every loving father wants see how his daughter dies. No doubts.This choice ruins everything: the character, the logic (I had another two archers at this moment,  one of them was the best in this story) and evolution theory. It is so ""Bioware"" style."
76561197988405778,Recommended,237990,13326510,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Шιиτегмuте,"This game is poor love. Love for the vikings lore, love for the turn-based tactic genre and dont get me even started on the gorgeous artwork. But while we are here, the graphics are by far the best i saw in a game this scale and production value, all the elements are perfectly rounded. The battles are hard but fair, via the Strenght/Defense based damagesystem it got a nice little twist in the basic strategies. All in all i have to say one of the best indie purchases i made so far. It stands up there with titles such as FTL, Blackguards and even Divinity: Original Sin (which is one of my favorites). Definite Buy if you like turn-based games and vikings."
,Not Recommended,237990,8713737,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,iliekP3aches,"The Banner Saga is a beautiful game that is not only an artistic marvel, which in itself is a rarity these days, but also a well crafted turn-based strategy. I find myself attached to many of the characters, especially when a poor turn of fate takes them from my caravan. It says something when a game like ME3 can't get me to care about a character over the course of an entire game when The Banner Saga has me on the edge worrying about every single one of the characters' fates within moments of meeting them. That said, TBS can very unforgiving during combat as well as the caravan and battlefield decisions. I can't help but wonder if there was a better choice so save the lives of my men and varls. If only they put more voice acting in the dialogue scenes then I could love this game more.Update:So I finally get BS2 and decide to replay through all of BS1. Can't say it's as good as I remember it being. Now that I've had time to mill over the game I realize it builds up so much, but just leaves you feeling disappointed and relieved it's over. The strong narrative is there, but everything is punishing. Many times you are punished at random for decisions, not completely knowing the context of the universe. There are rarely any context clues to help you on your way. Reknown can easily be wasted investing in a character that dies off. And a lot of them can die off.Battles can swing very fast, usually against you. Certain units and Dredge summoning can quickly turn a winning battle into a losing one. The final battle is especially guilty of this sudden turn in outcome. Just a really painful two part battle where you have extreme disadvantages. The leap in difficulty, even if you play on easy is crazy. I managed to scrape by on normal thanks to following a guide to maximize my party levels and dedicating certain chars to roles.Depressing stories and difficult games aren't inherently bad. But they have to make it so the player feels responsible for their actions. Otherwise you just have a frustrating game that you want to stop playing. The double whammy BS throws at you: dark, depressing story with seemingly unfair gameplay can easily turn you off from playing."
76561197978454468,Recommended,237990,12392489,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Imnuktam,"The storyline and artwork to this were done really well. The big drawback to me was the combat which i didnt find all that exciting. You play as two seperate factions, the Giants who seem to be on easy mode, they always have plenty of food and morale and smash the enemy in combat easily, and the humans who seem to be constantly on the verge of starving with poor morale and much harder in combat to get by with. All in all it was a fun game that i would reccomend, i just hope they make combat more exciting with the next one, and they dont make you choose between the cool item or feeding your caravan ;)It used to have an issue with resolution, but seems to have been fixed as of the date of this review. I bought a 4 monitor that used to display as a tiny box in the middle of screen of with no option to change, but seems so far has to have been fixed in a patch. Will update this review if after playing for a while i find this is not the case.If everything works smooth i would definitely suggest buying this and the sequel. After posting my issues recently on this title that has been out for years i was met with a dev response that the issue had been fixed faster than i could Download the game.Buy it, enjoy it and be glad of des like this title has which are few and far between, compared to the ones that just want to grab your cash and dont care about your opinions since your cash is already in their pocket.I am going to add Banner Sage II to my wishlist after writing this and grab it on sale when it comes around, in hopes it offers as a good a story as this one did."
,Not Recommended,237990,29830968,Posted: 10 February,all,Phoenix Wrong,"Before even considering buying this game, I will give you a warning: If you got really interested in how the tactical battles were designed, you WILL be let down by the end of this game.While I can't blame the developers for the cliffhanger on the huge TEASE that was Banner's Saga 1, since they announced from the beginning that this game would be a trilogy. I can still complain about the way they handled tactical battles because that's one of my main grips about this game. Up until the end of the first game, almost every battle introduced a new mechanic, or some new tactic to use in battle. When I reached what I later found out to be the ending, I thought the tutorial was finally over, and the real interesting battles would begin, and that's what happened... for about 3 fights... then it ended... Come on.And ending like that felt like a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥block, and it ended looking like the entirety of Banner's Saga 1 was just a big tutorial for a new, better game. With that kind of approach, you have 2 options for a sequel, you can either:a) Begin a whole new tutorial for Banner's Saga 2, because maybe you added new features, maybe you have to take into account new players or people who waited several months to play the sequel and need to learn again. Alright, now we get another huge tutorial, that will probably end just as the game ends again, just like the first game, making people like me feel unsatisfied, orb) Start the game assuming people played the first game and know everyting about the tactics and gameplay. Alright, now your first game is just a huge unnanounced tutorial, diminishing all the value of the progress made in the first game. ""It was just a tutorial, stupid.""Both are not good ways to make the player feel satisfied with your gameplay. And that's sincerely what happened to me. I was completely let down by that in the first game, and can't bring myself to play the sequel, since they are probably using solution (a) or (b), and that's just bad. You have t make the gameplay of your game self-contained between games, while also giving the player a chance to really apply them, not give 2 tutorials, or make the entirety of the first game a huge tutorial.They may have had the best of intentions while developing the first game, but it still feels really crappy to do that, and I am amazed no one ever mentioned how the final battles felt really lackluster during the game's development.Oh, and if my play time didn't clue you in yet, this game is too shot for a tactical game. And since this is an episodical release, you have almost no reason to being a new game, unless you want to override your previous choices."
,Not Recommended,237990,29236617,Posted: 13 January,all,HypnoJuice,The vast majority of play time is spent in the highly repetitive and bland combat system. The story is sparse and spread thin inbetween mostly meaningless decisions and battles.
,Not Recommended,237990,31040573,Posted: 9 April,all,nefferinthia,"The story is cryptic and badly explained, causing me to not feel very immersed. The characters are all pretty one-dimensional and I couldn't bring myself to care for them. The gameplay felt illogical with how you had to leave characters alive but at low health for the greatest success and it became a drag after a while, but worst of all, your choices do not matter.I wanted to like this, but it just falls flat on every front. Back to Fire Emblem it is."
76561198000592788,Not Recommended,237990,10104377,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,freefall,"This is by far one of the most disappointing games I have ever played. This game should be 5 dollars instead of the current price tag. I couldn't even call this casual or indie because its even less than that. As a strategy game it lacks depth. It plays out a lot like oregon trail. You stop at the same looking repeated template towns a couple times and inbetween have lackluster fights with the same 4-6 people using the same moves. Food is almost meaningless aside from morale boost. Morale will give you more dmg and action points. The items are absolutely worthless. The story is terrible and extremely short. The only good thing I can say about this game is the art, and even that isn't that impressive. Do yourselves a favor and stay away from this title. You will only be disappointed. The story is maybe only 6-8 hours of gameplay and you are stuck at the end wondering, uhhhh was that it? Which has never before happened to me."
,Not Recommended,237990,14366727,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ixurge,"I usually do not give a **** sharing negative reviews for bad games. this time is different.I really really would like to appreciate banner saga, there is a tangible effort by developers and artist behind this title.And when i got it i was full of hype and happiness.The game starts and i say ""wow what an epic game"".Then the first battle.Then the second and the third... well the fourth fifth and so on....Ok people, is a pain for me to say that but this game is simply BORING. Battle are slooooowwww,repetitive, and balanced in a bad way, some are a piece of cake, some others nearly impossible to win. Apart of the battle you may manage you caravan (good idea) and do some text-based RPG. stop.Art and sound are very good, atmospherical, the story seems (seems) deep and epic, and there is a well constructed sense of loneliless and despair that goes throught the entire game.But the game, is simple not funny to play, i found myself too many times saying ""oh no please please no not another encounter"" and inevitably closed it frustrated because if you play, you want to pass funny times i guess :)And simply the banner saga didn't give me that.Avoid it? No, certainly, you may like it for sure but do not expect too much, be prepared to play a slow, long title, that may offer you some good moments trapped, sadly, in a vast sea of boredom."
76561198083933901,Not Recommended,237990,18900832,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Finalfate129,"This game is okay, but it's a little too easy and short. It's divided into three parts, and I will order them based on my opinion of their quality:The greatest asset of this game is the narrative portion. About every 30 seconds, you're asked to make a decision, and those decisions typically do have significant, occasionally life saving/ending consequences, and it felt like the game could be played in a hundred different ways. It's like TellTale, only choices really really do matter. Although I didn't lose more than 2-3 hero units throughout my playthrough, I hear it's possible to lose quite a few.Combat is quite fun, characters level up and such, I do love the way armor and strength work, but it fails in the way turn order is determined. Turns are taken 1 character at a time, but each ""team"" takes turns, so if the enemy has 2 units and you have 6, they get to move as often as you do. This is flawed because it means that killing an enemy is more often an error, because you want an injured unit to keep taking turns while you whittle down the other enemies. Also, I sometimes found myself wanting one of my units to ""die, already"" because he/she was inferior to other units and the weaker unit's turn felt like a waste.As much as I wanted to love the ""Oregon Trail"" part of the game, it felt like food was too easy to come by, and this is where the shortness of the game really hurt. Not much else to say about this, but the music and visuals were nice during these moments.Overall, it's worth the $5 I spent on it, but certainly not worth $20, so pick it up on sale. Meantime, just buy Oregon Trail and FFT: War of the Lions on your phone and you'll be fine."
76561198012752507,Not Recommended,237990,25205069,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The GunZ,an OK game at most...
,Not Recommended,237990,9038653,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Brave Sir Robin,"Would have been a great game if they had used their combat engine. Buying supplies and levels relies on ""Renown"" you get in battle. The only problem is there's so few battles that I spent most the game under leveled and starving. So instead of getting to fight more in their fantastic combat engine, I just sledged along starving and hoping I could actually get to fight."
76561197993374487,Not Recommended,237990,8800822,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,LeninTheRed,way too short and very meh
,Not Recommended,237990,24148198,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,jayxan,"The only thing I wanted to do while playing this game was play a better tactical strategy game. The game is well made, just not for me."
76561197996783000,Not Recommended,237990,13732240,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,President Trump,This game is horrible. Don't waste your money. Buy XCOM-Enemy Unknown. Superior in every facet.
76561198032426792,Not Recommended,237990,8813967,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,pumba16b,"kinda short, and even with the dialogue options was to linear."
76561198020836083,Not Recommended,237990,26303975,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Headhunter,"I was really getting into the game when it introduced a new mechanic to me. I didn't know how it worked yet so I asked the game for advice and followed it, after making that choice one of my team members died because of something I couldn't possibly see coming and the game autosaves right after. Thanks dev-team, I want my money back."
,Recommended,237990,10813300,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Yuno,Very cool game! Love RTS's like this and can't wait to find more like it.
,Not Recommended,237990,9834497,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,killerofgorillas,I have never been so disappointed by the end of a game. This is not a finished product. There are supposed to be two more parts to this game coming but who knows if they will ever come to fruition.
,Not Recommended,237990,26329555,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,^4Sharkbot ^8=^4SWAG^8=,"Convuluted plot, boring as hell, and the turn-based system is garbage. Unless you like torturing yourself with hard, unfair strategy games, I would pass."
76561198028615865,Not Recommended,237990,18650858,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's bad
76561197973669178,Recommended,237990,29091846,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,Stabbed some dude with a separ felt kind of bad so I uninstalled it. He was bleeding all over the place!
,Not Recommended,237990,31285787,Posted: 21 April,all,Kyle,"It's an interesting concept for a strategy game, but it isn't actually fun to play.Alternating turn order makes killing people frequently undesirable, turning combat into a slog.Pumping sparse resource (there's only one) into characters only to have them die for story reasons is poor design.Ultimately I was simply not having fun, so I stopped."
76561198052833570,Not Recommended,237990,17300809,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,laena_the_gifted,"I've just given this game a 2nd chance after failling running it on Linux a couple of weeks ago.I might not have played it much, but I don't feel like playing it more for the moment.The Banner Saga is certainly very beautiful, but I find the gameplay rather confusing:the number of characters is a bit overwhelming, and they all feel somewhat hollow;when you finally get to know the main characters and the caravan the focus changes to yet other characters in a different place with different needs;it's very unclear to me why characters live or (permanently?) die after a battle - is it random?there is no way to save your game to test different strategies or correct mistakes;battles lack strategy: there are very few options and you can't even choose which character to use. Characters all have the same few possible actions (except for 1 special ability if any);when upgrading a character some icons make sense (like strength, armour or willpower) but the others are unknown to me (chains??) and don't seem to be explained anywhere - kinda frustrating, given that ressources are limited and you can't go back since there is no save;the game seems very linear and yet seems to lack strong story elements:nothing more than collecting taxes and fighting random battles on the way for the moment.I consider The Banner Saga as an interactive story with turn-by-turn strategy elements - a genre I can enjoy, but IMHO it simply doesn't stand the comparison with other recent games (like Transistor or Shadowrun: Dragonfall) which have a solid gameplay, a more immersive storyline, strong characters, and great music & visuals as well - all this from the very beginning of the game.I must add that the Linux version of the game lags so much it's unplayable - yet the game runs fine on the same computer with Windows.I bought it on sale and yet have regrets. I don't think it's a bad game, but it's definitely not the game I was expecting."
,Recommended,237990,26223118,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SpaceZombieMoe,"Lovingly crafted artwork, tragic and epic storyline, entertaining (albeit imperfect) gameplay mechanics, stunning soundtrack, interesting and deep lore. I warmly recommend it to anyone who enjoys turn-based fantasy games, and I will definitely play the sequel."
76561198024807412,Not Recommended,237990,10611569,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,koald,"Entertaining overall but short and without much replay value.  It is evident that you are on 1 path the entire game.  The claim of ""choices that affect your journey"" are limited to a small set of consequences that overall have very little impact on the game.  Picking a different choice may lose/gain some men or supplies but I've never once been in danger of losing the game.  You often have to choose between leveling up your character or having supplies to feed your caravan... this makes no sense!"
,Not Recommended,237990,10855608,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hunchin,"Meh. This title has a solid concept, an interesting combat system, and awesome artwork.It also has very long drawn out cutscenes and a lack of variation in opponents."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,237990,24149001,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MMG Man,This game is so-so.  The fighting mechanics are alright but the story is just plain boring.  Thus I cannot recommend.
,Recommended,237990,9106106,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Crazy_Tiki,"THE BANANA SAGA IS THE BEST JUNGLE RPG GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. YOU THOUGHT YOUR BANANA KINDOM WAS SAFE, WHEN THE INDUSTRIAL CIVILIZATION HAD STARTED TO PLUMMET YOUR BELOVED LAND, NOW AS PRIMATE HUMANS AND HUGE GURRILLAS. YOU MUST DEFEND YOUR FURMGULLY FROM THESE HORRIBLE ENGLISH SPUEWING MUTANT SAVAGES THAT HAVE STARTED TO RAAPE YOUR LAND, BUT THEN TTHE STORY GOES DEPPER INTO WHERE THESE IS MAGIC AND EVIL AND SOME ELLS HAVE MADE THE UNVIERSE. BASSICLY MY FIRST EMPIRESSION WAS I WAS GOING TO BE RUNNING AROUND BEATING PEOPLE OUT AND WHAT I GOT WAS AN ARTIST FALLOUT SYSTEMATIC SCALE OF DEEP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥STORY TEELING SUPRESMECY. I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED BY THE FACT I DEFENDED MY BANANA KINGDOM, THE STORY DRIVING AND DRIFTING ELEMENTS, AND NOT BEING ABLE TO PURCHAS FOOD FOR MY CARAVAN FILLED WITH WOMAN AND CHILDREN, ID DINT CARE FOR THEM. MY BANANAS ARE THE ONES THAT NEEDED SAVING."
,Not Recommended,237990,17671002,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Deckard_,Linux version is completely unplayable.  I have heard so many good things about this game and I would love to play it.  But at less than 3 frames per minute it's simply unplayable and unbearable.  The lag is horrendous.DO NOT BUY IF YOU PLAN ON RUNNING LINUX VERSION - UNPLAYABLE DUE TO LAG.Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,237990,16569702,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Egbert Snafflecopter,Contains no ending
76561197990773816,Not Recommended,237990,10297585,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,nobin,"Suprisingly bad.Narrative is bland, despite setting. How do you even make giant vikings boring?Combat is promising, but terrible becuase of a number of bad decisions. Characters only level based on direct kills, so supporting characters quickly become useless.The turn based system gives more turns to each enemy as enemy numbers dwindle, until there is only one enemy left; at this point is switches into ""pillage"" mode, would be better named ""makes sense"" mode. This strange decision means that 2 strong, healthy enemies are much more dangerous than a horde of enemies as those two will run circles around your own characters, getting 3 moves to your 1. This means you can't divide and conquer, you have to get your enemies weak but keep them on life support until you can get all your enemies weak and then try to wipe them out (at least down to one) in a single blow. This strange tactic might have sounded good on paper, but in reality is really tedious and contains no depth to play with.The split armor/health also seems real interesting, but falls flat in light of the broken turn allocation. The enemies that you have to keep on life support do little damage, but can still do full armor damage. This means that your armor will always be depleted, so if one of the still strong enemies gets a attack in, your screwed.Overall, the broken turn allocation causes all parts of combat tedious and annoying; there is no real way to get better, you just have to continuingly make perfect little moves and rely on prayer and save game loading. If the turn allocation gets fixed in the future, then the combat could be much better."
76561198006674289,Not Recommended,237990,9423686,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,darkened,"This game while interesting faces a deeply flawed conclusion. While I mostly enjoyed the game, what is horribly disappointing is the developers. The developers behave just like EA. They ignore users on their forums, they even censored my post where I specifcally them out on behaving like EA & Ubisoft. I cannot recommend a game when the creators behave so callously to their customers.I would personally get a refund if that was an option. Sadly many software creators refuse to stand behind their products and instead base their business model on taking your money and never letting go."
76561198180234175,Recommended,237990,24001585,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MaKhaiBe Diva,I have completed the game and I have to say that it was outstanding. The music suits the game and the story is interesting and easy to follow. A game to recommend.
,Not Recommended,237990,10936290,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DivideByZero,"Beware! It is not turn-based rpg, please do not believe to description. It is stupid turn-side system where team with 2 x 10/10 units stronger than team with 2 x 10/10 and 3 x 1/1 units. If you a fan of turn-based RPGs, do not buy that trash."
76561198120611121,Recommended,237990,24384255,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DavidMaine14,Meh.
,Not Recommended,237990,19389409,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Oscaruzzo,Incredibly boring. Combat is badly balanced (you will die again and again). Plot is confusing and involves too many characters with confusing names.
,Not Recommended,237990,15187595,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Doomwarrior,"I REALLY wanted to like it...its a nicely produced little game with an interessting setup and intruiging at start. But way too much loading between near to nothing happening apart from some rather random seeming dialogues and tbh there isnt really much to do apart from klick, read, klick, load, read, klick read, klick, load, read, klick, arrange a few troops, klick, random encounter with some enemies randomly placed, kill, klick, read, klick read, klick, fight random fight...and so on.I always wondered where the ""strategy"" part was in the fights. Its rather random and its boring. especially if the enemies just spawn around you, and you can do next to nothing to change that. No Terrain, no setup, no tactics to influence battle field. Its so empty and hollow what could have been nice and challenging is basically just a click fest with too much too read and not enough to do."
76561198009342411,Not Recommended,237990,22275492,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Gdano,"I'm sorry.Graphics, setting and mood are the top......but I cant stand the combat system anymore... it's terrible.TRY IT BEFORE BUYING.Really."
76561198041239133,Not Recommended,237990,26619375,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,chino2468,"I did not enjoy this game, despite the positive reviews I saw: it was completely lineal, and my choices did not matter at all. Still, I liked the artwork and music, but wouldn't re-purchase it for more than $4-5."
76561197972716331,Not Recommended,237990,26456793,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,serverdude1,"Starting off, it looks like there are a lot of other people that like this game.  Unfortunately I cannot be one of them.To me the controls for both mouse and keyboard as well as game controller feel clunky and difficult to use.The artwork looks like it was trying to be done in a comic-like style but to me it comes across as cheap and rushed.There might be a story hidden in there somewhere but it was really lost in the poor dialog between the characters.Pros:- It doesn't crashCons:- Poor controls and movement- Bad artwork- muddled story- bad dialogIn short, not worth the time or money even on sale for $5."
76561198147214030,Recommended,237990,28461979,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,1Forge2RuleThemAll,"It was a nice story, but overall it has little longevity, the sequal apparantly has a survival mode outside of the campaign which would be a great addition to this game (mod makers get on that). It's a good game, but unless you're really devoted to the series or this style of game I'd recomend waiting for a sale or when the price is a tad lower (it's proboboly worth 10-15 US dollars) . Still this game is a good 7 out of 10 maybe an 8 after I try some alternative paths.Comabt wise there is little explanation or help on the tactics, I'd recomend practicing a bit and perhaps watching a youtube video or two to get a proper understanding of the numbers and modifiers. Experienced gamers should be able to figure it out with a little trial and error on their own though.The art in the game is a large part of what drew me and I must say it is worth it, great sceneries and hand drawn animations!"
76561198062464331,Not Recommended,237990,10181678,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SNIBETI SNABS,Doesnt cost its price. Sad combat that wont have a single change till the very end.
76561198067182014,Recommended,237990,10654556,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fivesyounger,"The Banner Saga is a borderline masterpiece. It has a strange but beautiful art style with an amazing story and dialog. The tactical turn-based combat makes this game even better. The characters are perfectly designed with fantastic voice acting. The down-sides to this game is the caravan movement. After sitting on the edge of my seat in a tough scene of combat you wait for up to 5 minutes to watch your caravan to slowly traverse this beautiful landscape.Overall, I would rate this game 8/10 and believe it is definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,237990,16394219,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hakello,"Great story, great setting, fun combat system. Anticipating the next part.Doesn't have a lot of replayability but the highest difficulty is something of a challenge."
76561198080470563,Recommended,237990,16591769,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sword,havent played the game but its the Money well spent!if you like turn based games and story then its a great game to pick up.
76561198031478752,Recommended,237990,8747072,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,sirchet,"A delightfully creative take on the graphics side of the street. The game play is starting to get a bit of wash, rinse and repeat though. It seems I talk a bit, make a new friend or enemy and then move on to the next town. Granted I've only gotten a few hours into the campaign, but I'm starting to think this is more of a story acted out rather than an actual RPG.The combat is fun but every battle is very much staged and nothing new execpt for a different foe here or there, but they all seem to use the same tactic. If you are experienced in tactical turn based battle these fights will be a breeze for you.In short: For the price it's certainly worth it, although I don't see the replay potential others have spoken of."
,Recommended,237990,23995439,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,senpaisadraoui,Best Chara design with very attaching people.
76561198047031550,Recommended,237990,8766266,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,exkitsune,5/5
76561198006251462,Not Recommended,237990,10909963,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Broccoli,"It's a pretty okay-ish game, it really needed to take some hints from XCOM: Enemy Unknown in terms of combat to make it more enjoyable instead of frustrating."
,Recommended,237990,8746079,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Tovar,"It's one of the ""most amazing"" RPG games I've played so far.You need to plan everything, every single movement, decision and which companions to take.It's pure logic and if you are someone who likes programming and planning you'll love this game.A cocktail made of vikings, giant with horns, role play game and awesome using of 2D effects."
76561198103472992,Recommended,237990,16393807,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,littlepinkpebble,5 stars
,Not Recommended,237990,25052169,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Anony_Mouse,Someone needs to have a long talk with the dev team about Balance and what makes a story enjoyable. The game is pretty and an interesting concept but the misbalance is just aggrevating and the story feels like it was written by a sadistic ten year old whose only ever read the cliff notes for LoTR.
76561197993780180,Recommended,237990,14833603,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,rpgarcher,"of all the games I've played that tried to offer the player meaningful choices about how the sotry unfolds, this game delivers better than any other.  The story is epic, amazing, and you have so many points of choice, with immediate and far ranging consequences.  Even with all the branches to the story, it still mnages to be a truly moving work of fiction (or at least the parts I saw)as for the combat, the screenshots in the store don't lie.  it's a turn-based battle-grid rpg.  characters can attack in 2 different ways, and have a special ability, so there aren't a plethora of options, but that just lets you focus on the little tactical decisions.  one square of movement can mean the difference between victory and defeat, as can the use of a limited resource called willpower.  As a lover of games like Final Fantasy Tactics and X-com: enemy unknown, this game's combat never got stale for me.This game is fantastic, and comes highly reccomended to anyone who enjoys turn-based tactical gameplay"
,Not Recommended,237990,25975261,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GRIZLEDORF,Art goodCombat shallow and badStory hard to followEnds before it starts
,Recommended,237990,16020073,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Futilizer,Oh man this game. It can be so  difficult at times but once you get your strategy down it's absolutely amazing. My suggestion would be to use the practice tent A LOT. The story is amazing and the gameplay is absolutely solid. Great Game 9/10.
76561198025673878,Recommended,237990,8895874,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Roberto,"Banner Saga the first game I finished for the year 2014. A good balance of game difficulty, haunting OST and an epic story. Makes me want to go an a viking raid and then people will call me Hrēodbēorht the Banner Siga!"
76561197971019071,Not Recommended,237990,33483754,Posted: 12 July,all,Fowest Gween,"Good story, bad combat.I originally had about 3 and a half paragraphs written out as to why I didn't like the combat, but I figured I could sum it up in 3 words: ""Not enough Depth"".But props for the art design and all that stuff, it looks amazing. Pretty to look at, boring to play. Just watch a youtuber play it or something and skip the combat parts, it will save you your money."
,Not Recommended,237990,20686400,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,YYZ,"I was actually impressed by this game. Impressed by how developers did not understood the word ""balance"". The game could have an unfairly good graphics and story (soundtrack is good but a lot of times you fell lacking of it, especially since its rly slow paced game.) Yet nothing above matter when you dont understand the game. You could have one your party wasting ""dredges"" just everyday yet when you switch to another one you just hoping wind wont blow you. I am not complaining about ground of weakness of second party my issue is more general. There is no possible way in the game to find out everything you need about mechanics. Why the mighty Varl dealing 1 point of damage to human (with the sword mostly as big as the human) while some ranger can squeze with arrow up to 4? Why excatly sometimes dealing back damage improoves our damage output but sometimes not? Yet enemis also does not have constant damage because at one turn they deal 2 but in three thay can deal 8?Rly,game?If i had somewhere to read about this ingame this review wouldnt currently existed since i would be playing atm, but after 2 losses in a row to ""humans"" i just cant continue for today. (DAMMIT VOLVO WHEN YOU GONNA PUT NEUTRALL OR NOT SURE OPTION IN REVIEWS,SRSLY)"
76561198076365408,Recommended,237990,18970104,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,zekitbot,"If you ever played the Oregon Trail and thought it would be more exciting with Vikings and magic, this is the game for you.If you love Final Fantasy tactics but were sad about the lack of frost giant options, this is also the game for you.You can't die from dysentery, but you might kick the bucket if a mead hall collapses on you.You can still die of starvation, though."
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,237990,9612785,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Meanwhile,"I hate to do this, but I have to say thumbs down. After experiencing the fantastic gameplay in the free multiplayer version, I was really looking forward to the single-player campaign. What a huge disappointment!The combat is still great, but everything else is mediocre to bad. You find yourself struggling against a game that gives you too little information, and you are constantly being arbitrarily punished for decisions whose ramifications often make very little sense. For example, apparently when you tell people they can join your caravan, it also means they have free access to your food supply and all the guards you posted earlier in the game get the night off for some reason.Even worse, it seems you are supposed to try to get to wherever the hell you're going (and you're given very little reason to care where that is, as you have ZERO agency in any of this, despite a bunch of silly choose-your-own-adventure questions) without losing too many clansmen, I guess?  But once again, it's really hard to care about saving these people since they are mostly just a number that starts to tick down when a fight goes badly or you run out of food.The writing itself could have used a firmly wielded editor's pen, both in the basic English and in the weak attempts at what I will call ""epic fantasy-speak."" You can tell what effect they were going for, but it all comes off looking shabby and lame because in the end it's just too obvious that it was all written by gamers, not professional writers.So I guess if you are willing to ignore all of the actual campaign bits that are supposed to hold together the campaign, maybe go ahead and get it for the interesting combat. But I'd definitely wait for a deep discount -- no sense paying for the bad parts you are better off ignoring."
,Recommended,237990,12363399,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MrPenguino,"Ahhh The Banner Saga, a game that I had little interest in when I first saw it, however when I got round to playing it it completely blew me away; a magnificantly gorgeous art style, vivid colours and superbly animated sprites and cutscenes rended my eyes completely restricted to it alone. The combination of RTS and RPG mechanics were a refreashingly welcome change and I severely enjoyed the fact that your skill in battle pretty much determined the outcome. The war scenarios and the battle of morale over supplies were both interesting concepts and while at times they did screw me over a little they made me feel like I really was playing as a leader, something which quite a lot of RPG's fail to do. The characters were also memorable and I genuinly felt discomforted eveytime I lost one, and while not all of them were great in combat their personalities shone through and showed that the writers put a lot of thought into them. Overall The Banner Saga was an outstanding game and I thoughly enjoyed the hell out of it, very challenging at times and quite simple at others, it was a great expeirence and I cannot wait for the next two installments!"
,Not Recommended,237990,19532888,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,pendragon,"morale is poor, humans all want to kill you, no answers are given, ending is poor .... thanks for a waste of my time :-/"
,Recommended,237990,33064400,Posted: 30 June,all,Yams,Nice art style and a good story
76561198069826641,Not Recommended,237990,16814567,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,badlogik,"I tried so hard to like this game, but it seems like it is simply designed to make you hate it. It has an interesting storyline, but the combat is painful."
76561198022540292,Recommended,237990,33104766,Posted: 1 July,all,Flødeskum?,So damn good! Lots of decision making!
76561198004668298,Not Recommended,237990,11130741,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Salinkus,I can't play a game where I can't save everyone. Sucks barely getting through a string of battles with everyone alive only to have someone die in a text option. Would be bareable if you could actually save and revert but you can't.
,Not Recommended,237990,14782674,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sundance Kid,I expected a story with a midevil-like setting that broke the tropes of midevil-like stories and gameplay like fire emblem.Instead i got a typical cliche midevil-like story with characters and scenarios i've seen a billion times and gameplay that only comes after you've went through 80 years of uninteresting dialog at a time.
76561197999057238,Recommended,237990,13584709,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LordSutter,"A well written, thoughtful game with meaningful interactions and fun gameplay.It's everything I want games to grow up to be."
,Not Recommended,237990,20061067,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,greyskies,"I've been looking forward to playing an oldschool strategy game, but sadly The Banner Saga turned out to be an utter disappointment. I truly wanted to like the game, with its lovable art design and its interesting setting.Unfortunately, the game clearly shows that it was designed not for PC but as an app for mobile devices: the controls are cumbersome, and many features are overly simplistic. It also must be mentioned that the game is rather short, in particular when factoring in that about 50% of your gaming experience consist of reading conversations between characters with the occasional making of choices, and watching your clan of tiny pixels wander through pretty landscapes without any real means of interaction.The other 50% is combat, and this is where The Banner Saga fails rather hard.For starters, the enemies you encounter throughout the game are incredibly repetitive. Most of the time, you will be fighting ""dredge"", dark-armored giants which lay waste to the lands. Sadly, most of them look identical to a point that fighting them gets boring very quickly - even the final boss is just a recolored version of common enemies (!).Another thing that utterly annoyed me are the basic combat dynamics. In The Banner Saga, your characters' HP is also their Strength, which equals how much damage they deal in combat; an injured character is therefore of little use, as he loses his ability to inflict damage.What looks like a fresh and interesting idea at first turns out to be complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the context of the fact that in The Banner Saga your characters and enemies will always move in turns - meaning that if you kill an enemy, its turn will not be ""lost"", but instead the next foe will just take its place. This is beyond stupid for a number of reasons - for starters, it means that killing enemies actually makes a battle harder. An enemy force of two combatants in good condition may easily wreck your six injured warriors, as they are no longer able to inflict significant damage - and each enemy will gain three turns for one of your allies' turns. This means that you have to try and NOT kill enemies in order to win, but instead leave them on the battlefield as weak as possible. In addition, you are basically punished for saving your own characters - if you pull back an injured ally, it means that you will waste turns on a useless character, as Strength cannot be regenerated.All in all, Stoic has created a combat system that is very counter-intuitive, and quite frankly, stupid.Another issue I have is that the battles are not only repetitive because of the enemies, but also because of the battlefield itself. The game will exchange the backgrounds, but for the most part, you will be fighting in a square of some sort; I can remember only one map which had some kind of natural obstacles. The only variety the game offers is the positions of your enemies and allies, and as a result, battles become boring very fast.Perhaps the most ridiculous missing feature of The Banner Saga is the lack of a saving function (!)  - the game only creates automatic savestates, manual saving simply doesn't exist. As a result, you will often have to rewatch tedious cutscenes/dialogues in order to redo a battle, and even then you will sometimes not be able to go back to its beginning (and will instead have to redo the one before it, as no savestate was created in between). What the developers had in mind here was clearly to prevent players from changing the outcome of the decisions you make throughout the journey (which is often harsh - characters dying, for example), as the game *always* saves after having made such a decision. However, why the game does not just simply saves before battles as well is beyond me, as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ battle system will definitely have you playing some battles more than once. In particular ""second battles"" - oftentimes the game will allow you to take an additional battle after you have won one. Problem: your characters' strength will not be replenished, making the second one usually much more difficult, and making it much more likely that you will want to try again - have fun doing the first battle again, as of course the game last saved half an hour ago.The Banner Saga has a ton of other flaws, such as being unable to correct a false command in battle (accidentally moving one tile short of being able to attack your enemy - too bad, you can't go back to the ""move""-command, even though the tile easily is within your character's movement radius), a lack of information (the game allows you to chose the position of your characters on the battlefield - however, it neither tells you which foe will move first, nor can you assess your enemies' movement radius) or that the music is sometimes outright annoying (in particular during battles).On the plus side, the animations and the general art design are really nice, and the story is interesting enough to keep you playing (although in the end there are many loose strings, and The Banner Saga feels like but a setup for its successor).In conclusion, I would still not recommend buying the game unless you are really, really craving a turn-based fantasy adventure. If you do, The Banner Saga might be worth buying at the current price of 75% off - but you better be prepared to be disappointed."
,Recommended,237990,14173049,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,Choices choices choices. My party is starving to death.
76561197961048405,Recommended,237990,33200337,Posted: 3 July,all,Hairgod,Fun game
,Recommended,237990,22314780,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,"Gaben, stop.",Incredibly beautiful nordic world filled with viking mythology and stoicism.
76561198108774777,Recommended,237990,19927008,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Korva,"I am new to the SRPG genre and I have to say I can't wait for the dev to create the sequal games (which he said he will be doing) cause everything about the game is just wonderful. The art style is creative and I love it, the characters have personality and feel real, I also love how it is partly taken from the nordic ""ragnorock"" mythology with the sun never setting and demons walking the earth; I am a big fan.I recommend turning it to the easiest difficulty (not because it's too hard which it has a decent amount of difficulty) so you can really enjoy the story, it won't suffer combat though. I might add this is my first Turn based strategy game too.But even for a genre noob like me I think it's worth every single penny and you should get it right now!"
,Recommended,237990,28340457,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Lewtz,"This has been sitting in my games list for a while.  Bought it at release, started it, and got sidetracked by something else.  Never forgot about it, always wanted to play through it, just something else kept coming up.Finally started playing it yesterday, finished it today.Wow, is all I can say.Fantastic game.  Story, Mechanics, Artwork.  Everything about this game is great."
,Not Recommended,237990,16480475,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,vegan meth,It's a mobile game.
76561198007409592,Recommended,237990,12997898,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"How I love this game. And because I love it so much I am hurt a little. I know this game had no budget at all and so its way , way, WAY to short. I feel like price charming at the gran ball. Cinderella left too soon with no kiss ! Love the nors mythos, the art , the story telling ( grimm ) all of it. The fights may seem too simple at first but it gets really interesting really fast. All praise , need MOAR !"
76561198059612278,Not Recommended,237990,8726857,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,JMC,"I really can't recommend this anymore. This is a part of a trilogy and I felt there was very little warning in that, I excpected a full game. The start is very flashy and deep and the ending things get cut very thin. With all the legal issues popping up at Stoic this series will most likely gather dust."
,Recommended,237990,33740673,Posted: 23 July,all,The Wanderer,"Excellent game with good art direction, music and plot. Did I say game play? And good game play too!Played part 1, and immediately bought part 2 after completing it. Then completed part 2 and found out part 3 just launched on Kickstarter. Immediately went to back the game developers 100%. Yeah, that good."
,Recommended,237990,12194131,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,lowcast,tiles bro       TILES
,Not Recommended,237990,9598121,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Satire,"Well I picked up this game for 25 dollars (which is the price of the proffesional specialized killstreak wrench I found) and the main reason why I got it was because I enjoyed FTL (which is a cute little spaceship similator roguelike) and this game looked quite like FTL. Which was not the case at all. Anyways, on with the review.Story and Character interaction:The first thing I noticed was how pretty the art was and how nice the travelling sequences looked, and that it seemed to have quite a focus on story and character development, however, there werent many cutscenes and alot of the story was played out though japan style visual novel thingys BUT (gasp) with pannable background!!!!!Similar to FTL, text based events, when traveling from a city to another city, seem to not have that big of an impact except on resources and caravan size (youre usually traveling with 500+ people unless they all die of starvation) and when youre going to fight and how youre going to fight (which might give you the advantage in combat or make the fight easier)The thing I like though is how the narrative started out with two different perspectives and finally showed them meeting each other at the end (which I knew was going to happen from the start -_-)Combat:The next thing that I noticed, was that when you lose guys in combat, they dont actually die and only go unconcious for a couple days before you can use them at their full strength again. SO HOW DO YOU LOSE CHARACTERS THAT YOU LIKE AND ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT!!?!??!? WELL UM THEY DIE IN TEXT BASE EVENTS WOOOOThe combat system is really crappy too, so let me explain it, its like the other turn base combat systems where you move and then the enemy moves, however, during your move, you can only move one guy at once!!! wooooSo if they have one ultra strong guy you cant gang up on him and he kills all your semi strong heros at once!!! YEEEE luckily this game avoids this (except in the last boss fight) where if there is one guy left you enter ""pillage"" mode, where all your guys move at once before the enemy can move (the enemy also can enter pillage mode if you only have one guy left)So whats the problem? oh yeah if the enemy has two guys left, like a high armor high health person and an archer then you cant gang up on them with your 6 guys at half health because in this game health = attack power which doesnt make sense, attack power should stay constant and maybe if they wanted to similate your guys being tired after being wounded just drop the attack power drastically after a certain threshold of health or something and that guy with the high armor and the archer kills everyone left.This actually makes it so you shouldnt kill the 1 health archer because he cant damage your high armor characters but sometimes you need to kill them in order to gain willpower for your heros (which allows them to do special moves) to kill the big guys.One positive of the combat was how each ""class"" of hero (you can only do combat with your heros while your 800 archers go do something else) was very diverse and playing around with them was niceConclusion:The end of the game is really bad, and unresolved, but pretty emotional ;_____;Luckily this game is going to be released in three parts (which you dont have to pay extra for [hopefully >:(]) so the creators will always have time to redeem themself and fix the crappy combat systemTL:DR, buy it only after the next two parts come out"
,Recommended,237990,10763478,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Valentine,"This game blew me away, the atmosphere, brutal combat, and the anguishing decisions make for a epic opening in a series!10/10 would play hard if i had balls"
76561198058043953,Recommended,237990,22312946,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"It's a fun, tactical and choice driven game with an amazing art style that unfortunately ended with, in my honest opinion, an anti-climatic cliffhanger.  Main characters are interesting but the same couldn't be said for supporting and side characters as they kinda got forgotten in the main plot. If there's anything I wanted added in the sequel, it's more voice acting. My eyes gets pretty tired reading the amount of text they throw at you.RECOMMENDED: For players who enjoys genuine tactical gameplay.NOT RECOMMENDED: For those who doesn't enjoy reading much."
,Recommended,237990,24035250,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ShadowDame,"Your decisions have consequences. We see this a lot in video games. While many games bring this to life through its story (so that you get multiple different endings), Banner Saga does most of this *minor spoiler alert* through your party (people you invested resources and time to grow are going to die, and it's going to kill you - either emotionally or gameplay wise).Graphics: I enjoy the art style and visuals in the Banner Saga. Even without amazing high definition graphics or epic 3D models, it does well to convey how frightening and bleak the world can be, or how beautiful the world could be in nature. You find your jaw dropping at beautiful designs of God Stones and other amazing backdrops. Like Transistor, the style is timeless and would not need any HD remake in the future - even if you pick this up in 2020.Combat: I'm no pro at turn-based combat games, so I won't comment much. Thankfully, there's all sorts of difficulty settings and would allow someone like me to enjoy the story without bashing my head over gameplay blockers.The story: While it may be a fantasy world, the story is about love, honor, justice, war, and invokes philosophical questions regarding doing good and doing evil, right and wrong. It is beautifully woven - ha ha pun intended - through the story of Rook and Iver (two different tales that eventually meet). It will surprise you, it will anger you (in the good way because you care about these characters), and it will make you cry (or sad, at least).After finishing this game, I immediately bought its sequel The Banner Saga 2. Honestly, even if you don't intend to play its sequel, The Banner Saga (1) is worth playing through just on its own merit."
,Recommended,237990,24059588,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Termy,Beautiful game - had tears in my eyes at the end
76561197967174258,Recommended,237990,24030780,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Unfortunate,"*After finishing the first playthrough of the game, I have to say I was pretty moved. For such a short experience, it was quite emotional. I would have liked to have seen even more in combat, but for what it is, this is ABSOLUTELY worth adding to your collection if you're a Turn-Based Strategy fan or at least enjoy a well-written drama. There isn't much voice-over work, but I started a love for fantasy with novels or RPGs that barely had any sound, so I may have some bias.The art is wonderful and the animations, for being so simple, are just... I can't do it justice, it's like a graphic novel that comes off the pages.If this is still on sale and you're looking for a good piece of art to delve into for a while, don't miss your chance to pick this one up."
76561198114667836,Recommended,237990,24045709,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,St.Darius,Its a unforgiving game if you make the wrong choice you cant change it . i restarted the game 3 times already because of the mistakes i made someday i will finish it!
76561197970309850,Recommended,237990,16403946,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,billy,"Enjoyed it , Definetly worth getting in a sale. The story was good and a bit different from most RPG's , the choice's and conversations sucked me into the world and there were plenty of characters to meet. Loved the artwork and presentation , very polished game. The combat was the weakest part but at least it also was different than the norm , it definetly takes some getting used to .The worst thing about the combat is how turns and rounds work , each unit doesnt take a turn every round  as you would expect , instead each side always has the same amount of moves , so you can end up with the ridiculous situation of the side with lower numbers being better of as each unit gets to move multiple times. Also the fact you are better wounding units than killing them is stupid as well. You get used to this and play around it but it is for me a silly combat system that never feels right."
76561198057523847,Not Recommended,237990,35223844,Posted: 26 September,all,Jaha35,"Pretty much a lightweight mobile strategy game that has quality graphics, a great soundtrack, and repetitive and shallow gameplay.  Players looking for depth should really look elsewhere.  There isn't a heck of a lot of variety in this game.  As others describe it's a Choose Your Own Adventure book in video game form with very little voice over work and a lot of reading boring generic text.  The story is alright but a little thin and cliche.  Combat is really all its about and its pretty boring after 6 or 7 rounds.  As a budget title its not a terrible pickup but it's certainly over hyped and you can do a lot better elsewhere.Thats the short of it.  The reasons I didn't like the title are largely because of how shallow and uninteresting the game ultimately was.  The game is a linear journey from one battle to the next broken up with camp sites or village visits that really don't offer much.  Buy some supplies, maybe buy a piece of armor, rest, repeat.  Thats it.  Combat is very simple and expected for the genre.  Maybe 4 total classes when you really break it down.  Move, attack, or use a special ability.  I never found the speciasl abilities all that wonderful for most characters.  Also the interface is sloppy.  Seems pretty clear it was a mobile game ported to PC with all the erroneous clicking and re-clicking.  Not very intuitive either.The biggest grievance I had was the game mechanics don't make a heck of a lot of sense and it gives off this vibe that it just makes the rules up as it goes along.  For instance combat turns just always seem to be totally random and enemies just move whever they want.  In one complete round of combat some enemies will move 3 or 4 times to your single moves per character.  Gets a little annoying really and kind of cuts away the strategy element and reminds you of how shallow this title really is.  I do not believe it is deserving of the massively positive reviews it possesses."
,Recommended,237990,12839069,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,tact,Dope game with a decent tile-combat system.
76561198014647522,Recommended,237990,29614440,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,"Very different, broke my laptop caused me to buy a computer5.5/10"
76561197963455896,Recommended,237990,10608547,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,"An incredible artistic achievement. It's Oregon Trail except instead of settlers and typhoid it's Vikings and Ragnarok. Play it, unless you are stupid."
,Recommended,237990,20207191,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MidnightGamerX,Awesome :D
,Not Recommended,237990,8717749,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Marty McFlash,"First Impressions, review may change after more game time.... First off, I generally really like turn based tactical RPGS/Strategy games like Fire Emblem, XCOM, Expeditions Conquistador, Tactics Ogre, Final Fantasy Tactics etc.  Having recently visited Denmark, and watched the ""Vikings"" TV show, the Viking style theme really interested me.  I've been looking forward to this, but didn't back the Kickstarter.  I have to say I'm rather disappointed so far.Liked:1. Love the artwork. Reminds me of feature length cartoons from the late 70s and early 80s. Very nicely done.Mixed Feelings:1. The Viking theme.  A turn based tactical RPG about Vikings sounded awesome to me. But then I realize it has giants, and robotic looking things in it. What, were vikings just not nerdy enough? I guess I was hoping for something a bit more like real-world vikings. Seriously, that would have been cool enough.2. The turn based combat.  First, I'm eternally grateful for the combat being turn based. However I keep finding the battles to be kind of tedious and dull, especially against the dredge.  So I have to whittle away their armor first, then whittle away their hit points?  ZZZZZ.  Might as well have just doubled the hit points.  Then the enemies getting to move more often, the fewer of them remaining is a bit ""different"" for lack of a better word. Not quite sure what to think of that mechanic yet.Dislike:1. The story and dialog so far.  It's dull. The first hour of the game has not hooked me at all.  I have no interest in the characters or what is happening to them so far.  I can't keep my find focused on the game long enough to play more than 20-30 minutes of it at a time.2. The village and map interfaces.  It feels like something from a Facebook or browser game, for the villages.  World map is very cluttered and hard to read at a glance.Hoping it gets better as it goes, but it just isn't inspiring me to keep playing it. Disappointed."
76561197980125783,Not Recommended,237990,30039697,Posted: 19 February,all,Jochirin,"Dont expect having any controll of anything, stories told in this way should be movies not games."
76561198008045835,Not Recommended,237990,8727639,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Bubbi,kind of boring because the choices you make in the game is so unclear and it might aswell have been randomised
,Not Recommended,237990,33713542,Posted: 21 July,all,cedara2,"The game used to work with older versions of Ubuntu but doesn't anymore with 16.04 on my system. Apparently there have been support requests to fix a consistent issue, but folks still can't play, me included. So despite being pretty as a game per se, this gets a negative recommendations from me."
,Recommended,237990,8731620,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,KrK ColeusRattus,"What a beautiful game. Great visuals, gripping story with interesting and meaningful decisions to make, deep tactical combat. It's one of those rare games that I kept thinking about when not playing it. A truly epic start to what looks like to be one of the most evocative RPG experiences this year, as Stoic want's to do a trilogy of The Banner Saga"
76561198058538827,Not Recommended,237990,9041176,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,[DHB] Lockeblade,"Overall, a decent game. The artistic direction is stunning, and the music is beautiful. Combat was basic but effective.However... and it's a big however... Given that this is a 'Saga', an epic tale, I thought the story was the biggest let down here. Plotholes abound, questions left unanswered (not deliberately, they were just forgotten about), and the written dialogue was terrible... Very simplistic and often nonsensical, I actually thought that the game had been translated from another language, until I saw that the developers were in the US. The ending will leave you scratching your head and thinking, ""Well, I guess this is where they ran out of crowd funding...""If you want a visually, aurally stunning game and don't care that it's set to a story seemingly written by a 12 year old, this is the game for you."
76561197988585253,Not Recommended,237990,9024867,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,mech,"Overrated, overpriced, shallow, tedious and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,237990,9692007,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Alebak,"At first I thought it was good, and enjoyable with choices that mattered, and no garbage morality system.Then I reached the end."
,Not Recommended,237990,13313422,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:The art style is amazingThe combat and story does have some choicesThe music is SO GOOD that I bought the album, made by the great Austin Wintory(Journey)What You Need to Know:You can skip the dialogue if you want to, which is good at timesThere is no voice acting, so there is ALOT of reading, voice acting would make this game more aliveSadly the combat didn't feel very deep or challenging , and feels more like an ipad game, which is available for, which maked sinceI might give another go, if the later ones improve upon my complaints and make it betterMy Score:CPrice:$6.50Main reason for dislike: Since gameplay was weak, story was the main draw, but couldn't get into itGames similar that are better:Walking Dead Telltale GameSouth Park Stick of Truth"
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,237990,15977009,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Since STEAM only allows yes and no and not a more complex system of user rating, I'm forced to vote a no where I would normally rate it as average.The combat system is not very fun, and it's the core of this game.The game is unforgiving and punishing, which is fine, but in certain places and situations, making a wrong choice can force a complete restart from the middle or even end of the game. In some games it would be fine (NEO Scavenger for example), but in this, very much a story-led game, it is not.I didn't like it much. Wasn't real fun."
,Not Recommended,237990,26296924,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Haryo25,"I played this on Origin Access. The game is great and beautiful, but sadly it lacks support on 4K resolution. I despise the fact that the picture is only displayed in a small rectangle, you get black bars on top, down, left, and right side on your screen if you decide to play it on full screen in 4K.The game is difficult enough, even in Easy. I had to use trainer and cheat to proceed further in the game."
,Recommended,237990,28217428,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,King Sunday,"This game looks wonderful, and its art creates a fantastical world that feels super good to spend time in. The story feels epic, but the characters are still engaging. But, the mechanical weight of the game sometimes doesn't live up to the art and narrative that is created. Battles, though initially well constructed, begin to become repetative due to lack of variety and orthogonality in enemies and staging.8 / 10"
76561198050813363,Recommended,237990,33081475,Posted: 1 July,all,AHLABROR,Good Story Good Game
,Not Recommended,237990,13278974,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SunRider,boring game
76561198059582025,Recommended,237990,33067749,Posted: 30 June,all,Bloempje,"The lone wolf dies, but the pack survives."
76561198006910162,Not Recommended,237990,33316861,Posted: 6 July,all,madFerret,"Great game, but due to abandoned Linux support I'll rate this negative."
76561198039880734,Recommended,237990,10812087,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hemo Goblin,This game is bleak as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,237990,13485260,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,redherring,I found this game to be as exciting as watching butter melt in a snowstorm. The butter stays firm but never really melts  to show off it's potential of  fusing everything together on your plate.
76561198031328124,Recommended,237990,26442350,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Edit:  -SPOILERS-I was thoroughly enjoying the story.. Its really neat, and intriguing.. Keeping you interested, and invested in the characters, and outcomes.. I felt a true sense of dread when supplies were low, or trying to out pace the Dread (whatever the damn Obsidian enemies are called)The sprites are what initially caught my attention, as it reminded me of the cartoons i grew up with in the 80's.. I had waited a long time to grab this game, and was not let down wheni got into it.. However, it was short lived..By chapter 5, i was apparently gimped in my characters, as half of them were lvl 1, maybe 2, and the other half 4 or 5... The only way to rank up, is to have THAT specific character get the killing blow, which can be both challenging, and dangerous.. Passing turns multiple times, in hopes that the proper character is in range, or enough armor has be picked off, etc., is just stupid..Add to that, that the Renown required to lvl up (+5 per lvl) 10 at 2, 15 at 3, etc.) is the same resource used to buy vital supplies (the most important thing in game) and Items.. Items are the only equippable gear in game, and i would strongly advise against EVER buying any...While random events make each play through interesting, and they are pretty cool, they can also completely ruin it.. My 1st caravan on the West heavy with warriors, Vran, and refugees were well supplied, high moral, and a strong team.. Once it switched, that all changed.. You end up having hundreds of refugees, a few dozen, maybe 100 warriors, and a trickle to a few dozen Vran.. Supplies literally trickle.. Were talking less than a weeks worth.. Forme, every single random event was some absolutely ridiculous way of supplies lost, stolen, stolen, stolen, rotten, lost, caught on fire, or some other stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥. And it happened every other day .. It got to the point where i would not bother leveling up, certainly not buying trinkets, and would spend every single Renown on supplies, only to have them completely wiped out day after day..I was finally able to sort of even out my team, by forcing myself not to use my powered up characetrs or just 1, or 2 of them, and rest constantly to get the lvl 1 guys to 2 or 3 (only because proper dialog options can net you 5, 10, 20 renown on some of the random events that arent a big F U to the caravan..So while its beautiful, and has an AMAZING story, the combat ends up sucking because of the rank up system.. Getting a ridiculous string of random events  (in my case) can cost you every last warrior, and Vran, and consistantly drain your supplies to zero.. I got to chapter 7, which is a pretty difficult defense in a city on the sea, and 2 days in, had NOTHING but Refugees.. No joke.. Not 1 single Vran, or Warrior..Edit: forgot to state that by ch.5 i had dropped the difficulty to Easy, and still couldnt just get through it to follow the story.. I have no problem in Turn Based games, and have been playign them for decades.. I had no interest in a long drawn out combat sim, and just wanted this (Ive been told) amazing story.. Easy,Med, Hard felt no different from each other.."
76561198081988103,Recommended,237990,26232702,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jsberryjr,Ive got it on my phone and playstation as well. I would buy it again if I had to.
,Recommended,237990,26236733,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,HoboHero,"unique combat system, cool art, wish it were longer"
76561198056488960,Not Recommended,237990,17971098,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Chester,Incredibly repetitive. Not worth the investment.
,Recommended,237990,22349080,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"Amazing game by ex-Bioware employee's.  There are a few mechanics I don't like (mainly the way turns are organized and the sudden difficulty spike at the end) but overal it is a lovely game, well worth the price point.   For a LET""S PLAY check out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnZKVAtxLJY&list=PLRPp9NG_m1FcTTf0nh179wQBlR9g4W4OVFull screen at:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
76561198012872922,Recommended,237990,26676874,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,237990,8860384,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Pretty disappointing. This game has a great premise and an interesting art style. However, the clumsy mechanics really ruin the experience. Combat is really bizarre - your group and the enemy group take turns, and neither you or your enemy get to choose which character to use. Damaged characters are less powerful. This leads to the best strategy in every situation being extremely counterintuitive and immersion-breaking: damage all enemies a little bit but don't kill them, and if you have a badly wounded unit you should do everything you can to get him killed ASAP so he doesn't waste your turns. Huh?"
76561198218340677,Not Recommended,237990,34695265,Posted: 2 September,all,Skrarun,"I've played this game for several hours, and ended up restarting it several times, mainlly to my lack of combat mechanics understanding.The game is beautifull and the characters are interesting. However the story is railroaded and my decisions have very little impact on the overall story (or at least it seems that way) or, you make a decision based on very little information (it is constant in this game the lack of information) and you end up running agains a horde of enemies and dying.I like the core mechanics, the soundtrack and the art, but the game lacks a lot on story and information gathering."
76561198025463260,Not Recommended,237990,34508333,Posted: 26 August,all,TheDigit_man,"An amazing world, great atmosphere, cool characters, I played this more on ps4 when it first came out.But the combat is so dull. If you don't mind really boring tactical RPGs, and just want story, you'll like it.As a fan of FFTactics and the old Fire Emblems though, this game is too slow and monotonous to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,237990,8726215,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,MUSE,"ill skip to the pros and cons since am sure most of you have read several detailed impressions of other players but ill tell you why i have downloeded the game and what did i expect from the game.Pros:(Why i bought this game?) Challenging Questions that makes me want to play the game again and see what would might happen if i picked another answer. ( you can still load to earlier savegame and change your answer )Epic Storyline and graphics. for those who like (Mulan and Sleeping beauty the developers are for sure inspired by those 2 Disney Cartoons)Gameplay: Yes its enjoyable, challenging and think hard before you make the wrong move. but ill mention some minar flaws in the cons section.Cons:(why i wanted to buy this game? )MUSIC!!! i have read over million of times about the composer and that he won so many awards and yet its really boring and i have muted the music several times because i feel the music in this game tasteless and a Abysml.Game length: Short you can end the game in 10 hours.Gameplay:(why i wanted to buy this game?) No fast forwarding during story & combat. No ( Zooming ) which i would have found it very useful sometimes if it existed.the animation when you're in combat is meh.. the archer is pointing totally in a different direction you would love to see some great action with their animation and abilities they have the animated cartoonic style yet they didn't do anything about it to put a variety of a fighting styles and techniques. Just imagine animated Masterpiece Portrait thats all. Don't expect the portrait to produce another visual effects.Map : why there is map in this game ? are you kidding me ?conclusion : does it worth  24$ well i bought the game when it was on sale. no its not worth 24$ but you will not regret buying it.so basically why did i buy this game? what have i expected? unfortunatly the cons were more important to me than the pros. No Music << they fooled me with this one. No animated game fight in combat i thought i could see more animation during combat that makes me say yeah BABY!! DIE!!If those two things weren't important to you , then Go ahead and buy it u'll enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,237990,30316007,Posted: 4 March,all,JayRob,"Boring, linear campaign with seemingly arbitrary choices and no real depth, barely any management required.  You'd have totryto fail.Battles are almost always carried out on the same bland grid square with no landmarks or variation.  Battles are not very strategic with very little reason to approach any given scenario differently.  Lack of defensive options in battle.  Classes differ very little, all only havingonespecial ability.Story and world have some potential but has poor presentation due to lack of voice acting and cutscenes.Art isbeautifuland easily the best part of the game, but it can't carry it.Overall pretty disappointed, hoping the sequels can improve."
,Not Recommended,237990,12727064,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,punishmentsmth,"TLDR: I work >60 hours every week and want a relaxing game that doesn't feel annoying. I think I'm not going to find that in the Banner Saga.Pro:--Graphic design is pleasing.Neither pro or con but you might want to know:--Story based on Norse mythology, which I personally consider a cliche but that is purely personal experience.Numeric system is simple without much room for tweaks.Con:--Unforgiving towards mistakes.Does not provide save at anytime - only autosave, which makes mistakes even more unforgiving, as to remedy one mistake you need to put up with extra long lead-up time as autosaves are not done at beginning of combat, or load an autosave several battles earlier and redo all the chores. The game seem to be following a ""force player to accept mistakes they made"" philosophy, which I consider sadly mistaken.Does not provide audio for most conversations, which forces gamer to read subtitles, which is taxing for someone who uses eye for work."
76561198058727531,Not Recommended,237990,28906519,Posted: 1 January,all,exodus.winter,Buggy Garbage
,Not Recommended,237990,9446578,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Face Smasher,"As far as turn based rpg's go, this game is pretty annoying and the point and click system in this game is aggitating."
76561198048400945,Not Recommended,237990,23526859,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,My_First_Rodeo,"Oh my, that's one tedious game. Lots of walking. Like a more boring version of Oregon Trail, except with giants and stone robots? Ugh. Waste of money..."
76561198063845400,Not Recommended,237990,13784710,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,guyinthepenny,"Not recommended.the artwork and music is nice, but like the others said the game felt incomplete.1. Your in game decision doesn't affect any major endings, in fact there is only 1 ending.2. The supply system is lackluster, you can't not foresee the day you needed to travel to another checkpoint.3. Tourial is missing some citrical points, like how to even save the game?4. The pillage system has no point, why add a useless system?5. The pursue system is the same also, enemy just randomly spawn around the map, potentially killing your carefuly placed units.6. You can only change the order in pre-combat menu but can't see what the hero classes are (how am i going to remember all the hero's classes?) and can't change their equipments.7. You must level up to change their equipments.8. Renown is limited, there show be a way to grind them, there are dredges eveywhere!From 1 to 10 I would give it a 6"
,Not Recommended,237990,10119287,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Pariah 遊俠,"This game is really really really beautiful with amazing animation, richly detailed background landscapes, and an impressive soundtrack. That is pretty much the good points of this game in a nutshell. I want to like this game so much but it falls so flat.A lot of it stems from the game's garbled mess of a story with no character development and no clear plot direction. It is hard to become invested in characters that do not seem to matter. The game's mechanics are dubious as well with no real consequences for elements such as low morale in your party, lost battles, and even the choices you make on the road simply do not matter. The dialog trees are incredibly dull, barely move the plot along, and offers no insight into character motivations, which is inherently the entire point of having dialog trees in the first place.The turn based battles are mildly engaging but are hampered by leveling system where each individual character only gains experience based on the number of kills. This system favors the already strong characters but leaves the weaker characters who are lucky if they even get one kill, let alone survive a battle, as weak characters who never level up.I was initially excited about this game but after watching the game's characters wander around aimlessly for several hours with no advancement in the storyline I lost interest and could not bring myself to finish the game. Consequently I cannot reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,237990,28919230,Posted: 1 January,all,bmi40,"It's a wonderful .However,it makes me feel like I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,237990,26277682,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Evil_sod,Yeah this is a great game.
,Recommended,237990,26294878,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HyperG󠀡 󠀡,10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10
76561198034261119,Not Recommended,237990,25348920,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,miragPL,In short - boring and repetable :/It took me only 5 hours to get bored to death by this game. The game is only about fighting various encounters (but the figting mechanic is pretty decent) and make some decisions on the way( choosing dialog options ). Compeletly linear experience.
76561198011552340,Recommended,237990,8985777,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Keilger,"Game is beautiful and evocative.  I really like it.  It has some slight shortcomings, but they do nothing to actually take away from the game."
76561198015450918,Recommended,237990,26231179,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kilik_CZ,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY !!!
76561198087348223,Not Recommended,237990,25277372,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Biggles,"Interesting story completely undermined by weak characters and lack of meaningful choices.Character development non-existent. Enemy variation non-existent. Ranged classes worthless as they have the same range as enemy melee classes. Leveling completely unbalanced with regards to enemy strength. Creating a balanced party is impossible and newly introduced characters are unleveled and not worth investing in. Godstones do nothing and add nothing to the game lore-wise, except for the last one, and even then it only benefits one character.Every choice leads to a disappointing conclusion. There is no choice where you will feel satisfied with the outcome, and usually choices result in the same consequence. Often you are asked to make the same choice multiple times throughout the game, leading to a repetitive experience.Really disappointed for a game I had high hopes for."
,Not Recommended,237990,30621969,Posted: 19 March,all,nano,"Uninteresting story, uninspired characters and boring combat."
,Recommended,237990,9680937,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Psychonaut,"With a relatively poor story, the aesthetic design, music and general feel of the game keep it together. The combat's not exactly thrilling, and the very few lines of dialogue spoken by actual voice actors is far between, somehow the game still makes a name for itself. The world is interesting and so are the characters, keeping a Game of Thrones-esque storytelling technique that works well in its favour.But how do dredge have babies?"
,Recommended,237990,9320221,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BigBarazi,"A mix between a Bioware game, a Turn Based Strategy and... Oregon Trail. The Banner saga tells the story of a world on the brink of destruction through amazing artwork, amazing audio, a phenomenal soundtrack by Journey's Austin Wintroy and great gameplay mechanics. the game is around 12 hours long and ends on a high note opening up the way to the sequel.The game takes place in a fantasy Viking world, and is told from different points of views and different characters. your choices dictate how the story progresses and can have huge immediate or delayed effect on the outcome of the story. a highly recommended experience. do not get too attached to your characters, you will never know when you will be losing oneEnglish Video review here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73KK9ft1fVsArabic Video review here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvo5-Sje84Y"
,Recommended,237990,8713412,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Killer Rabbit,"The game looks great. The animations are great. I like the subtle animations on the screen. I like the battle animations. The story so far is okay (I'm only 4 hours into it at this point). I will admit that when I saw the first line ""The gods are dead"" I rolled my eyes and thought great, it's a cliche in the first line of the game.The combat is different. Having armor and strength, having to make a decision as to which attack to make -- break armor to reduce the armor and allow subsequent attacks to do more damage or attack strength which in turn lowers the amount of damage they can do on their strength attack. Break armor attacks however are unaffected by strength, so those almost dead enemies can still pose a risk. There's a disadvantage in eliminating low health enemies while there are strong enemies still on the board.The willpower attribute is interesting in that you have a limited amount of points that can be used in strengthening attacks or moving further. Characters are limited in how much willpower they can expend, which also can be raised. This pool is limited but willpower can be gained when an enemy is killed and there are some characters that can add willpower to other characters through abilities.Here's what I don't like... the slow moving caravan moves slowly. The world looks great, but I really don't like waiting minutes for the caravan to crawl across the screen to the next destination. I get it, it's probably for effect or immersiveness, but please... can I just fast forward please? The caravan leaves... moving slowly... moving... then an event pops up. Read through it, resolve, hopefully a battle, then back to the slowly... moving... caravan. *sigh*After 4 hours I got up from playing the game and went to look at the time, thinking surely it was hours later than it was. I was surprised it was only 4 hours. It felt much longer. If this was non-stop action, that would be a good thing.  For this, not so much.With that said, I like the game so far. I don't regret the pre-order, but I'd be hardpressed to recommend it to someone at $25 unless I was really sure they'd like it. My recommendation is to find the free to play multiplayer ""Banner Saga: Factions"" and give it a shot. If you're okay with the combat system, then maybe consider the singleplayer version."
,Recommended,237990,19948211,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,droggelbecher!11,"I grabbed this game during a sale and, honestly, didn't expect too much from it. I was just bored and wanted to try something new, and while I love games with multiple choices, I had never played a turn-based RPG before. This kind of combat always scared me away for some reason - dungeon crawlers with awful graphics, annoying camera ancles and a constant bird's-eye view came to mind, in short, games from the last century which can only be valued by nostalgics.I am sure more people out there have such prejudices, and I highly encourage them to try out this game.This whole ""chessboard"" combat turned out to be incredibly fun. The art style and graphics are great, the story is interesting and the music is very beautiful. Most of the dialogues aren't voiced, but I even welcomed that. Some say the combat is unfairly hard, but there are 3 difficulty levels which you can change at any point in the game. Of course, there are some downsides, too. Mostly the short duration of the game (finished it in 7-8 hours), and watching your caravan travel in snail pace can become a bit boring at times. As always, the decisions made in-game don't really have such a big impact in the end, but that's the case with all choice-based games, from Fallout to Telltale Games to Life is Strange. But it surely has replayability, and the greatest feature is, that the game doesn't end, when you fail in combat. It just carries on with your failure and you'll have to live with the consequences. (Of course, you can reload if you wish to do so).This game is really interesting and unique, and I think everybody should give it a try."
,Not Recommended,237990,12825548,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Jyro Blade,The game falls short in every category except for wasting your time reading a story with some concept art alongside.Choices feel artibrary at best and insignificant usually.  Not a strategy game.  Just turn based storytelling.
,Not Recommended,237990,22645555,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"The Banner Saga, game about waste of time...Really like fantasy strategic games, even survival in the wilderness! Wow!But when i start this ""game"" i saw horror...Guys, do you enjoy gameplay where all  you need to do is watch caravan of people in 2D going somewhere i dont give a ♥♥♥♥ and long boring♥♥♥♥♥dialogues which happens to be only pictures with subtitles on them? Well i dont!Plot is simple, we need to unite against prime enemy (those folks are so ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥All characters you met and who seems to be nice people. they will die and you dont care about them, because they were poorly written. I will give you example ""Wow this guy is so cool, ill let him join my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2D caravan"" and then some time later ""Wow this guy died, okay"". Great.Multiplayer sucks balls.And singleplayer too.Your money goes right into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and you cant afford funeral for your wallet...1/10P.S. I think Banner Saga 2 might expand the world and bring something new, but not for me. Because it looks exactly the same♥♥♥♥♥♥like the first one, wont buy it for sure!"
76561198002645680,Not Recommended,237990,29327580,Posted: 17 January,all,that other guy,"Oregon Trail with a party full of Starks.  Don't play if you get attached to characters and become upset when they die.Other than that, beautiful artstyle and music with an intruiging story.UI can be clunky at times, espcially when using an Xbox controller."
76561198116738276,Not Recommended,237990,24160421,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Loob,Boring
76561198183247438,Not Recommended,237990,22766082,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,alexslavich,Another fantasy game that follows strict traditional gender roles.
76561197970538715,Recommended,237990,8848592,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,phenar,"Busy Person don't have much time for games any more, yet still enjoy it?BUY THIS GAME!This game is very challenging I don't mean twicth mario jump do over's. The level of quality control on this game alone is a work of art, every decision you make has an effect on the outcome of your next battle or the whole game. From the order your characters go in rotation to which characters you level and when.The game supports come and go play style, no need to have to carve out 3 hours to play the game get what time you can when you can."
,Not Recommended,237990,9078673,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/White_Rasta,The game ends half way throught the story and leaves every question unanswered. In the hopes they can make you pay three times to get the full story.
,Not Recommended,237990,28123006,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,inossidabile,"Can't really see what ppl are so hyped for. For me as a person that used to play old Heroes or, say, Baldur's Gate - it looks just familiar. And I don't find drawing amazing (taste I guess) or story incredible and unpredictably unlinear. It has something but you can't really build a text game without a story can you? So it has what it must and there it stops.Having a bundle with the 1st Saga finished I don't want to play 2nd at all."
,Not Recommended,237990,34400890,Posted: 21 August,all,zck,J'ai cru que c'était marrant de jouer des vikings mais en fait non
76561198024951436,Not Recommended,237990,34306007,Posted: 17 August,all,nowledge,"i'm used to linux games that don't work for a minute, not always, always. every os, every optimization, nothing.terrible port."
76561197980586490,Not Recommended,237990,29525681,Posted: 27 January,all,Ebichuman,Meh.
76561198084789003,Not Recommended,237990,23734567,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bakersrock01,Fecking hell! This game is so god damn slow. Watching a cart move for what feels like half the game is so stupid.
,Recommended,237990,23372772,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Eden,I accidentally clicked on Rate App
76561198010758121,Not Recommended,237990,12384359,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Banjocat,It has such potential. I consider this a story based game.. but it has very limited voice work and I rather just watch a movie or read a book then go through this game.Gameplay is subpar but that is expected since the effort was put into the story. Sadly the story is kind of dull.
,Not Recommended,237990,22818470,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Craft4,I expected a bit more :-/
76561198071093379,Not Recommended,237990,34136226,Posted: 9 August,all,Wolfgang,"What the hell its the shortest game ever lol !  I just bought this day before yesterday :/    Well imo it is NOT really a Saga  - more like a few chapters in a short novel...   Its a good game but to be cut short like that is lame especailly since i paid full price.   The art, story and overall vibe is great - very charming..  I thought there should be more equipment choices etc since its turn base but theres only one slot..  So im dissapointed its over kinda wanted to keep going but i imagine they gonna keep stringing me along with this short stuff...  No idea why there is even a map in this game unless i missed something i never had a choice on which direction to go..      Hate to give a negative review but i feel it isnt finished - also know theres Banner Saga 2 out there so i guess im just protesting the value of $20..."
,Not Recommended,237990,29921145,Posted: 14 February,all,wcr331,no chinese
76561198020969827,Not Recommended,237990,33779446,Posted: 24 July,all,Furriousbob,Game plays you. Not fun.
,Not Recommended,237990,15796160,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Geofferic,"This is simply not the game they advertised.  It's not that it's bad, but for the most part you are playing a story with decisions that have random effects you cannot predict.I mean if it's on sale and you want to see what someone else thinks is interesting story, I guess that's okay."
,Recommended,237990,8712927,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Izzatso?,"Update 23.01.2014After immense Pressure from buying Customers, finaly Subtitles are in the Game, therefore my point of view is obsolete.I recommend now the Game because of the Art and the ""Trails of Oregon"" Part.Combat is for my Taste a bore, because it's very limited in it's strategy Options.Blackguards is the superior Product in roundbased Combat.*-------------------------------------------------*No Subtitles, No Fun.I Don't Support Developers that forget about hearing impaired People like myself.It's something that should not happening 2014.This is a big Disapointment from a Newcommer Studio and tells us alot about their Values."
76561198018622683,Not Recommended,237990,26158619,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,TerribadFailNoob,"Play well, win every battle, and get rewarded by having your daughter die. F- uck this game."
76561198004413401,Recommended,237990,10663867,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[HN],The Banner Saga is a trully deep experience with a story tailored to your choices and a lot of nice characters.But the campagne is just the first act of the story and I'm a disapointed that the game stop so early.
,Not Recommended,237990,33962911,Posted: 1 August,all,Jing Kaymall,just go play fire emblem
76561198039474253,Not Recommended,237990,24915429,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,arvysltu,Just finished game and i can say only one thing...DISAPPOINTED...
76561198022097772,Not Recommended,237990,8718879,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kohle,"I can't get over there class choices. I dislike the varl, giants, so having them the 'best' tank is annoying. Also they make females weakest (only strong enough to use a bow) of all which is pretty silly since most games just treat everyone as equal to dodge the gender war. It's their game and some people like that stuff but for myself; no thanks."
76561198008051414,Not Recommended,237990,8718457,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Marshael,"Dumb Dumb Dumb DUMB!This game is a modern version of the Oregon Trail game from the 80's.  No choice whatsoever, aside from a few dialog choices,  and the game is completely linear.  You do not create a character, instead you play the one the game gives you.  This game is like playing a choose you fate novel.  I am very dissappointed.  The writing is good and the voice acting is good, but if I want a good story about Vikings I can watch The 13th warrior or the new show on the History channel.Blah, this game leaves a bad taste in my mouth, I'm never buying from Stoic again."
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,237990,15844159,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ssenkrad_II,"Is this game seriously only 5 hours long?Was 75% of that time really spent watching your people walk across the screen Oregon Trail style?Does this game really have this many positive reviews?Is this Earth?Did I really just spend all my renown on this guy and did he really just die with no way for me to avoid said death?OMG did it just give me 6 whole renown for killing 18 enemies when 4 of my people leveled up and each needs 15+ renown to ACTUALLY level up?Do you seriously need to spend renown on a hero to make his ""level up official""?OMG I can't even spend that renown to level up one person because I have to use 80% of my renown to buy resources?WTF OMG THERE ARE ITEMS TO BUY WITH RENOWN?! WITH WHAT (&^*%%$# RENOWN!?Did that enemy archer just move when I attacked him?Why the hell can't my archers do that?Did that enemy just smash his shield down and do knockback to all of my troops while damaging their armor?Why can't I do that?Is this AI difficulty really just inflated with enemies that can do $#!t that I can't? Seriously?Did those two guys just kill four of my guys because they got to move 2x more than me and the rest of my team was across the map?Who in their right mind thinks this is ""tactical""?Did that spell caster with 3 extra will just seriously do a total of 4 damage?Do my archers seriously have to be within the enemies walking distance before they can attack?Do I have more questions? Yes, but I am spending more time making these questions then I did beating this game...To find more of my reviews (the complete reviews) on games and movies check out my blog found at my Steam profile or by google (search Ashley and Micah English) Thanks."
76561198030766062,Not Recommended,237990,28158354,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tkhaatri,boring
,Not Recommended,237990,34761300,Posted: 5 September,all,nawiry,Rubbish combat and have to click quit twice to exit game.Beautiful graphics and decent sound though.
76561198051487663,Not Recommended,237990,33535067,Posted: 14 July,all,ray.lala.zh,"No chinese, no like"
,Not Recommended,237990,11688209,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,3n701u01,"Well, it's boring."
76561198084540812,Not Recommended,237990,23756928,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,some random dude,been playing the game dialong for 95% of the time ....eh no thank you
,Recommended,237990,8757245,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Jedasd,Great game 9/10
76561197995243981,Not Recommended,237990,12495497,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ironshard,Good until the end which was a let down.  Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,237990,12576559,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ktb,Too much frustrating randomness to be enjoyable.
76561198006312132,Not Recommended,237990,8713653,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,chucky,Art is beautiful..fighting scene is always fun..but too much talking and journy...it kill the atmosphere and make it really tired and bored..
76561197965274807,Not Recommended,237990,15317151,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,sonic16,"-Make choices without knowing the outcome-Trygvi and some other content are limited exclusive. You can't get it anymore. Well, if I knew it I wouldn't buy this crapy game.-I dont like giants, all this reading and useless talking between characters.+  ...  to much negative to remember anyFuc.k you devs"
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,237990,8715190,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"Less like a game more like a borng click through bad Disney movie. Yawn, I actually fell asleep after the first hour."
,Not Recommended,237990,30178200,Posted: 25 February,all,Frappy Wet,"""Popular user-defined tags for this product: Strategy ; tactical"" Hahahahahaha"
76561198002582850,Not Recommended,237990,8716296,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ahma-771,"Boring & frustrating. Nice graphics, that it."
,Not Recommended,237990,8725527,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,kawaii gamer ron paul,the banner saga is an indie game
,Not Recommended,237990,12296583,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,40s & Blunts,It's a turd.
,Not Recommended,237990,35066542,Posted: 19 September,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,"Pretty boring.The only reason I still own it, is that I forgot to refund this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198039941219,Recommended,237990,10278667,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,AlexTisdale,Amazing. I found myself so deep into the story. I was constantly worried that i was making the wrong desisions. Great game.
,Recommended,237990,10278975,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TemplarKnight,This game has EPIC music and a VERY EPIC story line that was Very well put together....The Graphics are 2D but is hand drawed and is very detailed and is beautiful <3 The fighting is turned based and it very FUN...I LOVE this game But one and only thing I dont like is ALL the reading!! Theres NO voice acting :*( But....Its VERY worth buying :)
76561198067256220,Recommended,237990,10278985,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,rabowlen,"This game is a blast to play and is truly very beautiful. The single, yet severe, drawback to this game is the story. Honestly, it feels like the story was pieced together as the game was being developed and was never edited. The plot just feels secondhand. I left this game with a ton of questions. I shouldn't have to buy a sequel (if there is one) to feel completion from a game. This has left me with a bad taste for Stoic's development and will certianly weigh in on me buying anymore of their games. I think this game is a ton of fun and hope that there will be some remedy to this story situation. If not, I think the game would be better off without story at all. I love the battle system and just want that narrative pull that makes me love a great RPG so much."
76561197966721701,Recommended,237990,10412000,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Father Ribs,"Only a few hours into this game, and I am very impressed.  This is a true saga, and more of a RPG than many purported stat min-maxing/item gathering games out there.  With an interesting story, a dismal situation where you really feel like you're fleeing and not just powering up and steamrolling enemies.  Multiple factions and constant ethical dilemnas make this very engrossing.  The mechanics of the game pace it more like a story than rush rush kill gather.  The combat is old-school too, so you can still have min-maxing and the abundance of classes (nearly every character is a distinct class) makes every combat interesting.I hope these people make more stories, and I'm glad I picked this up."
76561198050871476,Recommended,237990,10413962,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[7s7s] Lt. Cmdr. Data,Real fresh.
,Recommended,237990,10404992,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Spoderman,"A refreshingly original story driven RPG that plays almost like beautifully drawn graphic novel. While it might sound like a point and click adventure it is definitely not, as it maintains engaging and challenging strategic gameplay. If I were to make any complaints, I would say it's too short, but luckily it's only the first game in a trilogy."
,Recommended,237990,10380456,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,coffeebot,The loving indie spirit that makes games like Bastion put to a story driven tactical RPG. Cannot wait for parts 2 and 3.
76561197973605991,Recommended,237990,10381032,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,theallseeingeye,Excellent rpg with intruiging tactical combat
76561198000866243,Recommended,237990,10383081,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,strife_x87,"I dont usually do reviews just read them, but this game is one that I just had to give an opinion on.  I have so far played through this game twice and it is just awesome, the decisions you make can be brutal and decieving but that is what makes this game so good.  Sometimes characters will die never to be seen again and other times new characters will join you and it all depends on the choices you make.The tactical side is also a great feature, you have the giants who take up four squares and are strong but arent very mobile, then you have the humans who only take up one square and are more agile but are slightly weaker in strength and armour.  The game is turn based where the player takes a turn and then the enemy takes a turn in that order always until you manage to get the enemy or yourself to one character,  this is when you enter pillage mode.  In this mode basically you get to move all your characters before swapping turns for instance we have the enemy down to one character left so now I can move all my characters before he gets a turn.Each character has a class and they all level up differently and have different skills such as a warhawk who can do a massive aoe attack on every friend and foe around him.  The level cap is five for every character but in most cases you will need to rotate characters in and out of your team due to injuries so you shouldn't concentrate on leveling one team but instead try to spread the levels around.As for story you follow two sides the Varl (the Giants) and the humans both who are fighting for the same cause to rid the world of the dredge armies.overall great game definately recommend this turn based strategy rpg."
,Recommended,237990,10384227,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,rogersaurusrex,"It's hard not to focus this review on the art because it's so good and so distinctive, but since that is the initial draw that brings most people to the point of looking at reviews I'll talk more about the gameplay.Banner Saga puts you in the role of the leader of a group of soldiers and refugees at the opening of a war. You are tasked with keeping them safe and defeating the enemies you encounter along the way; no easy task as the game drives on. The combat is turn-based strategy and the interacions between battles are typically either conversations or text events where your choices either help or hinder your campaign.Banner Saga isn't overly long, but it's excellently executed and thanks to the choices you can make has replay value if you come back to it a few months later.Highly recommended."
76561198013977486,Recommended,237990,10399062,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,920punkrock1,I wish there was a workshop for this game.! So much could be added and arranged to make this game that much better. It is missing too much and could use some help from the fans!
76561198045778076,Recommended,237990,10402065,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Daroska,"How would I summarise this game as? Bittersweet.It has its fair share of great moments, between the Song of Ice & Fire storytelling, the details of the Norse themed artstyle and the clever tactical gameplay, you won't be deprived of a hearty, beautiful experience.Definitely would recommend The Banner Saga to anyone!"
,Recommended,237990,10266148,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lasher,Epic
,Not Recommended,237990,10268836,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Wokka wokka,"This is not meant to be a discouraging review.  I would like to begin about pointing out all the things I found to be positively amazing about this game: story-telling, animation style and drawing style really bring this story to life, and I am a fan of the turn-based tactics.Okay, now to the grit.  This is a very monotonous game in terms of gameplay.  You will see there's a ""map"" feature where you can see all these places that you have absolutely no control over whether or not you visit any of them.  You are compelled at every step of the way to follow a pre-determined path.  Much like Oregon Trail, you're given random encounters and chances to make decisions that affect gameplay.  This is good!  However, those decisions are largely minor details.  This is not so good.The game is featured in this robust, rich environment that one can hardly ever interact with.  Achievements are unlocked at almost an equally monotonous pace.  At the end of the game, one is left feeling like the story was never truly told.  You don't get to find out what happens after the final boss is ""slain"".  They really don't even seem to unfold any story about how anything got to be the way it was.In conclusion, I found this game immensely frustrating.  Because if it straight up sucked - I would have no problem just saying, ""this game was no fun to play.""  The problem is that it has so much potential -- so much so you wished they took the time to do more with it.  Unfortunately, I picked up this game at $25.  Was this game worth $25?  In so many ways yes - but in so many MORE ways (if one were to judge it simply as a game and not for all the artwork and music that they put into it) NO."
76561198022466379,Recommended,237990,10241332,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,MrBlonde177,"This is a viking Oregon Trail. Amazing music and visuals. Solid gameplay if not a bit simplistic. Ran into three crashes during play, some during combat, some during load screens. Be prepared for a couple short cutscenes throughout the game and the rest is all reading while characters stand stationary.  Ending seemed a bit abrupt.  Overall quite good, would definitely buy on sale as it is fairly short and the replay value is moderately good. Beginning second playthrough now..."
76561198050434471,Not Recommended,237990,10243265,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,celbrion,"My expectations from this game was very high. I like turn-based games. I like games with good 2d graphics. I like storytelling in games. This games gives all of these in a successful manner.So why is my review negative?Well, I can't play the game. Bugs. Or THE bug.My game has a bug that causes to freezing in random loading screens. Sometimes it happens at the startup loading, sometimes after a battle. But it happens so oftenly. Let's say I had two battles consequtively. Bam, game freezes in the loading screen. OK, replay those two battles. Bam, game freezes again after the battles (this is randomly). I can't play a game like this.Game seems good, sounds good. But what is it for if I can't play it properly? I highly not recommend this game because of the fatal bugs, unless you want to play a gamble with your money.Note: I have tried reinstalling, verifying integrity cache many times. No solutions."
76561198126268629,Recommended,237990,10243285,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,charles_tod,bbvbdfbb
76561198004361270,Recommended,237990,10244954,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,George,"I really enjoyed this game. It's incredibly immersive, with everything from a gripping story, well-drawn characters, and a superb fictional world. In terms of gameplay, it mixes RPG and Strategy elements, somewhat like the Final Fantasy Tactics series, and the balance works very well.The only thing I don't like is that it's a bit short - it took me about 9 hours to complete on my first play through - and the story ends quite suddenly. The ending doesn't exactly tie up all the loose ends, but hopefully DLC or a sequel will be brought out to solve that.On the whole though, it's fantastic, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a fun single-player game that will keep you interested from start to finish. I bought it for about £11 because of a 40% off deal and I found it great value for money."
76561197993433756,Recommended,237990,10245904,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CoerciveUtopian,It's Oregon Trail with vikings and an occasional chess-like fighting mini game.
,Recommended,237990,10318709,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Othello500,"Strong story, great characters, tactical gameplay, an excellent score, and choices that turly matter to your clansmen make this game a no brainer. Worth ever penny spent. Can't wait for the other two installments."
76561198007628361,Recommended,237990,10238258,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wamainon,"I am four hours into the game.Pros: The artwork is beautiful, the story is pretty good, it was on sale, the branching storyline due to what you choose is interesting! The combat on the archers' side is pretty simple & funCons: The combats on the vaal's side and the ""war"" mode is frustrating, repetitive, and dull. 1) Vaal's are like giant hulks of slow, very slow meat that can neither attack range or heal, they can hardly get to where they're trying to go most of the time 2) ""War"" requires you to fight twice without healing so you can save more troops, that's work 3) Trying to have enough supplies and keeping morale high but not being able to hunt for food is like Oregon Trail but worseIt's a good game if you're looking for a bit of a challenge."
76561198003944498,Recommended,237990,10307800,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Prime084,"Beautiful game, touches the heart throughout"
,Recommended,237990,10295882,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,♐Monkey♥,"This is an amazing work of art, for starters. To keep it brief as can be, it's Oregon Trail in terms of ""Watch something move across a horizon while waiting for♥♥♥♥♥♥to go wrong that needs your attention"".It isn't as ruthless and esoteric as the problems you would face in Oregon Trail, but it doesn't pull its punches. People will die, it will be your fault, and you will struggle with the guilt and shame to the very end. ""Could I have done better? Could I have saved so many people's lives?"" is a question that lingers with me after completion.That's a good point to say the game is brief. It's part 1 of a trilogy. I had no idea until a google search pulled up that information. In regards to a first act this is quite the package. It ends so abruptly, but it couldn't end on a more painful and lingering note that demands you look forward to sequels.Aside from the scenarioes requesting your tense attention, there are several tactics-RPG style combat episodes. Enough to not feel like the game is void of tactic content, but also scattered enough to feel it does not take the role of being a tactics game first, before good story telling. The tactics depth in this game may not be as diverse as titles like Disgaea in terms of units and customization, however it is a brilliantly done experience. You'll find yourself forced to pace out a battle rather than simply focus-firing down targets in quick succession. Balancing weakening your opponents to prevent more pain dealt to yours, and preparing them for the decisive blow to end them- and most importantly the When.8/10. If this game was delivered as the whole package, it would easily deserve a 10/10 for its remarkable content and storytelling, especially with the agency you have within to feel the guilt and consequences continue to burn down through the course of your adventure. The gameplay, the story, and visual/audio art comes together into an experience that could not have been delivered better, save for the whole deal."
,Recommended,237990,10313102,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Phyreball,Great Turn Based Strategy game.  Also actually has real consequences to certain decisions during dialogue.  I would give it a 9 out of ten but some of the specials and the leveing system feel rigid. So 8 out of 10!
,Recommended,237990,10314536,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,emakar,nice atmosphere game with living characters
76561198046425136,Recommended,237990,10314627,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,tehxborgenator,"Good story with surprising, but not outlandish, plot twists. The fights are well balanced and can be refreshingly tough even towards the end of the game."
,Recommended,237990,10316559,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Oromë,GREAT!
76561198023712941,Recommended,237990,10318512,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,e.dodman1,"The Banner Saga, is an imersive tale steeped in the mythos of Nord culture. The game thrusts you into a world in which your decisions have weight effecting the story and the events that ocurr, creating  real emotive connections with the charachters. The beauty in the animation of the game, comparable to the old disney classics, especially The Sword in the Stone, is unique and imediatly intregues and grips the player. In terms of gamplay the chess like combat sequences are tense due to the weight they have, which occurs due to the foundation of imersion. Although to an extent repetitive there is enough charachter progression and variety to keep the player gripped, however the real stregth in the Banner Saga is its mythical setting, aethetic design and overall imersive feel which keeps the player wanting more. The game feels like an old nordic saga, a saga which has not yet been written, a saga in which the player still controls his fate."
,Recommended,237990,10473744,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,swozey,It's slow but you make the decisions and it's fun. Great story. Incredible art and soundtrack.
76561198027783122,Recommended,237990,10478080,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Slayerformayor,"I can't say enough about Banner Saga. Great story. Simple, yet engrossing combat. Art style. 10/10."
76561198006599354,Recommended,237990,10473384,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,nevar01,Awesome game!
,Recommended,237990,10523913,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,limetom,"An excellent turn-based strategy game.Visually, it is a beautiful game. The art style fits well, and the animations are well done. The ""animated painting""-style backgrounds add lots of subtle detail that really shows the team put a lot of effort and thought into the visuals.What audio there is is excellent. I realize that voiceover work is expensive and time-consuming, and that this was funded through Kickstarter, so it's understandable that it's not there in the final product. Would have been nice if it had been possible.The gameplay doesn't stray particularly far from the traditional turn-based strategy standards. Most gameplay elements are intuitive, though I personally would prefer on-hover tooltips in addition to the help menu system as they have implemented it the game. The game is difficult, and would be especially so for players who aren't as familiar with turn-based strategy games, but not overwhelming, and I never got the sense that I was constantly losing outside of the very early stages of the game. The gameplay itself had a sense of progress in terms of how good I felt at the game.The setting is intriguing, and it shows the developers were planning ahead for further games set in this universe, as there is much left unexplored and unexplained. The story itself usually resists the urges of the usual fantasy tropes--especially when it comes to the portrayal of women, and really comes across as a mature endeavor.Overall, I would recommend this game. Visually, it is a work of art, and gameplay-wise, it is a challenging, but not frustrating. The story is deep and engaging."
76561198091604584,Recommended,237990,10523981,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,murphdoch,"Bought during a price drop ($15) and I feel I got my moneys worth.  I will second a lot of other user's negativity toward combat, resources and the final battle.  By no means a perfect game, but a good game that was enjoyable.  I look foward to seeing these developers improve in their next effort!"
76561197987254355,Recommended,237990,10186929,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Broadside,Awesome
76561198039320646,Recommended,237990,10187654,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Little_Valley,"Fantastic game, great story infused with a nordic theme, intertwined with a turn based strategy game.The art is stunning and the character animations are creative and bring life to the game.The game really sucks you in and you can easily spend 4 hours playing without realising how much time has past,  i am in love with this game. 5 stars!"
76561197978024377,Recommended,237990,10188040,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,shaseki,By far one of the immersive turned based strats that has come out in 2014. It shows dedication to Viking Lore and an attention to detail which other strats have missed. The unique blend and concept to leveling along with the twists and turns the story plotline takes you makes you reload previously saved games and try the last hour again .... one word to remember...Rations....
76561197978691497,Recommended,237990,10188629,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sparko,"Beautiful artwork, incredible music. Great game. However, the combat system is less then exciting for the most part, and I wish there was voice acting for the story."
,Recommended,237990,9963275,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,fiendling,"A beautiful and bleak game with one of the best art-styles I've ever seen.I thoroughly enjoyed the developing story, the impact of your choices and the characters.The combat was pretty good but for the most challenging experience I recommend playing on hard difficulty."
76561198025410191,Recommended,237990,10188919,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Xeon,+1
,Recommended,237990,10189048,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Saoirc,"If you're thinking about buyint this game because it's on sale, do it. It's short but it's amazing 100% of the way through."
,Recommended,237990,18977836,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Orphaeon,"Wow... this game! I came into it with high expectations and it delivered. It was fairly difficult to get over the first 3 hours or so, the story was a bit tough to get behind, but fight was fun and the characters had quite a bit of depth.After that it was a marathon, sped up through it in something like 2 days. Feels a bit bad for my time management, but had a BUNCH of fun.The game gives you much more than just tactical combat (which kinda fluctuates in difficulty across the game and finds an unnecessary spike in end-game, in my opinion).My favourite part, by far, was deciding on the small calls you have to make throughout your journey and seeing how they play out. I went with the calls that I would make in real life, and it ended up being quite emotional towards the late game.I still think, like I mentioned, that the ending battle was unnecessarily difficult, but hey, if you don't feel like grinding it, just change the difficulty (which I did). Also, quite strangely, it ends with a loose end, which left a question mark in my head, but other than that, just BRILLIANT!"
,Recommended,237990,18896307,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CHIEVE JOBS 汽 波 煙 食,"Tried this game on my phone a while back and it didn't really grab my attention that well. Gave it another shot on PC and now it's one of my favorite games. Incredible atmosphere and music, beautiful graphics and satisfying gameplay. An absolute gem"
76561198006410400,Recommended,237990,18894362,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Najma Rozaline,Good :)
76561198013489232,Recommended,237990,18897701,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Struggler,"One of the Best games, I have ever played.Make one about Leif Erickson, Eric the Red's kid.I'll buy at full price."
76561198072960036,Recommended,237990,18917814,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Amdis,"I've never actually been moved to write a review before, so I'll keep it short.I absolutely loved The Banner Saga. The game is beautiful and the story and its characters are complex, funny and emotional.While combat can be frustrating, difficulty can be changed at any time if you come up against anything too tricky.Substance and style exude from every corner of this game, one for the story lovers out there!"
,Recommended,237990,18916224,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Wulfric,"An excellent indie game with an interesting world, awesome story and piquant characters (so far). The only flaw, except for a few insignificant ones, is the lack of detail in the combat system. Other than that, I highly recommend it to everyone."
76561197985149256,Recommended,237990,18923084,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Luc Jolivet,super bon turn based strategy
76561198089743541,Recommended,237990,18901366,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,comet_racer,"10/10Deep, beautiful and epic. Gameplay mechanics is awesome.Games can be art."
76561197973981099,Recommended,237990,18887099,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jericho,Oregon trail meets FF tactics
,Not Recommended,237990,18902642,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,bunnybinky,"I could almost recommend this game because everything up until the final boss is amazing. I loved it all - the music, the artwork, the plot, all of it. I even liked the dipping in and out of characters, which some people hated, and although the gamey combat took a little while to get used to, I could get behind it. I didn't even mind the twist that others had mentioned, mainly because no one died in mine, and a hero I'd never spent much time on left the caravan.What utterly destroyed this game for me was the final boss. The difficulty spike is something else. You spend all this time fighting minor battles - I think I lost one, maybe? - and then you're confronted with this boss that requires you to have levelled up very specific characters and focused on armor-breaking, which I wasn't aware of. I spent my renown on supplies and didn't realise what armor-breaking was really used for, since at no point was that explained. So when I got to the final battle, and was essentially penalised for playing the game in the way that I had wanted to (which is supposed to be an important part of this), it left a sour taste in my mouth. If I had chosen specific characters to focus on, never purchased supplies, and entered every fight I could, the final battle would have been a breeze. But I didn't, because I thought the game was about choice, and I didn't realise that any choices I made that weren't the ones intended for me by the creators would eventually screw me.It should be just as hard to win the final battle if you choose one character over another or focus on some skills over others. There should be some sort of benefit to buying supplies so people don't starve to death rather than levelling up your characters. All roads should lead to Rome, if you get what I'm saying; you shouldn't be penalised for playing the game in a different way to the unexplained 'optimal' one. Sure, choosing food over strength should penalise your ability to fight somewhat, but it should also net you some reward. The choices you make shouldn't be dead ends; they should lead to a different outcome. And that outcome shouldn't be win/fail.The struggle of having to re-evaluate all the tactics I'd been learning through the game, of trying to figure out what they meant by 'shoot when his armor is weak enough', of having to include characters I hadn't been levelling to win, of facing a boss that is ridiculously powerful with no precursors, of dealing with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tiring AI... it ruined the game absolutely. I couldn't even remember why I was doing this, why I cared. And that's a shame, because most of the story is so good."
76561198116359557,Recommended,237990,18918016,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,⍟ Jerwin,good gam
76561198074126355,Recommended,237990,18920482,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,MMccathron,"I don't imagine it bears repeating what others may have said, but this game is going to be great fun for anyone with fond memories of Oregon Trail or Final Fantasy Tactics. It's got an engaging storyline, like-able characters and the game is just flat out beautiful. Seriously, they could sell the backgrounds as art and I'd buy. Some have criticised the lack of voice acting, and while of course it would have been great it's also important to remember it's an indie game and the resources they did have were spent to good effect in story, art, and gameplay. In short, pick it up."
76561198052373315,Recommended,237990,18918929,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Iddepi486,"TL;DR - Buy if reading dialogue doesn't bother you.The story is excellent.  It really rewards you if you stop thinking like a gamer and think like someone trying to survive in that world.  The ending is somewhat bittersweet, but personally I loved it.If you read the other reviews, you'll see a mixed message on difficulty.  It's really all about your choices.This game is really hard to write a review for.  I could give you advice, but either you'll make different choices than I did, and it won't apply, or you'll feel like I spoiled the game for you.The one thing I know a lot of people have complained about it the lack of voice acting.  For me, this wasn't an issue since I'm an avid reader in addition to being a gamer.  If you enjoy fantasy novels, this game plays kinda like a choose-your-own-adventure novel, except with excellent visuals and way less cheesy."
76561198215675737,Recommended,237990,18888891,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,McCarron,"The characters are fairly deep, and the choices are never easy. This is a compelling story driven strategy game. I wish there were more games of this calibre."
76561197978653640,Recommended,237990,18891864,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Timmorn,"Really loved this game! I like the combination of turn-based combat and adventure game choices. The star of the show is the setting and the artwork, though. The animation is not that great, and there's not a lot of it, but the art is amazing and this style is not seen often in videogames. Aside from that the landscape scenes, where your party travels from encounter to encounter, are amazing! Inspired by Eyvind Earle, which you can really see, they actually serve the purpose of communicating the scale and hopelessness of your journey.The story is very well delivered, and I'm really excited to see what they will do with it next, as it does not seem finished and a lot of questions go unanswered (which is a good thing, the mystery helps sell the whole setting).Basically, play this game!"
76561197999212371,Recommended,237990,18892144,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,twitch.com/dangjohnny,Engaging story and fun game play
,Recommended,237990,18893802,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Statboy,"This is my favorite game I've ever played. The story is amazing the artwork is beautiful the music is hands down the best music I've heard in a video game. The gameplay is half oregon trail half turn based strategy, though it does both in a new way that is incredibly challenging and fun. This is a very emotional game, and I can't wait for the sequel to come out"
76561197990667701,Recommended,237990,18914538,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Shablaomi,"Great game, really beautiful and fun. The game is rich with lore and the score is amazing, really captures the feel of the game. The game had a really god game of thrones-ish moment too. I had no expectations before playing this, so I was really surprised and pleased with my purchase. Only thing I hated was the final boss, annoyingly difficult and even after lowering the difficulity it took me several attempts before I beat it. I also wish there were more cutscenes or something to show of the scope of the battles. 9/10"
76561198007550166,Recommended,237990,18908248,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,jer7998,Just started playing but love every aspect of the game.  I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good story and tactical rpg battles.
,Recommended,237990,18864454,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,EerieJones,If you are interested in:-scandinavian aesthetics-good story-turn-based tactical combatsGet this!Feels really good killing them dredges!
76561198039521939,Recommended,237990,18946752,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,StealerofSuns,"Just amazing. I never imagine how immersive this game could be. Far moreso than even most games on 3D engines. Great characters, such a great world, it's just freaking awesome."
,Recommended,237990,18939901,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chachi!,"Awesome game with great artwork!I found that i lost myself in the story and the lore right away. First time in quite a while a rpg game did that to me.Nice tactics, Its hard that you can loose a caracter mid/lategame and you have to change your style. Forces you to retink your strategy, its refreshing!Great game, buy it!"
76561198006520555,Recommended,237990,18937317,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Gary The Metrosexual Fruitcake,Great game!
76561198061143746,Recommended,237990,18937609,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,jsau555,Amazing RPG with a cool art style and great soundtrack. Easily worth the money!
76561198006110822,Recommended,237990,18997516,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,tdxandrew,Fantastic game with an interesting art style and strategy laden combat system. Can't wait for the next one!
,Recommended,237990,19005868,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Slotted Pig,"This is a great game, amazing art, super fun playing style and leaves you wanting more. I'd recommend this game for sure! Money well spent..."
,Recommended,237990,18987302,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,iamdna,"Exceptional gameplay and scenery! I really got excited with the concept art and of course with the music! The battle system is as easy as it can get and the story - is really an epic tale!To play the devil's advocate though, I want to say that the only thing that I missed in the whole game is the narration, and I think I would liked it more if the cut scenes were enriched with simple animation. As a non-English I sometimes found trouble in understanding some of the dialogue - therefore the story... Personally I think a narration would make the game even more enjoyable.Nevertheless it is beautiful and truly emotional! I was very glad to hear that a secont installment is on it's way!"
76561198008472034,Recommended,237990,18999596,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Aktheus,Enjoyed the story and really liked it.
,Recommended,237990,19000381,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Nacho,"The art is really nice. The theme, very interesting. The gameplay is a bit awkward having to click constantly to advance in the sequences and dialogs (it could be automated). The translation to Spanish is absolutely AWFUL. Who the hell has written that?"
,Recommended,237990,18971927,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,dreadgnat,"Its a beautiful game, not so much even in terms of visuals, but in the story.  The game has a poetry and it leads you on an epic storybook-like tale.  You make meaningful decisions along the way, and based on those decisions your people, including playable companions might live or die.I'm writing this before banner saga 2 has been released, but the developers are saying that your actions in the first game will carry over which makes your actions in the first game all the more important.  The combat system is also a lot more interesting than a lot of tactical rpgs, and despite knowing the story, I've played the game all the way through 4 or 5 times now just because of how fun the combat is.I highly recommend this game."
76561198023528824,Recommended,237990,18872690,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Beautifull, immersive, strategic and hell of a lot of fun+ characters with depth to it+ it's freaking awesome!"
76561198006644191,Recommended,237990,18990232,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Myshkin,"Beautiful art.Story is nice.This is the only turn-based game, which I found the battle rules enjoyable. Especially the initative system is awfully implemented. Basically, there are cases you should not attack an enemy unit and pass turns, so the enemy initative is spread amongst weaker units.Eventually battle rules killed the fun for me.Only recommend to buy on sale.If they add an option with revised iniative rules, I would easily rate it as 8+.Overall 6.5/10."
76561198067403482,Recommended,237990,18982819,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,jakanddaxter1999,All I can say is awsome
,Recommended,237990,18992660,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Bob Grim,"Great game. One warning though, you will lust for more afterwards."
76561197995301224,Recommended,237990,11204984,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Koffing,Я даю тебе свое слово.Свою клятву.Мы обязательно выживем.
76561198037277484,Recommended,237990,19074689,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Booniak,"Really good game, pretty challenging with a  refreshing story and universe! Now translated in a lot more languages, which add a lot because of the complexity of vocabulary used in the dialogs."
76561198041255626,Recommended,237990,19349438,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Fantastic Jen,IT SO GOOD
,Recommended,237990,19351060,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,walrus helmet,"Beautiful art and a masterpiece of a setting surroudn this tactical battle game with elements reminiscent of Oregon Trail and FTL. But easily frustrated people beware - characters will be removed forever without warning, or through event dialogues that are IMPOSSIBLE to forsee what will happen, based on the choices offered to you.The game is modestly challenging without much effort, so even with losing leveled soldiers due to no fault of your own you should still be able to complete the game. But it all feels out of your hands.Worth $5. Would be much better if they gave players more real power."
,Recommended,237990,19356269,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Artimage,"Fantastically presented world, great art style, great combat system, though not for people not willing to think it through."
76561198057004835,Recommended,237990,19426124,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KoshkaLukoshko,"One of the best games I've ever played, both gameplay and story wise."
76561198094706467,Recommended,237990,8812997,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,sachadek,"Ill make this short...Excellent art and sound. However, there was very little voice acting or animation.The turn based combat was fun and had some interesting add ins. It does become stagnant with limited amounts of enemy variety and no terrain involvement.Storyline is interesting but very much to short. There is only one path. The only question is how good or bad do you want to be on that path.Overall I would say a good buy but don't expect the story or combat to blow your mind."
76561198029032070,Recommended,237990,8813696,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,coreyzx,Great game.  Had a snow day and beat it in a day.  Definitely worth playing.
76561198029000665,Recommended,237990,8813875,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Scooter King,It's like Game of Thrones meets Oregon Trail all tied together with a brilliant fantasy viking storyline. Simply stunning.
,Recommended,237990,8813996,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,GAME OGRE,"Oregon Trail meets Turn Based Tactics games, like those Lord of the Rings or Final Fantasy ones.. The setting and disney-esque art style caught my attention, but I was worried that the turn based battle system would bore me over time as I never really got into those types of games, but this game DEFINITELY changed my mind.The combat is fast paced by typicL turn-based standards in my opinion and can get intense when balancing what moves to use, focusing either on offensive or dfensive strategies depending on your Dredge enemies strength and types. Each of your fighters are unique in ability, ranging from guys with spears and bows for specialist moves to using a race of human giants called Varls to tank or destroy enemy positions. This is made further interesting when you have to consider even more so what health level your characters are at, as the amount of damage a character can do is directly tied to their health level, which you can either bolster with willpower points used for specials or leveling up after a battle when resting.Dying in a fight doesn't seem to cause permanent character death, but will cause them to be less effective in any further fights if not given time rest, though you'll have to balance that with how much time you can allow your caravan rest without further danger or complications out of combat, and have ample supplies ready to be eaten early. I also found it wasn't the fighting that was most intense, but the decision you make after and out of combat to be the most harrowing. One wrong decision when on your journey for the survival of yourself and your clansmen, and it is likely someone important like a fighter character or A LOT of people will die, of sudden ambushes, starvation and the like.This games is definitely for those that either like strategy games, role playing games, or hell both. Definitely worth a fair chance, even by those that usually avoid these types of strategy games. Also I mean come on, FANTASY VIKINGS/NORDICS! Those are always at least a little bit fun."
76561198105585045,Recommended,237990,8814009,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Grimzod,"Simply Awesome, challenging battles, amazing story, unique music, voice actors! Cartoon like drawings, general great feeling!Are only a few of the things that make this game fantastic! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,237990,8815072,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Fentros,Just put up a pretty detailed first impressions for The Banner Saga. I think this’ll help when making a decision on whether to buy or not.http://youtu.be/xOY-QxK715w
,Recommended,237990,8778013,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mr. Bucket,Great Game! Must play if turn based strategy and vikings are your thing. Think oregon trail meets viking and game of throne style cruelty towards charaters.
76561198027827247,Recommended,237990,8815274,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Detlef Fleisher,This game is good.
76561198064304997,Recommended,237990,8815325,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Clownthulhu,"I highly recommend this game for those that love story, art, and strategy. The combat system is awesome. It's easy to learn, but a little difficult to master. Once you find that nice new strategy or trick to get through fights more effectivly, you feel a great sense of success and accomplishment. While the combat is great, the story and the art is where it's at. The landscapes are beautifully drawn and there are a ton of little details in the artwork that have stories of their own. The story of the game itself had me thinking of something from The Song of Ice and Fire series. This game gets you attached to characters and if you aren't carefull, or sometimes just to pull a George R.R. Martin, you'll have those characters violently ripped from you in a way that makes you feel guilty for not saving them. The game is full of moments that make you feel happy, depressed, relieved, exited, and afraid. Highest of fives to the developers of this game. They did an amazing job, completely worth the money. And if you want a trial, download their free multiplayer game ""The Banner Saga: Factions"". While it doesn't give you the amazing elements of the story, it lets you try out the combat and get a feel for the game. The Banner Saga is, once again, well worth your money."
,Recommended,237990,8815547,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Fudwud De Amphibian,"This game has been one of the most immersive experiences I've had in a long time. I freakin love the story, and I love the strategy fighting. The choices it makes available range from trivial to life changing, which is something I really like. 10/10, worth every penny. In my opinion, worth more"
,Recommended,237990,8815615,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Bloodskal,"This is, by a wide margin, one of the most beautiful looking, sounding, and feeling games that I've played in a long time (since Shadow of the Colossus, at least). This is one of the most heartwrenching epic adventures I've every played, and once I wind down, I plan to play it through again. 10/10"
76561197973207475,Recommended,237990,8815672,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,dukewilleo1630,Great game!  Definitely feels like you a plopped into the middle of some epic poem.
76561197999949002,Recommended,237990,8816424,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,babylobsters,"really fun, exciting, game.  The story grips you and you get the sense of total helpless.  At first you are feelin great about carvan you have then you are hating life because you can only watch as your carvan slowly dies.  You really feel for the characters and they can Die in a snap of a sentence poof gone.  I haven't finished a game in a long time now and this one was totally worth it.  Good story fun gameplay totally doing a second play through to see what i can do differently"
,Recommended,237990,8816435,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,simplybroseph,"Very solid turn-based gameplay, with some of the most beautiful and imaginative art I've seen in some time. Combined with a powerful soundtrack, as well as vast and compelling lore, Banner Saga is phenomenal."
,Recommended,237990,8816466,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Aldenard,Just finished the game and loved it thoroughly.  It plays somewhat like a crossover of The Oregon Trail with tactical turn-based combat.  I really got into the world of The Banner Saga and hope to see it expanded into various game types.  I'm looking forward to the following chapters.
76561198007097122,Recommended,237990,8816645,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,fortytwo,"Damn , really enjoyed playing this one. Story, gameplay were excellent. Can't wait for the sequels"
,Recommended,237990,9002765,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Mag0ne,"Brutal decisions to be made.  An RPG that breaks the current trends, and it's glorious."
76561197994764460,Recommended,237990,9003012,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,The Rapist Bill Clinton,"Great game, great story."
,Recommended,237990,8984029,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Daggorth,"KING CAN SUCK MY-*Ahem*""The Banner Saga"" is what I'd describe as being a ""Low Fantasy-Viking Epic-SRPG-Multiple Choice Exam.""The campaign puts you in control of one of two caravans (each with their own respective units) which are either fleeing or trying to fight back against an invasion of the mysterious, warlike, and seemingly inorganic Dredge. The perspective flips between the two caravans at several points throughout the story which should keep most players engaged should they grow bored with the story of one caravan.The battles are pretty much standard fare. They take place on a square map and make use of a grid upon which units move. The major deviation from the norm that I noticed is that your units have TWO ""health bars:"" Armor and Strength. Armor functions as a mitigator to damage against Strength. Also, Strength and Health are effectively one and the same. As a unit takes damage to its health/strength, they deal lesser amounts of damage and come closer to being knocked out (permadeath for individual characters IS present, but only through choices made in the story.)As your caravan travels, they expend the supplies which are needed to keep your caravan from dying of starvation. You can fairly easily maintain your supply count by spending ""Renown,"" the game's currency which you gain from story choices, winning battles, and killing enemies. However, renown is also used to upgrade units and to purchase equipment. So juggling the effectiveness of your units with the wellbeing of your caravan can be a bit tricky.All in all, I found the ""The Banner Saga"" to be fairly challenging and I would recommend it to any gamers who're fond of RPGs and strategy games."
76561197968197050,Not Recommended,237990,8988182,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,CommanderWaffle,"The Banner Sage seems like it was meant to be a well done graphic novel or movie, and somewhere along the way they decided to make it into a game. But it falls far short of being engaging or fun. They've certainly built a beautiful and well-populated world with a rich map and lots of back story. But in the end your choices don't seem much to matter and the chess style combat is boring. I was woo'd by the graphics and some of the reviews into buying this game, but it just isn't fun. While the game kicks off with sweeping landscapes and cinematics, it quickly falls flat as you spend the next ten minutes reading text-only dialogue that seems to have been written by a college freshman. And once you hit combat, you quickly realize why this game is a dud. Unlike successful turn-based games like Civilization or XCOM, where you manipulate your armies and make a series of choices in a turn, in Banner Sage you will tediously take turns moving a single soldier and then waiting for the opponent to move one soldier in an ill-defined ""initiative"" order. So you conceivably could move your hero, and then have to wait six or so turns before you can move him again, and the characters lack the well-defined individuality of a Dungeons and Dragons or other RPG instead boasting only armor and strength characteristics, so instead of a stratgeic chess game or an engaging RPG, The Banner Saga ends up as a tedious combination of The Oregon Trail and backgammon."
,Recommended,237990,9961688,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,HelloCthulhu,"Recommended, if you already think this game might be for you. It's not bad, it's just nothing special. A bit too linear for my tastes, and the idea of ""consequence"" is mostly a way to make you play other characters than you might have wanted to.Too many times I felt control slip out of my hands for no good reason.But still, it was entertaining."
76561198082832733,Recommended,237990,9979954,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Saucy Jimbo,"Awesome story, awesome soundtrack and awesome gameplay! Love it!"
76561198066969569,Recommended,237990,9984267,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Fennrir,A great adventure that is beutifully crafted and has a story that drags you right in and does not let go.
76561198069975974,Not Recommended,237990,9862405,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mannly Mann,"As fun as the game is, it has one major problem. The game will ""crash"" by holding on a loading screen. From that point on, you will be unable to play it unless you uninstall it from your computer and then reinstall it. And by that point, me personally, I don't even want to play anymore so I move to a new game. It's a good story so far, but every time it crashes I'm done. Fed up with it, no longer playing. At least wait for it to be cheaper. Not worth the 25 bucks."
76561198072442206,Recommended,237990,9864549,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,dominicheath,"Really enjoyed it, has a nice mix of combat and general leadership choices.  Beautiful artwork too!"
76561198031954835,Recommended,237990,9864693,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Dragonlord4,"An emotional look in to the struggle for survival during dark and dangerous times. If you like Vikings, Tough moral choices and turn based RPG strategy, look no further. One of the better looking games I've played and and the story can be very engaging. And since your choices impact the story there are lots of possibilities for replaying. It really is a quality game"
76561198030720893,Not Recommended,237990,9650957,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Vuriche,"This is a great game that really captivates you with a colourful and vibrant setting and fantastic visuals. I'd recommend it to anyone who cherish a good story and intriguing characters. It has a very functional and fast-paced, turn-based combat system and the choices you're constantly pressed to make really do have an impact on the story that unfolds before you. I've enjoyed every moment of it thus far.So why the thumbs down? Inexcusably, it doesn't work in off-line mode. This really ticks me off. My internet can be shaky and this game has absolutely no on-line component whatsoever. Fix it. Now."
76561198007850008,Recommended,237990,9568743,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,LadyBoys,Great story really interactive plus soundtack and art is mind blowing
76561197968571725,Recommended,237990,9576081,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Kryptman,"One of the best story driven games I have experienced.  There is two more parts of the game though, if you are looking for a heroic saga that draws you in this is it.  Be mindful that this is ashort game though."
76561198031794528,Not Recommended,237990,9579815,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Theholyevil,"To be honest, I was kind of disappointed with banner saga. The begining looked wonderful, and the art style is beyond my expectations. That being said, you eventually have to play the game. The game is like Oregon trail, where you lose supplies/people because you didn't guess the right prompt.  The story is told though dialog boxes which severely disappointed me considering the opening annimation was awesome. Then the rest was just a guy standing there in a picture with a dialog box; he doesn't move his mouth or motion, just a portriat of him. Then entire game.Combat has.... some..... stratagy to it. Armor and strength. You wittle away armor and try to take away as much strength as you can before the enemy does. In same cases, the AI doesn't play statigically and just hits the closest thing to it. In some cases they focus one target until it is dead. increasing the difficultly only adds more AI with this midset. Of course, you play the same tactic, only to realize each hero can only level up by last hitting the enemy. So yea, some stratagy.Some spoilers beyond this point but was my biggest gripe with the game. The story is cut half way through the game, leaving alot of room for a sequel. Though, trying to justify the price of $25 for a story that is cut just at the good part made me feel more conned then hoping for a sequel. Kind of like Halo 2 ""Sir, to finish this fight"" CREDITS!"
,Recommended,237990,9573186,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Averagus,"I would have very likely overlooked this game completely if not for its promotion onEpicBattleAxe.com. That is my major bias out there for all to see. But another bias I have is a love for turn-based RPG titles that first bloomed with the original Jagged Alliance.Even after reading reviews, watching videos and listening to a lengthy discussion of the title, I admit to being unsure as to what sort of game to expect. The gorgeous art style and the fact that it is a turn-based RPG are the only two things I really knew before purchasing the title. Nonetheless, I was almost immediately impressed and addicted soon after.The Banner Saga is a minimalistic title that some may more bluntly call simplistic. This would be a fair criticism but the game presented a satisfying challenge throughout and most importantly, encouraged me (the player) to live with the decisions I made. This is where the simplicity ends and the nuanced and often dark morality of the title plays out. There aren't really any good or bad decisions to make and I was careful to police myself in accepting the consequences of my actions. This is something that is encouraged with recording progress being restricted to an autosave feature.Many of the design choices that may superficially seem unsophisticated became sensible after experiencing them. This is true of everything from the combat to the progression system. What was most important to me was that every little choice truly seemed to matter whether immediately or much later in the game.This certainly isn't a title for everyone but fans turn-based games and especially RPGs are certainly in for a unique experience at the very least.I eagerly anticipate the sequel."
76561198063785221,Recommended,237990,9584002,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rystir,"This game is very good at what it sets out to do.  It delivers an interesting story and thought provoking setting, encased in beautiful 2D animation.  I've played through it several times and I can stand by the statement that it is a very polished, and enjoyable experience.However, in my opinion there are 2 main faults of the game.  Without spoiling the ending, I will warn anyone reading this who hasn't bought the game that this game is not finished.  It is the first part of a trilogy.  The ending is shockingly sudden and does not resolve anything.  This would not bother me except for the fact that this game's Steam page does not indicate this in any way.  If they wanted to be accurate they should mark it as Banner Saga part 1 or they should say something in the description.The other complaint that I have is that the ending is an A or B choice.  The choices you make along the way to the end do radically affect your journey, although they could have doubled down on that as well.  However, at the end you have to make a simple decision, and you have no further control over the ending.I recommend this game to RPG fans, with those two disclaimers in mind.   If you want to know more about the ending before making your choice, there's no shortage of forum discussions on the topic."
76561198113143951,Recommended,237990,9690739,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Kinsman,"i love this game, the character art is amazing the story is good and not hard to understand. all the choices you make all have there consequences, which is a strong point for this game. the combat system is fun and addictive in my opinion, highly reccommend this for anybody into the turn-based RPG stratedy genres."
,Not Recommended,237990,9676864,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dan,"What with the excellent art, cool theme, interesting story and, initially, quite tight and interesting combat, I was very excited about this game. This only served to make my disappointment all the more crushing when I discovered that, whilst superficially polished, the rest of the game is a mess. Here begins the list of insanely frustrating shortcomings.The two early-game parties are ridiculously disparate in power level and difficulty, meaning that I spent the first half of the game alternately getting massacred when using puny human party and walking through waves of ineffectual mooks when using overpowered varl (big smashy giants). The only effect of failure in combat is no XP gain at the end: you don't reload from a previous save, just keep going (with negligible effect on plot and none on gameplay), meaning that once you start loosing encounters you will continue to loose them. No, there's no way of grinding up a few levels if you're falling behind. Although this loss-streak changed once the human and varl parties united and the varl took charge, massacring every enemy for the rest of the game up to the final boss while the puny humans looked on in awe. By the bye, using the same currency (Renown/XP) for levelling up and for buying  supplies was intensely frustrating, and meant that for most of the game I had to choose between starving and levelling up. At the time, I assumed that not starving to death was more important that self-improvement, but how wrong I was! Starving simply reduces the size of your caravan, and after about half way through the game, it's completely irrelevant how many of your caravan mooks survive. On the other hand, even if there are literally zero people surviving in your caravan, your party will be just fine, and overlevelled to boot! Intuitive!Thus, in the end, it turned out that despite plowing through every encounter in the last third of the game using varl, I was actually massively underlevelled for the final encounter, which demanded that I use two pathetic humans, one of whom I had not used the entire game on the basis of her class ability being complete rubbish, and who was thus level one. Further, it turns out that, counter to every other encounter in the game, the final boss fight isn't simply an all-out massacre, but an engagement where you have to bypass large numbers of mooks to focus down a brutal boss. Turns out, 4-square-occupying varl are really really bad at moving past tightly packed front lines of minions, and thus almost completely useless in the boss fight. That didn't stop me almost killing the boss: I had it down to about 2 armor and 3 HP when Miss Uselessly Underleveled unleashed her Underpowered Arrow Of Boss Slaying. ""Well,"" I thought, ""that was pretty tough, but I'm through now. That arrow will hit, I'll smash the remaining 3HP off, and we're golden."". Little did I know that when the boss gets hit by the silver arrow of boss slaying, he is not, in fact, slain. But rampages through your lines, grabs the puny arrow shooter, murders her (what a loss, I know), and then restarts the combat. At full health. Apparently it's actually an arrow of health restoring or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ But don't worry, you get your characters back. Mostly! I mean, arrow-shooter is dead, so you're one man down, and the ones that died fighting predviously are back but now wounded, therefore at about two thirds strength. And there are now even more random mooks in the fight, some of which are actually competent. Becasue why not.I didn't finish the boss fight, mostly on the basis that I didn't want to replay the game from scratch so that I could laboriously level up my puny humans this time. I was brutally disappointed with this game. It was so promising, and it let me down on almost every level. Almost certainly the worst 20€ I have spent in the past several years. Thumbs firmly down."
76561198076352111,Recommended,237990,9679546,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,seanjreilly,"What an amazingly bleak, beautiful, BRILLIANT game. Absolutely everybody should play this!"
,Recommended,237990,9681066,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"Banner Saga is a unique approach to a primarily story driven game. You make tons of decisions that can end up rewarding you or punishing you and often in ways that may seem mundane decisions or are obviously important. What will grip you the most from beginning to end is the beauty of the cartoon-like graphics.Combat is fairly simple to pick up on, though definitely has room to be improved. You take turns in a way that logically deteriorates: one of your characters go, then one of the enemy's. Where that breaks down is you can be punished when you have more characters in the arena - if I have 6 and the enemy is down to 2, those 2 will go over and over again, while I have to wait 4 extra moves before I get to a specific 2 of my 6 characters again. Then when you get them down to their last character you enter ""pillage"" mode where all your characters go and then they go - I believe this was probably added to balance things, but fell short. It falls short primarily in that this can be a huge disantage in some battles causing one of your heros to fall in battle, which can take days for them to heal from (normal mode+). In addition, the battles do get a bit repetitive and special abilities are often not needed or very ""special.""Overall it was a creative spectical full of rich sounds, music, characters, storytelling, lore, and beautifully done landscapes and scenery. It's exciting to see a game like this come out and I hope it inspires the creators (or others) to mimic this style - only with a few combat improvements."
76561197982401199,Recommended,237990,9681365,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,a guest,"The story/mood/world are interesting enough for a few hours, but eventually the game mechanics (particularly the combat) become tedious. Not as in-depth or nuanced as, say, XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within in its gameplay, but an OK diversion until you have something better to play."
76561198043293516,Recommended,237990,9791788,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Misbug,just stunning...
,Recommended,237990,9827707,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Solid Snack,"Only Kickstarter could have allowed for something this creative.In an age of next gen technology and the a rush to make more games melt your graphics card while trying to achieve surreal effects, The Banner Saga reminds you that at the end of the day, it is all about the experience.Anyone with a love for Norse mythology will see how it has inspired this world, but Stoic has put in enough effort to give it a life of its own. The world is peeled away and revealed a bit at a time, allowing you to learn how to play the game and discover much more interesting developments.It is the end of the world and TBS does not let you forget it. Beautiful, throaty vocals provide a very emotional soundtrack. There is a nostalgic quality to the alien vocals, filled with sadness and rare surges of inspiration in connection with the main story points. The game is filled with stunning backgrounds and still images, which might not inspire some players to dive in, but the story is really brought forth through text and dialogue, fleshing out characters, while leaving enough to the imagination.TBS's main strength lies in its replayability. Different characters might die, and some will have no involvement in the plot at all. And this game is HARD! The decisions you have to make will leave you questioning what is the right course of action for your group, or for you yourself as a player. What do you feel comfortable doing, who you can trust, if you should risk another fight or run while you still have a chance. For such a simplistic interface, TBS poses very deep and interesting questions.The only flaw with this game is the ending. And it is an important flaw. Poor character builds will result in you have a very frustrating end boss fight. My first play through required hours for me to win and I hated it with time. It left such a sour taste in my mouth that I had to wait a while before replaying, and yes, a great experience from the beginning, loved the battles and challenges, until I reached the end again. If you have anger problems stay away from this game, or like me, it might make your blood pump pure rage and wonder if that pain in your head is what happens when neurons decide to implode.I would love for people to buy this, but not on the strength of this game alone, but for what Stoic will accomplish with this trilogy. An beautiful animated cinematic opens the game, and I couldn't help but wish that there had been more moments like that and more voiced characters. The Banner Saga is a very rare treat for the imagination and one where I really can't wait to see what happens next."
76561197989716933,Recommended,237990,9828139,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,DonRadkos,Ever wondered how to make a good RPG?Look no further. Buy it! Play it! Egil dies anyway!
76561198006968442,Recommended,237990,9765836,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Shlazaor,"8/10Let me run you through the pros and cons. Also remember this is not a big budget game. I think the developers did a good job with the resources available to them but only by taking the lower budget into account and the fact that it is only 25$ does it deserve this higher rating. Compared to games like Mass Effect or Dragon Age Origins it does not hold up. But you know what? That's okay! It's still a good buy.Pro:1. Beautiful art. I mean goddamn is this game pretty.2. Exhilarating combat that feels as if it has a real world impact. Sometimes you can afford to lose a battle and keep playing the game but it costs the life of a key character or has a major negative effect on your caravan.3. I love the realism of consistently needing to preform well. I might risk a tough battle in order to gain some loot but if I injure my entire party in the process I can waste precious resources on waiting for them to heal or risk a future critical battle.4. Your choices can have a serious impact  on other characters - they really do live or die based on your choices5. The story is interesting and the characters are enjoyable.6. Combat is fun and engaging.7.  Lore is sick.8. Almost totally bug free. A very clean release!Cons:1. Combat requires you to play very gamey and desperately needs an initiative system. In real life you would attempt to kill the enemy. In this game you just want to injure them because the game mandates that if you go the computer has to go next no matter what. And since how much health you have relates to how much damage you have you can't kill off any enemy unit until they are all weakened because it would mean that the high health (ie high damage dealing) units get to go more often. This is both unrealistic and aggravating. The combat was still tense and enjoyable but I personally would much prefer a legitimate initiative system instead of the iron mandated you go then they go turns.2. Your choices impact character lives but the story is completely railroaded. It's awesome that you can impact whether characters live or die but that is the only thing you can impact. For example one decision later in the game can seriously impact an important characters opinion of you but it doesn't seem to result in any impact outside of that one scene of you and the story mandates the character has a certain outcome which makes the characters reaction to your choices irrelevant anyway.3. Lots of characters but not a lot of interaction. Don't expect the depth of banter and story you seen in past BioWare games.  Only a few of the characters interact with each other. And even with the characters that do interact with each other, that interaction doesn't really go anywhere. For example you can build a romance with one character over a few scenes but nothing comes of it by the end of the game. It's like the developers forgot about it. Actually this happens with a lot of characters. They are introduced. Have a couple of fun and interesting dialogue scenes...then they are never heard from again.4. The things you can't control are aggravating. If my performance on the battlefield and the choices I make are designed to dictate the fate of characters DO NOT RAILROAD THEM EVER. I made a choice to go through  a series of tough successive battles on my first run through and it cost me the life of one of my characters when I finally lost a battle. Fine. No problem. It sucked but that type of decision making and meaningful consequences are what I love about the game. They certainly warned the hell out of me not make the choice that would lead to so many successive battles. But on my second play through I made it through all of those battles and kicked♥♥♥♥♥and the game still killed one of my characters and forced me to go back. That is really, really, really, dumb. If the option to go  through those series of battles is available and I actually succeed in the challenge do not railroad me immediately back into the death of a character. Just have a character die when I make the decision. I hate when games give the pretense of choice like that.5. The final boss is cheap and lame. Made through the whole game on normal and had to reduce it down to easy to finish the game. Based on the reviews I've heard this is pretty across the board complaint so don't just assume I'm bad at the game and whiny. A lot of people experienced this issue. Maybe you won't but there is a good chance you will.6. You can impact characters but not the story. Yes, the story was interesting and I enjoyed it. Yes, it appears as if choices you make might impact the story in later sequels. But the fact is that nothing I really do has any meaningful impact in the game I played besides having a few characters live or die. Maybe that is just the nature of the game and won't bother you but it personally bothered me quite a bit. However, given how many of your choices seem as if they could have a meaningful impact on the sequel makes me hopeful this will be less of an issue in the next game.So that's it folks. I am sure I am forgetting somethings but overall it's a good game."
76561198062373628,Not Recommended,237990,9512735,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,PFC-Cowboy,"Sorry to say that bue The Banner Saga is a disappointment to me. As much as I like tactical turn based combat and the impressive 2d art style, the lack proper voice overs and sparse music breaks the game for me. There are voice overs but there incredibly rare (a line here and a line there, minimal at best) and the music while beeing fine is also used too little. The result is a game that for the most part is dead silent. Sitting there in front of the monitor reading the countless story related diaglogs is very tedious. I have no problem with reading books but reading from monitors is quite tiring for the eyes.I just don't get why a game that was so well funded on kickstartet is not fully voiced. There is no graphics engine to speak of, no 3d-models or textures. It's all hand drawn 2d and that is good. But why did they not take the money and time and have it fully voiced? There are speakers there, just far far to rarely used.Edit: I have to edit my review and have to correct the score from 'no' to 'hell no'. I played through the entire game fairly easily on normal difficulty but the final fight is impossible for me to win. I simply don't have the right characters properly skilled. You can misdevelop your party without even knowing ending up in the final fight you can no longer win. I would need to start the entire game over developing my party just for that final fight. That is such a stupid design that I'm lost for words how such crap could come ex-BioWare-devs. Banner Saga ist my pesonal favorite for disappointment of the yeat."
76561198045530613,Recommended,237990,8923624,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,PolyMonsters,"This game is great, the stratigic combat is brilliant and it is even fun when you are not in combat, while knowing every decision you make could lead to one of your characters dieing or your whole cravan dieing of starvation. This has to be one of the best games I have ever played, and I would definetly recomend this to any stratigic, medieval, fantasy fan."
,Not Recommended,237990,9921348,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,fishrule,"Boring combat, irrelevant campaign choices, extremely linear."
76561198035766241,Recommended,237990,9923204,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,kingdrizzt,as long as you are in for story time is badass
76561198032069064,Not Recommended,237990,9911990,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Mursvain,"Not really worth the price. I could not grasp the storyline, the characters were uninteresting and I was bored most of the time I played, hoping it will just now get interesting. It never did for me. Did not finish the game.Hated the battle system as well, combat was just repetitive and tedious. The graphics were nice and I assume the storyline may have depth but it was not exciting nor funny."
,Recommended,237990,9906142,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,OysterSmiling,Easily my favorite game of 2014.  Excellent strategic turn based tactical combat.  Great story.  Looking forward to the next game.
76561198006397974,Recommended,237990,9845809,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Meokin,Compelling and unique story; interesting and challenging combat; absolutely incredible art. Excellent game. Well worth every dollar.
76561198084863223,Not Recommended,237990,9856288,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Aegon Aetolos,"I thought that the game would have many hours of beautiful cutscenes, and I'm sure that the cutscenes are beautiful, if I could actually tell what's going on. The cutscenes are choppy, an absolute lagfest. So far I have found no way to fix it on a windows 7 computer, so... That's essentially $25 wasted. The combat is smooth and fun, but besides that I can't seem to find enjoyment out of looking at a 10 fps movie."
,Recommended,237990,9861492,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,jfl9560,"Amazing, buy this game and play it."
76561198045726592,Recommended,237990,9892417,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Disdain,"The initial playthrough on this game is amazing.I love the art style, and the storyline is interesting, with plenty of character interactions.The fight mechanics are a bit odd in that it rewards the crippling of opponents rather than killing them.There's a free multiplayer version you can download if you want to try the game out before you buy it."
,Recommended,237990,9894309,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Doge SIF,"Amazing. Just...a great experience all around. Music, Sound, Artwork, Story, Challenging Combat. Its just one of my all-time favorites, easily."
,Recommended,237990,9895103,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,brunobrcard,"This game is hard to define. I would describe it as a board game RPG as you gather your party, choose which ones are going to battle, level them up but you never get to change the armor or sword they use.This game shows the story of caravans running away from their lands due to invasion by external forces. You spend most of the game travelling or talking with the members of your caravan. Those talks can boost or decrease morale. Besides the morale of your caravan, controlling food is a crucial travel element.Whenever you get into battle, which is the second main element of this game, the game displays a board to you allowing you to position your party members and fight much like a turn based strategy. Each hero has health and armor. Health is the same as any other game. Higher armor helps those heroes receive minimal damage therefore it is crucial to decrease as soon as possibile the armor of your enemies in battle.Besides managing your caravan and fighting there is not much else to do, however the story is quite interesting and succeds in transporting you to this medieval mithological world.I enjoyed playing this game and even though this game is a complete experience (not based on episodes), it appears that this is only the beggining of the story (may be a trilogy??).I recommend this game. 8/10"
76561198017433971,Recommended,237990,9270743,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cakes,"This game is oragon trails, game of thones, and disney combined. It is Great!"
76561198027955748,Recommended,237990,9274885,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,SenorMrT,"Fun game.  Wonderful art.  Plays kinda like Paper Sorcerer meets Oregon Trail meets X-Com :)  Well not exactly, but has elements and at times reminded me of each of those.  Cons: Too short and ending is effet.  Little overpriced."
,Recommended,237990,9276399,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,:),"Fantastic game.  Deep combat, cool story, kvlt style."
76561198018438519,Recommended,237990,9276762,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MC_Lovecraft,"Beautiful and deeply engaging, I haven't been this completely in love with a game in a long time. Unfortunately it ends quite abruptly and there are a few game-breaking bugs that can ruin your immersion, but on the whole this is one of the greatest games I've ever played."
76561198008627882,Recommended,237990,9265144,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ManAnimal,This game was everything I hoped it would be.  Absolutely incredible.
76561198020625871,Recommended,237990,9267155,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,mr.mattmurphy,"Finally.  An RPG for adults.   The subtlety and nuance in everything from the score to the consequence-driven decision-making in the gameplay, shows that Banner Saga is driving substance over flash."
76561198127067615,Recommended,237990,9277312,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CCPdx,"Very satisfying first play-through! Tough choices, challenging battles, super-pretty art."
76561198010426545,Not Recommended,237990,9506803,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,jasonchope,"Slow predictable story, boring fights"
76561198035098247,Recommended,237990,9507332,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,dwinblood,"I've played this for quite awhile today.   I really like the art style and feel of this.   The game is very rail roady so far in terms of story but, it is a good story.   The combat is very engaging and fun.   I actually failed and lost a few minutes ago.   I plan to play it again.   This is a cool and unique game.    It does seem there are events that can change what occurs in the game, but I have only played one time so far so do not know those details.   I like this game."
76561198026029380,Recommended,237990,9507465,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,MycroftSays,"Epic end-of-the-world viking oregon-trail with tactical combat and jaw-dropping art, music and lore. What more could you possibly ask for?"
,Recommended,237990,9507850,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Marianas658,"What an amazing game. The story is very well written, engaging, and leaves a lasting impact. I can't wait for chapter 2 to come out. Also, the game mechanics are geniunely fun although a bit tough at times. Don't hesitate to lower the difficult level. By and large, I really enjoyed this game and it was worth the $17 I paid for it while it was on sale! Buy it so the 2nd chapter can come out!! :D"
76561198008231297,Recommended,237990,9507959,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Bors Eye-Striker,"Engaging story, and a fun battle system. Though the game can be punishing, it's a fun challenge to try and lead your caravan to success."
,Recommended,237990,9508039,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Liberty Mutual ASSurance,This GAME HAS SH!TYY ENDIONG DONTF CUKING EXPECT OGOOD ENDIGNbut gameplay and aother stuff is ok
76561197998968342,Recommended,237990,9508279,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,lrdcthulu,"What a neat game!  Beautiful visuals and striking music complement a setting that is very, very rich in detail. As far as gameplay goes, it's a very class turn based combat system, very reminiscent of games like Final Fantasy Tactics. The game is deisnged to encourage you to play though any failures, and accept casualtes - if you completely fail, just try again, and watch the choices you make!The only con that I can see so far is the in game explanation of the abilities of the various classes - somtimes it's not too clear what each ability does until you use it, or try to use it. Maybe a patch to add some text to the tooltips would fix it up. But, once you get into the game, the abilities begin to make a lot of sense.If you'd like a turn based tactical game with a great plot, great visuals and music and a cool story, this game is absolutely for you!Highly recommended!"
76561198062831019,Recommended,237990,9508519,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Gearland,"One of the most the best looking games I've played in years. Great art style, characters, music, and story come together to create a one of a kind story."
76561198042611174,Recommended,237990,9508564,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Neumanian,This game is awesome!  Already on my second play through.
,Recommended,237990,9509338,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[Mr.B] Mr. Bubbles (´･ω･`),"The Banner Saga is a game I saw early in development and was excited to get when it came out. Having now played it, I can't say I'm disapointed - but I'm not enthusiastic either. Before I continue, I want to point out that I DO recommend this game - but not at $25. Wait until the price drops or it goes on sale unless you have a lot of money to spend on games and are particularly excited for this one.*REVIEW MAY CONTAIN MINOR SPOILERS. READ AT OWN RISK*I'll begin my review by mentioning the good.*The game's artwork is beautiful and so is the soundtrack. I've left the game on a few times just to listen to the soundtrack, which is both haunting and very fitting for the game. As someone who is a pretentious jerkoff I feel the art fits the game and setting wonderfully and really makes one feel a bit chilly (but maybe that's just the real life weather). Character design also generally varies, while remaining historical feeling with no fan service.*The plot is well-done and plays into Celtic/Norse mythology without being a rip-off or generic with new Gods and new legends. It also gives you a very real feel that this is the end of the world and at times helpless and I couldn't help but want more. Most of the characters are also likable or at least interesting, leaving you to actually care about them and what happens to them.*Battle mechanics are interesting, and as someone who doesn't usually like turn based fighting, I found them fun and challenging but not impossible. It's also got a lot of fun little creative points and I often was craving another challenging battle. Most special abilities are actually useful and no stat feels unimportant when leveling. It's also a (nice) difficulty sink, at least in my opinion, that you can ""break"" a character by putting points in incorrectly (sorry, Gunnulf!).*Random events are exhilirating without being exhausting for I found it was usually common sense which ones would lead to negative outcomes. Most don't feel forced in either; it seems like something you could easily run into. Losing characters over ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things you can't help is a nice touch of realism.*The over-all mechanics generally blended well into a relatively fun game.That said, there's probably more bad than good - which took what could of been a replayable new ""favorite"" and made it a one-time playthrough. This is acceptable (and something I can still feel comfortable recommending, if only while on sale) because that one playthrough will probably give you 8-15 hours of game play and you may get a second if you're big into achievements and side paths but it still is a bit of a disapointment.*It often felt like I was playing a choose-your-own-adventure book turned video game rather than an actual open-ended game that allowed me to make decisions and effect the outcome.  While your decisions do make an impact and it's easy to effect things greatly there are still only two (very slightly different) endings and no one is bothered deeply if you mess up. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥off one person or someone dies no one else cares. If your morale is high or low no one mentions it. It all feels unconnected and gives you little reason to do the smaller things, because after that one decision is done and made - it's rarely brought up again.If you let an important character die, it won't make it harder from a plot point. It just will make battles harder and maybe upset you if it was a favorite. There are a few exceptions, but usually these are majorly negative events which make you regret taking someone onto your team - rather than making anything easier or opening up a new path.If you've played a Fallout game, you'll know what it's like to have ""real world""-esque consequences, where you'll help one person or hurt one and have it benefit or hinder you later on. There's very little of that in The Banner Saga despite it advertising itself as ""every decision effecting you"". You can tell there's little difference in the major plot  regardless of what you do and with there being practically no ""side material"" you don't even get that.Some examples include taking on a monster baby, only to never have it effect you again; or stealing food from farmers and upsetting your daughter, but never having her mention it again.  Will decisions sometimes matter? Yes, but not that much and not that often. The biggest benefit is when a child you rescue warns you about enemies later on, but that's really it.*Side plots don't exist.Or rather, they just don't matter. In fact, neither does the main plot. The Banner Saga is the first of a three-part series and if you don't plan on buying all three - and care at all for the plot - don't buy the first. The major plot points (such as the destruction of the planet and the sun not moving) are never resolved and subplots (such as who kills a king) aren't either.The only plot you see through to the end is the safety of (one) of the caravans you escort; which, if you thought was a side plot and spent more time tending to your heroes probably isn't that safe anyway. You get your people to safety, but it's temporary at best and nothing else happens, leaving you at a cliff hanger and feeling a bit ripped off. It isn't an overly long game either, so it isn't like things were dragging on and needed a break.The game feels like going to a movie that was sliced into parts to force people to buy more than one ticket, not like a stand alone title.I feel if the above issue wasn't combined with the one before it, the two would sort of even one another out. If there were tons of side plots you finished up where your decisions really mattered it'd be fine for it to end with none of the bigger things resolved; or if the major plot was resolved, I don't think I'd care about my lack of control on the story.Many decision games have replay ability because there's so many small options and so many quests to do in different ways, unlocking more dialog and so on. There isn't that here, limiting an already limited game.*You're often faced with the difficult decision of whether you should level your characters, buy items, or feed your caravan - and as most items do relatively little for the price, it really becomes a two way decision.Feeding your caravan makes a few end-game bits easier and mid-game fights less challenging if you're bad at fighting with your heroes, but leveling your characters (and just a few) is ultimately more important unless you want the end boss fight to be almost impossible. That said though, even then you have a gamble - because heroes sometimes come and go, even if you make the right decision - and leveling the wrong ones could leave you high and dry regardless.With how hard the ""currency"" is to come across, it's often frustrating rather than difficult. You'll finish the game either way so it isn't ""hard"", it's just annoying.*One of my biggest issues is a really stupid one, but people will begin starving the SECOND you run out of food by the dozens. I wish they offered an option to ration food at the cost of morale and that morale did more. It would of added some depth of options in a game that gives you very little to actually do.*No save game makes it so you often are FORCED to play until a certain point and can't simply make a decision for fun and then go back and redo it. Undoing a single mistake can force you to replay two hours of the game, a feature that's annoying. I wish it could be turned on and off, perhaps at the cost of an achievement, rather than being a frustrating difficulty sink.(Con in comments)"
,Recommended,237990,9509374,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tyzenn Joestar,"Visually this game is beautiful and amazing, the textures and artwork reminds me of my childhood; Disney. The attention to detail is also there. For an indie game and studio this is a fine piece of work.The gameplay is very unqiue as well, combine both Final Fantasy and The Walking Dead into one makes for a game where you get attached to the characters. What makes this game its own however is that the player has more freedom than FF and some choices you make can affect you later such as, leveling up a character for a long time only for that character to die due to your choices.Amazing in all features, however battles can become repetitive. Come for the art and gameplay, stay for the storyline."
,Recommended,237990,9509525,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,riachimazen,great game highly recommended
76561198026737316,Recommended,237990,9483433,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shineshine,"HiI just bought this game recently and decided to try out. Its quite a good game with a good story. Surprisingly i play for a few hours straight, that explains its simplicy and user friendly controls. Its something different its quite similar like Master of Magic the great old game just that you do not have much freedom to move to you destination as it follows the storyline. Though the world map is big, I though I can simply move around whcih I cant however you get to play 2 different clans. You have to make decisions when on war, meeting different people, supplies , getting the right heroes to join you, deal with morales along the way.Battle is easy, its turn based but do require some brain storming and its fairly challenging even on normal mode. Heroes can be upgraded once you killed enough enemies, items can be bought using the same currency. And its not easy to earn. Cos you are using it to buy supply, items to equip if needed and also for training your heroes. Its called Renown and its very hard to earn.So blending of rpg/strategy elements. Its simple, straightforward, u jump straight story, make decisions, get heroes and travel and fight, camp, rest etc. Replay value is there as different decisions have different outcomes.8/10 (Get it even not on sale, its worth it, nice blend of story)"
76561197990059591,Recommended,237990,9510628,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Nahp,Game is amazing. awesome story line and the music is great! if you like vikings this game is what your looking for!
76561197998847278,Not Recommended,237990,9511712,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,specificinstance,"I'd seen some of the excitement about The Banner Saga and, when it was up on Midweek Madness picked it up mostly because of who was behind it. However, after getting one of my heroes killed in 4 of the 5 fights I was in by the beginning of Chapter 2, I've uninstalled it.The story looks interesting and it certainly evokes its setting effectively. The art is lovely and the music is evocative. However, the game keeps sticking its kludgy combat into the middle of the story. I've played some turn-based tactical games in my time, I promise I have. And TBS's system of alternating between friend foe in combat is the dumbest thing I think I've ever seen. With an AI that seems determined to have the opponents chase after whoever just hit them and no penalty for blowing by the character with the big shield when they do  - which pretty much removes any possiblility of any actual tactics; and a bizarre armor+health system that requires you to chip away at the blue health bar before attacking the red health bar, combat seems  to be there just because it is supposed to be, which, now that I think of it, is often a complaint I've made about BioWare games.Final verdict: pretty but supremely annoying. Avoid unless it's on sale for less than $5, you have a toothache that feels like a spike into you skull, and you want something appropriate to accompany it."
,Not Recommended,237990,9512517,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,The Slakky,"If you take the NY Times seriously, drive a Prius, and think of games as hours of boredom strung together by cutscenes -- this is your jam.Everyone else can reinstall DAO."
76561198000933357,Recommended,237990,9513299,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,44,Excellent game!! Great story and one of the best Musical scores I've herad in a game to be sure.
,Recommended,237990,9443411,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Akufen_STM,Hautement recommandé!!!!
,Recommended,237990,9444366,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Htimez2,"Amazing game, great story, beautiful art and graphics as well as fun gameplay. What more can you ask for out of a game. I definitely wish I had noticed this when it first came out but at least I have it now. Best story and custcenes I think I have ever seen in a ""Indie"" game. You have to pick this one up especially if your a fan of the Middle Ages/Vikings and those types of stories with a strategy element. Really wish the Game of Thrones game had been more like this. Buy this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,237990,9444483,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jerry,This game is amazing 10/10
,Recommended,237990,9588570,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Dano,"This brings me back to the fantastic RPGs of the 90s. The story is great, kept me enthralled for 6 straight hours since download. You get to see the story from mulitple view points. Very similar to Final Fantasy Tactics, Chrono Trigger, etc. I count it in my top 5 this year already."
,Recommended,237990,9637407,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,bseboy,"It's a good game, if a little repetetive.The art style is great, and the storytelling does make it feel like an old Norse saga. Although it's a shame the narrator doesn't get a few more lines, he has a cool voice.On a negative note, it's not the complete story here, you'll be waiting for a sequel when you finish the game !"
76561198019525990,Recommended,237990,9640472,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,ajb9df,"This game absolutely rocks. Stunning visuals and and a well written story. Gameplay is engaging, fun and addicting as hell. The battle system is difficult at first but easily learned and developed excellently.  Pick it up if you have the chance!"
,Recommended,237990,9641362,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Everin,"Although comparable to Final Fantasy Tactics or Fire Emblem, both of which are games I enjoy immensely, the Banner Saga surpasses the two by combining realism and fantasy in a way that makes it a completely unique tactical RPG.How the player sees and interacts with the world of the Banner Saga, that's the fantastic aspect of this game.Yes, there are people that can wield lightning. There are also gigantic humanoids with horns. ...and moving statue-things that threaten the world as it is known. The artistic and musical portrayal of these details, the stylistic choices in regards with character design and interface, made the narrative blend seamlessly with gameplay.The Banner Saga's realism shows in the limitations emphasized in the gameplay. Each playable character is unique and has its own predefined capabilities. They can gain levels and improve, but only to a certain point. The player's choice of which characters he uses becomes more crucial because of this. In addition to that, time constraints and logistical pressures add a sense of urgency and weight to the story and the choices made by the player.As fun as FE was because of it, you can't just train your characters until they become completely over-powered. You don't have the time nor the option. In spite of the endless possibilities that FF Tactics provided with its class-system, you can't change a person's job on a whim. Unlike what many optimists may have you believe, individual people aren't pieces of clay to be molded into any shape or form.TL;DR The Banner Saga doesn't leave everything up to the player. This game is clear about what it wants to convey and how it wants to convey it. Did I ever wish I had more control over a situation when I played it? Dear lord, yes. That didn't stop me from enjoying the fact that my decisions mattered."
,Recommended,237990,9554952,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,vivalaginger,"If you like CYOA books, games, rpg's, and or strategy this is the game for you.Your choices affect so much in the game, that I know I will be able to go back and play it without loosing interest or feeling like I""m just achievement hunting.HOWEVER,as probabaly stated in some of the negative reviews,1)no save game feature2)there is a lot of watching people march, so be prepared to just enjoy it3)you may tend to spend a lot of time working toward a goal/character that gets swept away by some random unplayable event4)map for peple interested in lore, but really serving almost no purpose for the rest of usthere is a lot more that they could do with the game. Luckily, I'm pretty please considering that this is a prime example of what a kickstarter game on steam should be, and overall I'm enjoying the game, and excited to see more from the developers, after they review and see what they can improve as well as what works for people.The Art is refreshing, the storyline semi-generic but still appealing and entertaining, and the character development is refreshing as well. I also love how the women in this game are portrayed. They aren't scantily clad war mistresses, and not exactly betty crocker in a 1950's apron either. The female-male character developments in the game stress emotional as well as strategy influenced decisions, and the storyline sort of allows for the male and females characters to show and prove their bravery, talents, intelligence and other values in ways that may different between gender but don't devalue them.Parts of the story pull at your heartstrings, and others just push you along to continue the fighting."
76561198026054011,Recommended,237990,9555106,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,"Admiral Rose, Ken Rose",Tis a very good game but damn even on easy fighting one of the main bosses is almost stupid hard almost impossible
76561198028980756,Recommended,237990,9555161,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ssj4falky,"Do I recommend this game:Yes, but not at full price...First things first, this game is beautiful. It has a great graphics style, intriguing story and an awesomely unique (at least unique in my experience) mechanic for health / strength. Couple that with great music and you're really on to a winner.BUT...It is FAR too short. After having played for a little over 7 hours, and the story just starting to ramp up, the end credits roll and I literally found myself saying ""What the !!!! Where is the rest of the game""I can't yet speak for how much your choices change the journey of the game, because I'm still feeling a bit too betrayed to go for another run through yet. I will edit this once I've had a chance to go back through (if I can bring myself to)I really hope the developer brings out some more content for this game, but until then, I think the price is a little high."
,Recommended,237990,9555308,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ebrink7,"Classy, beautiful and fun."
,Recommended,237990,9555955,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[Krii] Wolfie,"Took me about 11hrs to finish but it was an amazing game, perfect for people who love the story based side of games and love choices that will STRONGLY affect your games story.Very fun and everything was golden, only downside was the length, far too short, expected more.9/10"
,Recommended,237990,9556747,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Cpt. CapsLock,Awesome game! The art is AMAZING! I love the fighting mechanics (though friends of mine disliked them enough to sotp playing) I like that the choices you make and how well you do in fights actually determines who lives and dies and what happens next.WOO SO PUMPED GONNA PLAY IT SOME MORE RIGHT NOW!
76561198023709903,Recommended,237990,9558633,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,¡Senor Senor!,"Beautiful, fun and in the end heart breaking - I loved every second of The Banner Saga. The art style is sensational, every landscape, be it bleak or rich, is a sight to behold. The world is vast and interesting, and the mythology rich. The combat is challenging but fun, the choices you make are meaningful. You grow to love the characters, and when they die you really feel it. I cannot recommend this game highly enough!9.5/10"
76561198130046396,Recommended,237990,9619628,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,winterwolf,"The best description I read for this game was: ""Game of Thrones meets Dinsey and Vikings"". That tells a lot about The Banner Saga. It is a rpg set in a well-made viking world, with disney-like art, full of different (and really hard) choices to make.The game has, basically, three main features:(1) a good storyline, in which you follow different characters and make your choices on how the story goes;(2) a viking caravan to maintain, in which you have to manage supplies, morale, number of clansman and fighters;(3) a turn-based strategy combat (like Final Fantasy Tatics), with different classes, skills, level-up and items.The combat system is so enjoyable that they have an on-line version of it, called The Banner Saga - Factions (free to play).The only bad thing I found for this game is that it feels really short (aprx 10 hours). It claims for its sequels.So, in general, the game is so enjoyable that the only bad thing is that it ends too soon.ps: if you're in doubt if it is worth to pay for it, try the free-version (The Banner Saga - Factions) first as a test =)"
76561198030990814,Recommended,237990,9003167,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,dr.vanhelsing,"brilliant game with a deep story, if you like turn-based RPG´s that´s the game!It is quite expensive if you buy it, I would wait and get it in the sale - I got it for the full price, cos I just wanted it badly, and did not regreted it since."
76561198044100072,Recommended,237990,9621765,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Sharzona,"A masterpiece which leaves you aching for more, I can't wait for the next chapter. The combat system can be a little bit dry at times but the whole experience is phenomenal. 9.5/10"
76561198066153187,Recommended,237990,9624106,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mordrin,"Constant death, loss and hardships, but still tons of fun."
76561198006703170,Not Recommended,237990,9623821,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Rofls'N'Syrup,"Character damage is based on his HP and each side's turn is over after only one of his character moves.  This means the optimal strategy is to get an opposing character down to 1 hp rather than kill them.  Playing optimal strategy ends up being very annoying because of this.  Instead of applying rational strategy like most other strategy games you spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to best keep all enemy characters just barely alive.  It is counter intuitive and just plain annoying to do.A problem with this game is that you just end up staring at long cut scenes which cannot be skipped.  There isn't much to look at and a few times they go on for minutes.  It is just your caravan walking toward a hill or whatever.  Really feels like it wasn't game tested... surely somoene would have suggested to skip these.When starting a battle you often have the choice of how many opponents you will face.  The battles are completely random and there is no information to predict which option to choose.  The exact same numbers of army sizes can be given but the number of enemies you face could be double.  The problem with this is that many fights are going to be too easy, yet if you set the difficultly to hard then some become pretty much impossible.  It is just unpredictable and pointless.  Worse, you can't even manipulate the game to make it a reasonable challenge each time - often you cannot save between each fight.  So you end up spending 10 minutes mowing down a super easy fight and the very next one is impossible because you chose all the hard options... then you have to redo the easy one.I faced a total of just a few different enemy types after maybe 40 battles.  Human melee characters that are mostly the same, the armored enemies with a big and small version for melee, and a ranged version of them.  The difference in strategy between fighting these characters is extremely limited... after about 15 minutes you'll have it figured out and be bored.tldr: The game play sucks - I've played many free flash games with better game play than this.  Overall it is just a frustrating experience.  If you wanted a slowly told story with politics and moral choices to be made... then I guess you could set it to medium mode and get through the game, though."
76561198049848505,Recommended,237990,9560260,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SonofOslo,It's turn based. It's beautiful. The world is huge. The artwork is chilling. The Drege look wrong and alien. I had to stop playing and take a break because I couldn't stop crying after the second character had died. I was about an hour or so in.
76561198021000130,Recommended,237990,9561447,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Lucky,its like reading a good story mixed with a great game of chess
76561198053971174,Recommended,237990,9564916,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Xanota,Great game! Worth the cost. Beautiful art design and good gameplay.
,Recommended,237990,9565714,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Anacortes,"Absurdly good visuals, solid gameplay, great world, good narrative. I'd recommend this game to everyone; between the easy to learn, hard to master combat and the large amount of dialogue-based roleplaying, The Banner Saga has something for everyone. My only complaint is that by the end of the game, a lot of the party characters mysteriously disappear from the dialogue despite still being alive. Still a 4/5 game, buy this thing so we can get a sequel. If you're on the fence, it's definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,237990,9438575,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Huggernaught,"I abolutely love this game. The design is what grips me the most. If you are a person that seeks story-driven play, I strongly recommend investing your time in this game. The world of Banner Saga is so very interesting, and leaves you wanting more. It was well thought out, well developed, and well introduced to the players. I want more games to take place in this world, so I can learn more and more.the tone of the game is refreshing. If you are a fan of a game where your back is constantly up against the wall, this game is for you. There is no 'easy ride', as in the situation presented in the game, there would be no easy ride. Your better judgement is tested throughout the game, and the grey moral decisions will have you regretting almost every action you commit to. It is a fantastic display of morality, and struggle."
,Recommended,237990,9439549,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"A rather enjoyable RPG. It's combat is very reminiscent of XCOM. The art is fantastic, the soundtrack is good."
,Recommended,237990,9440680,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,vernunft,An absolutely gorgeous game. Engaging right from the start. The combat is intuitive and has a plethora of choices leading to varied gameplay.
76561198025553962,Recommended,237990,9440830,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,King,"This game is Final Fantasy Tactics meets Vikings. The beauty of the world, soundtrack and character developments drove me to long for the next part in the saga. If I could rexperience this game over and over again, I would buy it every time."
76561198033126859,Recommended,237990,9441137,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,amperflex,"A short time into this game, I'm enjoying the story.  There are spelling errors in some ability descriptions, map location descriptions and storyboard quotations.  I was also a little disheartened by seeing a Futharc font on the map when I realised it was English characters, not Futharc itself.Story's good, music's good.  I'd have to play a little more to see if it's worth the sale price, but so far this is a cost I would lightly recommend to closest friends.  It's definitely not money wasted, but there's no ""meh"" rating."
,Not Recommended,237990,9265647,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ItsMrBeard,"The atmosphere of this game is absolutely amazing...the world it builds, the level of detail in the lore, the characters and their struggles, the plot and the overwhelming sense of despair. It paints an amazing picture that sucks you into the story.Unfortunately, the end of the game, particularly the final ""boss"" fight, ruins the game for me. The boss fight is a lesson in tedium and gives an artifical difficulty in cheap tactics and requiring exactly one tactic, despite however you've played the game prior to this.And after that boss fight? Nothing. The game ends, tying up absolutely nothing in the story. Supposedly it's meant to be a trilogy, but it ends at such an underwhelming spot in the story. It's like if Star Wars ended when the Millennium Falcon escaped the Death Star, and you had to wait for the next movie any sort of resolution whatsoever. What kind of climax is that?Worse, the ""boss"" at the final battle is ultimately meaningless for the story, which combined with the stupidly frustrating fight leaves a sour taste in my mouth.I really, really, really liked this game until the end.So I cannot recommend it. The world it built is amazing and I want to see so much of it, but the story is very slow and methodical, and ends abruptly and without much progress. My mind may change when the sequel (or sequels) is done, but at this rate I would recommend waiting until the creators have finished weaving this so-called saga."
,Recommended,237990,9418061,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,LostInSpice,"Simple and beautiful art style and animation reminiscent of old disney films. The Banner Saga has one of the most captivating and incredible stories I've seen in a game. I've not finished the game but I certainly will as I care very much about the characters. The world is fantastical, but very subtle.I'd wholeheartedly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys fantasy novels."
76561197998255697,Recommended,237990,9421403,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,KrisJay,"If you like turn-based RPG, viking stories and the art style you are seeing in the promotion pictures, this is the game for you. It is challenging at times, but the single player mode is very enjoyable."
76561197981124080,Recommended,237990,9421742,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,blastme,"Gorgeous art, suitably deep and difficult combat. Vikings. Annotated maps. CHOICES. A worthy title indeed."
76561197991527966,Recommended,237990,9422184,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Roffe,Excellent Turnbased Strategy/Tactics. Story is really enjoyable aswell. Highly recommended
76561198008993327,Recommended,237990,9424060,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,SpaceLord,A classic in the making
76561198080684567,Recommended,237990,9424264,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,shiplordcarson,Great story and fun gameplay. 10/10
76561198121203660,Recommended,237990,9434965,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,The Smiling Knight,found evil devil baby belonging to frozen stone monsters and took in as my own without second thought. 10/10 would play again
76561198012850126,Recommended,237990,9435207,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,SignalFire,The story is on par with Game of Thrones. A must play.
,Recommended,237990,9074700,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Weebos,"Classic Disney animation meets Game of Thrones gritty high fantasy meets Fire Emblem style tactical combat meets Oregon Trail.First in a trilogy, get it son."
,Recommended,237990,9074918,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,the_greg,"Great game. Visual and music are simply amazing. You get attached to the story and the characters the more you play it. The combat system, while pretty simple, is really fun and deep. If you are a fan of strategy games it is a must-buy ! But if you are not, it is still worth it to see the gorgeous visuals."
76561198020973816,Recommended,237990,9075388,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,jester2937,"Really love this. It's a wonder mash of viking aesthetic, Oregon Trail nostalgia and tactical combat."
,Recommended,237990,9076090,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,L.,"Banner Saga is an awesome and inspiring tactical game. The story telling was superb, and I loved its tactical elements, art style, and the mechanics. I found Banner Saga very hard to put down, and was compelled to finish it before moving onto anything else.The Story is immediately gripping. You play as a few select groups, each with their own agenda, and destination. However the destination is not what really counts. It’s what happens to you along the way. Hearts will be broken, people will die, and darkness will descend. Seriously, I felt very much caught in a desperate struggle to escape the tides of unfurling events, not always emerging unscathed.The art style is beautiful, yet minimal. It lends itself to the setting, and describes Banner Saga's setting well. Whilst the screen is never void of interesting landmarks and details, the world doesn’t feel tiny or cluttered and every destination does feel like an achievement. The bleak, often frozen, alpine wastes don’t feel empty but are instead transformed into the beautiful and often surreal.I didn't mind the permadeath style scenarios or the early choices that affected you much further on. These decisions meant that I had to live with my choices and move on, not reload. It did make things rather difficult however when my most powerful units were permadead, and i my remaining heroes were weaka**. Also, spend your renown wisely. I’m pretty sure i starved most of my people to death.The only downfall i felt noteworthy is the lack of character customisation, and party options. Most of the story you're forced to use all your heroes, and more often than not, the character you've invested a whole lotta time into, buggers off one way or another. Perhaps I just lucked out. Often.Banner Saga is definitely worth the purchase if you're into any tactical style games, like 'Heroes of might and magic', or the 'Disciples' series. Think a mash-up of those, mixed with like, organ trails.8.5/10"
76561198055305656,Recommended,237990,9077124,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Wht u looking at,Its a great game with lots of choices that can me life and death to people in the story plus choices you make can have unexpected turns later on in the game
76561198098321290,Recommended,237990,9078053,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,draydeems61,"Not quite like anything else you have ever played. The banner sage is certainly worth the price of purchase; if for no other reason than that it combines elements from completly unrelated games togather in an enjoyable package. do you like games like fire emblem or final fantasy tactics? well good because the main combat is a very enjoyable stratgy/RPG mix. did you enjoy the oregon trail? how about some choose your own adventure style dialog choices with your favorite party members life hanging in the balence? and how about a story about gaint snakes, stone golems, vikings, and family to round it all out? if any of this sounds enjoyable to you buy this game, it is certainly worth your money just for novelty alone, not even to mention that all of the diverse elements fit togather beautifuly"
76561198044010267,Not Recommended,237990,10865015,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Im sorry,","Writing this review I am conflicted, The Banner Saga is a good game but I was not aware of a few things in it that had I known may have changed my choice to buy it.First despite a beautiful opening cutscene they never use that style again all game, the art will be the same style but there will be no other fully animated cutscenes, not even for the climax. instead you get images with maybe two bits here and there that flow in the breeze while text tells you things. that hurt the style and emotional feel immensely.Second is that this is not the whole story, the game ends on what feels like a big chapter but wraps nothing up, it seems like they intend another part to come out but I was not warned at all that the story was incomplete which leaves me in a sour mood since I thought I bought a FULL story not part of one.Third was that the game has many choices which feel good but can kill characters or take them away for no provided reason at anytime and with no way to know it will happen, this is frustrating when paired with the fact that you do not control when the game saves at all so fixing a sudden character death means hours of replaying.Do not get me wrong this is a great game, the style is nice, the story wonderful, the characters fun and engaging and the combat while not for everyone is one of the more unique and fun styles I have seen (Except for the final boss who like in many games just plain changes the rules of combat) but it feels like they cut corners in important places and did not make certain things like the fact the story is not done yet clear enough."
76561198111061370,Recommended,237990,10867545,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,StarTactics,Great strategy game with simple yet fun mechanics. Oregon Trail type hub with tactics gameplay. Awesome art and character design and interesting story.
,Recommended,237990,10905392,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Minister Sinister,"Story-led tactical strategy with a pretty good story, very evocative setting and characterisation, very atmospheric etc.  Lovingly animated 2D.  Unique."
76561198006648902,Recommended,237990,10920637,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CrunchSpud,"Aside from a great story and good visuals, the game offers some good strategy depth as well."
76561197972513041,Recommended,237990,10921782,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Uma,Really scratches that itch for turn based tactics. Highly recommended
76561197968435113,Recommended,237990,10922382,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SnortDorker,The Banner Saga is a beautiful game that has a great but short story. Since the game is the story then you will understand that the game is short and leaves this gamer wanting more. I don't find most games replayable since I play most games to enjoy the story and once you know the story there is nothing to drive you to continue the game. Great story and great game. The word Epic to me means long and entertaining. Entertaining is what this game is but long it is not.
,Recommended,237990,10922399,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lupovski,I love this game. A true RPG.
76561198046599985,Recommended,237990,11340876,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zbrads,"This game is beautiful and fun.  Too short, though, but they intend to release more ""chapters""."
76561197977557168,Not Recommended,237990,11341089,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,brianknauss,"Only half a story, half an overwrought story where everything goes wrong, regardless of your choices.  There is no sense of completion or satisfaction or even significance in anything you do.  The tactical combat is somewhat interesting in that you balance attacking armor which will increase the damage of subsequent attacks against that enemy or strength which will decrease the strength of the enemy's attacks and is how you kill them.  However, based on the strange alternate impulse combat, killing an enemy can be a negative thing because it just accelerates the moves of the other enemies (until the last one, where you finally get to attack multiple times between enemy turns).  It just makes the otherwise interesting tactical combat frustrating.  Until the story is complete, and there can be any sense of impacting the world with your actions, it is just an exercise in futility.  Which is probably the point the game is trying to make, which may make it a compelling story for masochists, but makes a crappy game."
76561198047647536,Recommended,237990,11342769,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MechaThulhu,"The Banner Saga is everything you want from a tactical isometric game and more. it has a rich mythology woven into the world and fairly competent writing, but the design of the game is amazing.  Each choice you make in conversation has a valid outcome that benefits you in ways you can see directly, or feel later indirectly.  The battles are complex and interesting, and the different branching stories provide different kinds of gameplay that are entirely valid.  Using health/stamina as both your health and your ability to do damage is a great mechanic (one that I had already used in a game of my own, which is a biased reason why I like it, but still a good reason).  Making abilities have both a passive and active effect is also something that really brings a lot to the table in each battle.  Even if the gameplay alone weren't amazing enough, the soundtrack by Austin Wintory (same composer for Journey) is poignant and highlights the bleak grimness of the world you live in, and the art consistently breathtaking.  To think all this was accomplished by an indie studio is mind blowing.  This is a game that deserves attention and your purchase."
76561198068716756,Recommended,237990,11345019,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ilias_paull,"Brilliant music, evocative artwork, solid turn-based tactics for the most part. Currently enjoying my second playthrough"
76561198005557814,Recommended,237990,11298672,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TheLastDisease,"The Banner Saga really highlights the need for a middle option between ""yes"" and ""no"" when answering Steam's question: Do you recommend this game?The art style, world-building, music, and characters of this game are wonderful.  It goes into territory that could very easily feel been-there-done-that, yet comes out both fresh and achingly nostalgic at the same time.  The classic animated look of the characters and stark painted background are beautiful -- though you really wish the team had the money and time to create more actual animation.Unfortunately all the artistic elements of the game are let down by an infuriatingly clunky UI.  All of the game's major choices are basically a random crapshoot -- vague, one-sentence descriptions of your course of action.  As often as not, your choice doesn't actually matter in any way as it can completely screw you over.  There's no skill involved and there's really no way to intuit which option the writers think is best.  You're randomly expected to be judicious or hyper-violent to acheive the most beneficial results.Even in situations where things seem more cut and dry, you're betrayed by a poorly thought out UI.  The combat party composition screens, and turn-based combat both have a host of frustrating flaws.  It's very easy to accidentally commit to something you had no intention of doing because of poor button placement, and you're almost never presented with all the information you need at any given moment.So what this comes down to is a game that really ought to be a movie -- an amazing old-school animated film about vikings, giants, magic, and dead gods.  The game elements just serve to annoy through most of it.  Even so, for those interested in the artistic style and narrative elements of the game, I recommend giving it a try because the good stuff really is that good."
,Recommended,237990,11299499,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,THAT_guy_is_me,"It is a very entertaining game. Very engrossing and makes you think a good bit. Combat was a little wierd at first but easy enough to figure out. Highly suggest it! Also the artwork and music are amazing, no wonder they're so highly praised for it."
,Recommended,237990,11355195,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,maxhamee,"The Banner Saga is an almost fully realized fantasy world in which the player's rooted expectations from any form of media regarding such realms are consistently challenged. Gone are the goblins and ghouls, but here remain 3 major races; The Varl (a small race of giants) humanity and the Dredge (a series of mechanical organisms who's life span is rooted to their armor and have the ability to reproduce). In a supposedly godless world where humanities populations is starting to recover after leaving such shackles, the Varl face the reality of extinction for the exact same reason. The Dredge's take on this remains unclear, as their bewilderment and wonder at the godstones is consistency overshadowed by the appearance of a menace that remains both eager to strip clean any settlement of life.In terms of the storyline ""expirement"" as it's been labeled, Banner Saga provides an earnest effect on the reader. With a traveling system in the days, supply management and potential volunteers and outcasts causing problems throughout your journey (affecting your morale in either way) your ability to keep a cool head translates to far more then combat. A decision can mean the difference between life and death for your clansmen, or even worse your ""Heroes,"" specially designed battlers and decision-makers who cannot fall in combat, but most certainly can due to your ignorance and flat out stupidity. More then once did I find myself sitting at the controls earnestly wanting to believe the good in people, but as the doubt built I seriously considered the cutthroat strategies that can define a tyrant in order to get a task completed or meet a destination. Even delaying travel by a day can mean a bigger impact further down the line; it's this reason alone that ends up hurting the game in the end.Without including spoilers, the final rough 20-30 minutes of gameplay seems to be set up as a rail of emotions, but what it mostly does it fall flat. The exact decision making and investment required by the player to set up the final events is torn away from the player entirely. No longer will you have a stake in what happens to individual sectors of the group, nor of the overall planning in the final days before the conflict. With the exception of a final decision, you are set aside as an outsider who should be merely grateful for the right to ""participate."" And while that doesn't take away the awesomely painted journey drawn up as this horrific conquest and gambit for survival, it does in the end put a damper upon it.Overall T.B.S is an amazingly well drawn world, one in which the final act may cause a welling of the eyes. The music perhaps does the most in this endeavor, as the weight of decisions are compounded by the wonderful soundtracks performed by live instruments. It's a journey worth taking, but it's one in which you are left wanting more; questions remain unanswered, foes unfought, and the darkness over the world continues unimpeded. Would I play and/or crowd fund a sequel? Absolutely. But while the developers took a much needed step to readjust the views of what can be successful in the games industry, the path they'll need next to take will require more then a simple walk down the street.Hopefully in a few more years we'll be rewarded with the fruits of a long journey."
,Recommended,237990,11362258,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,glitched,"Banner Saga is a mix of choose your own adventure, Heroes of Might & Magic, and Oregon Trail. With a gorgeous visual style and compelling story I became very attached to the survival of my caravan. Each decision I made was meant to be for our best survival and even choices that seem right can have dire consequences. This is a must play and I highly recommend it."
76561198080939933,Recommended,237990,11368655,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HarmonicaJay,"The Banner Saga is truly worthy of its title. It is a dark story of struggle and survival. Of risk versus reward. Of characters that struggle and suffer through hardship, but if you play your cards right, you might be able to get them all through. I fully recommend this game to all who might be interested. Buy it. Support Stoic. Also, because I don't want anyone else to make this mistake like I did... don't trust Onef."
,Recommended,237990,11347702,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zottelchen,I demand a second part.
76561198030769864,Recommended,237990,11350218,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ciego42,"I can't say enough good things about this game.  It's a moving and gripping story.  You will come to know the characters in this story some you love some you hate.The strategy element in the gameplay is fun and challenging.Do yourself a favor, this game is filled with tough choices, do not reload your saves.  Live with the consequences at least in your first playthrough.  You get a bit misty eyed playing this game.5 out of 5."
76561198135491752,Recommended,237990,11451646,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Baddudez,"Great game & awesome production value!If you like Heroes of Might & Magic style games you owe it to yourself to play this.It's a shame the game ends so abruptly, was just getting into the story when it just ends :("
76561198046658087,Recommended,237990,11318884,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,squareonthehypotenuse,"Beautiful visuals and music. Fairly standard, satisfying battle gameplay. It doesn't seem like you're stuck in the same kind of quests/battles throught the game. The learning curve is not too steep, but the overall experience does feel slightly scripted (for instance some characters always seem to die, irrespective of your choices. Also, although the map looks well detailed, you don't have much authority over where your party moves)The ending was way too abrupt for my liking. Also, I hate that you lose your items on characters that die.Definitely recommend.8.5/10"
,Recommended,237990,19153856,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Creed_Sukai,Fantastic game. Great story that immediately drags you in. Engaging combat that was loads of fun. It was a great ride. 10/10
76561198047384882,Recommended,237990,19105120,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Nice little game, if you get it on sale.  I'd rate it less than e.g. Blackguards, and surely not as good as e.g. Shadowrun. Nice graphics, but very basic turn-based skirmish battle game. Feels rather slow-paced, and somewhat simplistic, as compared to other ganes of the genre. Was somewhat disappointed after the hype.Seems clear that this is either a mobile port, or was intended for mobile initially. Still a short and fun little game. Feels incomplete at the end, tough, with many questions unanswered.Also has some quirks that would mess it up for a longer game: some characters die or are removed without your intervention, taking away their progress you invested in, and the items they are equipped with."
,Recommended,237990,19109109,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SoMeOnE_the_oDD,"At first glance......I thought this game to be one of the same over-simplified turn-based combat-driven games I've been avoiding since that genre (and my interest in it) peaked along with the rise of Gameboys. I've become rather disinterested in comparing shallowly described classes and carefully coordinating important story battles such that my opponents are always outmatched before combat even begins. I'm particularly bored with the fantastical colors and purple-teal magical glows that have illuminated far too many games since Warcraft made the scheme popular, each new level bringing bigger and brighter spells until the screen resembles a cosplay rave party. More of my discomfort comes from the tedious line-by-line conversations with innumerable boring, lifeless mouthpieces for plotlines.Drawn to Norse mythology and anyone willing to give it the credit it deserves in our modern creative landscape, I set aside my defensive suspicions and took a second glance, a third, and eventuallyan eleventillionth. This is a spectacularly well made game that knows exactly who it is and what it was meant to be, systematically ignoring every expectation in favor of its own designs. I find myself at a loss to compare it because there is no reason to do so. Simply put, this is the Banner Saga.A list, if you need one:Though numerous, classes are barely more than labels to help you recall the character of each member of your party. They are unchangable memory sinks for behaviors in combat and a helpful tool for describing the titles within the cultures of the two main races.The heart and soul of the northern mythologies is as clear and chilling in this saga as the harsh landscapes they emerged from. Your characters march onward through the blistering blizzards that blanket the earth in snow, the cool breezes that chase across green fields, and the dark shadows cast by craggy mountains even as troubles press endlessly upon them from all sides. As their hopes freeze, hidden strengths unthaw, bringing forth the selfless valor that once fueled one of the fiercest cultures in human history.Banner Saga is ten parts story and ten parts gameplay--out of ten. Rather than being set loose to interview town after town, progressing from quest to quest and moving freely between to train your party, Banner Saga permanently aligns the two in a single, linear journey that winds its way towards and away from harm with each new decision you make. Along the way you face both internal and external threats, each delivered with the utmost forwardness such that you immediately recognize and accept the costs of your actions and move on, even at the cost of your own party (as opposed to abusing your saves). There is as much story within your own party as there is in your travels and you are free to choose your own way forward even if circumstances often influence your inevitable direction.To die is to have lived. At first you will watch as your party grows, meeting each individual and initiating your search into their past and into their motives. Many of them will be taken from you long before you get a chance to truly know them and others will submit or rebel, dramatically altering the composition of your band until you come to realizethat there is no time to understand them all.The visuals in this game are inspired. Hand drawn and uniquely detailed characters lend an incredible depth to conversations and the shifting glances, blinks, and blowing winds keep the otherwise still images from appearing as static thumbnails. The parallaxed landscapes provide a smooth, easy transition between the more sketched out locations in the game and a true sense of scale that holds up against the immensities of the world.The map of the world provided for this game is incredibly detailed and intuitive to use. Quick, short descriptions reveal how the world came to be the way it is and the first few times you peruse it you'll find yourself digging deeper into the lands around you until your curiosity is sated. I'm fairly sure there's a considerable amount beyond the scope of the game itself even.If you close your eyes and listen to the music, you'll almost certainly feel the snowflakes melting gently on your nose and lightly dusting your shoulders and hair as a cool wind passes you by."
76561198028193694,Recommended,237990,19089626,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mk Z,"Too much blah blah, you play only about one third of the time. Sometimes it gets boring. The combat part is fun, but UI isnt very clear. Its hard to guess who will go next, as portraits are very similar, and highlighing is thin.Also the Varl race would be much better without horns! Horns are stupid, please remove them."
,Recommended,237990,15484321,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Urto,"The combat system makes absolutely no sense. Somehow an individual's death makes all other individuals faster, unless they are the last man standing on that team, at which point they are much slower. As a result, it seems the best way to handle most fights is to split damage as much as possible and kill all enemies in a narrow time period.I have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, but it's actually pretty fun still. Plus, the story, art, and music are all cool.9/10 because I was able to use it to hide my affair from my wife by running it full screen over my chat with my mistress."
,Recommended,237990,19121625,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,the_PLASMARIFLE,
76561198079613390,Recommended,237990,19119286,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Teme_87,"A great game in many respects, although some of the core elements could have been a lot better. The story, art style and the world itself were the main reasons for me to keep playing. And of course the game's soundtrack was one of the best i've heard in a long time.Probably the worst part of the game was the turn-based battle system itself. Way too simplified and one dimensional. The character development could've also been a lot better. Hopefully the developer focuses on improving the battle system in the coming sequel.Although the game's core element was flawed, the other parts of the game were so well made and enjoyable that it's easy to recommend the game based on those."
,Recommended,237990,19123981,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Black Cat Ninja 3,"Beautiful game, only hope that there will be a sequel as the narrative just kind of ends."
,Recommended,237990,19116903,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Lionarith,Beautiful hand drawn graphics.
,Recommended,237990,19117366,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Thrust Davis,"A fairly good SRPG that makes you think about your actions rather than beat down your enemies with raw numbers. (such as Disgaea or Fire Emblem) In this game, your health is also your damage so getting hurt too much means you'll be able to do very little. For your enemies, this means it's often better to weaken them first rather than killing them one by one. Weakened enemies will have to pierce through your armor first to be able to more effectively damage your strength, whichs helps to keep your guys healhier longer.Combat wise, the game gives you fairly insufficient information pre-combat to be able to make choices about party setup. You have to choose your party and what turn order they go in before you can even see the enemy lay out and what positions your characters will start in. During my first playthrough I wished I had a bit more information beforehand, because there were times where I would have used other units if I had known what I was getting into. Not a huge complaint, and since you can lose a battle and still continue with the game it's not a huge deal if you go into a battle at a slight disadvantage.Aside from combat, this game is all about ""choice"", that is, choices you make in the story supposedly affect the outcome of it. I find though that it doesn't affect as much as I would have liked. Most choices have an impact immediately, and a few have an impact barely minutes after the choice was made. There's only one choice I can recall that you make early that impacts something later on, but aside from those choices causing you to lose a character permenately, nothing you do throughout the game will causing the ending to change dramatically (except for a choice, of course, at the end!) At the end of the day, the choices aren't as heavy as the game wants you to believe they are.Overall, a good game, but it can be a bit overwhelming at times for a new player to the point of being frustrating. If you beat the game once though, you'll have a good idea of how the characters work, what choices to make/not to make and be able to more effectively fight battles.It's worth noting that I bought this while it's on sale for $4.99, and I would only recommend this game on a sale. Seeing as it's fairly short, the game play, while fun, doesn't offer a whole lot, and the story sets itself up for a sequel with very little closure. $20 is just a bit too steep for what this game offers but still worth playing."
76561198075576191,Recommended,237990,19245793,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Morden,"Really great game. Hours of content and a lot of fun. Only complaints are that the dialogue is all text, but other than that combat is smooth and the art is, in my opinion, ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic."
76561198071878145,Recommended,237990,19140248,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Davio,"Really fun, interesting story. Combat is okay"
76561198131651716,Recommended,237990,19163986,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SonofOdin,"Not a long rpg-like game, 8-10hrs minimum(with smoke breaks). Its tactics style fights. Great art and storyline. 9/10. If you loved final fantacy tactics, 10/10. Playable against others."
,Recommended,237990,19067567,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Master Fubar,"If you don't own this, get it because this belongs in everyones library."
76561198151536134,Recommended,237990,19027653,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TacticalTrout,"Innovative and Compelling, this game was absolutly fantastic. If you read no further heres the bottom line, Buy.Tthis.Game. Throughout the entire game I had the sense that my choices actually mattered and affected the world around me. The story telling was driven, fresh, and innovative. I loved the level of realism and grittiness that was displayed through the story telling, random events, and combat really helped with the imersion of the game. For me however, the real heart and soul of this game was the atmosphere of the world. Combing the weather, the art style, and the music really pushed this game into a higher tier of games. Very memorable, very immersive, will play again.Pros:Very atmospheric soundtrackGritty story tellingWeather SystemChoices carry weightRealistic Moral expectationsDeep character development, and interactionsBeautiful Art styleSolid, and detailed combat systemResource managment was challegingCaravan interaction really filled in the travel sections and made it interestingCons:I felt like the stoy was cut short (sequel?)The reknown system seemed a bit...lore breaking? In a game that seems to be completely invested in itself I think that there should have been two seperate systems, one for unit upgrades, and one for trade and other economics. You cant buy food with your battle prowess.Addition of being able to trade supplies forIts on sale for $5 until November 16th. If you enjoy SRPGs then this game is for you. If you enjoy atmospheric and immersive story-telling this game is for you. If you want to spend 10 hours playing a great game this game is for you."
76561198041592607,Recommended,237990,9211805,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Celtic Soviet,Awsome game that takes you back to the times where you read those books that gave you choices that affected the story this game is exactly like that. Great game! Great story!
,Recommended,237990,9214784,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,spotieotiedopalicious,"SImply put, this game is amazing. This is a must buy for any fan of tactical RPG's. The story is great and its gorgeous to boot.Bit of a diffcult spike/learning curve, but you can put it on easy if you are having a tough time. Cant wait for the other parts of this game."
76561198011244317,Recommended,237990,9217569,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Magus,"This game is beyond stunning. It gives a respectful nod to historically accurate viking culture and belief, while keeping itself an original masterpiece. I honestly do not think I will find another game of this standard for a very long time."
76561198042402284,Recommended,237990,9277363,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GabeM,"Good game. The plot is great, the decisions hard, and the battles are fun! My only complaint is that the last boss is insanely hard!"
,Recommended,237990,9278177,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nemi,"This was the perfect game after my Fire Emblem binge. Wonderful aesthetic, music and world immersion combined with interesting gameplay. Definitely recommend that you give this gem a try."
76561198046600940,Recommended,237990,9282589,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Thanat0snihil,"Beautiful art and music, intense story,terrifying decisions, very challenging"
,Recommended,237990,9252339,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sneaky Pete,"It's like Fire Emblem Meets Oregon Trail. Be warned though, This is the first of a trilogy, so if you want a conclusive ending, you will have to wait until parts two and three."
76561198053324618,Recommended,237990,9253645,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,AjayRedonkulus,"I have only begun my playthrough of the Banner Saga and wow. Simply wow. If you're a fan of titles such as Fire Emblem combined with the artistic style of Disney films such as Sleeping Beauty, this is for you. The blend of nordic culture with a world in peril really appealed to me. As I said, I am about four hours in, and already totally taken aback by this fantastic game."
,Recommended,237990,9089189,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KiLLu,"Phenomenal game so far:+ fantastic artwork+ simple, yet challenging combat mechanics+ interesting, dark fantasy-universe+ intriguing story+ good OST+ fair price+ deep atmosphere- slightly repetitive gameplay-wiseFull recommendation!"
76561198096841038,Recommended,237990,9326938,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Alacardnightmare,"Banner Saga was pretty cool. I beat the game in about 11 hours which I feel is pretty quick, but it probably has a lot of preplayability. I'll likely come back to it after a while, though. I like the art style and over all style of the game. The dialogue was some of the MOST CLICHE dialogue I've heard in just about every fantasy fiction. The game ends with the story feeling unresolved while the experience has closure at the same time which is a unusual combination. The lore seemed pretty cool and original. What I liked best about the game was how the decision you make on the road have a great deal of impact how the story unfolds even though it unfolds to a similar ending each time. The characters you have on your team can actually die based on how you handle encounters. The grittiness of that aspect of the game was the most memorable. As for the actual gameplay, it was fun, but not strategic enough. I played on hard difficulty, fighting at every opportunity and lost a match only once or twice. Most of the special abilites of the character felt either underpowered or not that big of a deal even though there was a huge variety of special abilites."
,Not Recommended,237990,9357908,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pentagram_Alakazam,I really don't see what all the fuss is about.  It isn't by any means bad but the way they tell the story doesn't really grab me and maybe my expectations were just too high cuz I couldn't wait for this to come out.  The way the dialogue is presented just feels kind of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and it makes it hard for me to care about the characters and this story as much as I want to.  Maybe I just don't get it.  On a scale of ♥♥♥♥ this to ♥♥♥♥ yeah I give it a meh.  I really wanted to love and care about this game but after playing it for a few hours I just don't.
,Recommended,237990,9358028,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,yukstin,Gorgeous graphics and music help immerse you into this game. Combat is difficult but rewarding.
76561198059865251,Recommended,237990,9358771,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Miles Gloriousus,I loved this game.  It brings me back to a time when a good game was about a compelling story and characters that you care about and get attached to.  The story was very enjoyable and reminiscent of a choose your own adventure book.  Sure you’re going from point a to point b but how you get there and the decisions along the way can be unique.  Combat was fun and in certain places very challenging.  It feels kind of like chess which is easy to learn but difficult to master.  The score was moving and the artwork breath taking.  Part one of a planned trilogy you’ll have to wait to resolve the story which ends on a bit of a cliffhanger.
76561197998115390,Recommended,237990,9140342,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dungeon Master Karoc,"Great little game, filled with classic RPG and TBS elements. A good buy."
76561197996599706,Recommended,237990,9140511,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Patch,"Ok, this game OOOOZES character... very nice"
76561198045746725,Recommended,237990,9140535,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sigmund,"This is easily the greatest game I've ever played. The combination of a beautiful storyline, phenomenal soundtrack and the good gameplay make this game worth its price. I hope to one day see more games in this world"
76561198109101379,Recommended,237990,9145235,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MasterLesher,"Great game, check it out! The Banner Saga"
76561198042134062,Recommended,237990,9147018,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Fishgoosie,"Amazing, Simple, Casual. The art in this game, combined with the thought out plot makes a wonderful game. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,237990,9364199,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bakkensota,"Was expecting Final Fantasy Tactics (but better), instead got this game. Very short other than making one restart if did accept Onef. The last battle was expected to be the mid-start or middle of the game instead Bellower was the ending and same minion types throughout game.Not to groovy."
76561197963714868,Recommended,237990,12030055,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!","this game is great.  If you like Fire Emblem, Shining Force, Ogre Tactics, FF Tactics, Warsong/Langrisser, etc. you owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198138526505,Recommended,237990,12060021,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,the fudge,this game is great if you love epic music and vikings there is a good ammount of replay value normal story is about 10 hours well worth the $10  only problem i had was the ending came to short i wanted to play more
76561197998829537,Recommended,237990,12060131,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Smithereen,"(+++) Fantastic art style and excellent score(++) Atmospheric, bleak setting.(+) Caravan management is tense and emphasizes the high stakes(-) Point-of-view shifts are often abrupt.(-) Short (for the price)(--) Simplistic and unengaging combat(---) Truly awful English.Cautiously recommended"
76561198081074555,Recommended,237990,12060658,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,lachlan,"the art style and atmosphere for this game is stunning, highly reccomend it."
76561198011305877,Recommended,237990,12061249,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Herr Catsfood,beautiful story and gameplayturn based tactical strategy
,Recommended,237990,12063014,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,IamnotEmo,"This game is so worth buying, best game bought this year for me. I really delve into feeling like I'm actually part of the story.It makes me feel as if I am the Author and I am writing as the story unfolds as many hard decisions and decisions in general decide what outcome you get in the story, whether it be good or bad that's up to you.I do love this game a lot, I don't really have any complaints about it either 9.5/10 -Tim"
76561198038258688,Recommended,237990,12064831,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Berg,"Original concept, amazing art and entertaining combat coupled with an incredible setting, intriguing story and hard choices with unexpected and real consequences. I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a unique, fresh and capturing experience!"
76561198040689379,Recommended,237990,12065440,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Zeus's Beard,Briliant story reminiscent of older rpg's and the gameplay and graphics are unique in there own way. I look foward to a sequel
,Recommended,237990,11927863,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Multiplex10,"Beautiful game, and some really clever mechanics (although the UI for combat is dodgy in some areas). I do wish the animation and voice work was a little more extensive, but the story was engaging once you settle into it — there are, perhaps, a few too many characters introduced too quickly early on (and a few other useless characters).All in all, I would say the game is terrific, though, and would LOVE to see more games using this engine from the developers."
76561198067579629,Recommended,237990,12142820,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ToKiT,"It's good, but different.Kinda like a really toned down Viking version of Oregon Trail.I went into this with moderate to high expectations, and they were almost met.The game was pretty fun for a while, but just when I felt the game should get more expansive it gets more restrictive.About 3/4ths on the game felt too much like it was 'on rails'.Really in any game like this there needs to be more control over the travel portion of the game.Either just a simple 3-pace/3-rations selector (with moral +/-) or some more advanced system.   Even just a simple 'this location seems x number of days from here' would be ok.  These people live in this world, they should know the surroundings.Non-party choices felt meaningless and had little felling of realism.  Loosing x number of people in your 'banner train' really means nothing.  You can fight every battle without troops, and I would have liked to see a little more stragety there.All in all a good game worth $20, but the ideas and concepts used seemed to hint at more as the game progresses (which it doesnt deliver.)"
,Recommended,237990,12145499,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Baby Hands,10\10 always!!!
,Recommended,237990,12132620,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Beggar,"This game is damn beautiful, with an amazing soundtrack, the feel and ambiance are excellent. Story-wise: The story is great, unfortunately there are a few decisions which don't change anything, contrary to what one might expect. As for gameplay and the decision-making itself.... Someone on the internet described it pretty well by saying it's like ""repeatedly getting punched in the gut"" as you are sometimes forced to make hard decisions or facing consequences, sometimes you might not be able to save a character from dying.So: 9/10 would like to get punched in the gut again by these guys."
76561197964161580,Recommended,237990,12135342,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Longrod1750,"The short version: If you a) want a deep, immersive storyline with real consequences to your choices, 2) enjoy tactical turn-based RPG combat, and 3) don't need blockbuster graphics to enjoy a game, you will love The Banner Saga.The long version:A: StoryThe Banner Saga drew me in to its story in a way that no game has in a very long time. It's incredibly unique, taking inspiration from Viking legend. Three races inhabit the land -- men, giants with horns growing from their forheads called varl, and the dredge, a somewhat mysterious race that you'll spend most of your time battling. The world is presented in beautiful artistic style and an interactive map provides details about points of interest. I don't want to give away too much of the world's history or the story itself, so I'll just leave you with this: You will play from the perspective of multiple characters, human and varl, and each character with have their own motivations which you will certainly influence as the player. My only complaint with the story was that the ending seemed a bit abrupt, but on further reflection I think it's a great jumping point for the second game (I hope they're making a second one!)B: Tactical Turn-Based CombatYou'll gain many followers along the way, each of whom will have two special abilities. The two main statistics are Armor and Strength. Unique to this game, Strength determines not just your attack power but also your HP -- lowering an opponent's Strength makes them easier to kill AND less deadly. However, Armor will deflect opponents' attacks, so lowering it first is key to victory. This sounds pretty basic, but with the addition of a third stat, Willpower, The Banner Saga allows for deep customization and alternative paths to victory. Basically, Willpower lets you do extra damage to Armor or Strength, or lets you move farther. Furthermore, you need to use Willpower for your special abilities. Every time your characters gain a level it's tough to decide where to place their new points: Strength, Armor, Willpower, Break (damage to enemy Armor) or Endurance (ability to use multiple points of Willpower at once). It's a simple yet deep system all at once.C: GraphicsAs mentioned, The Banner Saga does not have blockbuster graphics. But it is without doubt a beautiful game. The artistic style is unique: colorful and hauntingly beautiful. The worst part about it is that the character models never change, so your character will look the same, with the same stance, in all scenes. Likewise, there is no voice acting -- you'll be reading text. But I'm willing to overlook this in return for the amazing story.The music deserves special mention: It's outstanding. So good it lets you forget that there is no voice acting. I'm actually tempted to buy the soundtrack.So all in all, I give The Banner Saga an 8 out of 10. It's held back by the lack of differing character models (I'm fine with 2D, but they could at least draw them a LITTLE bit different throughout the game) and the fact that it's relatively brief -- took me 12.5 hours to beat, which isn't bad but at the end I was desperate for more.Make a second one!"
,Recommended,237990,12135647,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Jaang910,Really awesome game
76561198119557740,Recommended,237990,12151442,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Gaborixen,"The Banner Saga is greatly inspired by Norse Mythology and does well to capture that viking feel to it. I thoroughly enjoyed the art style of this game, that old cartoon look was very appealing to me. The gameplay was challenging with a turn based combat system and caravan style out of combat system I often found myself carefully constructing my strategies before taking any action (Which I seldom do in strategy games these days since you can normally brute-force your way through things). The choices you make in the game are rough and small, seemingly insignificant choices you make near the beginning of the game can and will affect you later on.There were a few things I disliked, first being the voice acting. The game begins its first cutscene fully voiced but that's it, the rest of the game is purely text. Budget concerns would make sense but if they were to not voice the entire game it wouldn't have taken much effort simply to just take out that one set of dialogue. Secondly, and I will be brief to avoid spoilers...the story just stops when things get intense which was a killer for me because I fell in love with the story and wanted closure. There are rumors for the next Banner Saga game and I hope they made enough money to continue development because this is a story I do not want to have left unfinished.7/10 (Average: Definitely worth your money and a playthrough or two)"
,Recommended,237990,12152776,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Redamancy 🐾,At first I was skeptical  but now it's one of my most favourite games.10/10- A game where 'Hard' difficulty is actually hard.
,Recommended,237990,11905583,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,arbyD,"If you don't know much about this game and just jump to the reviews, here you go. This is a turn based strategy game with meaningful choices that feel similar to a choose your own adventure. It is set in a viking styled fantasy setting, with humans and giants with horns called varl as the two dominant races, fighting against the evil dredge. This game is the first of three parts of the Banner Saga story.The game has a fairly steep learning curve to truly excel at fights, as many fights that seem to be a cakewalk at the beginning can turn into a bloodbath for your party, resulting in injuries that can linger into the next fight if not taken care of. The system of two health bars, one armor and one health *and* attack is pretty unqiue and can take some time to wrap your head around to take advantage of, as well as with the way turns are done. However, it is not something so bad that you have to throw on easy to get by, normal is definitely managable and I can't wait to try it on hard. Also the experience earned in battle, renown, is also treated as your money, similar to Dark Souls. However, there are some nuances.The story (thus far) has been exciting and made me care about the party characters. When I made a decision that ended up resulting in a character's death, I felt crushed. Sure, I could save scum and reload and change my choice, but that defeats the purpose of the choices. If you play it, dare I use the word, correctly and without loading saves to pick the perfect choice (not always applicable), the game feels similar to FTL if you've ever played that. You can't always be the friendliest guy or else it can be bad for your and your people. While I personally enjoy it, it's not for everyone. There is definitely some dark to this world and story.However, there are some faults. As previously mentioned, the way that the turns are handled in combat can lead to some... interesting things in combat, such as an enemy character going twice or even three times to your characters once, purely because there are only two enemy units remaining. Due to this, it is better to simply hurt enemy units down to a weak state rather than outright killing them to prevent stronger enemy units from getting more turns. Also previously mentioned are the nuances of the renown system. To level up a unit, they must have acquired a set number of kills in battle. Unfortunately, some units are better set to weaken enemies to let others strike the killing blow, which naturally leaves them weaker in level unless you specifically farm kills with those units. Not a huge problem, but something that can be annoying to deal with.Overall the game gets my recommendation, and if I hate to rate it I'd give it a solid B+. It is definitely worth the price (moreso if you get it on sale), and certainly a good game, with some room for improvements which will hopefully find some way to work around for the other two parts. If you want to give the combat a spin, you can try The Banner Saga: Factions which is the free PVP version of the game."
76561198061475377,Recommended,237990,12109359,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,GWarren,"Beautiful graphics and music, with an interesting story, thumbs up!"
76561198019166866,Recommended,237990,12109495,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Sir Wildfire,"THis is an exellent game. If you are looking for a good story, here you go. Combat mechanics are also intresting and hard enough  (emphasis on the latter) . This game is well polished and well executed, good  enough bargain on 20 euros, even better when on sale. Have fun :)"
,Recommended,237990,12113627,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ATC Kai,Game is VERY short... could have been great!
76561198211274344,Recommended,237990,19537705,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,bryan.holloway90,"a great get on a steam sale, killed a weekend playing it without regret. It had a great combat system, plenty of complexity for those who want it, but can be bullied through by those who don't. The characters had depth and the world proved intricate and ancient, artistic and creative elements were never dissapointing.the only thing missing was the other half of the game. If you are treating this as chapter 1 and plan on following it though the series i would reccommend getting this title around 5-10, as this game has limited replayability and could be beaten in a day if you put yourself to it.looking forward to the next installments, will definitely continue my saga."
76561198040509293,Recommended,237990,19696335,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kul,best game ever made
76561198081337992,Recommended,237990,19642058,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pedro El Spector,"Just got 100%, and i really liked this game. At first the soundtrack (same composer of Journey soundtrack), the drawings and the plot were stunning themselves, but this turned out to be a very solid game, with a very nice decision-consequence sistem, nice battles, and the food-morale-renown managing is also challenging and fun. Higly recommend to everyone who loves story-rich atmospheric games and/or turn-based strategyP.S. The story is unfinished and The Banner Saga 2 is being developed right now, so keep that in account"
,Recommended,237990,20153540,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mrlavalamp,"This game is absolutely incredible! The developers incorporated a genius way of mixing gripping storytelling, dynamic plot elements, fun yet challenging combat, and created a game that I couldn't ""put down."" Truly a must play! Worth every penny and now I can't wait for the sequel. The unique graphical interface is truly one-of-a-kind and this has been my favorite purchase of the year - even over the ""AAA blockbuster"" Battlefront, which I'm sure disappointed many of you as well. Banner Saga is a gem worthy of discovery, and one which should be very accessible - I imagine the hardware requirements are fairly minimal.In short - buy this now! It's as refreshing and unique as Infested Planet."
,Recommended,237990,20153576,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Reap,"Maybe, just maybe my favourite game in the last 10 years.Why? Sure, the combat system is not exactly original but that doesnt matter since it has refined a lot of parts to create a very unique experience where you can control the outcomes. I love games that  dont rely on chance and that is just what this game does.Next, the animation. Wow. I really liked looking at this games art style. Its such an important aspect of the game to appreciate the asthetic and this game NAILS it. Sure, its a cartoon hand drawn style but its the gloomy story surrounding it that makes it.And speaking of the story, getting so invested in so many characters due to big decisions being made all the time, this game rarely puts a foot wrong.Where it goes wrong is prehaps in some of the text based sequences, it can get a little text heavy at times. The pacing now and then feels odd too and overall the game is perhaps too short missing a clinical ending but these are gripes in an otherwise fantastic game"
76561198116274585,Recommended,237990,20152081,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,banfiadri12,"Challenging, beautiful and engaging.Presents a detailed new world. The story is rich with twists and turns you will not see coming. Many decisions are hard to make as you come to care for these people and varl as well.The challenge of it may seem too much at times, but it is well worth sticking with it and seeing it through.I highly recommend it."
76561198059696254,Not Recommended,237990,20041412,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Plasmamuffin,What will you do if your Lv. 45 Minsc with +9 epic magic super Katana died while playing Baldur's Gatejust because you chose a wrong dialogue line?There were no freaking hints!That's the banner saga.There's no point choosing any option because outcomes are totally random!
76561197994971393,Recommended,237990,20081809,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Occupant,"A gorgeous game, compelling plot and dialog, and a very interesting world. The only thing not to like about this game is how short it is, but well worth the price tag. Simply a great fantasty tactics game."
76561198006782401,Recommended,237990,20132578,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gemini73,"I don't usually play tactical RPGs, but after much consideration I decided to give the much lauded The Banner Saga a go and I'm glad I did.Beautifully drawn and animated with a deep, compelling, story coupled with some excellent turn-based combat this is an exceptional title in every sense.You'd be mad turn not give the Banner Saga a punt. A classic."
76561198079501530,Recommended,237990,20118626,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Spat Bandit,"Great game, hard choices, savage combat. This game is the perfect blend of xcom and FTL.. the game starts dry but once your in... your in."
76561198148643507,Recommended,237990,20119905,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shappy21994124,"Amazing story,beautiful music innovative gameplay GG"
76561198087061319,Recommended,237990,20225186,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Taillefer,"This game is beautiful, in every sense of the word.  I'm speechless after finishing it.  If you enjoy story driven RPGs I highly recommend it."
76561198000703525,Recommended,237990,20182791,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jedi Master Congas,awesome!
76561197996989051,Recommended,237990,20191097,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soggypretzels,"If you like the idea of role playing a caravan of vikings, get this game. Great story, great music, great art. The combat was clear, and has essentialy zero factor of randomness to it. There are a couple of small UI complaints, but over all this game is just incredible. They are coming out with a sequal that picks up where this one left off and they say that your game state (which charactors are dead in your story) will carry over. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,237990,20233834,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,shanneng,"Visually stunning, desperately atmospheric, but very short. It's like an intense glass of single malt, where most games are a case of session beer... :)Felt like I'd only just gotten a handle on combat seconds before the final battle, so the pacing is great as well, which is hard to pull off with shorter games.Very much looking forward to Banner Saga 2!"
76561198125685362,Recommended,237990,20206504,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,vpaxton17,"Great turn-by-turn survival strategy game with interesting characters, beautiful art, an intriguing story, great decision options, plenty of surprises and mystery, and plenty of play-style options. Every decision made changes your chances of survival, your playable characters, or how a major event is approached, which is great. The biggest negative is that the story feels like it's half-finished at the end of the game (I assume this is to keep us on the edges of our seats, waiting for the next one). I also like that it's got a good amount of difficulty to the survival portion!"
,Recommended,237990,20196330,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Prince Robot IV,"A fantastic, truly engaging game! Great stroryline that's immersive and interesting throughout. The soundtrack is also worth noting as it is stunning."
,Recommended,237990,20190593,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aegon,"A journey for civilization, a saga of god made creatures from giants to humans, up until dredge, the story of a history of conflict between races where the god have left the plane to itself, abandon all their responsibility to their creation, is a game of turn-based combat but of good old story driven actions that affect you and your caravan of creatures... where famine take a toil on your group cause you can only march forward in this, bad things are coming for you!! Its unique in every sense... art is amazing and the narrative is really a SAGA"
76561198015427506,Recommended,237990,20164735,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Love1sWar,"Good cheap game with a nice story. If you have time to kill and youre in to the whole nordic/viking theme, it wont hurt to try it out."
76561198029122438,Recommended,237990,20054596,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Auto-X-tacy,"***SPOILERS REVIEW**1st off I was a beta tester to this game and I did not see a few of the key parts that I enjoyed so much in the beta in this final version. The 2 things I enjoyed most during beta was the ability to create your own team in the barracks and the ability to pvp with other players. Perhaps these functions were only created to aid in class balancing but when I started playing this game and seen those 2 functions gone I was severely disappointed.Next, Great story! Every choice you make has ramifications that domino deeper into the rest of the gameplay outcome.Be VERY careful who you let into your caravans because they may very well backstab you and cause great damage for your story outcome. Also when a dispute happens and someone leaves or dies ytou also loose any equipment that person had currently equiped on them. This is a very costly outcome when reknown is what is used to upgrade your team, buy equipment for your team and buy food for your caravan.I got through the first playthrough in about 18 hrs. I took my time, read everything and even player a few points twice because I was devistated by the previous chapaters outcome.I plan to play through it all again and this time be far more slective as to who I let into my caravans and also I plan to see what happens if I just let them caravan people die out because I don't compromise on who gets leveled up and gets gear vs buying food.Also, I would have liked the ability to explore/adventure around the open world map by my own choices, kinda like an endless oregon trail mode and decide to get back to the story at my leisure. Its a huge world that we only get to see a very small portion of it through the storyline.Lastly, I beleieve every time you enter camp while on the road, I think the game autosaves. Sooo.... camp ALOT top create save points that you can go back to in the event that a fight or discussion goes south.Pros: Good story, unique fun combat, great art, ability to change the outcome of your story by your own choices.Cons: extremely limited team customization, very limited gear customization, no pvp, no world explore/adventure option. You may love a specific character for his or her story but hate their class specialization (Alette for me). It would have been better that every time you introduce a new character that you allow the player to slect that character's specialization within the hardcoded base class. For example. Alette  is an archer base class, with an eagle eye specialization. I hate eagle eyes. I never used her because of this. It would have been awesome to be able to slect her as a bow master instead!3 out of 5 stars is what Id give this title.  It's a great start to something amazing IF the developers continue to mature and expand on what is already here. I hope that is what is in BS2."
,Recommended,237990,14489700,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Andru Marksson,I've stayed up late playing this game a number of nights now. I enjoy the story as well as the strategy combat.
,Recommended,237990,20020999,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,luisdiegore,"Im only recommending this game because of the visuals, it looks gorgeous, you are must likely going to read and read and read and read 80% of the game, the only voice acting available its what you see in the trailer, you can finish it in 15 hours, of which 11 hours youll spend reading, must of the time stupid stuff, like: what are you gonna do with the drunken guy?, the fighting its different, ...and yesss your Power and HP bar its the same, but thats okay, you have to think how to deal with it, the main story its okay.Just buy the game if you really want to spend 11 hours reading..."
76561198147054133,Recommended,237990,20053374,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Asylum,"Purchased this recently on sale. I would consider this more story rich type of game, then TBT. Yes, there is turned based combat, but it is mostly to push the story forward & began to feel a bit repetative. Only reason to replay this would be for steam achievements, too bad I'm not into that.I would recommend this to anyone who is into Norse Mythology & is looking for a story rich game w/ some TBT combat thrown in."
76561198046595649,Recommended,237990,20040598,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Thor Does Not Approve,"I think this is one of the most beautiful games out there. The story and atmospere are amazing, and the characters are so likeable. I definitely reccomend this game. 10/8 would cry again"
76561197998701258,Recommended,237990,20063702,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Psygnal,"This one took me by surprise. It's a little bit Vikings, a little bit Oregon Trail, and a little bit turn-based tactical combat game. The story was intriguing, and the art, music and animation were top notch.Where it fell down was that it feels like half the story.(NO SPOILERS)It ended in much the same way that a Season One of a series often ends... a notable victory (if you don't screw up) and some pretty major plot-points left unexplored.  There's a sequel in the pipeline, so I can see that will probably sort things out.I loved it. But was it worth only seven hours of game-play to complete it on Normal difficulty?I'm not sure. I'm going to try a play-through. Depending on how different the story is on re-plays, it could very well be very replayable. If different choices aren't going to make much difference, then I'd have to say wait for it to be on special."
76561198058180146,Recommended,237990,20055625,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The King Of Bears  ll,this game is like a nordic zombie apocolipes and game of trones
,Recommended,237990,20057711,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Doble Passe,"I'm a huge fan of indie games and when I found out that Banner Saga was on sale I had to buy it and finally try it out.  After finishing the game, I'm not really sure how to feel about it.  I guess I had fun?This game is EXTREMELY story driven.  Which is great!  I love a good story.  However, there was one component missing: ME, the player, actually caring.  I had a really hard time caring for the world, the backstory itself seems like it could be its own game. In fact, I found the backstory far more intriguing and I would've love to play that game instead of what I was currently playing (god war, constant sun, ect). Irritatingly, the game falsely gives you an impression that you'll be exploring the world with limited supplies. Instead you'll be exploring the world on a set path with limited supplies.  The game assigns a main character instead of switching off parties like it seems to do at the beginning of the story.Speaking of characters, I really had a hard time caring for the characters themselves. Most of the game choices made seem to revolve around ""do this so X doesn't die"" or “do X and fight more monsters or do X, make someone mad and don’t fight monsters”.  Which would be heart wrenching and hard, if, again, I actually cared about the characters. At the end of the game, you're given a 'major decision' and instead I had to ask myself “who do I care less about in my party?”  I ended up saving all my characters out of more political/gameplay reasons (ie spending a lot of renown leveling up that character that WOULD'VE died). Side note, the developers really hate Egil.On the topic of renown, I thought it was silly having it do two things: leveling up your characters and buying supplies.  Maybe a gold/EXP system would make more sense, but I suppose it adds a layer of unnecessary difficulty (not letting people in your caravan starve or leveling up your characters to make fights easier and make renown easier to earn)The combat system is fun I guess.  Frustrating though, having your characters rely on their HP to do damage is infuriating when the opposing mooks decided to gang up on your hard hitter tank, and then suddenly when it’s his next turn (men are apparently only allowed to hold melee weapons) hits like paper.The graphics are cute, very cartoony. I really appreciated that.  However, the intro teased me by having a fully animated scene, which I expected more of.  Nope, that’s the only animated scene in the whole game is at the beginning.I think this game suffered from some deadline issues, I feel great chunk of the story gameplay has been removed or modified just to make Kickstarter backers happy.Overall, this game is alright.  I recommend buying it on sale because it does have some rather interesting gaming elements and a mildly interesting story, however don’t expect it to blow you away."
,Recommended,237990,20254387,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,OkamiJasper,"Have just finished this. In my opinion The Banner Saga is a brilliant and beautiful story that i literally couldnt put down until id finished it, it left me wanting more! Fantastic character story and lore, a great world which i hope we get to see more and more of.Gameplay is smooth and i experienced no noticable bugs, the only issue i could find was when using a controller your selections/icons ? dont highlight which left me a little confused when i first began playing but i still became comfortable nevertheless.Great game great story. I need more! and soon!"
,Recommended,237990,22474941,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ColePram,"I back this game when it was on Kickstarter, but hadn't played it much outside the multi-player battle that was original beta testing. I saw if for sale on Steam and grabbed it. I played through the story and wanted to immediately go back and play again. This is a great story driven game and the turn based combat is also really good.My largest complaints are there aren't enough opportunities for combat to get enough ""renown"" to level your heroes, buy awesome accessories AND keep your caravan fed. And I couldn't get my favorite combat characters until late in the game.I would really like a more Final Fantasy tactics type character development where I could create and level character classes without waiting for the story to just give me the classes I want in combat.I still highly recommend this game."
76561197984737819,Recommended,237990,22492553,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,No_SuRReNDeR,Do you like viking-ish strategy games you can play and enjoy while sipping a cold frothy beer?If yes...This game is for you!Would drink again 10/10
76561197997347184,Recommended,237990,22484123,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Hardûn,"I have a great respect for games in which every aspect works towards a central theme, where gameplay, art and sound combine to make it an artistic experience.The Banner Saga wholeheartedly succeeds at that. Its tale of difficult choices while travelling across a breaking world is matched by the trustworthy-yet-unforgiving turn-based gameplay, while the art and sound flesh out the world better than any text scroll ever could.The story starts a little confusing, jumping between characters you haven't yet come to know, but by the time you're a third of the wa through and got to grips with who is who the story begins to really hit home, and actually made me quite emotional by the end.If you're a fan of turn-based strategy or narrative adventure games like the Telltale series, then TBS is a perfect blend of the two."
76561198070900468,Recommended,237990,22508918,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,AveryTALLone,THIIS GAME MAKES ME FEEL THE FEELS.
76561198011264642,Recommended,237990,22509137,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,blacknred13,"The story is a surprisingly more deep than I expected, the handrawn landscapes beautiful (don't zoom in) and the narrative excellent.What is a minor dissapointment is the fact that you lose party members by dialogue between fights, which  can feel cheap at times but rarely feels like a major setback unless you invested major renown points into them. The tutorial is also lacking, there are some details I wish I could have known to make the game a little easier such as:1) You can use Renown points to buy food. (I had no idea)2) putting shieldmen next to each other increases their defense. The character with the metal shield when completely upgraded and equipped with an item to increase armor can actually take ZERO damage from the most hard hitting enemy in the game. Good luck on trying to keep him alive though, there's no less than 4 dialogue options that can lead to his death or departure.3) Although characters may die, relationships alter events may or may not happen, the fundamental ending is split between a polar choice that I feel doesn't really take into account any other characters. I understand this may have been too much to ask for, but the only reason you would care that you have characters still alive at the end is because you like some of their dialogue and you may want to use their skills in an imported save in the next game.Other than that, this game is amazing. It's the ONLY game I haven't reloaded a save just to get my characters back. I'm truly excited for the sequel coming out soon, the bleak saga is already one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,237990,22509402,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,cuchipino,"Excellent game!Best artwor, soundtrack and gameplay I have seen in a long time :)"
76561198046666922,Recommended,237990,22511005,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bobbert,Oregon Trail+Herores of Might and Magic+Vikings=Banner Saga
,Recommended,237990,22480973,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Slagsdale,Compelling and beautiful. My only wish is that there was more to play!
76561198041797241,Recommended,237990,22482918,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,reemoo,10/10
,Recommended,237990,22484728,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,fannybandit69,"Well, I cried."
76561198185310342,Recommended,237990,22449339,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,monteazukar,"Good history and graphs and innovative fight system. Although the history does not change to much from some decisions to others, I really had a good time with it."
76561198253816592,Recommended,237990,22462153,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,lukaskisielius,"Had doubts when buying the game, but I wasn't dissapointed. The story is brilliant, though the combat could get repetitive."
,Recommended,237990,8834562,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Leperface,"Awesome game, except I wish the store page said something about it being the first part of a planned trilogy."
,Recommended,237990,8834587,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"Alex, No Maker",Pretty good.
76561198028688455,Recommended,237990,8834594,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Taco Tuesday,This was an excellent delve in to what something so simple can be so Epic! I found that the game play allowed me to play through again and to try different tactics. A good show of ranged and melee combat with some excellent sound and music. Hoping for more DLC or expansions for this!
,Recommended,237990,8834665,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,TonyTalkSick,"While the graphics, gameplay, and storyline are all top-notch, it just wasn't long enough. I sincerely hope there are more episodes to this great game!"
,Recommended,237990,8834925,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Giant Cheeseburger,"Pure, elegant, and strategically satisfying, this wonderfully animated game forces players to make tough choices and live with the consequences.  It has the best tactics game design systems I've found, when it comes to health, attack power, and the ""willpower"" system for spending precious points to boost the effectiveness of individual actions.  I totally came up with that idea years ago for a game I was designing, but I'm not a developer, so now I just have to praise this game.Buy it, you dummy.  It's twice as good as that new XCOM everybody keeps praising."
76561198047297682,Recommended,237990,8835297,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dog Logs,Probably
76561198081013904,Recommended,237990,8835351,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Clayydonn,"This game plays as a brilliantly written RPG Adventure with interesting quirks that allow the player control of his/her destiny with the decisions that are made. Each decision can have a range of effects varying from who lives and dies, to what path the group follow. The Banner Saga is based in a fictional world with strong Viking influences which make for an interesting immersion as the world of Men and the Varl, the viking giants, come together against the Dredge, an ancient evil that threatens both races' existance. The story technically tracks two characters but not quite, with one character being predominantly involved over the other who I personally found it difficult to make any kind of connecton with. In fact I even forgot his name at several point during my playthrough. Rook however, the 'main' character in question, and the majority of the characters involved for that matter have quite complicated backgrounds that the most stringent of players can enjoy uncovering. The combat system in the game employs the typical turn based and grid based tactical warfare with each character employing a special ability. In all I highly recommend this game. It made for an interesting and ermersive story which found me worrying about keeping certain characters alive and my only real negative is that it ended too quickly, although I somewhat skipped through the game desperate to discover what happens next. Saying this however, there are several hints of this becoming a trilogy which is exciting and I will be sure to stay tuned on that front as well as the hints at the release of online multiplayer feature which is also interesting. Out of 10... probably a 7. Definitely worth a look."
76561197970235102,Recommended,237990,8835659,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Gorey,"Gob smackingly stupendous art.  The world map alone has more substance and style than your usual video game drek.  Too bad the combat is half-baked and underdone.  Play it anyway, for the feels."
,Recommended,237990,8835815,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,kiddjt,"I think this is a great game. The visuals are great, the soundtrack really adds a lot of depth and atmosphere, and the story is intriguing. Combat does seem to move a little slow sometimes, but personally it didn't really bother me that much. On my first playthrough I was so taken in with the game that rushing through it would have been criminal.The choices the game presents you with, from the events that occur during the journey to deciding how much of your renown you should spend on leveling your characters, is really challenging. Spend too much renown on leveling, and there won't be enough for supplies and items. Too little, and combat becomes fairly difficult to impossible in the endgame. The choices you have to make could also affect the morale of your caravan, or impact the number and type of units you have available to you in battle.There wasn't much voice acting in the game, but that's alright considering the developers clearly focused their budget on other aspects of the game. Really hoping to see at least one sequel that is at least as good as this one. Really interested in this world that Stoic has created, and am looking forward to seeing where they go with it"
,Recommended,237990,8835890,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Snax,The game is amazingly fun and is pretty hardcore on resources.My only hate for this game is that saving is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ because there are only autosaves and it gets really annoying at times.
76561198042476774,Recommended,237990,8836305,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Eequal5,"This game does an excelent job of giving you a rich world full of backstory and history aswell as characters that strike at emotion. you dont get all the story initially but it is such a good one that you want to find out more.if you are looking for a game that has good gameplay and story get ""The Banner Saga"". 9/10"
76561198001583747,Recommended,237990,8836875,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Insomnioid,Oregon Trail and Final Fantasy Tactics had a baby and it is BEAUTIFUL! Definitly worth picking up if you like either of those kinds of games.
,Recommended,237990,8774487,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DocQuandary,"Amazing game. People who say it is too one-sided either have not played much of the game or are (hate to be rude) horrible at the art that is  strategy/tactics. I have been waiting for a game like this for a long long time. I can't wait fot the sequals, can't wait for more companies to follow suit, can't wait to play this a third time (the choices make game replayablity a big reality"". FYI: The version ""Factions"" is a free-to-play co-op version of this game, however, it has barely any of the story-line, it skips over much of the plot and is really more of a co-op demo. A must for fantasy fans, snow-swept enviro fans, choice-driven fans, and friggin epic turn-based tactics fans. BUY THIS GAME NOW."
,Recommended,237990,8838521,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zealoustrance,So damn good.
76561197989679695,Recommended,237990,8838616,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jaecp,"Holy crap, tis game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic"
,Recommended,237990,8838722,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Citizen Scientist,"Great Odin, The Banner Saga. I bought it to support an indie dev as they stand up to a bullying corporation, and ended up playing something truly amazing, touching, deep... just... wow. Wow. I'm stunned."
76561198051210012,Recommended,237990,8838923,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ulef,Rather interesting game I would say; more unique than a lot I have played lately. It is a good game so far and has a nice story to it.
76561198069401667,Recommended,237990,8839008,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bibulous_Blanket,I'm far from finished with it but love this game. It's captivating and draws you into the story. I feel like I'm playing the sword in the stone with a scandinavian twist. Can't recomend this tough as ♥♥♥♥ing nails game enough.
,Recommended,237990,8839666,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Surg3on-Kash,Very good but only purchase if you like story driven games that don't let you save after a bad dcision.
,Recommended,237990,8824955,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Arte,"It's a good game, a lot of good things going on here.It's pacing starts off a bit slow which hurts replay value a bit but eventually it really picks up. As it goes on it gets almost Lord of the Rings in that you are basically walking across the entire world which can't be helped.There are a few story glitches like for example me killing a guy and then killing his underlings when they attack later but for some reason they magically appeared in my caravan and had conversations later...It has some nice art work and the music is quite what you'd expect, it captures the moments very well.Controls are as good as you get for a grid strategy game.Difficulty is a mixed bag, on one hand you can be in starvation hell regardless of the games difficulty level and how easily you are making the enemies job.It has a transparent curtain of options but at times it does a good job of suddenly spinning the story on it's head.In the end... if it was the end, I think I made a mistake and kept walking when I should have stopped... this was the first time the game did a bad job of explaining the situation I was in and what my options were, because of that I ended up in a never ending (seemingly) walk to no where while starving.Aside from that stuff the game is good, is it with the $25 big ones? Perhaps, I haven't beaten it yet and so I might not have gotten all the content it has to offer, from I have seen I'd say $15 would be a much more fair price tag. (It's not like they should be worrying about growth and investors.)In the end this game is recommended."
76561197983929314,Recommended,237990,17014048,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,"Really enjoyed this one, got about 13 hours of gameplay out of my playthrough."
,Not Recommended,237990,17015257,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rob,Broken combat system. Unclear dialog options.
,Recommended,237990,17017514,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Shaladain,This game reminded me of final fantasy tactics. It was good in a very tactical way. The story was meh. Characters died pretty easily and you can't get them back if they die.
,Not Recommended,237990,10921042,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,s3llsw0rd,"Look, it's super easy to make it clear to  customers that they're not getting a complete story. You absolutely will not ""Live through an epic role-playing Viking saga,"" you will live through approximately the first 10 hours of one and then it will end without wrapping anything up.It is part 1 of a longer story. I would happily pay $50 for all parts of the story, but not $25 for a game that is a small part of a larger story, doesn't even wrap things up with it's own part of that story, and is not labeled as a single part of a saga, but is called Banner Saga as if it were the whole saga.It's marketed deceptively, and I don't like the way Stoic has treated its unsatisfied customers."
76561198046837989,Recommended,237990,17093738,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,xshangraw,"The game's art and music are gorgeous and the story is fantastic. The turn-based combat, which is reminiscent of FF Tactics and other tactical RPGs, comes off as simple at first but has rewarding depths. On the downside, you are often asked to make choices with no good way to weigh the outcome of that choice. It kind of reminds me of old choose-your-own adventure books, except you can't really keep a finger on the last page and backtrack."
,Recommended,237990,17097262,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Daercirs,I dug this so hard i ended up in china
76561198084193788,Recommended,237990,17305282,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Wahhabi Lobby,King of Dragon Pass plus Chrono Trigger
76561198053162392,Recommended,237990,17309237,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Pies,"Kingdom of Dragon Pass and Oregon Trail had a love child, and it's called The Banner Saga. You must ensure the survival of your caravans of refugees or warbands by rationing food and trying to make the best decisions for each obstacle you face. Turn based combat interrupts your long journeys, and you must also ensure the survival of your heroes. With a dark story, interesting combat, BEAUTIFUL art style, and unique gameplay mechanics, this is a title you can't afford to miss."
76561197977095376,Recommended,237990,17104333,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,IchorLQ,Excellent turn-based strategy with a beautiful aesthetic.
,Recommended,237990,17112095,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mogri,"Atmospheric, evocative, beautiful."
,Recommended,237990,17115523,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dyne,"I don't like The Banner Saga. The story is great and the combat is like a more forgiving Heroes of Might & Magic, but be aware that most of the time in the game will be spent watching your caravan travel from one side of the screen to the next while you wait for choose-your-own-adventure prompts to pop up. I recomment The Banner Saga because I understand that there are people out there who will love it and it was at least fun enough for me to sink 5 hours into it on my very first play.Biggest problem is that if you make a mistake and need to start the game over, you have to go through ALL of that walking again. Since you can lose some of your favorite characters without any warning due to you choosing the wrong option in a pop up, that is a huge flaw in my book.The Banner Saga shouldn't be marketed as an RPG or strategy game... it's a visual novel with RPG and strategy elements. If you don't like visual novels, you will hate it."
,Recommended,237990,17254649,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"Wonderful story, terrible combat. It felt like a choose your own adventure novel. All of the characters are pretty engaging and the world has a rich history. You're characters level up and you can equip them, but the turn based battles are incredibly annoying. It's not a standard turn based system, which can throw you off guard easily... but once you get the hang of it you can bear it..."
76561198006837666,Recommended,237990,17200678,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,corey.john.hansen,"I loved this game. I appreciated the art, the story, and the game play was what I was expecting. I've played through several times, and really wish I had the time to go back and get the rest of the achievements, and that's not something I say often. If you're a fan of tactical RPGs and want a Norse flavor, definitely check this out!"
,Recommended,237990,16592252,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TDS | Maven-1-,"If you like a little challenge and disaster->adapt->prevail situations are your thing, then I will recommend this game for it's beautiful hand-drawn graphics, great soundtrack with characters that feel really alive. However, gameplay can be very punishing due to random occurences in story and difficult combat system.You should try to level all your characters evenly. Because you may lose them on the way.Once you get used to the armor first-Health later attack strategy, and keep a replacement hero for a type of hero(if you can), everything will work better for you :)"
,Recommended,237990,16726857,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Fear,"The Banner Saga is a wonderful game worth being played. The story and lore are rich and entertaining. The game presents many choices for you to make over the course of it, and it feels fluid and meaningful. The combat, at first glance, made worry the game would be hard, but once you get used to the mechanics, it's nothing to sweat over. The combat is fun and rewarding. Sometimes you may be down to the last person in your party with three dredge left and miraculously survive. You just have to be careful not shoot yourself in the foot with your decisions in the combat. But even if you do, it doesn't seem to matter much. You may lose fighters and supplies, which is where you can get messed up if you're not careful. All in all the game is amazing. I enjoyed my eight hours. The only complaint I have is the abrupt ending, like many other reviewers comment on. But it's whatever. The ride was fun. I'd recommend picking it up on sale for $5 to $10. But if you love world-building, Nordic inspired lore, and turn-based combat, maybe the full price would be worth it to you."
76561197971943935,Recommended,237990,16772923,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,JosephH,"An outstanding strategy game, and a wonderful example of successful crowdfunding.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237990,16782315,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sabmac,"I was really annoyed when the game ended as I thought it was way too short. Then I looked at my time played, and it was 12 hours. Damn..... It just felt short because I enjoyed it so much, and I was angry because I wanted more. Bravo. The next instalment cannot come quickly enough."
,Recommended,237990,16666388,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mitchfynde,"Imagine Oregan Trail with tactical turn-based combat, a beautiful nordic fantasty aesthetic, and a whole lot of heart."
76561198025406280,Recommended,237990,16679775,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,gonner85,"There are one or two problems with this game; the most glaring is the frustration of not being able to walk diagonally in battle. That said, I can hardly recommend the game enough. It is aesthetically gorgeous, in the overland settings, in the battle settings, and in the conversational settings. with a style of drawing closer to the old Rankin and Boss Tolkien movies than anything I've seen a video game before. It is powerfully evocative, creating a ""Nordish"" world, with potent Viking flavors, but in an original setting. This world, and the story which are set in it, were far richer than I would have ever expected. And in true ""Nordish"" fashion, the ending of the game is rather devastating. 4.5/5!"
76561198065766931,Not Recommended,237990,16723223,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Diclops,"I really wanted to like this game. The composer, Austin Wintory, came to my college and gave a lecture and it was one of the best lectures I've ever attended. That said, the music, as well as the art, is amazing in this game. It's absolutely gorgeous. It is also story driven and I can't really decide whether or not I think the story needs more depth because it did keep me playing the game despite how I felt about the gameplay.Let me preface the rest of this by saying I'm not really a fan of turn-based combat and is usually a big turn off for me. I found the combat incredibly difficult and unforgiving which would be ok, normally. I'm a fan of the Dark Souls series so I'm no stranger to that. However, this game doesn't seem to reward you for anything. After a battle or war, win or lose, I never felt I accomplished anything. I always felt I was just sending my fighters into a slaughterhouse. At best, you will get an item for winning a battle. Win or lose, I always felt like I lost. More people died, more people left, more enemies attacked, people betrayed, it just never stops. Near the end of the game, the story starts picking up, important people are introduced, and you feel like maybe you can win. Then, you beat the final boss, people die, and the game just ends.To conclude, while the game is interesting, the art is beautiful, and the music is phenomenal, it just isn't very well executed in my opinion. This is a game, and I never actually had fun. I always felt defeated."
76561197974102377,Recommended,237990,8970055,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Reaver,"The story, strategy, visuals, and voice acting are amazing!Listen up AAA gaming studio, you should feel ashamed that an indie came could trounce you so badly.Did I mention the story is awesome?"
76561198095698807,Recommended,237990,8970177,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Buttersgra,"This game is incredible. Beautiful graphics, fun combat, incredible story, and suprising twists and turns, plus the game's soundtrack is stunning. it's just an incredible game."
76561198046424908,Recommended,237990,8970239,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Nerevar,"Normally I am to lazy to write a review, but I cannot stop raving about this game.  It is amazing.  The story is great, the art is breathtaking, and the gameplay is solid.  A+, 10/10, this is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,237990,8973156,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ghost_Helm,"Brilliant game, great artwork, animation and game A little expensive at it's current price though (£18.99) - however would definitely reccommend it!"
76561198007647246,Recommended,237990,8934691,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,MADccHRIST,"If you think story is important in a game, this game will give you major feels."
,Recommended,237990,8935754,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,FreeCell,Great!
76561198028327203,Recommended,237990,8936144,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,pantryentry,"I was really enjoying the game and then suddenly it ended at what felt like the half way point. Played for about 10 hours.. So, just be aware, that's what $25 buys you here - ten hours' worth of the prologue and first chapters of a pretty good story.The world is very deep, with a great deal of mythological and historical detail, and the story arc is engaging although they could have used an editor, but there is a strong sense that the developers simply wanted to release the game at a certain point rather than finish the job. Perhaps there will be a more complete version of the game released at some point."
76561197975797336,Recommended,237990,8936769,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Nafod,Excellent little package of a agame put together by Stoic.  Combat is fun but tends to get a bit old by the end of it.  However my simgle complaint would be that the game ended about halfway through where I thought it would.  Wanting more of it isn't a bad thing.
76561198117326632,Recommended,237990,8942072,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kir Kanos,George R. R. Martin + Disney = Banner Saga
,Recommended,237990,9148908,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,HetMasteen,"Great game. Stunning art, interesting lore and story, and enough depth of combat to keep things interesting. Not a masterpiece, or classic...yet. The groundwork is there for Stoic to do with a sequel what Gearbox did with Borderlands 2."
76561197980276216,Recommended,237990,9149875,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[G.O.R.E.] billyrayjoebob2,FEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
76561198029528181,Recommended,237990,9150167,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Wild Joker,"Great game. A bit of FF Tactics cross Oregon Trails with beautiful animations.Buy to suppose them against the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T trademark of the word ""Saga"" by King"
76561197975083647,Recommended,237990,9150602,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kai,Beautiful artwork and nordic setting.The turn based battles are simple but strategic enough.Excellent writing where you feel like your choices have some impact on the story.
76561198030763644,Recommended,237990,9150806,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,hawkz53,"One of the best strategy games I've played in a long time. The art is amazing, like none other and the mythology is very interesting. Combat is challenging, which is good and the music never gets old. The only sad part is that the rest of the trilogy ins't out yet. Definitely worth playing if you're a strategy game fan and an even bigger plus if you like norse/viking art."
76561198044423197,Not Recommended,237990,9150920,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,s.shade,"story ends on cliffhanger, and paid more for the deluxe edition. Didn't get the soundtrack. gameplay is great, campaign is otherwise great. I don't recommend it."
76561198059404769,Recommended,237990,9151952,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,rrichard0002,"I was totally caught off guard by this game. Just completed the last mission and was in shock to see the credits rolling. I can't believe it's over. You have to understand that I've been playing computer games for a very long time. I've played just about everything, from the original pong to the latest MMOs. As I've grown older, it's become more difficult to find that deep sense of immersion that can make a game experience totally awesome. Partly because I'm getting older and partly because i've been around long enough to notice the quality of games decline over the last few years. I don't even want to tell you how much money i've spent on crap games. If anyone from Stoic Studio ever reads this, I just want to say thank you. You created something beautiful and moving. You are true artists. I hope the Kickstarter thing keeps working so you guys have the freedom to make awesome games the way you want. The way we all want. And I'll be here to give you my money. You earned it. Now please make a sequel to The Banner Saga as quickly as possible. Seriously."
76561197970980435,Not Recommended,237990,9131274,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,akark,"First off I must say the gameplay is nice, and the story is really great. The musical score is one of the best I've heard....But that being said, Do Not buy this game. It is a completely unfinished product. The story ends abruptly, with no warning or explination. This would be acceptable if it were labled or marketed as one part of an on-going story, but it is not. There is no mention on the store page that this game is not finished, and that is unacceptable.Again, Do Not Buy this game."
76561198036921383,Recommended,237990,9132106,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ryan_Son_Of_Nel,The art is beautifully displays Norse culture.Not to mention a meaningful storyline that really encourages you to keep playing and bonds you to all the interesting characters you meet along the way.This game is revolutionary in it's animations and has a refreshing storyline; something well-needed in today's game industry.
,Recommended,237990,9133325,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Danger Johnson,This game is my new favorite. It combines the tiled strategy gameplay of 'Fire Emblem' and 'Final Fantasy Tactics' with the randomly generated overworld trek in the style of 'The Oregon Trail'. These coupled with a decent challenge make this game a consantly replayable experience that everyone should enjoy.
,Recommended,237990,9134202,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sarah,"Everything about this game was amazing and satisfying. The art style, characters, music, and story suck you into a world that you are sad to leave. My only complaint is that it ended too suddenly for me and I want more. I want to learn more about the story and these characters!"
,Recommended,237990,21762511,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,joeyk86,"I skipped most of the story lines because there are just too many texts! I like the gameplay, the turn based fighting and the ability to plan your heroes' starting position and turn orders.I wish that there is a fast forward sign whenever they are travelling. Otherwise, good game! Sad ending though :(("
76561197970518271,Recommended,237990,21755211,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Richard Wilkins III,"This a wonderfully well written action-adventure. The artwork is a throwback to Don Bluth era Disney animation, you don't see it these days. Your decisions affect the course of the game and the battles are easy to learn, hard to master. Great game."
76561198060334649,Recommended,237990,21761375,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,querying,"I decided to play this game because I was a fan of turn-based strategy and thought this looked interesting. However, I was not prepared for how fantastic this game was. The story is one of the best that I have ever seen, the world is intriguing and exciting, and the gameplay is fun and enjoyable. This has become one of my favourite games of all time."
76561198057015174,Recommended,237990,21573054,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bananafish,10/10
,Recommended,237990,21453384,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Röbton,"This is an excellent mix between turnbased, tiled combat, with huge story elements where your choice is crucial to who lives or dies, and the end of the game. Things can get out of hand real quick between battles.For one, you have to upgrade your warriors with points earned via battle. Those can quickly run out, and then you have to get supplies for the travels. Those are acquired via the same points, which can come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥fast if you don’t think fast.I lost a good chunk off Fighters and Vargs due to starvation a way into the game. But towards the end it turned around once I focused more on getting supplies, suddenly I lacked a lot of points to upgrade my warriors.Quickly summed up: Fun, calm gameplay, beautiful art, and a story you really get into if you are into Norse mythology and Viking/fantasy stuff. Recommended."
76561198014263326,Recommended,237990,21466664,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BoreusSimiusXXV,"The Banner Saga is a truly fantastic game. It is a tactical RPG set in fantasy world inspired bu Norse mythology. The first thing that you will notice about this game is its very unique, and beautiful artstyle. The striking artstyle reminds me a lot of classic Disney animated films such as The Black Cauldron, and its the first time I have seen it used for a long time in a video game.The Banner Saga's grid-based tactical combat is challenging and very enjoyable, but most of the game will be spent in between the combat sections, traveling across the land. During this journey your main concern is keeping your clan alive and well, through conserving supplies, maintaining morale, and making tough decisions that will often have major consequences; good or bad. The strength of the game however, is in its worldbuilding and enthralling story. A huge portion of your time playing the game will be spent reading the brilliantly written dialogue and narration, so expect to be reading a lot.When you are victorious in battle you will receive 'renown', the game's currency, which you will spend on supplies, making decisions, and equipment that can upgrade your party members. This renown system is very unforgiving however, as you will probably spend it on items, decisions, or  supplies, and then later on realise you needed that renown for a crucial decision that could have dire consequences.The story is fantastic, but a cliffhanger ending left me feeling slightly unsatisfied, although a good sequel would remedy this. Overall, The Banner Saga has very few flaws at all, and should definitely be experienced, if only for its rich story, and stunning aesthetic.8.5/10Wonderful. A one of a kind experience, that's worth it even at full price."
76561198013542927,Recommended,237990,21475742,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Satyros,"it's a fire emblem, but with less japanese crap and more vikings.vikings/10"
,Recommended,237990,21471665,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,gwonkles,"Immersive, beautiful, strategic. Loved every moment of it. Definitely a work of art."
,Recommended,237990,21490139,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Society Of Pawns,Love it Spent all night playing it and I havend one that in a long time.
76561198007983404,Recommended,237990,30717845,Posted: 24 March,all,OrcWhisperer,"Theme, atmosphere, story.  Consequences.  Fun combat."
,Recommended,237990,21576523,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,doug,"It's a beautiful game, with a deep history and a very cool looking.You should definitely try it, specially if you're into different styles of RPG's. It's just different from the others, trust me.I never played something like that before and normally that would be a bad thing (cause I played a LOT). But not this time.This game deserves to be recognized as a real classic. Buy it, you won't regret."
76561198060822053,Recommended,237990,21470198,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SuperNerdJoel,"The traveling and random events get tiring, but the turn-based combat is a ton of fun.  Simple, but still different enough to feel unique."
76561198067749777,Recommended,237990,21537701,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Altoidmintz,It was great! Although short...
,Recommended,237990,21638485,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Count Fuckula,"the art direction, the sound design, the story, everything is very powerful. so sad and beautiful, a masterpiece!"
76561198006716904,Recommended,237990,21648071,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,hobbit,"I was pleasantly surprised how immersive and engaging this game turned out to be.  The storyline was very detailed and wove a complex but interesting tale that was interesting to become a part of, and framed the game play.  The mechanics were familiar but allowed for the flavor of this world to come out.  I recommend it highly."
76561197998792099,Recommended,237990,21636916,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,excaliber,An amazing game that clearly demonstrated why I do not have any aptitude for chess or strategy games. My only problem with it is that it feels incomplete. It ended right when it was about to get interesting and the sequel is still months away.
,Recommended,237990,21650664,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bradicus Prime,"Great story, interesting lore. Mostly on rails, but some minor decisions can have big story effects. Decent battle system. Game has a wonderfully detailed game map, but you can't use it for anything other than flavor text. Overall good game, can't wait to see the sequel/s."
76561198043671732,Not Recommended,237990,21626512,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Great He Goat,prettygood
76561198039374672,Recommended,237990,21525583,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Mighty Gaben,"An unforgettable experience, touching story about a bunch of travelers who were caught in the great war, interesting gameplay. Totally worth trying."
76561198108019589,Recommended,237990,21615383,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MIXUPMIKE,Fun game with a great story and great combat.
76561198033489949,Recommended,237990,18967943,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,karljohnson88,this game is amazing.  army fights could do with being shown to match the other perfect graphics but otherwise 9/100 storys amazing and well planned
,Recommended,237990,18849391,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ShonaNingyo,"An absolutely beautiful game inspired by Scandinavian culture and lore from the days of old. The music and art alone are worth giving this game a try. I wholly enjoyed my time playing, watching, and listening to the story unfold. It truly does live up to the word ""Saga"" as it revolves around a long journey full of peril and the struggle to survive an quickly encroaching threat.What is amazing is that this game's universe contains a very fleshed-out map for the players to peruse. It took me 20 minutes to systematically click on and read about the universe I found myself in. It is made very clear that the game you are playing is only scratching the surface of this world.  Hopefully even more of the land will be visited in the sequel!"
76561197984918230,Recommended,237990,18929443,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Monty! (Don't Slut Shame Me!),alot of fun woth the $5 bucks i spent on it :p
76561197960962642,Recommended,237990,18950671,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bnanane,My personal favorite game 2014
,Recommended,237990,18951163,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Erev0s,"Reminded me of FF: Tactics a bit. Great game. Only issue is that it didn't last long.It would also be much cooler if it had a open world mode, in which I woul dbe able to choose where to go.All in all a solid choice."
76561198058935041,Recommended,237990,18946942,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Voight-Kampff,this game is really well written and really good! Buy it!
76561198058552491,Recommended,237990,18959619,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Stranger Danger,"This game is just... a must buy or die game. So must there be anymore information?The music is peaceful yet empowering, it soothes the soul but also raises spirits, the song on it's own is amazing but accompained with the game makes it immensely more fun to play. The little interaction made with the poeple in your parties of why they each have chosen to fight give you more of a reason to defend and look after you caraven. The main story has epic decisions that will greatly impact what you will do and happen to cities, massive populations and more. The battle system in place has you trying to think out your strategies and grealty reward you with renown that can buy supplies for your caravan, promote your character and buy items.The game in all has an excellent story with writing that is made by the gods (that are not dead). Amazing music that makes it worthwhile to also buy the soundtrack. Battles which have you slowly but strategically win with the warriors you have at your disposal. So buy buy buy people and don't look back."
76561198248175188,Recommended,237990,18957123,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,THE_V,"I can with complete confidence say that this is the most beautiful game that I have ever played. The artwork alone is enough to give this game a try and enjoy the intricate work that has been done. The storyline of the game is also professionally written, very deep and book like, without the unnecessary arcade action everywhere. The absence of a saving option emphasises the importance and weight of your decisions in the game witch at times may seem annoying but in the long run the overall experience is much deeper this way in my opinion. Overall a great peace of work from the entire team. Looking forward to seeing more of there work."
76561197976592626,Recommended,237990,18379523,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kevvy Richy <3,"Oh God, I wish I could give this game five stars. I love Germanic mythology and Viking or old Scandinavian lore in general. You take great art in a turn-based strategy game with nice music and a cool story and you basically have earned five stars automatically from me. But then you screw up on a bunch of buggyness when the game launches that makes it impossible, and you advertise choices like they matter when they usually don't and you shoot your foot clean off. 3.8/5"
76561198048493972,Recommended,237990,18400226,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,JorrdKarrd,"Absolutely stunning story and artstyle. Bit short, but it's never dull or boring."
,Recommended,237990,18400269,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,big orange gourd,"Great story, real pretty scenes, and fun gameplay. Definitly recommend this, worth it all."
76561198104577332,Recommended,237990,18471119,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Rotatebilly,"It's a pretty game; watching the landscape clowly crawl along as your caravan moves is a really great feeling. The combat is also pretty fun. I can''t help but wish it was a bit longer though. I know they have a sequel, but I'm not completely convinced about whether I'll buy it or not.I'm just a bit unsure about the price; I finished the campaign in a little under 15 hours and I'm a pretty slow gamer at the best of times. I just don't know if there is enough content to justify the price tag. Don't get me wrong; I enjoyed the game, but I would recommend buying it on sale if you get the chance.I also had some trouble getting it to work the first time I played it; the game kept crashing whenever I tried to play. I eventually got the issue sorted out, but it's just something to consider if you're thinking about buying it."
76561197995191308,Recommended,237990,18473671,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Terry,Good atmospheric srpg. only minor problem with the last boss of the gaming worst mechanics i've seen in a long time.
,Recommended,237990,9237324,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Floki,"Link to my Let's Play of The Banner Saga:http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLH76bElZ7XJMc2R6ybE2k3t01ItssJNheBetween The Banner Saga and The Banner Saga: Factions, I've probably put WAY too much time into this game... and I've loved every minute of it. They have taken your classic turn based strategy tactical game and wraped it in a layer of Oregon Trail and topped with a brilliantly told epic saga based around classic viking-esque lore.Total length: Roughly 10 hour or so storyline.The combat differs from a game like XCOM wherein you'd get your turn where you move all of your units and then let the enemy take a turn moving all of their units. In The Banner Saga you trade off on each unit movement. The Order they're moved in is based on how you organize your units prior to batter. This very miniscule difference makes for a pretty spectacular change in how combat is paced. Look at it this way, if you're getting slaughtered and the enemy has 5 units to your 2. You get to move your units 2-3 times before one of their units gets a second turn. It can really help turn the tide IF you're very smart about it but it isnt enough that it feels too powerful. The enemy also gets this advantage while outnumbered and can make setting up traps and cornering/surrounds units a solid strategy to make quick work of them.The Banner Saga is single player only... If you want Multiplayer go download The Banner Saga: Factions here on steam. It's free to play and has miniscule micro transactions for basic stuff like unit color variations or small boosts to the amount of renown (experience) you get in battle. The game does solid work of balancing your opponents as well. So if you're curious about this game but not quite convinced... go download Factions and give the combat a shot at least. Cheers!"
,Recommended,237990,9238570,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,a_puma01,"The Banner Saga is a journey through treacherous lands over run with a multitude of enemies. Friendly towns dot the landscape under constant threat of being swallowed up and forgotten. You are expected to make hard decisions, ones that can save or kill the people you care about. Little is left and nothing is forgiven in this cold stolid environment yet you strive to keep moving.Final Fantasy Tactics meets viking-esk lore painted with beautiful artwork and memorable characters. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,237990,9239396,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,sherveenuduwana,"Had a great time playing through this last weekend! Definitely want to do another playthrough,Games like this should definitely be supported, and I think that one should play this game, period.Some may find it too short for $25, but it would be a certain must buy at 50% off or lower.If you're on the fence, I say pick it up when it's on sale. Personally, I'm getting my money's worth out of it.It's definitely not easy, but in a game about vikings dealing with the end of the world, that seems appropriate. With A LOT of effort, I managed to get a caravan of over 500 people to Boersgard without losing them to low morale and starvation, and it actually felt like an achievement. It's the vibrant characters that got me invested and made me try and save the ones I care about, forcing myself into harder situations involving having mostly level 1 characters until the last chapter of the game.The world and art are beautiful and unique in a genre saturated with elves and dwarves, and Austin Wintory's soundtrack gives me chills. The elements of Icelandic culture and storytelling tropes have been woven into the setting and narrative excellently and make the game feel like a saga, an incomplete one though.My one gripe would be that the ending is that it's tone felt much more like the second act than the first, however that tone, while strange was unarguably new and fresh to me. With so much left unresolved in anticipation of a sequel, I feel like Stoic has a lot of responsibility to consumers to ensure the trilogy is concluded, and I hope to see them overcome their legal battle with King over the use of ""saga"" in their title. As long as this is ensured, I think any problems fans might have with the ending will be forgotten in context of the entire trilogy as a whole, and it is a good thing that the ending made me want more in that sense.This hopefully will also resolve what I feel is not enough variation on what is a unique ad interesting combat system, with a lot of depth and potential to develop in the single player campaign. In the sequel I would hope to see scenarios that add more of a twist to the mechanics than placement, as well as more boss battle scenarios. It would be interesting to see battles where you're defending a specific position, or have to escape an immortal Sundr by confining its movement. A good example of this variation would be half life, which introduced mechanics to players early on, and spent the rest of the game putting players in scenarios where the player's current strategies were challenged. Does the player always use a shotgun to kill this enemy type? Put them in a room with explosive barrels. Half life did have the benefit over Banner Saga of a longer campaignUltimately I feel like games that do what Banner Saga does right are too few and far between, especially because I feel that larger studios are unwilling to take risks anymore. So while the game has areas that it needs to improve on, I want the studio to get the support and opportunities it needs to meet those needs and be a better game, because I thoroughly enjoyed it and want to see it succeed"
76561197996183503,Recommended,237990,9240346,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Perhaps,"Beautiful game. Simply interface with a well presented story. Sadly, it felt like it ended too soon.. Lots of room for additional content and story."
76561198073072282,Recommended,237990,9204075,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Henrius,"There was never a better use of the word ""Saga"" in videogames.Because that's what this game is about, the journey that is made, made by the characters through the land, and made by us, players who get personaly engaged with them, with the setting, with the storytelling, with the music and the stunning and amazing art.You never know what will happen in that saga, you never know the outcomes of your decisions, what perils waits in the journey,  how people will react with your actions, and yet that journey must be made for there is no where else to go.The combat was simple yet deep, every single turn is meaningfull, your heroes have very few stats yet all of them matter a lot, every square on the grid matter, even thou its not without flaws, every battle was meaningfull, as do every step in your journey.The saga is filled with beatfully drawn landscapes, people and animations, the music is also fantastic and really make you get into the world.If you want a good story, excelent visuals and music and a satisfying, deep and hard combat, this is a excelent game.9/10"
,Recommended,237990,9204809,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,"Holy crap, this game is good and looks amazing.  Wish I was into Kickstarter and video games.  Too hung up on real life stuff and hobbies to sit down and play video games.  Overall, great game and graphics.  Need more of these type of games."
76561197970720161,Recommended,237990,9204850,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"Epic Saga based on nordic Mythology. Focus on round-based combat, gripping story and decisions that matter. You will find yourself more than once facing tough choices, and come to regret them later on. The round based combat is solid and comes at three difficulties. The story is a gust of fresh wind, but fits perfectly in its setting. The game itself is pretty linear, which though helps telling the story better."
76561198012420923,Recommended,237990,9206035,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,shortmanskuban,"easly one of my favorite syle games. i loved it, and will continute to replay it untill i see every last possibility"
76561197994852458,Recommended,237990,9200356,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mr.chair,Beautiful game.  Great art and music and very cool characters.  The battle strategy is simple but pleasing and has room for depth of understanding.  My only gripe was that it was short.
76561197970512412,Recommended,237990,9200918,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Sin(isträl),"Gorgeous game.  Different.  Occasionally frustrating, but overall, worth playing."
76561198061979822,Recommended,237990,9201024,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Katabra,"Gorgeous game, with an interesting story and enjoyable turn-based combat to keep your attention."
76561198027617691,Recommended,237990,9228481,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Roadtrip Warrior,"very good game in every way, good story, good characters, fun combat, my one complaint is that the ending just kind of ends. It builds up to this great big climax with X, Y, Z and in the end you only end up resolviing X with no word about what happens to Y and Z. and it leaves you hanging high and dry.I'd say the game is really good. but the ending drops the score to a 7 for me. as soon as they have word on continueing the story its an automatic 8.5"
76561198009338770,Recommended,237990,8902559,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,gzussturbo,"First, I'll start by stating the obvious.  The graphical design, battle animations, and music are absolutley amazing!  I felt like I was engaged in a movie (in a good way) as well as playing a game.  I only crashed once while playing this game, so I'd say it's stable.If you are looking for an action packed game, then this is NOT for you.  I would say this is a casual, relaxing game at best.  All you need is a mouse to point and click.  TBS is as linear as a game can be.There is a very detailed map in the game that feels wasted.   Every nook and cranny has detailed lore about it, but you're not going to explore over half of it, which is a shame.There are 3 races in the game.  Humans, Varl and Dredge.  I feel like they could have done more with the Dredge.  There are about 4 or 5 different looking dedge sculpts, then each of those has a couple colour variations of the same sculpt.  So after a few battles with them, it can get a bit tedious fighting the same enemies over and over again.The reknown system is both your XP and currency.  You gain it from killing enemies, or through the decisions you make throughout your travels.  It can get very frustrating when you have to make a choice of starving your army or promoting or buying items.  I really wish they would have put gold or silver in the game to buy items and supplies.You get 1 reknown for killing an enemy, no matter how big or how small.  It would be nice to be rewarded a bit more for killing larger enemies.Also, your characters only get a reknown towards their promotion if they get the killing blow on an enemy.  I'm still trying to figure out if I like this or not, because it definitely adds strategy to the game, if you are trying to level up a certain character.  The downside is you could have a character make some really critical strikes that help your teamates, but if they don't get that last shot to kill the enemy they will stay a low rank and die easily as you progress.Combat is simplistic.  Hit their strength or armor.  There are no tactics such as flanking or backstabbing, which really makes the battles feel tedious as you progess through.  I think they can do a lot more with this system to spice it up rather than just rushing forward and hoping you kill them before they kill you.On to the caravan sequences.  As you travel town to town you will get dialog options that will help, harm, or do nothing based on your dialog choices.  You will lose caravan followers, supplies, and even playable characters (used in battles).   A lot of people feel like this is just a pointless guessing game, as some logical choices harm you and some bad choices help you, but not always.... so in a way they are right, it is a guessing game, but there were a lot of times when I was really surpised by the outcome, good or bad, it gave the game some depth for me and really brought me into some dark times (people starving, poor morale, people unhappy with my choices and leaving), but Iwas fine with that.  It really playied into the dark depressing atmosphere of the game, and because my main characters were not natural leaders, the guessing part really made sense to me.  It made me appreciate those choices that worked out in my favor that much more!All in all, I recommend this game!  I really enjoyed it and felt like I got my moneys worth.   It was a breath of fresh air from the games I usually play. Yes, there are some things they can improve on and I'm sure they will if they make another installment.I give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,237990,8902874,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kor-Phaeron,"So far, I've thoroughly impressed with immersive world of the Banner Saga. Viking culture and mythology are quickly becoming an overdone thing in games, but I feel that this world is more than unique enough to be interesting. The interactive world map, which tells you about places you hover over is also great, and if you're truly into the lore behind games, you can get a lot of information about it, and it displays a truly developed world. The combat is also quite good. I've only had a few fights, but they are tactical and precise, with a wide array of different fighters that have different abilities to be used."
,Recommended,237990,8903433,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Running Ronin,"Lovely art, a original fantasy setting and a strong story. Make for some good 6 hours of entertainment."
76561198093420286,Recommended,237990,8904306,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Broseidon of Brocean,"This game is Epic, I haven't finished it yet cuz I don't want it to end"
76561198034821780,Not Recommended,237990,8906036,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,dan.granke,"Don't play this game unless you enjoy being frustrated at every turn, arbitrary and cruel plotting, and an absolutley ridiculous and unfair combat system. Really poorly designed. Wish they spent more time on gameplay and less time on pretty pictures."
,Recommended,237990,8906608,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,Beautiful. 99/100
76561198092149668,Recommended,237990,8906678,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,frank.sandow,One of the best games i have ever played. Great mix of text game RPG and stratagy.
,Recommended,237990,8884499,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Des,"This game is a gorgeous entry in tactical role playing. In every sense. The systems are understandable and apparent, the aesthetic is well realized, the art is gorgeous. The characters are well-written and varied. When it says make choices, you DO, and they can be very substantial. Even more, they don't tip their hand as to consequences, so it can feel a little unfair sometimes, but it does creat this lush world where you're actively impacting it. Love it. Totally adore it. If you have the 25, get it, if you have the 30, get the deluxe. Worth the price. If you liked Fire Emblem, Ogre Battle, FF Tactics, or anything from that genre, you're doing a disservice by not playing this."
,Recommended,237990,8884636,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mark,"Great game. Loved the story, loved the gameplay. Beautiful graphics and music.9/10"
76561198059199446,Recommended,237990,8884924,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Geck0,"This game is fantastic.If you can emerse yourself in the characrters it grips you and pulls you in.Great story telling, combat is decent but the feel of it all comes together perfectly.Worth the cash."
,Recommended,237990,8885395,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ohgobwhatisthis,"This game is absolutely fantastic.Beware though, it is brutally difficult."
,Recommended,237990,8885522,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Human Bean Juice,"""Wemarch. From dear Lakonia--from sacred Sparta--wemarch. For honor's sake--for glory's sake--wemarch.- 300, Frank MillerOregon Trail + Shining Force + Swedish Chef = The Banner Saga.4 out of 5"
76561198035715525,Recommended,237990,8885923,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Phagus,"With most games I buy, I wonder in the back of my head if it was worth the purchase. Did I really get my money's worth for this experience? Was the price tag justified? If I went back, would I buy it all over again?The Banner Saga is one of those proud few things I can say ""yes, absolutely"" for. The game is a work of art literally and figuratively, adding an enjoyable (if not the most complicated) tactics game to a fantastic story. The writers' grasp on both mythology and real-world culture is impressive and it shows throughout the game.Virtually all my criticisms boil down to ""Not enough, give us moar"". I'll gladly pay for the sequel whenever it comes out, and personally? I'd love to see a free-roaming adventure saga with more randomization and caravan management involved. I don't know if we'll ever see something like that but if nothing else, this game proves that Kickstarter can lead to great things. Outstanding work, Stoic."
,Recommended,237990,8885951,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Teriyaki,"This game is reaallly  pretty.  You should get it, and you should set aside a good 8 hrs to play it in one go.I have some minor problems with the battle system. First, some of the battles are pretty luck based.  As in the order that your team takes actions in is never quite as easy to determine as it should be, so I had to replay a few times in order for the objective to be possible.  Second, I think the level up system should be different.  It was fine, but I don't feel like it got to upgrade things as much has I wanted.You should buy it.  The story is great, and I don't even usually like the viking motif."
76561198072045788,Recommended,237990,8886227,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Dr Von Trip,"amazing game, worth the price and then some. I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for something epic that will eat away a day without realization"
76561198038958745,Recommended,237990,8886364,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,redologus,"Great storyline, good format, Little dissapointed about the length of gametime."
,Recommended,237990,8886420,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,RaZoR,"Such a refreshing and challenging old school turn-based rpg with a cool story and really fun gameplay. The unforgiving nature of the game makes every decision feel important. The first think you'll notice are the graphics though, which are amazing and do a lot to pull you into the world. I'm so happy I picked up this game!"
76561198064300633,Recommended,237990,8887797,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,"very good gamejust recently finished it watch a full playthrough on my channelplaylistwould definetly recomend you buy it. A good price for about a 15 hour game with a lovely story, excelent art style good solid game play etc."
76561198062087842,Recommended,237990,8888856,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,kaimika,"tears were shed, blood was spilt, feels were felt. this game touched me, whenever anyone died or anything bad happened i grieved for a whole day knowing it was my fault, this game hates me, whenever i make a small mistake everything comes tumbling down. i was scared but i pulled through and worked with my problems, i survived. this game is not forgiving this game is not easy and this game is not happy, the whole game it feels as if everything you do is just slightly less bad than the other option, that there is never a time of happyness or peace. this game hates you, this game wants you to hurt welcome to a tale of life and death to pain and misery where the only good thing to happen to you is /spoiler getting to see that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ olef who killed my best character out of nowhere die.the banner saga is a gritty and unforgiving game that will try to hurt you. but it's a game about survival, about fighting for your freedom to live another daywelcome to the saga, the banner saga"
76561198032465469,Recommended,237990,8889057,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,nckeo,"Nice game albeit short, wished it to be longer, and ending seem to imply a possible sequel (or DLC). Egil, poor Egil, you died too easily..."
76561198001151481,Recommended,237990,8749935,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,CX,"Gorgeous, thoughtful, and engaging.I'm really impressed with this game. The animation, set pieces, and effects are beautiful. They do their part to sweep me into the game world. The story bounces you between a number of characters, giving you pieces of plot a bit at a time, forcing you to play more to get more information. Combat is turn based and can get pretty intense at times. The mechanics are simple but, like chess, they complicate rapidly as a battle carries on.I intend to play this two or three more times to figure out the pieces that I lost/gained in different in-game choices.A rare game."
76561198008194801,Recommended,237990,8750274,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Dayman,awesome
76561197997010761,Recommended,237990,8750756,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The_Lonely_Phox,"Turn based combat game with tons of choices that affect the game and lives of your characters.  Something you did at the start may/will affect the later parts of the game.Its a decetly long game, full of tough choices.  Also you can play the game a few times and see the many different things what change.Combat is simple, regardless of what you may read.Tips:Play it on normal, Easy insults your intelligence.Armor break and Armor break items.....get themDO NOT SPOIL YOURSELF WITH WALKTHOUGHS.  That literally makes this game pointless to play."
,Recommended,237990,8750978,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Galis Cooper,"There are no words to describe the beauty of this game!Engaging, deep and wonderfully drawn it's one of the best games I've ever played, and I'm an old gamer from the spectrum ZX and Atari days.Finally a game that really engages your brain, and keeps you hooked on the wonderful storyJust sink in and enjoy!Only quibbles- We need more varied enemies- More options when promotingHopefully they'll make these changes for the sequel!"
76561198027817629,Recommended,237990,8751758,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Treemanguy,"While this game is very enjoyable anyone thinking about buying this game should be aware of a major drawback. This game is only chapter one of the ""saga,"" a fact that seems to be missing from the store page, furthermore it has been called into question whether or not anymore chapters will even be released. While I would still recomend this game, only purchase it if you are fine with a possibly incomplete story."
76561198010802322,Recommended,237990,8751786,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Garius,"This game is brilliant, damn thing bought me to tears at the end"
76561198002672444,Not Recommended,237990,8794813,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Javolenus,"It's over-priced. It's boring -- long and frequent loading screens, static dialogue screens, endless watching a caravan move from one end of the screen to the other. The combat is on a bare grid, against usually the same enemies -- after the first few fights you'll be sick of them. The story is unfinished. The choices are either the same choice worded in different ways or too random to matter. It's not really about Vikings -- at best it has a Scandinavian ""vibe"" (names, art style, and some voice-acting). I feel like I was cheated and the game was not marketed accurately. The visuals and music are good -- maybe that explains how it got  a high rating within minutes of relase?"
,Recommended,237990,8797596,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,South Bend Shovel Slayer,"The Banner saga sits somewhere between Fire Emblem and Oregon Trail, Gameplay is simple yet interesting, meaningful punishing.  The beautiful artwork is a nice change of pace from what is often seen in the industry today, and though the story doesn’t do anything too major, does manage to grip the player’s interest.The map is a beautiful addition, but has no real use beyond offering the player an overwhelming amount of lore and otherwise useless information.  While I admire the attention to detail, a few more random encounters on the road or hard to obtain characters would have been a better use of development time.The Banner Saga is an enjoyable and unpretentious game that was obviously crafted with love.  As a fan of tactics style games I highly enjoy it.  This game is for you if you long for more Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire Emblem, Disgaea and games of that nature.  Though there are times you will need to quickly accept and cope with disappointment as a result of a conversation tree, there will be many times additional supplies and new Varl friends will make you heave a sigh of relief.Play this game"
76561198121105399,Recommended,237990,8797757,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,djw720,"What a game! This game had me on the edge of my seat the entire play through. At points I was absolutely breathless with what had happened to the characters, to the point that I thought, ""if I just reload, I can do things differently."" But then, before I went through with a reload, the game continued and I couldn't imagine changing anything!! It all felt so rich.It was beautifuly done. I cannot wait for the next game in this saga."
76561198007883096,Recommended,237990,8798277,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,nikon68,"An amazing title, the visuals are stunning and overall the game is entrancing! The combination of the storytelling with the artistic backdrops and the anticipation of 'what will happen next?' on your journey make this a truly Epic Gem!"
76561198116410748,Recommended,237990,8799141,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mendigo Bob,"Great game for strategy rpg board-like fans! Rich universe with nice characters and an awesome adventure telling proccess in which your choices changes yours journey, making it a different game for each player. Not to mention the art behind it, fantastic and beautifull visuals and music."
76561197980010878,Recommended,237990,8799321,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Regret and Redemption,"A great Indie title - there is alot of heart put into this game, from the hand-drawn animations to the ridiculous amount of branching scenerios (based on set AND random choices (if a event occurs while travelling etc).Combat gameplay is frustrating but satisfing on Normal and Hard, though abit repetitive at times.Music and atmosphere is superb - and the lore is thoroughly thought out.And the dialouge is more or less painless to read; I may be picky but abit more depth to the characters and script woulden't have killed the writer. ( But as a rare person in todays world, i actually enjoying reading) Longer scenes with more writing would have been preferable - take the MC's perspective, and give him perceivable thoughts and feelings as if you were reading it from his perspective - not just as a third party watching two people talk.setting that aside, having alot of fun with this one - when i'm not cursing it for bad choices i make, lol."
,Recommended,237990,8799418,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,[GWJ] troubleshot,"Great art style, compelling story and addictive turn based strategy. Highly reccomended for fans of XCOM, Mount & Blade and FTL, its a curious mix of elements of all three."
76561198045133849,Recommended,237990,8800798,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,I recommend only if you enjoy reading novels.+ dat art+ dat story+ dat map+ dat difficulty- dat unresolved story- dat difficulty spike in the very end
,Recommended,237990,8785309,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,jmdfoto,The Banner Saga's beautiful hand-drawn animation and combat  is a welcome relief to a gaming industry that is full of fast-paced and realistic scenarios.  The game keeps you on your guarad because your decision might have future ramifications.  It does have some UI quirks like when the tiles are covered by the characters which makes long range attacks a bit difficult.  Overall the it is an epic story of hope and survival.read my full review athttp://www.selectbutton.com/review/banner-saga-review/
76561198078618912,Recommended,237990,8765105,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Pr1celess,"Since the release of Banner saga has been written a lot of good reviews , so I will not repeat the words of professional reviewers, and will highlight only the main features of the game .First, absolutely stunning atmospherics : perfect 2D cartoon-like art design, authentic soundtrack with tambourines and singing, harsh and tough world of the north - a struggle not only with the opponent, but also with a hunger. Also I want to note the good storyline, which immerse me into the fairy tale after the first 15 minutes and I am fully empathized to heroes, who leave they native village.Second, no matter what, this is a serious tactical game. A large number of classes, each of which may be useful in special situations . Some abilities can be used not only in one way . For example, at one time, I peeped in multiplayer that shield bash can not just push the enemy, but also throw in the midst of the archers of his ally , such as giant with circular attack. Sometimes it becomes irrecoverable loss for the opponent.Third, it's an RPG-elements. In addition to the standard opportunity to level up each character and possibility to give them some artifacts in the game there are branching dialogue. Hard choice always lie on your shoulders. And if losing fighter on the battlefield he gets to the hospital, where after a few days of play he recovers and returns to the squad, if you lose fighter in a result of an unfortunate choice in the dialog, you lose it forever. With all his levels and artifacts. This is especially noticeable, considering how much effort you have spent on it pumping.Banner Saga will become a really nice gift for fans of stylish atmospheric games and turn-based strategy.С момента релиза о Баннер Саге написано уже много лестных отзывов, поэтому не буду повторять слова профессиональных рецензентов, а выделю лишь главные особенности игры.Во-первых, совершенно потрясающаяся атмосферность: прекрасное художественное 2D оформление в стилистике мультфильмов, аутентичный саундтрек с бубнами и пением, суровый и жесткой мир севера - борьба не только с соперником, но еще и с голодом. К этому же я хочу добавить хороший сюжет, который лично меня после первых 15 минут полностью перенес в мир сказки и оставшийся вечер я сопереживал покинувшим родную деревню героям.Во-вторых, не смотря ни на что, это серьезная тактическая игра. Большое количество классов, каждый из которых может пригодится в особенной ситуации. Некоторые способности можно использовать не только прямолинейно. Например, в свое время, я подглядел в мультиплеере, что ударом щитом можно не только отбросить противника, но и подбросить в гущу лучников своего союзника, например гиганта с круговой атакой. Подчас это становится невосполнимой потерей для оппонента.В-третьих, это РПГ-элементы. Помимо стандартной прокачки каждого персонажа и возможности снабдить его каким-нибудь артефактом в игре присутствуют разветвленные диалоги. Тяжкий выбор всегда ложиться на ваши плечи. И если потеряв бойца на поле боя он попадает в лазарет, где через несколько игровых дней он восстанавливается и возвращается в отряд, то потеряв бойца по неудачному выбору в диалоге вы теряете его навсегда. Вместе со всеми его уровнями и артефактами. Это особенно ощутимо, учитывая сколько сил вы потратили на его прокачку.Баннер Сага станет настоящим подарком для любителей стильных атмосферных игр и поклонников пошаговых стратегий."
76561197992649745,Recommended,237990,8786519,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Lyno,"Fans of tactical RPGs in need of a good story, look no further. The original settings is quite refreshing even though it doesn't stray too far from the ""sword/bow/magic"" mindset.I won't go into the gameplay finer details, as there are numerous reviews explaining them. I would prefer to emphasize the fact that decisions in this game ( and there are many of them ) will greatly influence the story, and I encourage you not to reload in order to feel the full weight of what you chose.It is supposed to be part of a trilogy, and by buying this game you will encourage the developpers to see their project to full completion. There is a bit of an abrupt ending here, and it would be a shame not to see the story of those heroes you will come to care for end like this.I really recommend this game to people that loved games like FF Tactics, Tactics Ogre, Front Mission or even X-COM."
76561197971730122,Recommended,237990,8787076,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,jaremi76,"Overall it was a good game.  Very nice to look at and unique art style.  The turn based combat was nice.  It had a nice story.  Wish there was a bit more action, felt more like i was reading a book than playing a game.  My gripes would be that it wasn't that long of a game.  There weren't enough battles to level up your characters.  There were very few enemy types to fight.  I think you could control more characters yourself than there were actual varieties in enemy types.  Still worth checking out though."
76561198057761224,Recommended,237990,8787161,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,OnceWasAlex,Amazing game would recommend to anyone who loves RPG or even myths! 10/10
76561197978867242,Recommended,237990,8787812,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,MilesMk1,"I can't help but have the same problem with a lot of these small team / indie games - I like that they're trying something new, and might love the game system they've created, or the world they've built, but wish they'd done more with it, giving me as much gameplay, story, etc. as a big-studio title. (Which I realize is a lot to ask, unfair, self-contradictory...)Anyway, I absolutely love the art (I always keep on going on about how it's the art direction, not the poly count that really make the difference, and it's nice to be proven right once in a while) and enjoy the combat and the story, but can't help but wish there was more of an RPG there - as it is, it's more like an extremely beautiful ""choose your own adventure"" book with fun turn based combat interludes. I would absolutely recommend it, but some aspects of it leave me hugely frustrated."
76561198005356523,Recommended,237990,9083403,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Laserganz,"This Game is what every RPG and Strategy Fan has been waiting for.Either if you are in for challenging round based strategy battles, an epic Saga with a story that treats you like an adult (letting you do your own guessing and reasoning and not playing Captain Story-Obvious all the time) or just into norse mythology and art -> the Banner Saga is a must have!The old gods chose the stoic team to lead them into glorious battle against stupid casual games - and they fought vigorously holding up a strong front line.I hope more developers, and of course gamers, are going to follow in that wake!So skaal & big thanks from Berlin to the Stoic Team, Austin Wintory and all the supporters who made that game possible!I'll do my part and get everyone I know to buy this one - if needed by help of axe&shield, allthough this isn't necesarry at all xDCrush some Candy-Kings you awesome stoic Vikings!"
,Recommended,237990,9084442,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,jt.martin,The incredible art style combined with a unique combat system and story driven campaign makes for a remarkable experience. I paid full price and do not regret missing the early bird discount one bit. The soundtrack is also well worth the extra cash.
76561198075381686,Recommended,237990,9086992,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Stair,One of the most beautiful and emotional gaming experiences I have had in years. 10/10
76561198025154521,Recommended,237990,9087414,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,grufftuffson,"The Banner Saga, one of the best games I've ever played. It's like Oragon Trail for adults with all the Norse themes I admire in games. The art style blows me away every time I play, reminding me of some action-animated films from the late 70s early 80s, but much higher quality. I devloped feelings for certain characters and began getting worried when things began to look bleek, emotional attachment to fictional characters... fantastic writing."
76561198101884431,Recommended,237990,9088032,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Neon GOD,"The Banner Saga is a very special round-based role play strategy game mixed with political campaign and decision making. For a guy like me who have not played much round-based rpg game, this game really suprised me.The artwork is definitely an eye opener, the music could not be more epic,  The game has a sort of Viking legendary story background, if you like northen European mythology you probably gona love this game. The combat mode does remind me of Hero of Might and Magic, and the difficulty of the game is very fexiable, by what I mean as a player you can change the dificulty before every battle. The hard mode is very satisfising. Btw,The decision you make in the game will affect the game. This is an awesome game."
76561198070972833,Recommended,237990,9159694,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Grave Jester,"To say this game is amazing is an understatement. Banner saga is punishing and unforgiving in both combat and choices you make through out the journey. The game is a mix between managing a carvan (people, supplies, morale and difficult choices) and grid tactical combat. The games enviroment aswell as the story kept me very engaged and attached to the characters, each choice i made brought me closer to them and made it that much harder to decide how to proceed through events. The combat is very deep and nothing feels more satisfying than surviving an encounter while your enemy lays there in pieces. The game is much like dark souls in terms of char. progression... your form of currency is renown which is either used to buy important supplies and food for your army to live and be free from sickness or used to upgrade your hero oh and you can use it to buy better items for your heros, choosing which to spend it on is never easy. All in all this game has a deep combat system, an engaging viking/human struggle story to tell and a nasty difficulty which will have you come back again and again A++"
76561198093421839,Recommended,237990,8825288,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,themiths35,"This game is dope. A compelling story, with characters who will always leave you guessing. Also an excellent art sty;e that draws you into the game. 9/10"
,Recommended,237990,8825593,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,[GWJ] MrWynd,It's only January of 2014 but I think this will be my RPG of the year. I loved the storytelling and the difficult choices in the dialogue. I wish the story was longer but I was getting tired of the tactical combat by the end.
76561198066059526,Recommended,237990,8825832,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pris,Among the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,237990,8825849,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Lord Cooley,This game is super awsome fun. Every choise you make seems to impact the story in some way or another. Worth every penny havent played a game this enjoyable in while. a must play for 2014.
,Recommended,237990,8826511,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,its me your boy bug,best game of 2014 goty viking oregen trail with good combat art so pretty plz gief more
76561198063542569,Recommended,237990,9097219,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Zanfoj,"A great Norse-inspired epic of a journey from a lost home. Great stuff in all respects, but take it slowly, like reading a book. Do maybe a chapter or two a day, and it'll take you about three days, and it's best that way. It's not a long story, so savour it while you can."
76561198023550078,Recommended,237990,9097296,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BadatThis,solid tactics game meets old school Oregon trail. this game is amazing... that is all
76561198007091674,Recommended,237990,9098061,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Tolaron,"An excellent turn-based RPG with mild survival-horror elements (scarce-resources, strange almost alien antagonists, eerie apocalyptic events). A game presented with an almost storybook quality through the art and setting, yet simultaneously mature in content. It's like reading myth and fairy tale before it's dressed up to be kid friendly."
,Recommended,237990,9099860,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,heaven.spawn,"It's X-Comm meets Disney meets A Song of Ice and Fire. Banner Saga combines beautiful art and music with an intelligent story and a fun turn-based strategy game into a unique blend.  If any of the parts I mentioned appeals, you only know a fraction of the experience, as these parts add up to something very refreshing."
,Recommended,237990,8893010,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Cloakedninjas,"Would recommend, but only just.While it's a beautiful game for your eyes and ears, it could use a little bit more love to make it truly great. It's a story-heavy game, now this isn't a bad thing in its own right, however the occasional voiced dialog makes me think they planned to include more but ran out of time or money. So you're left with reading and clicking through chunks of smalls paragraphs. Throw that in with Norse mythology and plenty of names, I was left forgetting who was whom, which place I was going to and feeling a bit lost.One other gripe I have with Banner Saga - they're quite frivolous with their characters, so you have to choose the correct dialog path to not lose someone you like (or have invested Reknown into. Reknown being the currency to purchase items and character experience) - I've lost two characters in my 10~ hours playtime due to clicking a fairly innocuous dialog option ending up backfiring in my face. I feel like I should be Googling each option to ensure the least destructive path - not something I want to have to do...Buy the game though - but beware, it's a little rough around the edges."
76561197990686216,Recommended,237990,8894536,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,lemurs2,"This is nearly as immersive as Kings of Dragon Pass, and i love this game, the renown system notwithstanding.It is not a fast paced action game though, so if you do not care about immersion and story this may not be for you."
,Recommended,237990,8894559,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Pertilious,"Good but could be great!It’s a rather reluctant recommendation this time; I had very high expectations for this game I would say I was looking for a more accessible fire emblem. What I got was a very good game that doesn't quite match up to that quality or nostalgia. The difference in this game and that of the fire emblem series is that of course there are different mechanics like the armour feature and more passive orientated items but that isn't the issue, it's more that this game will lead you to a false sense of security with party members such that if they go to 0 hp in a fight they don't die but at the same time decisions that you make in the game can result in you losing party members for good which I found frustrating since there is one type of currency for levelling up and buying items and buying supplies for your force so if you want to level up your fighters then you may starve out your army and certain party members that you level up may just randomly die from one of your choices.Another thing is that certain party members that you get early and don't necessarily have to pick to fight or level up can make the last fight very hard if you haven't levelled them up and also your forces can attack each other with spells and abilities which to me seems a bit harsh. That being said the game does a lot right and some of the goodness of a grid turned based RPG can be seen in this game I enjoyed the majority of the play through but I’m unsure whether I will be playing it through a second time that being said i still played 13 hours so far and did complete the game, I’d say i enjoyed it but it could have been better towards the simple minded brawler lovers such as myself.TL;DR: Good mechanics but won’t fill the same hole of a fire emblem lover such as myself."
76561198108373899,Recommended,237990,8895128,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,CaptSpiral,"Love this game. If you enjoy old Norse folklore, you will probably enjoy this game."
76561198005572217,Recommended,237990,8895248,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lazereye57,"One of the most amazing game i have played in the last couple of year's.Though it is minimal voice acting and all conversation is in text, there is some great character development and personality to almost every Hero.You also need to decide if it is best to spend your resources on training your hero's or spend them on supplies so your people don't starve. Which i think is an awesome mechanic.Not to mention that you feel that almost even the smallest decision can make a diffrence for better or worse."
76561198022605367,Recommended,237990,8895781,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,foxtale,"Really amazed by the writing, here.You have to give it time and be patient though... a lot of names to learn and faces to remember^^ Might not be everybodys cup of tea."
76561197982544990,Recommended,237990,8896093,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Fooboy81,"Wow! What an amazing game.  What starts off slow becomes a full blown journey with many tough choices ahead. The story compels you to push a head futher with the hope of some form of good news.  I've seen complaints from other players that this game is too gloomy.  I think the darkness adds to it.  It is like the Lord of the Rings. There were many points where everything seemed lost, but even in tragedy there was a glimmer of hope and the need to push on.  The music for this game is top notch.  I haven't head anything this beautiful in a very long time.  The combat is relatively basic compared to other strategies, but its sufficient.  I wish there were more options and character interactions when camped, but for a game that was funded through a kick starter bravo!  At the games completion it is obvious there is more to come.  I'm looking forward to future titles and hope they listen to some of the fan feed back.  All in all though guys, if you enjoy a good story and making tough decisions this is a game worth investing in."
76561198003801741,Recommended,237990,8896329,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,call_of_lunacy,"Truly an amazing title, I strongly recomend people give this game a try. The story is intricate and while the path is linear, some things as far as what characters join you, which ones live or die to the end of the game are affected by your choices. It has depth of character emotion, and while it could use some voice acting, and some more variety in the enemies you fight, it is geniunely good.Like a cross between Oregon trail and Final Fantasy Tactics, with Vikings."
,Recommended,237990,8896521,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Ipsen,Amazing art coupled with great storytelling. Tactical gameplay reminiscent of XCOM.
,Recommended,237990,8896693,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Casu Consulto,"The story is decent, the battles are fairly challenging, and the music and art are BEAUTIFUL.  Well worth it."
76561198058854223,Recommended,237990,8896741,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Matt,"This game was amazing, It was fresh and something new, and the storyline just great."
76561197999030476,Recommended,237990,8893543,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lord Inquisitor Boris Urinof,"Suprisingly...and rather easily enough to get addicted to this...Beautiful art..and nice gameplayThe story is a rather interesting tapestry all its own, leaving room for it to be expanded onto and the saga to be continued as it was probably meant to be.The various choices...the suddeness of it all...swiftly a companion could be lost...how swiftly you realize you are running out of food.....how .unsettling it can be when see you the numbers of your clansmen dieing...from various events.It had a tendacy to unsettle me...and make actually try my best to keep these poor sods alive...All i can say is. I am looking forward to a continuation."
76561197970663793,Recommended,237990,8896994,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tau,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,237990,8897056,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Beta Decay Penguin,"Fire Emblem meets Oregon Trail, in the best way possible.  If that doesn't pique your interest, Vikings and wonderful music should.  At first I thought it started a bit slow, and then next thing I knew, I'd played it start to finish and it was 6 AM.Get it.  It's worth it."
76561198061188058,Recommended,237990,8897140,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,servus_domini,"This is one of the best games I've ever played.  The storyline is aluring and ultimately, captivating.  The mood and theme of the game hits the mark.  The game play is reminiscent of Final Fantasy Tactics for Playstation (1); but it is far superior."
76561197988482086,Recommended,237990,8897729,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Nedumaran,"A gorgeous game with striking visuals lovingly drawn and made life. A nice soundtrack that complements the graphic design.As an RPG fan, there are many elements to LIKE:A large selection of characters to choose from for a party of up to six, interesting mix of skills, ""old-fashioned"" turn-based combat where tactics can give victory or spell doom, likeable characters, choices to make...OTOH:The dialogue-writing and story-telling could have used more professional writing and editing. The character growth, items to wear, choices to be made are SEVERELY limited and FEW in number. Battles are interesting, but rarely a challenge.The lack of magic in battles fits the tale, but some players may miss it.I understand the saga will continue, but the episode was too short for me and ended rather abruptly.Wished I liked it more, but still a thumbs up."
76561198052620591,Recommended,237990,13957681,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JooJoo,Nice artwork & fiction
76561198023367927,Recommended,237990,14083663,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,aries-rising,"Game has a great story, amazing art style and fun gameplay my only complaint is that it can be beaten in less than a day :(. Its really fun game and you feel invested in most of the maincast particularly the humans as a few of them are explored in much greater depth. However again really disapointed in how short this game is, however it is really high quality and definately worth a playthrough - but don't expect to play it for more than a few days on even the hardest difficulty. I bought it full price but I suggest wait for a sale at least 50% off as you will likely only get 5-10 hrs out of this game. looking forward to a sequel that is perhaps 10x as long story wise. - Great game XD"
,Recommended,237990,14071941,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TLEx.Rex133,"A game that feels like it is a lot more than it is, which is of course a bad thing, but it's a good game none the less. The art style is wonderful, the lore of the world is a brilliant parallel to Nordic mythology, but sadly, for all the choices the game gives you, it's still very linear, which is very fine for the first playthrough, but outside of making your life easier on successive plays, or unlocking achievements, it doesn't really warrant extra playthroughs in my book.Now, don't get me wrong, I absolutely love character based stories, and this game features several interesting and diverse characters, set in a seemingly rich world of vikings, varls, dredge, and ancient history. I say seemingly, because this first installment is too short to give you an actual view of the world as a whole, but rather, you get glimpses into the mythology of the world, and the local settlements. Of course, this is meant as a series, so I am sure much more of this world will be revealed in the subsequent games, so don't take that as too much of a criticism.Graphics wise, the game is quite a thing of beauty, and the style is very deliberately ""raw"". The handdrawn landscapes are marvelous, and the game's artstyle was something I personally fell in love with. Even the animations are top notch quality, and there seems to be weight in the sprites as they get hit and move around.Gameplay is kind of retro, but in the good way. Think Fire Emblem, Shining Force, etc, turn based, grid combat. It's well balanced, and in my playthrough, even the most hopeless battle was winnable, hard fought as though it may have been. There are some unique mechanics, such as how health, damage and armor is calculated, adjecency effects, as well as abilities that lets you manipulate the position of the enemy characters, and much more.And the music/sound? I wish I could've gone into some greater detail with it, but it's been a long time since I played this, and I recall it being good."
76561198174618246,Recommended,237990,14072126,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Leonic,"Good Story. Combat is a little wonky and takes a little bit to get used to but once you do its fun. Be warned though: Tough game. You'll lose Characters you wern't expecting to die based on your choices, and near the end you'll most likely become ruthless to everyone you meet. Overall 8/10."
76561198023127399,Recommended,237990,14072367,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Maiden_jr,9/10
,Recommended,237990,14151762,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Baby Legs,"Normally I'm not one for turn based games, but this game really captivated me. Great visuals, and it's enjoyable that decisions can come back to haunt you. Only complaint is the lack of voice acting, especially considering the mountains of text you read. If the visuals are something you think you might like don't hesitate on this game."
76561198005477736,Recommended,237990,14134028,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,KiwiCD,"Reccommended? Maybe - really nice design and art style, good concepts but quite poorly executed. Some fundamental control and camera issues and decisions made early on can result in a very difficult time towards the end of the game (inability to level up or get perks). Hope they do better next time around...."
,Recommended,237990,14138393,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Beautiful artwork, the music is awesome, story is amazing and I love turn based RPG's.Micro-management on caravans are very linear and don't really affect the outcome and you can't really choose your pathing, but it might be like Mass Effect where the supply count and etc. are included into the second game? I couldn't really find purpose in keeping caravan members alive or not, only that the main team stayed alive is what seemed important.Combat system was pretty interesting, there aren't much rewards for killing enemies in turn since a different enemy takes that iniative slot so there wasn't much strategy required or feeling of accomplishments for thinking about what turn to kill what enemy. Eventually the combat became repetitive due to this and limited diversity in enemies you fought.I loved the game though and would recommend it despite the flaws."
76561198128950336,Recommended,237990,14023183,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ShrubLord,+Art+Challenging-Story is kinda meh
,Recommended,237990,9980883,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Quibber123,"The gameplay is similar to fire emblem if instead of knights, mages, and wyverns it was large half-man half-beast human type things with horns, knights, and heavily armored stone enemy things. Also vikings. Think chess mixed with a western rpg for a good comparison. It's a turn by turn strategy game that is a lot deeper than it may look at the start. Each class has a special ability and every character can be leveled up, but leveling up requires the use of your ""renown"" which is limited and, depending on how you play, can easily be depleted as that same resource is used to buy items and food for your journey. The battles have a very interesting armor vs strength mechanic that is great to play with. Essentially you have health and strength represented by the same stat and armor represented by another. You can choose to weaken the armor so you can do more damage or attempt to go straight for the health. This adds a very unique dynamic to the battles that I never had experienced before.The story, which is a ""choices-matter (but not really)"" type game, starts out rather small like many games do. You start out on a simple escort type mission. Playing as a Varl (the half-man half-beast giant things) you are escorting the prince of men on a trip back to the human capital, but along the way there something happens and the story expands from there eventually ending with a ""fate-of-the-world"" story. It is very reminiscent of Bio-ware games or RPG's in general as that's what they're known for. The majority of the game takes place in battles while the second largest part will be eaten up by waiting for your caravan to reach a marker or town. Along the way there you will get random encounters with story and decision that directly effect your caravan and what happens down the line too. These decisions may not effect the main story at all but seeing little sub-stories unfold based off my decisions was a really good feeling and reminded me a lot of dragon age: origins (one of the best games ever I might add but that's a different discussion.)The art and animation for this game is absolutely beautiful and literally bleeds the emotion and feeling put into the making of it. Overall the game is great. The combat takes some getting used to and the fights can be unbalanced but adapting and learning is part of the fun. If you have the money to spare get this game! You won't regret it"
,Recommended,237990,13535651,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KungFooZombie,"I just finished the game and, really, wow...Play this if:You lovetough as nails choices(like in Telltale'sWalking Dead, where you often have to choose the lesser of two evils)You love aruthless story(kinda likeGame of Thrones, where no character is safe and anything can happen)You enjoy art styles that remind you ofclassic animatedmovies in the style ofDragon's LairorTitan A.EYou want to experience beingresponsible for managing a large group of refugeesinterspersed withturn-based combatDon't play this if:You want to experience a complete story. This will be part of a trilogy of games and this first game therefore leavesmuch to be resolvedwhen you see the end credits roll by.You don't want to invest in (new) lore. There arelots of characters, locations and other things to take inwith names thataren't the easiest to discernand remember.If you want a long game (finished it in around twelve hours) and want to play it over and over. There are some different choices to be made, but this isn't an RTS or sim game that lets you build, manage and conquer, and try out completely different approaches. It's very story-driven (which is good!), but itlowers replayabiltyMinor issues:There are some small things like typos in descriptions and annoying on-screen clutter (when characters are close to each other, it's hard to see and select the right one and also speech balloons can obscure characters) and status bars of enemies are similar to those of the player's characters, which, when all visible, can be a bit chaotic.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bottom line: definitely worth playing! Theart style (along with the music) will draw you into an enthralling story. The game really succeeds in giving the playeremotional feedback from his managerial choices. You really feelresponsible for your caravanand with acontinous feeling of dread and despairthe choices wil often make you scratch your head.To counterlow replayabilityand shortplay time, maybe wait for a discount, though."
76561198033834118,Recommended,237990,13298235,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,burrek,"Overall: An interactive book with beatiful artwork & challenging combat. Any fan of turn based, story driven RPGs should give this a go.The Good:The dialogs are excellent. The choices seem meaningful. Love the characters. Combat is fun. Mechanics are simple, but hard to master. The artwork is breathtaking and oft times I ended up just staring at the snow falling over the hand drawn landscapes.The Bad:The plot is not as good as I expected, there are not enough twists or originality. Too many repetitive battles without a real purpose. Some random events lack punch without as the lack any graphics and/or broader text descriptions.The Ugly:Itsssss sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo slow."
,Recommended,237990,13443881,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Strategyking,"Deep, tactical turn based combat, beautiful art style, and decisions that will kick you in the gut, especially the ones in the second half of the game. Ugh."
76561198035332323,Recommended,237990,13594440,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,zmpeccadillo,"Visually, this is a gorgeous game. The artwork is top-notch, and integrates with the gameplay and display in a way that feels very unique and organic.The battle system is interesting, I quite like strategy rpgs so I enjoyed it. I did think I could have done with a few more battles, and a bit more meat to the game. But there is the possibilty of training if you just want to play around with the characters.I liked the mythologic immense feeling to the story juxtaposed with the simple mundane and harsh realities of trying to survive. The mood is almost constantly heavy and relentless - if you want a game where you triumph against all odds this is not that game. As for me, I found the characters likeable enough that I wanted to see them through it, no matter how dire things got.Overall I think some bits of it are rough around the edges, hopefully improved or expanded on in later sequels, but still a really good game."
76561198069894224,Recommended,237990,13580247,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,km_md60,"Banner saga is the first part of a trilogy. The game itself is turn-based strategy with an unfamiliar turning mechanic and rather bland battlefield.The story involves the end of the world, the pantheon of dead gods, giants, men, and a race of stone golem called Dredge. It's surprisingly rich, deep, tragic, and captivating story. You will have to make hard choices, your men will die, and your family and friends will see the calamity that will change the north forever.However, the turn-based design is a bit bland. Sure, the AI evolves and add more units over time and battle can take plac when you are not ready. It's the stage design that really dumb things down. Basically you have just one type of map, a plain old board with no obstacle, no destructible enviroment whatsover. You will see some background change depends on where the fight is taking place but that's pretty much all the game has to offer. (well, to be perfectly clear, you have one unique map with a few obstacles. I have no idea why developer didn't add more).The game compensates mentioned flaw with Varl units, big giants that take 4 spaces on the board. They serve as tanks and obstacle for both player and AI alike. You will grow fond of them soon since they are the only thing that stand between your range units and horde of Dredge that can one shot them with a swing of an axe.TheRPG element exists in term of character customization which is quie limited. You get to assign two point of attribute for each levelup and you get just 5 level to max plus one slot for artifact. Too little for my taste.Pro:    Great story with choices that will be carried over to the next game. Great artwork. Good character design.Cons:  Bland board design. Limited customization.Do I like it? Yes.7.5/10"
76561198034675361,Recommended,237990,16858487,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,IzzyGood,Amazing story/world/art/music. Hopefully we see more in the future
76561198059477537,Recommended,237990,16226147,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Butterfree,A cool and artistic turn based strategy game. 8/10
,Recommended,237990,16284031,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,AHA BAM ITS RABBIT,it goood
76561198020664391,Recommended,237990,16288681,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,we_serve_fudd,"Excellent game. Loved everything about it, sound/music, graphics, story, interaction, fight mechanics... BUT too short. There was a massive map that was barely utilised.Still recommend it just wish there was more. Just as I was developing a love of a certain charater/team the game ended.Was still a wonderful immersive story"
,Recommended,237990,16272063,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MetalVarangian,"Beautiful game. Exactly what I want to see in video games. Tons of art and cultural inspiration, good story. Great voice acting. Excellent soundtrack, and it is an engaging and challenging Tactics game. Simply amazing."
,Recommended,237990,16774537,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,grimwald,"Immersive, immensely beautiful. On my top 5 games."
,Not Recommended,237990,16833786,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,aslaner,"This is really nice atmospheric game with drawings, background songs and battle system. However, gameplay is not fluency because dialogs are too long and not voice supporting. In addition to village interface is taking too much time and ain't funny. So if you love art-film or want to improve your english with the lengthy dialogues, you should buy this game:)"
,Recommended,237990,16478943,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dankenstein,"There are a few things that need to be said about this game:1) Georgous art.2) Fantastic story.3) The plot is not long enough for the combat nor traveling to get repetitive.4) The player does not choose their destination but chooses the speed at which they march.5) Turn-based combat that people who do not enjoy turn-based combat can enjoy.6) You make heavy decisions.7) Many people die and some lose their limbs.8) I cried.To give you the short of it, this is a high fantasy novel written by George R.R. Martin, J.R.R. Tolkien, and Robert Jordan (mostly by Tolkien and Jordan) and turned into a game.Not convinced you should buy it yet?Theres a second game coming out and it will continue the story of the first and I can only imagine that it will become better than the stories of, lets say, Metal Gear Solid, Resident Evil, Final Fantasy, or just about any game with one or more sequals.You get to play three different main characters (one of them is the true main character in this game) and they all comverge into one big climax with a most saddening and satisfying conclusion.I want to personally thank the developers for allowing me the oportunity to buy and play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,237990,16480264,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr.Coelomate,"Nice game, just no replay value (in my opinion).Felt it was cut short tho. The game could of been a lot longer, there are many unanswered questions remaining to the story line.In short, a nice game to play when you buy it on sale and just want to binge on a video game over the weekend."
,Recommended,237990,16483268,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,1ArkAlpha,"This was one of the most beautiful games I have ever had the pleasure of playing, possibly even one of my favorite games for the PC. The only problem I had with the game was the length and ending. It was a pretty short game, only a few hours, and the ending was really abrupt. Apart from that, I love this game and definitely reccomend it!!"
,Recommended,237990,16483400,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kazuya Suzuki,Totally not just reviewing this game for the pillar of community badge.
,Recommended,237990,16483598,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hacra,"A breath of fresh air in the dull and steady stream of contentless crap which seem to pour out from every game company these days, if you enjoy a good story, great graphics (art), thought provoking decision making, i'd believe this is the game for you.Well worth the money invested, very entertained so far."
76561198114367125,Recommended,237990,16485071,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gabranth,one of the best crafted video games that i will ever play....Can't wait for another part of this amazing game :)
,Recommended,237990,16492066,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cypress,"Liking the Viking theme in everything; weapons, banners, beards, hairstyles, etc. .The combat is similar to X-com or Fire emblem, which is cool. Characters have unique abilities, like knock-back or trap-laying. You are given choices (ie. to help this person or not) which  I believe may influence later events, but I'm not 100% that's the case."
,Recommended,237990,16521065,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chloe Price,Wow. This game had me on the edge. Tears and mead powered me through this. Absolutely stunning. I haven't cried this much since episode 6 of S3 of Vikings. The combat had me a bit overwhelmed so I put it on easy and that let me nejoy the game to the fullest. Simply incredible. Skål.
,Recommended,237990,16527333,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"Hands down one of the best games I have played in a long time. Hard to stream, but super fun. It has a niche of course, but if you like a great story, chess like combat, and amazing art style, oh and amazing games, this one is a must buy!!"
76561198010541291,Recommended,237990,16533110,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Hammerdin,"Just beat this game and honestly I am extremely impressed and can not wait to play the sequel once its released.Buy this game. The story and art style are the two biggest selling points. The art and music is absolutely breath taking and the story is EXTREMELY well written although a bit short. Although for the $5 I spent I feel like a I got my money's worth and then more. The combat isn't as complex as some other peer games of the same genre but it is stream-lined and fun enough to make you want to keep playing to find out what happens next.The atmosphere is great, and the dialogue and movement of the caravan gives you a very ominous and paranoid feeling throughout the game. Although the monsters (called Dredge) you fight aren't the scariest looking monsters in the world, the way they stalk you and the general mood of the game makes it very eery.I kept this review shorter than I like to, but I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone thinking of buying it during a steam summer sale. For the full price of $20 however, I believe feeling you got your money's worth is going to be hit or miss for some people. If I spent $20 on this game rather than $5, I would be a little unsatisfied with the length of the story. Luckily this game has some very high replayability, so I am positive I will replay it to see how other decisions effect the game.If this game is on sale, there really is no reason to buy it. Its a great game"
,Recommended,237990,16545728,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Warbond,"It's like a mix between... Final Fantasy Tactics, Oregon Trail, and Mass Effect. FF:T for the battles, Oregon Trail for supply management and supply-affecting decisions, and Mass Effect for the scope and morality/character-changing decisions. Worth playing."
,Recommended,237990,16454304,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Anders,"rarely do I review games on steam, but it's such a gem I had to come here and spread some love.Art style: 11/10. absolutely stunning. inspired by Eyvind Earle's work (another thing to check out and see for some illustration beauty).Music: 10/10. Game's soundtrack is worth being aknowledged on its own, but more importantly - it fits the story, creates an incredible atmosphere and stays with you once you've finished the game for a while.Animation: I will withhold grading it, as there is none during dialogues even though it's a story driven game. I didn't mind it, I actually came to enjoy it more than if it would be otherwise. animations during the fights are neat and look appealing, so you shouldn't be disappointed.for some technical info: it takes about 10 hours, it's a turn based strategy/rpg, and it's more than worth it's price. can't caint for the sequel to come in 09/2015!if you enjoy a good story then it's a must play."
,Recommended,237990,16460516,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,zar!,-Really fun and intuitive combat-Challenging-100% recommend for anyone who likes turn based strategy games
,Recommended,237990,18065089,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Jemign,"Unique and beautiful. A game I would be proud to hang on my mantlepiece, where we would record the tales of countless generations...Vikings vs. robots. Who wouldn't want to play that?It also has my now favorite turn-based combat system."
76561198020354146,Recommended,237990,18048889,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,snipore,Great tactical rpg with a good story and different choices that impact the outcome.
,Recommended,237990,18049878,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Kep Van Der Moosh,"awesome turnbased tactical rpgone thing that iratates the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me about this game is the  battle camera.  like, quit moving! stay where i put  it. lol"
76561197988292320,Recommended,237990,18074595,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mr Joyless,"The Banner Saga is an amazing story wrapped into a punishing combat system. The two stat combat , and you go I go turn system take some getting used to. But, once you become familiar with it the game rewards you with getting to see your Varl wade into your enemies while your archer pour arrows into the Dredge.But it's not the combat that this game does best, it's the story. There are moments in this game where my jaw literally dropped, and that's a rare feeling for me. There are realizations that come up in this game that you will talk with your friends about for days after. While some of the random speech encounters can be a bit annoying (you never know what will happen, or who will die, without consulting a wiki) this broad story is what makes this a great game.I very much hope that the story will continue soon with either an expansion (hopefully with some gameplay/mechanic improvements) or a whole new game. Either way I will be buying it because I want to continue the story and see what will happen next."
76561198007632326,Recommended,237990,17451577,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,stirling.nathan,"Yesterday I completed 'The Banner Saga' on PC. It's an interesting, very PC title, originally crowd funded via Kickstarter. The game was initially quite frustrating and took me quite a while to get into with its story led structure but something about its touch of quality and individualism kept me coming back to it......But while the game was relatively short, it certainly sparkled.....Ultimately an 8/10....But definitely not a game for those conditioned for instant action."
76561198090000396,Recommended,237990,16869252,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,giantORC,"Good art,much choices,such story.but it's too short in my opinion,the sell price is too high for a short game like this.recommand buying with discount price."
76561198188340331,Recommended,237990,20442520,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,sofa_king_clever92,absolutely incredible
,Recommended,237990,20439870,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Beorn,"I admit the combat is a little wierd, but once you get the hang of it, it's a welcome change from other games out there. The story is very engrossing and masterfully crafted. It truly has a saga feel. The visuals and art are also quite beautiful. I'm waiting eagerly for the next chapter."
,Recommended,237990,20429958,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Devren,Very cool!I love the persistance.I love the strategy.Ya I love the game.I'm not so sure you choices matter as much as they could. But they do seems to matter.I like this game.I reccommend this game.Buy this game. ThenEnjoy this game.
76561198218282035,Recommended,237990,20431298,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,bae,GG!My heart is pumping like Ivars manhood.
76561197996948532,Recommended,237990,20428184,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MS,"This game is a masterpiece. The art style, the story, the characters, the soundtrack, the choices you make have consequence on the story, balancing between character advancement or your clans needs, etc. Yes, the combat is quite simplistic (even though very punishing on medium difficulty) but that’s a minor complaint. This game has to be in our game library."
,Recommended,237990,20423756,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"Loved this game - enjoyed the story, and I ended up getting really good at playing."
,Not Recommended,237990,13962947,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Aventinus,"This is a difficult review. You see, this game could have been perfect. But it is not. It's not that not being perfect is a reason not to recommend it, it's that The Banner Saga fails to deliver in some key aspects. I'll explain:Artistically The Banner Saga is a 10/10. Also, the lore the developers created is immersive and awesome in general. Races, gods, history etc. I loved it. BUT while having a great lore makes you think that the story is going to be awesome, that's not the case with The Banner Saga. The story is mediocre, not to say awful. At the end of the game you are going to have a ton of questions like ""Why did the Dredge came?"", ""What was that Serpent thing?"" and ""Why did the sun stopped?"". I find ridiculous the fact that the developers built such a lore only to make an awful story on top of it.The second thing that really disappointed me are the classes of both sides (good and evil). The Dredge have 3-4 classes which you will fight in every single battle. The humans and varl have no exquisite variety either. And while the battle system in general is great, it's overshadowed by that fact. The developers simply didn't put much effort to create variety in battles which you're not going to mind in the first 2-3 hours but after a while you 'll feel deeply disappointed.So that's why I'm not recommending The Banner Saga. While it's excellent on some aspects, it fails on the key ones (story and actual gameplay)."
,Recommended,237990,20391986,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Studio Mana,Amazing. Just amazing.
,Recommended,237990,18955601,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,lemonhead,"Wow. Vikings vs. Robots.Kind of difficult to start, but as the story progresses, (if it doesn't scare you from the very beginning), the more fascinating it becomes to play.Totally worth playing. Also check out the soundtrack. It's great."
76561198029045171,Recommended,237990,20289988,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ahumadus,"Great story driven RPG. Mixture of a few fresh ideas and traditional straightforward turn-based combat approach. I would as well as repeat many of guys before me stating the cliché ""Easy to learn, hard to master"" but this time its completely true. Dont know if it's me or there isn't really much explaining at the beginning and player is thrown into to the story without much explaining or introducing to the (quite interesting!) world and its history.The main story line gameplay could've been a little bit longer though. Looking forward to Banner Saga 2! Job well done..."
76561198031781095,Recommended,237990,20282623,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CptnCumInTheCoffee,"One of the best games I've ever played. The atmosphere is fantastic, and the decisions really do feel meaningful."
76561198078320591,Recommended,237990,20282003,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,skylarsilvers,"Simple yet interesting combat, hyper-compelling plot and characters, gorgeous art, and a lovely soundtrack. Highly recommended."
76561198006850587,Recommended,237990,20234964,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Namorath,"awesome game, beautiful artwork, exciting fights, interesting story so farever daydreamed about being in your favorite cartoon show and being a hero within it, thats what this game feels likewould be more immersive if there was more voice acting but thats a minor issue for meoverall i am enjoying this game alot"
,Recommended,237990,20630518,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,marlossi,"Pretty good.visuals are good.combat system is refreshing thou you can easely game the system.-The combo with Ludin is useles scince you only get all the parts in the last boss figth.-you will end up wanting only your weaker caracters to kill the enemy.leveling in the game is broken beacuse you must chose between keeping you caravan alive and to level up caracters.The storry is good and my choices resulted in whitc caracters were killed, but i dont think you can manipulate the main plot before he very end.Get this gam at a steam sale for cheap.Its worth it."
76561198096215997,Recommended,237990,20600273,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Fringles Masterson,"Amazing, just amazing"
76561198211443484,Recommended,237990,20656817,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"A beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack. The gameplay is challenging and nothing will be handed to you. It uses a grid system in the spirit of Gladius but not nearly as interesting or rewarding. All-in-all if you buy this game it will be for the story and the short but rich experience it brings, not for its gameplay or strategy elements."
,Recommended,237990,20669338,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kni7es,One of the most impactful gaming experiences I've ever had. I can't wait for the sequel!
76561197986048349,Recommended,237990,20688612,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MoveQuick,"Amazing, amazing, amazing. Everything in this game rocks, Combat system, Storyline, Aesthetic and music. Stop reading reviews and pick this game up right now if you enjoy tactical turn based RPG's."
,Recommended,237990,20688982,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,General Meevious,"It's a simple but enjoyable small scale party based TBS. There are only a handfull of enemies and a lot of fights are very similar, but the RPG elements are rewarding and the choices between combat are engaging and have serious consequences. The game pulls the player along like a good book and I felt sad reaching the final pages.Looking forward to the first sequel later this year. I strongly advise picking this up and embarking on the journey. It's one of those games that can reach an audience broader than its genre because it's so good at telling its story."
76561197996943982,Recommended,237990,8774273,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Chillhart,"Like an interactive, nice illustrated book with challenging turn-based fights between the exciting story parts. Never seen something like that before. A very nice idea of game-based story telling with a great atmosphere. Every decision has consequences and there is no ""remaking them"". I recommend it to any person who likes nordic mythology and compelling stories."
76561197995262635,Recommended,237990,8775612,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Grahor,"This is one of the best games I've played in the last couple of years.That said, this is not a game for everyone.It is a combination of a complex turn-based tactical strategy, played on small board (you literally need to plan for 6 turns ahead if you want to play on Hard), rpg and text-based ""tribe"" management game, somewhat reminiscent of King of Dragon Pass.It is ""forgiving"" to a player, in a sense that you can play it through even if you make bad decisions, lose a lot of people, etc. But if your goal is to actually keep your people alive and try to do the best you can, it's unforgiving - and that's one of its best points. It's easy to play it; it's hard to play it so that your people would still be alive when the game is over. :)"
76561198009705438,Recommended,237990,8775787,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,drjonrossi [zzZ],"still very 'buggy', do games even get a proper beta testing anymore???i hope they sort out the all the many crashes i have been having asap.steam should never have let it on the shop floor like this.even so, not a bad game, but could have been so much better with a few small additions."
76561198093832320,Recommended,237990,8775852,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,LordoftheDance72,"The Banner Saga is an amazing game.  In it, you travel in a caravan full ofsurvivers of the onslaught of the monsterous dredge, who are the main enemies of the game.As you travel, you must make sure morale stays high and there is enough food for everyone.  When you're not traveling, you're fighting.  Combat is in a  grid-based strategy format.  You must take out armor to really damage enemies.  Combat is simple yet difficult.  If a unit falls, they are wounded for a few days (in game) and are less effective.  As for story, the Gods are dead, and you are a simple farmer trying to lead survivers to safety, and you take on large armies of enemies along the way.  Overall I enjoyed the story, but at times it seemed held loosely together.  I was often bored of the story, which is never a good sign.  However, the ending was perfect, and it leaves me waiting for part two.  The score was composed by Austin Wintory of Journey fame, and he absolutly nails it.  Last thing, the art is beutiful.  The hand drawn style really fits the game's theme and gameplay.  The screenshots above are a testement to that.I would reccomend this game to anyone, even if you are not familier with strategy games.  This is the type of game that will make you a fan.Story:4Gameplay:5Overall:9-Great"
,Recommended,237990,8775868,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,McDonis,"Bottom line is this game is quality and for any respecting PC gamer you should own this title.  Music excellent, ambiance deep and overflowing, art simply breathtaking, but how about the gameplay you ask.   The gameplay itself is 75% turn based top down combat game and 25 percent choose your own adventure.  It all works seamlessly and will kick your butt if you don’t learn from your mistakes.  I would say the game is similar to portal in that its feature packed goodness but short.   Gripes you ask, well length is a bit short clocking in at about 10 hours and towards the end the combat will get just a hair tedious.  Oh and did I mention the ending, it’s not an ending.   It ends on a cliffhanger and is clearly meant to be part of a series.  However considering the price (under 30 dollars) the terrific quality and the fact there is some replay ( I immediately replayed 2 more times) it’s worth every penny.  My Score 85/100 Great"
76561198004898587,Recommended,237990,8775933,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Friendly Fire,riveting so far
76561198006636500,Recommended,237990,8776266,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,finisquietus,Oregon Trail. With Vikings. What more do you want?!
76561198019051897,Not Recommended,237990,8776640,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Blackstar,"Reasonably interesting story, oversimplified combat for most of the game.The final battle's balance was horrendous.If they make another one I won't buy it for this reason alone."
76561197981287078,Recommended,237990,8776700,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[SFTD] Recon,"Fun game!  It's like nothing I have played before so it is hard for me to draw a comparison.  The story is good and the combat, though simple mechanically is load with possible combo's of abilities if you care to explore them.  The game is very linear, so you aren't in control of the story.  Rather, you are taken along for the ride and are allowed to make key decisions and fight the battles as the Banner Saga unfolds.  The game is priced well for what it delivers and it is worth playing it if you haven't already."
76561198070296170,Recommended,237990,8752182,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Morrah,This game like great fantasy book.
,Recommended,237990,8752797,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Shaman Tiger,"Fanal Fantasy Tactics meets a choose your own adventure book. The art is a fabulous rotoscoped Dan Bluth-esc / early Disney style that catches your eye like an arrow that missed your knee.The really hooking part of the game is the resource management where buying supplies or ranking up characters can adversely affect your gameplay; every victory is a viceral badge of reknown and the battles can be utterly unforgiving but so rewarding upon sucess. The choices are very heavy, and a bad descion can loose you your favourite warrior in the blink of an eye.Any RPG fan needs to consider this game as it is very original, in a very un-original way. There are no clever game mechanics, no novelty minigames, just a brutal combat system where a single move can swing the battle at any given moment.I give this a stunning 9/10...And i'm not even a big rpg fan!  Want to waste a whole weekend on £18.99. Grab this game."
76561198086550824,Recommended,237990,8753856,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,peterphnguyen,"Difficult enough to enjoy, strong sense of survival."
76561198007272285,Recommended,237990,8754062,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,StormwindViper,"I have played a few hours so far, and am very much impressed.  There is a level of care and depth to this game in the overall presentation that you simply don't see in a lot of other games with massive budgets.  I have enjoyed every minute - I recommend this game for anyone who is even remotely interested in trying this game out.  Well done!  I look forward to replaying a few times!"
76561198005359169,Recommended,237990,8754572,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,tmarti24,"A fantastic engaging, even if at times terrifinigly difficult game.  The choices you mkae throughout the game, even the small ones may very well come back to haunt you.  Deeply rich and textured game play lends itself to being among my favoirte games of the year.  A must buy for any tactical player."
76561198052410467,Recommended,237990,8755274,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Lauscher [Prestige Hunter],"The Banner Saga is great and if you like trurn based strategy RPG then read not further and buy this game! Do it!!Now!!!Still here? Than let me tell you a bit aboutThe Banner Sage (TBS).GameplayTBS core is its gameplay. It is fun and challanging and the combination of Strength and Health in one Stat makes the fighting pretty complex. Each unit also has an Armor Stat. Damage equals your Strength minus the enemys Armor, as you take damage you loose Strength and by this you do less damage on your next move. So you have always to decide if you weaken an enemy by attaking his Strength directly or if you lower his Armor so that another unit can deal mor damage.TBS offers a nice range of different classes for your units, each with his own special ablility. The classes are ranging from tanks to fast and versatile units to archers.The StoryThe heart of TBS is its story. You are provided with a huge Universe overflowing with lore. Each of your characters has its own backstory and motives and I enjoyed their interaction quite a lot. At its core TBS story is about Family and the ones your are responsible for and how far you are willing to go for them. It is about concequences of choice and dealing with loose.As you progress through the Story you are faced with decisions and your choice will affect your experience.PresntationThe Soul of TBS is its presantation. The artstyle andt the animation is gourgues and the Soundtrack is fantastic. It is just to sad that there are quite a few passages where no music at all is used.All in all as said above TBS is a very good game! It is a bit minimalistic in some places (cutscenes and story presantation) but in a good way, resampling the charme of oldschool videogames"
76561198023814306,Recommended,237990,8755350,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Vic Vinegar,"I buy a LOT of steam games, and I often spend less than a few hours on them before my ADD kicks in and I start playing something else. This game on the other hand has kept me interested hour after hour. The story is extremely well written, the art is beautifully done, and the music is a pleasure to listen to. I don't usually write reviews for games, but I felt i would be doing this game, and the guys that created it, a great injustice by not spreading the word. Buy this game, play it, and enjoy it. It is well worth the money."
76561198001589702,Recommended,237990,8756417,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,hellboy76,Amazing mix of strategy and storytelling mechanics. Good stuff!
,Recommended,237990,8756443,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ersil,"This. Is. Awesome. Music, art, hardcore gameplay. I miss all of this so much with recent games releases and finally here is the epic story/rpg/tactics game."
76561198011477092,Recommended,237990,8756795,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Moonstein,5$
76561198025600634,Recommended,237990,8757119,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,RogueLeafer,Well those 8 hours went by fast! I'll be replaying it shortly on Hard and trying different choices. I want more! Halfway through I picked up on some ideas I want to try out. More games like this need to exist.
76561198052787474,Recommended,237990,8757352,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Magdasearus,"I haven't been completely hooked by a game in quite a while, but this one has hooked me. The artwork/animation is stunningly beautiful; the various decisions driving the storylines are fun, and the fighting is addictive.  The soundtrack is so very beautiful that I ended up buying it too.  I put it on repeat while I am working.  I like that players can go back to earlier parts of the game to start fresh or even start over from the beginning.  I also like that there are three difficulty levels.  The Banner Saga is definitely one of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,237990,8719126,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,aureliox,What about the supplies? Those darn Varls eat more than cows on pasture. And that my friends have to die so easily? Good game though.
,Recommended,237990,8757646,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Deliverator,10/10.An absolute masterpiece.
,Recommended,237990,8757652,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Scrubwater,"Beautiful Story, stunning art work and easy to learn but still challenging gameplay. A must for any fan of the RPG-Strategy games.Je ne recommande pas souvent des jeux mais celui-là est une perle qui vaut chaque sous qu'il coûte..."
,Recommended,237990,8710834,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Orangutan Dandy,This is a unique game with fun turn based strategy with a good bit of Oregon Trail travel micromanagement.  A thoroughly pleasant experience.
76561198047367036,Recommended,237990,8758539,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,n2adams,Loved it just waiting for the story to continue.
76561197999588578,Recommended,237990,8758922,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Break Man,"Awesome Visuals, Smooth controls, gripping story and realistic art style.  Think the animated Lord of the Rings story meets Final Fantasy Tactics meets Oregon Trail.  Gameplay is really tight and combat is balanced. Choices help shape the story how you would perceive events and interactions.  Classes for characters all serve a useful function on the battlefield and tactical combat is heavily regimented towards long-term thinking instead of short term gain & positioning. Worth picking up the deluxe edition for the breath-taking soundtrack."
,Recommended,237990,8759993,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,uncharted,a combination of my foolishness and the amazing quality/depth of this game led me to play and complete this through the night for 10hrs leaving a tottaly tired and amazed me...
76561198044224616,Recommended,237990,8760051,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Thin White Duke,"Well, this came out of nowhere.I saw good reviews for Banner Saga the day after it was released; an amazing Kickstarter campaign that raked in a hefty sum and a community that was excited for it. So I took a chance that I wouldn't normally with this kind of game.I was glad I did.Banner Saga really reminds me ofKing of Dragon Pass, which I thought was an A+ idea right off the bat. You play from different points of view and, at first I thought I preferred one group over the other, but eventually I realized both parties were rich in character traits and deelopment.The art style is really what seals the deal for me with this. It reminds me of Disney's Sleeping Beauty with it's harsh, snowy landscapes and rolling green hills & forests.The combat is, I guess, X-COM-esque, albeit very simplified. Some people will be put off by it, but it's fun IMO.If you keep playing after your party is in the middle of a blizzard, low on supplies, poor morale and enemies all around, you know you're hooked. These all happened to me, but I kept pushing on because I was convinced I'd find supplies, or a random event would give me loot, etc. More often than not, I was mistaken. A lot of people in my caravan died, any sane person would give up at that point, but I had to see how the story played out.Do I let my best fighter scout the area ahead and provide a distraction, possibly him being killed in the process, but the caravan might have a better chance to move on? Choices like these will make playing stressful, but that'sokay.9/10"
,Recommended,237990,8760372,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,NumberMagician2,This was tough. Both the combat and the decisions you are expected to make. It feels like every choice you make will have far-reaching consequences. It was great game.
76561198043789884,Recommended,237990,8777303,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,nate_is_dead,"gorgeous art style, good gameplay and interesting storyline. the game makes you make a lot of difficult decisions with lasting consequences some of which maybe completely unexpected.However,there a lot of typos in the narration and the story itself feels a bit incomplete.hopefully they release more content or even the rest of the trilogy soon and resolve all the cliff hangers"
,Recommended,237990,8777561,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Grenade_Cobra,I recommend this game but I honestly it irritates me beyond belief.  It's sure to have my current record for most out loud curses while playing a game in recent memory.  Luckily my fists were not near any walls....and thats just on normal difficulty.  Fun game though.
76561198020124520,Recommended,237990,8778199,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Delamay,I loved playing this game. The aesthetic and the story pulled me in. I wasn't able to stop until I was through with it. Can't wait for the follow-up!
76561198057061319,Recommended,237990,8778584,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,L0ki,Amazing a must have
,Recommended,237990,8778609,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,el,it is amazingly good
,Recommended,237990,8778691,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,aseth,"Wow.  Yeah.  Wow.Banner Saga is like Final Fantasy Tactics meets King of Dragon Pass.  You have to make tough decisions that affect the fates of those that follow you, and combat is a relatively simple - but extremely engaging turn based strategy.  Very good game, way better than I was expecting."
,Recommended,237990,23909063,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,barneyriggs,Great game. A lot of fun.
,Recommended,237990,23774633,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,twist4,"A tactics games that has great core mechanics, Disney-esque art direction, and a worthwhile story.  For me, this is a game that has it all.  Fantastic game, thank you! (Looking forward to playing the tabletop variant!)"
,Recommended,237990,19163338,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pariah,"I was enjoying the game. The art is great, the battles are ok, the management is fine.Suddenly, the next day, I started suffering from the lag problems that affect so many people.The game became unplayable and I have requested a refund.I have to not recommend the game, because - despite it looking great, with good writing and decent fun interface - the programming apparently leaves a lot to be desired.-----I have since discovered that this major issue was due to an update to AMD drivers for Win10.In the future - I will be rebuying TBS and replaying it, as I was enjoying it very much until this point.I have written to the developers, in the steam forums, to apologise for blaming them for AMD's drivers breaking all the games on my laptop!"
76561198002901366,Recommended,237990,23946503,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sr.Cipo,Beautiful
,Recommended,237990,23512353,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BabbageUK,"This game is much more about story than it is about freeform entertainment. It's an animated adventure that reacts to what you do, and you are part audience and part participant. I enjoyed almost all of it - and the bits I didn't like turned out to be fundamental to the storyline (at least in my playthough). Don't get this game expecting a sandbox of tactical strategy, get this game for beautiful scenery and animation, emotive music and immersive lore."
76561198045180488,Recommended,237990,23508429,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sindahend,Though the combat is simplistic it is still enjoyable enough. But it lacks the tactical depth to go for a second playthrough. Gamplaywise it brings nothing new to the table tho it is well executed. Why you want to play this game is the well written story and amazing athmosphere it provides. Which is more then enough to compensate for the mediocre game mechanics. I found it hard to stop and finished the game in two days. My only real complaint is that the ending is a bit abrupt and the game is short. Overall it is hugely enjoyable experience if you care to read the text in which the story is delivered and can value the art of this game.
,Recommended,237990,23524607,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ishafayet,"This is a beautiful game. Excellent artistic graphics, decent ambience and music.Story is nothing too special. But the game is short which surprisingly is a good thing as the story doesn't get time to 'get old'.The gameplay is decent. Although not very well balanced. But 'normal' difficulty really means 'normal'. I had a couple of challenging battles but didn't loose a single one until the last boss battle.The decisions player has to make, heavily impact the story and the rather generic but relatable characters.I can't help but feel that this game needed voiceovers. Maybe because I played on my couch with a steam controller. So, all the reading got tiring after a certain point.If you have 10 to 20 hours to spare in the week and looking for a refreshing experience without any grinding or difficulty curve? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,237990,23009189,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Flixor,"10/10. Best game I've played in years. It's really incredible how much you are sucked into the story for a game with a relatively small amount of interaction; the interaction that is there feels meaningful at every turn though. It's a masterclass in storytelling, character building and the fascination of feeling that a world is really actually coming to an end. READY FOR PART 2"
76561198118230144,Recommended,237990,23465014,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Barcode-Killer,"The Banner Saga: a very ambitious game that delivers.... more or less.Before I get to discuss the problems I have to say that the graphics/artworks are beautiful and  the soundtrack is gorgeous .Now let's get to the meat of the game:-The game is advertised as a game based on every decision that you take....and that is more or less true. Some of your choices affect the game that is true but not by very much except from like 2 of them. Also the game is not afraid to take decisions without asking you. For example: in the beginning I chose to level up a character because I liked his stats and skills and I said ""well if I level up this guy I will crush my enemies in no time"" . Well quess what: THE GAME DECIDES THAT THEY HAVE TO LEAVE AND RIGHT AFTER I SPENT MY LEVEL POINTS ON THEM. You don't get to see them until the final  battle and you don't get a character with similar attributes anywhere in the game . So in the final battle you get them right, but they are already low level by the  standard of that time.  What the hell?-For a game praised for the importance of your choices the game is quite linear. The game will switch most of the time between 2 groups of people whenever the story wants. Which makes it a bit harder to follow the plot.-The gameplay consists of a turn based combat strategy game. It's refreshing and unique but is also  so basic and you will get bored in a few battles. It is also sometimes punishing and unforgiving.Overall the game is good but not what people make it out to be . I give it a 6-7/10 . It's enjoyable but gets tedious by the end of the game."
76561198005362575,Recommended,237990,10423986,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Shark Knight,"Spoiler FREE review.The visuals and music are beautiful and so it's the concept. But gameplay?First let's get to the core of the game,The Turn Based Combat System!:The turns are like a chess board game, let me use an example:Le's say you have 4 guys and your oponent has 8.This means that each of your guys will get to move at least 2 times by the time your oponent has managed to move it's entire team, this is ofcourse if you didnt slay any of them. If you did then, things can get reversed until you reach pillage mode.When you reduce your foes numbers to just one, you will go into ""PILLAGE MODE!"" To put it simple It just sounds cool and the turn mode becomes like those of any Fire Emblem Games. Meaning everyone gets one turn per round, including your opponent. This can help you set up the kill for the hero that needs to level up, or simply for the next wave of enemies.It is an interesting concept but could had been done more justice.The enemy will automatically go next - even if it just moved in the previous turn - and will do what this game does best, search for your weakest guy and try to bring it down.I understand that this was so that if you had 5 guys left and your oponent just one it wouldnt get to move every time your oponent does, otherwise it would be crazy!But anyways, do you get a reward for pillaging? Do you get to burn stuff? No, you dont, Unlike real life Pillaging.In real life the last unit would flee, do a last stand or surrender . Not search for the weakest and going on a programmed kamikaze mode. But this is what this game does.I often wonder if the programmer or the “Creative director” ever bothered on playing fire emblem or final fantasy tactics or doing some research on other strategic war games.And talking about the  A.I. of your enemies, It is ridiculou! It’s like you are fighting terminators that know exactly every specific movement that you will take and that will ALWAYS have more bonuses than you and will charge at your weakest unit no matter if other units are closer to them.They are like Kamikazes that will search for your weakest guy no matter if it's behind a giant maze. So get ready for an intense challenge.The Story and Writting ELEMENTS! choose your dialogue wisely:First and Foremost be aware that every dialogue you choose can mean the life or death of one of your heroes. Even at the very beggining of the game.So unless you want to save it, you will have to redo the battle all over again and explore for the proper dialogue option. Sometimes it is often the most cliche one the one that saves it.However it appears that at some point the programmer or writter got aware of this ""save scamming"" as they like to call it. And very early on the game you get a choice and you will take consequences near the end of the game depending on that choice.An extensive dialogue tree will be presented and no matter your choice of dialogue or any other thing that you have done in this game, you will loose at least 3 characters that may be some of your strongest ones.Meaning you wont be exploring their relationships anymore and you will be heavily outmanned when you get to the last combats.This was Lazily implemented and poorly written, many players consider it BS yet the programmers think its cool and even compare it to The Game of Thrones Death of Ned Stark. Which doesnt make sense because that is the predetermined story, it is very well written and its not an option just to screw the honest players.Suffice it to say that if you want to save them, you will have to restart the game or edit the game save files.The Renown!Renown it's the currency and blood of the game. With it you level up, improve your skills, purchase items and most importantly get FOOD!It is extremely scarse you can only get it after battles or after certian actions so be very greedy on it, unless you have to level heroes or purchase food supplies.But why food?:In this game you are the leader of a caravan, as each day passes your people will consume food ""supplies"" and if you start running out of it then the morale will go low and they may ended up dying out of starvation. You have the option to set a camp and rest in order to improve morale, and morale helps you A LOT when it comes to battles.Items can be found and obtained after war simulated battles or visiting places and interacting with them. Others can be purchased with Renown. I personally didnt like that Renown and currency where the same thing in this game, because you either have to choose wether to level up your character or purchase food or a cool item.The tutorial it’s extremely basic and leaves you to learn the new abilities by yourself. The game doesnt like rewarding you and it's always trying to make you miserable or frustrated.In Short, the game doesnt like to reward you but will try in a constant basis to screw you and make you miserable. Maybe it wants you to understand how frustrated the main heroes of this story feel, I dont know.Visuals and looks:Bloody Gorgeous, reminds you a lot from the Sleeping Beauty and all those animated movies from old disney and  the knight and medieval movies Like Ivanhoe. Even if it's Norse Mythology based.Definitly the selling point of this game. The art and coloring it's just pure eye candy and even sometimes eye protein too. You can spend a good amount of time just examining screens, horizons, forests and even the battle scenarios.The music it's really beautiful too, and sometimes very inspiring.If you are a hardcore Turn Based Strategy Game Player that loves to play It's Fire Emblems in hard mode. Then you are on for one hell of a ride!If you are just going to enjoy the ride, I suggest you to play it on easy unless you are up for some frustrating times or a real challenge.Thank you for reading through this sincere review, as always no boot licking."
76561197974159731,Recommended,237990,22990681,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,prdunlap1,"Likes - Animation and art are beautiful, and somewhat nostalgic. Gameplay is simple, but fun.Dislikes - Too much dialog for a strategy game; cutscenes can be a bit much. No on the fly save gasme so prepare to leave it running if you need to step away for a while."
,Recommended,237990,23003398,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MatThib,"Pro:The art is gorgeous, the music is awesome and the plot is good.Cons:It's so damn stressing having your people always almost starving!"
76561197970723018,Recommended,237990,23003608,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,brain13,Good Game.  Interesting combat mechnaics.  Varl and humans interaction and characters were very well done.  Random deaths were a downer for me though.
76561198287145223,Recommended,237990,23005480,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,brain2905,"самое лучшее, во что я когда-либо играл: заставляет думать и читать , развивает воображение и сделано с душой! озвучка потрясающая."
76561198026288466,Recommended,237990,23045853,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,timeturtle,good game. great art. great story.
,Recommended,237990,23045869,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Sauce,"The Banner Sage is a depressing take on a realistic setting in an RPG strategy game. It's a mix of RPG elements from Final fantasy Tactics and turn based RPGs. Not worth full price imo, but its definitely a great game that should nto go unplayed."
,Recommended,237990,23042273,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,wickedsweet,Great game
76561197969652632,Recommended,237990,23044162,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sugam,"A great strategy game!Soundtrack is simply excellent  the visuals are a treat. Animation and palette is just incredible. Very reminiscent of hand-drawn Disney stuff.Gameplay wise, some parts and fights are slightly unbalanced but overall all the character combos and skills make for interesting strategy decisions. The Varl, who take up more space, the ranged characters and different skills really force you to think about the placement and order of play.My only real downside is that some ""caravan"" decisions have strong, truly unforeseeable consequences.The characters are almost all very interesting, some are engaging and loveable in a Mass Effect sort of way.For all interested, BS2 is very similar so do not expect major changes - however, more skills, skill specialization and higher level and items make BS2 actually easier. More animated sequences, too!"
,Recommended,237990,22987243,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Señor de las Pagodas,"This game is absolutely gorgeous, in my opinion a must-have along with it's secuel.Is an isometric strategy game where you play as the leader of a caravan of people in what it seems, the end of a fantastic world. The lore is deep beyond what you can see in the game, that world in where you walk along with your people bast parades, does not feels alive, it feels agonizing, and that is a good thing.It is still fantasy, although it has a dark and epic feeling to it, it isn't dark fantasy. It pretty damn well-written, and your decision have some major impact, altough you can not totally branch the history, it's still linear; but definitely this is the best part along with the art.The combat it well-done and polished, but still kind of slow, and very, very tactic, the best part, it is affected for the decision you took before. You can still enjoy the game if you don't like this kind of combat, going avoiding it and putting it on easy. The biggest problem is the giant spike of difficulty in the last battle on normal difficulty, the first time I played it I had to put te game on easy. Either way, this is highly improved in the second game, I'd recommend anyone to buy both and preorder the third one."
76561197970492229,Recommended,237990,23030272,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ponglives,Impeccable.
76561198002146038,Recommended,237990,8836572,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Sara the eXPLORA,"Lovely litle game, but wait for a deal on it... Alot of loading screens, and a short story. I might replay it, just to see if there is all that much variation with choices."
,Recommended,237990,14273669,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bove,"Pros:+ The story and lore is very interesting, with different races and history to explore.+ The characters are varied and interesting and have very good dialogue.+ The gameplay is compelling, the combat section is simple but works very well, it kind of resembles a complex chess game with different characters and abilities.+ When you are not in combat you will be leading your caravan in your journey, you will have to make many decisions that may end up significant rewards or the death of some of your members so there's some degree of consequence to your actions.+ The artstyle is gorgeous (Reminds me of the classic disney movies), but most of the time they are static figures with subtitles.+ The soundtrack is superb and if it's the kind of music you like, you should definitely buy the soundtrack as well.+ The gameplay is hard, but not too hard.Cons:- Even though you have to make many decisions throughout the game they won't change the outcome in a significant way besides losing or gaining side characters, so eventually the game will have an on-rails feel.- Most of the characters are static, besides some minor animation here and there.- None of the characters talk except the narrator in very few occasions, I understand maybe that was by design, but some voice over in some main events would have been nice.Final opinionOverall I loved this game, amazing and interesting fantasy universe, compelling gameplay, very interesting story with superb soundtrack. Some missed potential, but still worth it and very excited for the sequel."
76561198025355661,Recommended,237990,14274465,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SirSamson,"An epic tale of war and survival, the banner saga is worth buying just to experience the story it tells. The art style of the game is quite beautiful, and lends itself to enhancing the atmosphere the narrative creates. The game alternates between traveling and combat.When traveling, various events, both random and scripted unfurl as you brave the frozen tundra. You must manage your caracan's food and morale. Losing too much of either/both will cause people to leave your caravan, which affects your military strength for the various battles throughout the campaign. This makes for an engaging experience, but some may be put off that you must watch your group travel across the wastes in between events, with no way to skip it.On the combat side, the game is TBS with its' own unique mechanics. Each character has a health and armor bar, and knowing when to attack which is critical. Attacking armor makes the opponent more vulnerable, but leaves their attack untouched. Attacking strength is akin to their hp, and characters become weaker as their strength decreases. The game alternates between each side, so 2 characters on the same team will never go one after another until there is only one enemy remaining. Because of this, when a character dies, another person on the team that lost a character moves up in the rotation. This is one of my only major gripes, as it can sometimes punish a player for taking out another opponent, and can make very weak characters more of a liability than if they were dead.Oh, and the story ends kind of suddenly.Bottom Line: The combat could use a bit of tweaking, and the the travel sections can border on tedious when nothing is happening, but the positives far outweigh the negatives for what proves to be a very strong, (hopefully) first installment in this series. 8/10"
,Recommended,237990,14277061,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"I am not a tile puzzle gamer. I don't put a lot of stock into games like this, but a buddy of mine booted up his copy (prior to my purchase) and showed me a little bit. Immediately, I was blown away by the art style and gameplay.The Banner Saga tells the tale of two great tribes set apart in their land. You take on the role of various heroes, each one with different tactics that allow for various approaches in combat. There is an underlying Telltale-styled mechanic, which keeps the story engaging, and the subtle soundtrack mixed in with the staggeringly well-done visuals keeps the rest of the game exciting.The combat itself is tile based, with each hero and villain allowed a certain number of moves in an area around them. The amount of steps they can take is dependant on the character themselves, as is what they can do once they're face to face with an opponent. It's a leisurely way to tell an excellent story while enjoying the puzzle-styled mechanics of tile-based combat."
,Recommended,237990,14249826,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rajorne,"Absolutely brilliant game. I was addicted from the getgo and to the point where I also bought it for my ipad. Bloody loved it. The story was moving, the characters very cool, the art was beautiful, the world unique and full of mystery. The music was brilliant, the TBS combat was great! This is honestly one of the best games i've ever played. By the end, I wanted more and I really felt for the characters and for my caravan. I also loved the fact (found this out later) that the script engine where you make choices is based off the same system as 80 Days and Sorcery! by Inkle (check them both out on IOS/Android - both really awesome and addictive).I can't wait for part 2 of The Banner Saga!!!"
76561198082002272,Recommended,237990,14250035,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,fangofgarm,"Oregon Trail meets XCOM in a viking saga, with a beautiful stream of cel-style graphics.  Love it!"
,Recommended,237990,13890377,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,AV Archivist,"Short Version:- I love/hate this game. Love it enough to recommend it, if you're a gamer who likes a sublime plot and good artistic/narrative direction.- Crashed a lot on me. All of my playtime is from a single playthrough.- Combat system is terrible for 1p PVE. Shot-for-shot turn order vice speed-based turn order. Can play on hard and win virtually every fight in the game with a single naked level 1 unit without ever taking damage so long as you make sure you level enough characters for the few fights where you need or are forced to use more than one character. Bit of an immersion killer, but the art/music/story/atmosphere makes up for it.- Reward/Currency system is lazy and illogical. Should have gone with experience-based levelling system and a better currency system.- The ""game"" part of the game should have been left in the oven a bit longer. Would have benefited from more polish and more audio/visual to accompany random events to provide better tone/insight to help guide our choices.- Tone should have been set better for some moral decisions.Long Version:I've been teetering on the edge of how I'd overall recommend this game. There are honest to god things that Banner Saga totally nails while there are other instances where it falls flat on its face. Put bluntly, the ""game"" part of Banner Saga is the worst part of the game. The plot, atmosphere, immersive narrative, and direction are masterful. I recommend this game if you're looking for something with a deep, rich story that captivates and has lots of feels to it. Expect the game part to get in the way of your enjoyment of the story, however. This feels like a strange recommendation as, although I could sing the narrative's praises all day, I perceive many of the gameplay features to be totally asinine. That I could immerse myself into, complete, and love this game despite its many glaring flaws and poor gameplay design choices is a testament to how much this is worth checking out if story is important to you.However, be warned that:i) Despite fantastic narrative direction, important choices you need to make during random events often lack any tonality for the observer. You get several options in text. Sometimes these options describe words you say, other times they describe an action you take. Neither the events themselves nor your decision offer any additional informational meaning that some situations can be misconstrued. This should have been alleviated by adding simple animations to the caravan screen, such that exists in countless other parts of the game, to provide a bit more information in some of the more action oriented situations so it isn't just an outright guess. All told, this wouldn't be a big deal really if it wasn't for the fact that...ii) The save system is a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Designed with the intent to prevent save-scumming. It auto-saves after any decision you make but never after battle. There are occasions where a major decision follows 3-5 major battles, back to back without saves. Burn through the chat too fast and pick the wrong option? You're boned. Redo the last hour or so of the game.  Same deal if the game crashes.. oh which...iii) The game seems to hard crash a LOT. This was a major issue for me, even after applying all crash fixes I could find online. Very frustrating. Appeared to be linked to certain sound files. This would have made the game completely unplayable except that...iv) Even on Hard, the combat system is silly easy. Designed for PVP play, it handles like a turn-based/strategy game for the utterly uninitiated, and not in a good way. Whatever the reason, the combat is just totally dumb and illogical. Turn-based combat is -100%- turn-based in that your team goes, then there team, then your team again. There is no ""speed"" stat to decide turn order amongst all units on the field. You pick your turn order ahead of time and play the battle as though it were chess, except you always know exactly what order the enemies are going to move in and you can see exactly where they're going to move to, in addition to knowing their exact attack range and abilities at all times. This enables you to evade or weaken enemies pre-emptively. A valid approach that would be fun except for the fact that if you use three people or less on your team it is virtually impossible to ever take damage unless you make a major positioning error. The battles become exponentially easier the fewer characters you have on your team. Similarly, the hardest battle for you is when the opponent has very few strong units remaining and you have a full squad. They get to beat your face in back to back with their beefy units while you slog through your whole roster getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. Don't believe me? You can solo ~99% of the game with pretty much any character. It's easiest with characters with higher movement ranges and attack ranges, like any archer or spearman, but it's doable with pretty much anyone so long as you occasionally spread the love to get a real team ready for the final battle. You can literally solo your way through the most of the game without ever taking any damage or risk, if you're smart about it.That being said, stylistically, turn-based combat would be effective if they'd stuck to a model like that used in Shining Force or FFT or any number of other titles. What would be most effective for the narrative would be a combination of more polished turn-based combat a la Dragon Age combined with instances of tactical/strategic combat in the vein of war games. Atmosphere wise, the story fleshes out like Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat and I found myself wishing the combat were like that in Banner Saga.v) Unilateral currency/reward system that's used to a) upgrade characters b) buy supplies c) buy items. This was a lazy design choice that I expect was made to make the game easier to balance. It is effective in conveying a sense of poverty throughout most of the game, as long as you don't think about how nonsensical it is. Example: A character can have over 100kills but still be rank 1 while a character with 2 kills is rank 2 if you spend your mystical Renown points on him. The purpose of this was to force you to choose between becoming stronger or feeding your people, but it's contrived and illogical. Characters should have a more standard experience-based levelling system. Additionally, market-purchased items which are pointless and will in all likelihood prevent you from having a ""perfect"" playthrough should be re-sellable. They should have just taken the time to balance an exp/money system. It wouldn't have been terribly hard on account of the combat system rendering using more than one character throughout most of the game unnecessary. This is made worst due to...vi) There is no logic in how Renown points are earned in battle. Kill 10 garbage units with fully decked out characters that can one-shot them all? 10 Renown. Kill 10 uberhyperultraomega1337epeen units with a single lvl 1 character in his birthday suit? 10 Renown. Zero effort was made to balance the combat system's effort: reward ratio. Finally,vii) RNG can really screw up your mid-game. There are these random events with triggers that can go off anytime during the game during travel and in Chapter 3, unless you hoarded all of your Renown and get ok luck on the random events and make every decision perfectly, you're gonna have a bad time. This is due, in part, to the game scumming you of of supplies you spent your then extremely scarce Renown on in the previous chapter. I don't want to spoil anything but if anyone's actually reading this wall of text and you're gonna play the game, just do yourself a favour and never buy supplies with rook until Chapter 3. It will save you the frustration of having to restart because of a huge immersion-killing design oversight."
,Recommended,237990,13890551,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mae Mordabito,"It's Oregon Trail with Grid-based, Turn-Based combat (FF Tactics, Fire Emblem, etc.)"
,Recommended,237990,13990942,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DynamiteKnight,"Though The Banner Saga captured me in its grandscale story through its artstyle, characters, and deep lore, it felt incomplete. I felt like I was presented an extensive and delicious menu only to have the restaurant close on me by the time I finished the appetizer. Appetizer was excellent, but it didn't feel like I had the dinner I thought I would have.+ArtstyleMusicBattles were entertaining and challenging enough but not frustratingFelt like an interactive choose your own adventure-Too many characters that I didn't care about, and that overlapped each other (almost aspiring to be a Suikoden)Because of that, only a handful of them were developed deeplyI felt the ending to be a bit weak in comparison to the build up (even knowing that this is part 1 of 3)"
,Recommended,237990,13991664,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,dad,"This game is beautiful. From the artstyle, to the storyline, to the music, to the combat. Really, I can't stress enough how wonderful this game is. So many twists and turns, so many options to choose from."
,Recommended,237990,13992371,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Timeless Guardian,The art and story are well crafted but the combat and where the story ends may leave you with some desire. Its well thought out but it isn't the most interesting part of the game the decisions and the fall out while sometimes frustrating leave the lasting impression. If you're a fan of tactical RPGs like Tactics Ogre or Fire Emblem this is one you'll likely enjoy just don't expect the combat to be as robust.
76561197971322613,Recommended,237990,13993783,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kyrodus,"Great art direction and very involving game overall. As soon as I was getting the hang of the mechanics and invested in the story, the game just... ends! Well... guess I'll wait for the sequel..."
,Recommended,237990,13993949,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,φ£¼♠Kjetskov-稲妻 爆発,"A very excellent game with a unique, chess-like take on turn based tactical combat.  Beautiful character illustrations and ambience.  Well worth its price once you get the hang of things."
,Recommended,237990,14040171,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Vaenen,"I'd say the only real way to get the hang of this game is to complete it, which does kind of fit into the story element itself, as the main characters don't really understand what is happening in their world and how to react to the oncoming doom, you'll find yourself playing the game by ear with no real idea of the consequences of your dialogue choices, or which party members might suddenly become unavailable, or how you should spend your renown wisely, or even how the whole journey is paced for that matter.However, as you progress you'll get to know the main characters, become practiced in the combat system and might even become invested in the development of the characters and the main story as different themes are introduced, even though it seems -in hindsight- that some topics are touched but not really expanded on.I am not sure if I would replay this game much -or at all for that matter- since I enjoyed the first playthrough very much because of all the unknowns, whereas a second playthrough would lack certain surprises and would probably invite a more strategic management of resources and alternate game choices purely for the sake of exploring content missed in previous playthroughs.I am a big fan of BioWare RPGs and this game was developed by ex-exmployees. The focus on characters, their stories and a detailed world setting reflects this in a positive way in my opinion. The price of 19,99 euros is a bit steep though, I'd say get it in a sale for 10 euros or less if you appreciate a story focused RPG."
76561198148092879,Recommended,237990,14041150,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Benji,An amazing game.  A must buy. The only downside to this game it is too short for me. But thankfully the sequal is coming out soon. Keep up the good work stoic.
,Recommended,237990,14043364,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Maguro Man,"The Banner Saga is a rather slow-paced game that shines mostly due to the atmosphere it provides while playing with its beautiful art style and soundtrack, that make it beautiful to watch, even when not actively playing.The story, which is told from different viewpoints as the plot unfolds, is set in a world greatly influenced by Norse mythology that appears to near its end, which you try to avert.Doing so you have to fight quite a lot of battles, which is a rather unspectacular aspect of the game. Combat is trun-based adn although the levels are designed nicely as well and some characters do have interesting skills, it got repetitive after a while since the mechanics are very basic.Some fights though, you can avoid alltogether, provided you made the right choices along the road on your journey. Of these there a quite a lot, which moslty affect the stats of your caravan, but nevertheless give the player the feeling of actually being relevant to the story, which is always a plus in my book.The only thing that disappointed me a bit was the final bossfight, which seemed a little rushed, then again the game quickly made up for it by rewarding me with absolutely stunning ending visuals.All in all, my journey in ""The Banner Saga"" was a great one and I would reccommend the game to anyone that can live with a less action-oriented approach in a game. It will definitely beworth it; even at full price.I personally cannot wait to get my hands on the next part of the saga, in which I'd hope to see a bit more voice acting, since i really liked the accents in the few voiced parts of the game.Also, I shed some manly tears at my funeral"
,Recommended,237990,14037123,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,VortreWash,"It's short, but has lots of replay value.  Great characters, great game."
76561198009067077,Recommended,237990,14039229,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GRANIT Salvo,"A fantastic tactical viking adventure.  It's slow paced, but that is not a bad thing.....its great for absorbing the lore and atmosphere.  My only complaint is that there is no controller support, and the only thing that I have noticed that could be difficult for that would be the brilliant map screen.  This is a great game that I want to play relaxed in a recliner or couch, not upright, tethered to a desk.  It just feels awkward."
,Recommended,237990,13984975,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,melancholyjaques,"Pros: JUST LOOK AT THE ARTWORKThe story really moved me, one of the best story arcs so farCons: A little repetitive with the fighting"
,Recommended,237990,13945103,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Khal Drewgo,"Incredible story, incredible artwork, incredible soundtrack, and simple and thoughtful combat system. I loved everything about this game. If I could give only one game a 10/10 ever, this is the one."
76561198002569726,Recommended,237990,16956454,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Minnow,"Decent game.  It plays like it was built for tablets, though, which leads to a really ineffient UI and annoying controls.  It also doesn't tell you when it saves, so when you quit you have no idea where you will resume from the next time you play."
76561197966902727,Recommended,237990,16934594,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Menstrual Armageddon,"You set your flagon of ale down in the viking hall and sit in front of the lovingly crafted chess board with its austere yet beautiful playing pieces. Across from you is your opponent, a weathered veteran covered in scars, tattoos and sporting a thousand yard stare. The game seems simple enough and yet as it progresses, more and more depth is revealed. The atmoshere around you grows heavy as you and your opponent ponder your moves and you become caught up in the narrative that unfolds before you, even as your pawns die in droves. As you maneuver your pieces for the final checkmate, you realise that that's what this game has been all about. A seemingly simple enterprise with a f%$#ing great story, a$$loads of atmosphere and, despite its indie production values, wonderfully crafted aesthetics.You decide that once your hangover clears, you're coming back tomorrow to the longhall for more."
,Recommended,237990,16942783,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Captain Spectacular,"One of the best looking games I have ever played, in terms of its incredible art direction. It may not be the deepest strategy RPG and it might not hit the highs that series like Fire Emblem hit, but it's a game that hits more than it misses.Pros:- Incredible art direction- Beautiful soundtrack by famed Journey composer, Austin Wintory- A cool story and worldCons:- Cliffhanger / sequel bait ending- It drags a little- Little to no customization for character units- Very little voice acting. It feels like a visual novel at times- A tad short"
76561198004192869,Recommended,237990,16943607,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,|S.T.A.R.S| Mr.Evo,Great game overall. People who enjoy turn-based strategy games (similar to X-Com) are going to have a blast with The Banner Saga A good challenge even on normal difficulty. A really punishing game if you happen to make the wrong decisions (rarely obvious) and you still have to make other hard choices that will follow you/ haunt you throughout  the game. It also has some form of replayability (just to see how the journey diverges depending on choices made).  Art style is quite enjoyable and the soundtrack is really amazing in terms of immersion and quality.9/10
,Recommended,237990,16952043,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Varitas,"Absolutely Brilliant RPG that drops you in to a fantastical world with varl, dredge and humans and the struggle for the survival of civilization.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYyAFizv1lI"
,Recommended,237990,17395233,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,IrateHope,"One of the best TBS games I have played. The game is challenging, your choices matter & it will be about survival the entire way through.Also, the endings. They are fantastic. All of them.9/10"
76561198010517368,Recommended,237990,17974753,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SuperRuper,A great game if you like titles like Fire Emblem
76561197966564201,Recommended,237990,17775203,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Groovept,Great Game!!!
76561198006667567,Recommended,237990,17513438,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Talwarie,An excellent game. Great storyline and a great musical score. Normally I watch netflix while playing PC games becasue I don't care too much for the sounds of the actual game but this game made me turn that off and pay attention. I also liked the game mechanic. Your units do less damage as they take damage but losing units isn't debilitating unless it's the last unit so that makes for some interesting gameplay.
76561198051690297,Recommended,237990,17852548,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,TenchiSaWaDa,A fun game. with a deep story and very harsh choices.
76561198014955980,Recommended,237990,17953690,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ashuroa,I have very mixed feeling for this game.It's beautiful and stylish. The story is fascinating and unique as is the setting. The music is wonderful. Combat is okay.But it is sooooo depressing. Maybe I'm over emotional but by the end of it I felt ready to cry. Which of course says that it is stellar story telling for drawing me in so much. But I really don't like crying so... yeah... I won't play it again and probably won't play the sequel either.
76561198090534229,Recommended,237990,18276084,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cue,"Strategy, good story and a lot of decisions to make! What do you want more?Besides, the story did not end yet so I am even more looking forward to play The Banner Saga 2 when it gets published on steam!"
,Not Recommended,237990,18301095,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Haddy22,Beautiful art and animation... but not a great game.  Does not play very fluid and there isint a lot of customization to it - I had higher hopes for this one.  I played it for 2 hours and shelfed it.
,Recommended,237990,18218397,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Tateybread,"Gorgeous game, love the style and story."
76561198037092957,Recommended,237990,11020690,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ComicSbams,"I'll keep this short. This game is the first that has made me write a fan letter, this game was not only deep and challenging but by far my favorite art style that I've ever seen from a video game with very well composed music. All in all, this was the most emmotionally gripping game I've ever played before.Only dislike is that the game doesn't last very long but a sequel is in the works.BUY THIS GAME!!!9/10 or 17/20"
,Recommended,237990,11020715,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Xannar,"Definitely one of the better SRPGs i've ever played, The art is amazing and the storyline is fantastic. The battle system is simple compared to most other SRPGs, but it doesn't make this any less of a great game."
76561198034939539,Recommended,237990,11021396,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,mtlion55,"Reminds me a little of GoT, interactive story."
,Recommended,237990,11023915,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Spitfire5793,Simply Awesome. Go buy!
,Recommended,237990,11102668,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Efreeti,"Hands down the most difficult tactics game I've ever played. Also, it has viking giants."
,Not Recommended,237990,11103835,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Zombie Flanders,"Biggest gripes:1. No manual save, which seems at odds with the game's claim of empowering choice to determine the storyline.2. Characters don't die in battle, but they can die from Story dialog choices. If you want to check the other options, you likely have about 30 minutes or so of work to get back to where you were from the previous autosave/s.3. The actual turn-based RTS portion is atrocious. Each side alternates a turn for each unit in order, but if you have 6 people on the field and your opponent has 2, they get to move their characters 3x for every time your individual character moves. If those last 2 units left are heavy hitters then expect to lose at least 1-2 units before you put them down. I was expecting something like X-Com or Fire Emblem and it ended up being Chess without the ability to determine what piece you want to move.It's very pretty, but it's not fun to play."
76561198067027221,Recommended,237990,10376945,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Brobi-Wan Kenobi,Bastion. Transistor. The Banner Saga. These are three games that have invoked deep feels in me; please let them invoke something deep inside of you too. *nudge *nudge
,Recommended,237990,11113552,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,StantoMacGuffin,"Great tactical RPG gameplay mixed with an utterly soul crushing story, make for one hell of an epic game. 9/10"
76561198067571372,Recommended,237990,11118794,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,skippy.d.vt,"Such a challenge!  It reminds me so much of Oregon Trail, but on a whole new level.  I will say it is just as difficult as I remember Oregon Trail being, but with so many ways the story can end, It has kept me playing to see what happens next."
,Recommended,237990,10924784,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shade,"I love this game. It is very challenging, and has an incredibly rich and original story!"
76561197964114211,Recommended,237990,10926874,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KBob,"I'd like to join everyone who recommends the game. While there is no chance to branch the story, the way it is told is appealing, and ""morale"" lessons are done in the spirit of the game"
76561198031396215,Not Recommended,237990,10929045,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AlanGreenspan,"What it does right: Firstly, the game is beautiful in appearance and sound. The art and animation is very carefully done, and the soundtrack sets the perfect mood throughout. Secondly, it combines an intriguing mix of turn base combat and overworld travel and text based decision making a la Oregon Trail. Lastly, the choices in the game provided a strong sense of agency.What it does wrong: First, the game ends sooner than you’d expect, and leaves too many loose ends begging to be tied up. While the ride was entertaining up to that point, it magnified the fact that all the choices previous were illusory.  Secondly, with that in mind, many of the tough choices you make regarding your forces or clan in the overworld lack some sort of greater purpose by the end. I even found myself wondering “Does it really matter that my people are about to starve” and an hour later, it turned out it did not (save a small combat mechanic with “morale”). You would be better off buying trinkets or leveling your characters rather than using resources to buy supplies for your people, because the game abruptly ends with simply killing a BBG. Lastly, a smaller detail to nitpick, there appears to be a lot of added content that was designed to make the game appear epically larger, but never is used to actually make it grander, such as the detailed overworld map that you will only ever follow a linear story path on and little history lessons on places you come across.If you’re big into game design, I’d recommend you try it, because it has a unique feel to it. However, if you enjoy strategy rpg’s, there are better options, because Banner Saga weaves an intriguing tale that gets you leaning closer and closer with a developing plot, then just slaps you the face."
,Recommended,237990,11122818,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Revo Sauerkraut,"The game itself plays fine finding a mix of both army managment as well as grid based combat. The story is ok but the game seems very short for a $25 dollar purchace. I'm unsure if they intend to continue the story in future patches if so it could very well be worth the money however at this time i'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale.If you just want to sit down and play the same story anywhere between 3-5 times to see all the different things that can happen with the events then get it.However if your not into Fire Emblem or tabletop DnD style games then avoid this title.also don't expect the game to baby you, you will lose people and you will most likely meet defeat more than once.Pros :Challenging tactical combat with (somewhat) randomized enemy forcesStory is intersting for the most part.Art is fantastic during character conversations.Cons: Game feels very short for a $25 dollar investment.Music while fitting the mood of the game does feel repetitive.Replay value is limited at best."
76561198051086872,Recommended,237990,11127463,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gumo,"As fun as Final Fantasy Tactics, and Tactics Ogre. Nice difficulty curve."
,Recommended,237990,11129450,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,PVDRAL (Slick Suzuki),"Fun game, nice art style."
,Recommended,237990,30435103,Posted: 10 March,all,LordStuff,"Yes, I can totally recommend this game!The background story is very interesting! You'll come to points where you'll have to make hard decisions and the consequences can be fatal for some characters you've really started to like. There are major plot twists that I really didn't see coming.The gameplay is great. The combat system has rather unique characteristics, and the clan management adds some more diversity to the game's basics.I also really love the art style, the convoy passes several great landscapes and curiosities.I'm really hooked for Banner Saga 2, but I guess I'll have to wait until I have more spare time.. Anyways, great game!"
,Recommended,237990,29244590,Posted: 14 January,all,Artemisth,"This game is truly a wonderful experience from start to finish.There are a lot of hard choices to make, though some may argue that the impact isn't big enough throughout the game. The biggest change could be that you loose a certain character, but most of the time it affects some of the ressources you own. In the end, two playthroughs won't be that much different story wise, but who ends up surviving in the end may change. The combat is tactical without being too complicated to grasp. There are only a few rules to learn, but they offer some very interesting situations, especially the constant lack of Renown, the in-game ressource that allows you to buy items, supply and level up your characters. You will constantly juggle between these options, wondering if you can make it to the next city with the few days of supplies left, hoping that nothing bad will hit you on the way, and investing your Renown into upgrading you characters. Or maybe you should acquire that sweet sweet level 5 item that you may end up never using since it is so hard to level up your troops... You won't be able to acquire everything, and that may annoy some people in the end.The game isn't too long, about 10 hours for a full playthrough, and ends up a bit abruptly. However, the ending makes you look forward to the sequel, which I haven't played yet. The story is great and keeps you wondering what will happen next, how will you caravan survive this unforgiving pilgrimage.Now, the game truly shines with its art style and animation which give life to this world you are exploring. And the world is HUGE too! If you really enjoy looking at world maps and learning information about each and every corner of the world, the game allows you to do that. However, keep in mind that the game is linear and that you won't chose where you want to go.Overall, it is a great experience that I highly recommend. It is a sad world to explore, but a very satisfying game to experience."
,Recommended,237990,14410414,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Onion,"In H1Z1: Just Survive, you’ll have to be cutthroat, resourceful, and alert to protect yourself from zombies, beasts, and the deadliest threat of all – your fellow humans.User reviews:RECENT:	Mixed (1,347 reviews)OVERALL:	Mixed (73,084 reviews)Release Date: Jan 15, 2015Popular user-defined tags for this product:Early Access Zombies Survival Open World +Tags you've applied to this product:+ Add your own tags"
,Recommended,237990,29548486,Posted: 28 January,all,roflmonkey,"Simple play mechanics, but a lovely story, which plays out differently based on the choices you make.A playthrough shouldnt take more than ten hours or so, which means if you are interested you can replay this game a few times to see the different ways events can unfold.Also, archers + giants are the bomb."
,Recommended,237990,29488703,Posted: 25 January,all,Magnus Grel,Playing the game on a Asus Tablet and It runs GREAT! Really enjoying the game thus far.
76561198099846011,Recommended,237990,15673138,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Captainredcoat,Just finished the game I love it. But no spoilers but the ending is so sad. :( And hype for Banner Saga 2!
,Recommended,237990,15691117,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Spellscape,Great game!
,Not Recommended,237990,15685536,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,God of Grunts,"I really wanted to like this game and it starts out so good, but after two playthroughs I can't recommend this game.There is so much potential. At the beginning we're introduced to Varls and Humans. We learn about the great wars against the Dredge. We're told the gods are dead and that the sun has stopped.But that's it. Basically the entire lore is summed up for you in three sentences. The combat is okay, but it's not really enough to make the game worth it and the last fight is magnitudes more difficult than any other fight in the game.Also, you have this weird economy/morale system that doesn't actually seem to affect anything.This seems like one of those projects that had a lot of promise, but ended up being to big and rushed out the door. It's short enough that you can just watch a Let's Play on YouTube and you won't miss out on anything."
76561198099533540,Recommended,237990,15685669,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Arista01,Pretty sweet game. Quite dark and depressing.
76561197991130013,Not Recommended,237990,15686518,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Batchman,"Story is presented in the most boring way possible, fights are good though ..."
,Recommended,237990,14724065,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,X-Sunshine99,"Wow. I feel like I've not just read a good book, but was part of one. Definitely worth it. Totally recommend this game."
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,237990,13870227,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gonzo191,"I went in to this game almost blind after seeing some promo and first impressions videos along with some reviews giving the game some positive praise. However to my surprise I don't like it based on some of its game mechanics. Let me preface this by saying I'm a huge fan of turn based tactics games (or at least Japanese ones) such as the venerable Final Fantasy Tactics, Front Mission 3-5, Disgaea series and Tactics Ogre which is why I was drawn to this game. Although the game is extremely beautiful it falters in certain aspects which make a pass for my tastes.Pros:The writing, graphics and audio composition are simply wonderful it fits the theme of the game nicely. You're in a viking setting trying to escape the end of the world driven by a scourge called the dredge. The gods are dead and it's up to you and some another race to work together in order to overcome your inevitable demise. Your choices ""matter"" during the dialogue aspect of the game as you can lead to your own demise a lot earlier the anticipated. Do you let this person join your caravan or do you kill him right where he stands. However upon letting him join he may betray you later in the game. It's all quite good if you like this type of player driven gameplay.Cons:While the game sounds and looks great it fails in the Action Sequences & Portraits, Enemy Variety, Skills, Combat and Ending.1. Action Sequences & PortraitsMy first issues is the way the story is conveyed to the player. Instead of a cut-scene you are given several character portraits during conversations. The is one major cut-scene near the start of the game however that is the only one all others are done via the portrait system.This wouldn't so much of a problem if it matched up with the action being told in the dialogue. One example of this is one of your characters may be injured in the story and you're told that he was stabbed and bloodied but when he 's shown it's his regular portrait with no link to what just happened. Why not just show me this sense of damage on his portrait.2. Enemy VarietyThe is only main enemy i.e. the Dredge and normal enemies i.e. humans and varls that's it. That means you'll be fighting the same enemies from the start of the game 'til the end. This wouldn't be such a problem if each type had more variety to them. The only ones which have variety is the Dredge and even still it's pretty boring.3. SkillsThere are no interesting skills in the game. I beat the game barely using any character's skills whatsoever. Firstly, every character only has 1 skill throughout the game and for the majority of the time it feels situational and useless. As you ""level up"" it will get more powerful however you are limited in its use as the use is governed by Willpower which is a non-renewable resource per battle which make some classes nearly useless when the run out of Willpower *hint: Menders. This system would have been great if all characters could rest by skipping their turn in order to regain it however only certain characters can do this.4. CombatI love and hate combat at the same time. Combat takes place on a grid where humans take up one square whilst varls take up 4. This forces you to think about your placement as improper placement will leave you hamstrung forcing some characters to miss a turn. Battles are governed by Armour|Strength system where the lower a unit's armour the more damage he'll take as opposed to the lower his strength the less damage he'll deal, so you'll have to choose which to go for. It's a fun system albeit simple.My complaint about combat is that the grid is completely flat without any variation to the geographical topography. Take for instance FFT where you have varying heights per battle grid allowing for more strategic depth in the case of archers having more vantage point point to shoot from, or placing your units around a corner to reduce the enemy's hit percentage. TBS lacks this and suffers in my opinion as battles often become boring and unexciting where it should be the major focus.5. EndingHa what a waste, really, ""x"" died because why? It could've been handled a whole lot better than that. Or maybe it's a set up for TBS pt2 who knows.Verdict:If you're a fan of the mechanical depth offered in Final Fantasy Tactics\XCom then I don't recommend this game for you as the systems implemented are too simple or lacking. However if it's your first foray into the turn based tactics genre then it's worth a play."
,Recommended,237990,13838641,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,shiori,"Best known viking setting.= Pros =* Rare viking phantasy setting with stern but attractive heroes, mythical giants, old gods shrines, axes & ice.* Stunning beauty of graphic style.* Pleasant, flexible & not stodgy battle mechanics with many skills combinations & various classes.* Spectacular story full of drama plot twists & many intriguing hints.* Nice folk OST.= Cons =* Bad save system which forced to replay one battle over & over.Fav track:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGM3Q1dVDP4Fav characters: Gunnulf, Rook, Alette, Eyvind.= 8/10 ="
76561198053236709,Recommended,237990,14699761,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kings,"I highly recommend this game.It has one of the most compelling stories of nowadays games, something that makes you want to move forward, for real. Also, it has the right level of complexity curve, as it demands more strategic thinking to the end of the game. Really beautifull art, great sound (I'm not a big fan of the musics, but they are really imersive), great experience overall. Haven't suffered with any bug.That Bellower tho..."
76561198057329435,Recommended,237990,14703391,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,drewslaughter187,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish; all except for the final boss. The game feels like you are deep inside a novel, which allows you to shape elements through the choices you make. Although the story itself is quite linear, the choices you are allowed to make feel dire and have direct consiquences to different characters in the story. I can honestly say the only thing I did not enjoy about this game is the final boss- without spoilers, the mechanics were just poorly designed. Not unbearable, just aggrivating. It took a few more tries to beat than I would have liked.If you enjoy reading novels of the fantasy genre, or enjoy games for the story behind them, you'll love this game. Though it was quite short, I feel that my money was well spent."
,Recommended,237990,14454786,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Primary,Started out with good intentions; save everyone from the Dredge. Crossing half the continent changes you. You're a whole different group on the other side.I love the art design and the huge variety of characters as well as its party-based combat. The story was compelling and losing the men and women of your caravan hurts. All the random encounters while traveling actually offered choice into things that come into play later in the game.Rook gotta get some of dat Oddleif
76561198142468680,Recommended,237990,14447337,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,yairrosenfeld1979,short  but a beautiful
76561198003420249,Recommended,237990,14578814,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Handy,"Excellent game. It captures a lot of the positives of old favorites like Final Fantasy Tactics, but simplifies and shortens the game into a very managable scale. While I'm usually a big fan of the larger scale and complexity, it works for this game. The music is tops, the art style is spot on, and the feel of the combat is visceral. You really feel each hit as you smash through your enemy's armor.Additionally, the non-combat story/choice aspect of the game feels very much like a Telltale game (i.e. Walking Dead) in that it's dark, tense, and your decisions have real consequences. You feel invested in the story, and when something breaks your way, it's a palpable relief.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237990,14590315,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CatDad500,This is the type of game you let non gamers play so that they understand the art of videogames. Quite possibly the best game I have played since Bioshock Infinite. Even if that isn't your taste this is a must have. Simply elegant and perfect. 10/10.
76561198025773141,Recommended,237990,14590324,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cpt.Mifune`,"If I was told that I'd be spending my money purely on an aesthetic product, I would willingly through my money at this. The artwork and soundtrack are brilliant, perhaps one of the best I've ever had the privilege to witness. The game also does a brilliant job of storytelling and adventure, and the various turn-based battles are sufficiently difficult to invest in a more strategic approach.The multiplayer is also fantastic, matches do not take long to find and are pretty balanced - you are matched against players based on your overall grand level total on all characters.Overall, a great buy and a great perspective on an alternate Viking time period."
76561198054226888,Recommended,237990,14641810,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,kexx42,"take oregon trail and fire emblem, throw it in a viking apocalypse, season with with that disney look to taste."
,Recommended,237990,14319856,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,tevish_szat,"The Banner Saga is just plain awesome.Which, I think, is extra impressive when you analyze just what makes it up -- it's pretty much what happens when you hybridize Fire Emblem and The Oregon Trail, not a pairing that sounds like it would work.  But with elegant mechanics and heaps of good writing, it DOES work, and I am immensely glad to have played it.About that writing... Most of the characters have personalities that are far better defined and explored in the little face time they may get than others manage with far longer.  The main characters (Rook, Alette, Haakon, Iver...) are quickly endearing and relatable.  You can understand what their goals are and you want to see them manage and make it through.  The side characters, though, are pretty entertaining in their own rights: Yrsa, Krumr, Egil... you'll get a chance to see a few great vingettes out of just about anyone you can recruit and field in battle.Beyond that, this is a stylish world.  It's well and very fully designed, and if I wasn't itching to get on with the game I could probably spend an hour or more just on the world map, looking at places the characters will never go and reading their stories.  The legends of the gods, the mysteries surrounding the main plot, and the hints of issues not quite adressed are all intensely interesting and make me hunger for more.The Banner Saga is a very good looking game too.  It's sad how few animated cutscenes there are, because the art (including the motion when it exists) is reminiscent of good '80s Disney animation, and even the still backgrounds to a good job of bringing that gorgeously detailed world to life.As to the gameplay, The Banner Saga is something special, or you could say that it's two games in one: The ""make choices and get results"" caravan resource management, and the tactical turn-based strategy combat.  They do intersect with one another: your currency for the game, Renown, can be spent on supplies to keep your caravan of NPCs alive, or on gear and/or level-ups for your fighters.  It can be a hard decision whether you need food or stats more.The combat is really, really well done: Players and enemies have two health totals: Their Strength, which acts both as traditional ""lose it all and you're out"" hit points and damage-dealing ability, and Armor, which has no concequences for running out but reduces strength damage taken.  You can attack either one, but not both without using some sort of special ability, and the game alternates between one player unit acting and one enemy unit acting: the fewer troops on a side, the more frequently each one sees its turn come around (at least until there's just one left standing).  It's a VERT simple system with very few random numbers involved, and yet it's quite compelling and strategically deep.  I really think the game makers hit on something great with it: the ebb and flow of a battle is controllable, and even small choices in combat can have far-reaching concequences.Which is, again, something of a theme for this game.  One arguable downside is that the overworld events are not random -- multiple playthroughs will see deterministic outcomes to the same choice, and most of the same choices (possibly all the same choices) presented at the same points in the game.  I actually like it, though: trial-and-error gameplay is more rewarding, to me at least, than blind-error gameplay."
76561198016936537,Not Recommended,237990,14480423,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,quasipants,"AI is less tactical and more petty than any I remember seeing in this kind of game.  An enemy will run past your front lines, with zero consideration for its own well being, just to score a kill, just to be killed the next round, which leads to the next issue.  There is no advantage to killing an enemy.  If you kill an opponent, it just reshuffles the turn queue, so instead of deaths demoralizing your enemy, they have the effect of granting him some kind of celerity, sometimes to comedic effect.I think they might have also forgotten to play test this game, as it is absolutely possible to end up railroaded into a loss.  Even on the last boss.  Who by the way, is a complete surprise.  But not in a good way, more in the ""Oh?  Is that it?"" way.  That game just ends, mid story.  Like it works its butt off to establish this large over arching story, only to drop it with no warning.  No sense of completion.The icing on the cake though is the ""decisions"" which are all guaranteed to make you feel like crap. You cant choose right.  This is another one of those no right answer games where you are given 4 options and they are all varying degrees of wrong.  Nothing good comes of making a decision in this game.All in all, a misery grind to the unexpected finish, but it lures you on with its potential."
,Recommended,237990,14486933,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,mattchu,"Beautiful graphics. Great story. I really enjoyed the turn-based, chess-style battles, which could be a turnoff for some. Do note, this game follows a narrative, so there is a path that the game will take you on regardless of the choices you make. I was not bothered by this as the story is really wonderful."
,Recommended,237990,14488179,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lomsor,"This is one hell of an adventure. A grand world with deep lore and characters to root for.The world feels so vivid, even though it is compromised animated hand painted stills. The music is fitting and pulls you in into that world. You can feel the danger your caravan moves trough.The caravan. The best part of the game in my opinion. It depicts you as the leader of it. Travelling this beautiful but war riddled lands. Posing decisions that affect your game all the way to the end. Combat is intriguing and difficult. Allowing you to use different tactics.I missed the conclusion of the story. Our heroes might be save ... but what about the threat. I'm sure there will be a sequel.I'll miss all those great characters. And also those that died."
,Not Recommended,237990,9220419,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Lanine,"Good first impression, and then it continues doing the same for hours on end. There's very little reason to play this game if you're looking for deep gameplay. This game would have been better as an interactive comic on an iPad or some such.If you're looking for something to keep you entertained,  get a book. This ""game"" is all hype. At 10 hours In I decided to call it. Started hating the combat, and started skipping the dialog, that's not a good sign for an RPG..If you are into RPG's purely for story, this game might have something for you, although I can't say I was impressed with the (insanely slow moving, almost final fantasian levels of slowness, glacial almost) story. At that point the story had gotten to a point where Dragon Age got during the first 10 minutes. And yeah, sort of your standard storyline. Some evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have resurfaced, laying waste to everything, bla bla bla, done."
76561198041476542,Recommended,237990,9226042,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,drapeaux,"If you're a lover of RPS/Strategy I really cannot recommend this game more highly. I played it through twice straight off with a few tweaks on my decision making second time round. This game is everything that good gaming in this genre should be, great graphics, very strong storyline, empathic characters, excellent combat that really makes you think about your actions and strategy. All power to your elbow Stoic you've set a new benchmark, please don't be long in getting the next part out I'm already getting withdrawal symptoms!"
,Recommended,237990,9035885,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shit Melman,The Banner Saga is an all-around masterpiece of a game.  It provides a surprisingly touching story surrounded by a fully realized mythos.  Add in one of the most rewarding combat systems I've expirienced and you've got quite the slam dunk.  Everyone should play this game.  By not doing so you're only depriving yourself.
76561197970702201,Recommended,237990,9038214,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ExplodingHamster,"Nice turn based strategy game with a refreshing gameplay mechanic. Strength is both hit points and hit power, which can only be damaged once armor is broken. Sounds simple but makes for quite a complex experience.Story is also not bad, with a very unusual viking scenario. I definitely enjoyed the game for the time it took to complete it. If you enjoy turn based strategy, this one is for you.If not, better stay away. :)"
76561198077262135,Recommended,237990,9038929,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Boner McSnuggles,This game does a great job of setting a mood and drawing you into the story and characters. An immersive soundtrack (produced by real instruments and musicians) and meaningful decision making create an unforgettable experience that leaves you wanting more. An excellent example of a video game as Art.
76561198039615585,Recommended,237990,9039455,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,the.billage,"Just for the art style alone, I really recommend this game. It's short, and the final bits of it are more than frustrating, but the immersiveness and style that Banner Saga oozes more than make up for its few faults. Vikings, EE's gorgeous art style and turned based combat. SOLD."
76561198022442573,Recommended,237990,9012296,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,masshop,"Well Banner Saga kinda ends a lil ♥♥♥♥ed up, Great Game and was worth the money but just a lil to hard the 2nd battle of the last battle on normal, I don't know how you could possibly beat it on normal without a perfect team with all the best loot and characters, ah♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe I can do better a second time around to be better prepared to beat it on normal, I sure as the ♥♥♥♥ hope so hahaha, but hey I guess it's meant to be so hard you have to have all the best characters, team, and treasures ♥♥♥♥in armor stuff type things that boost the players stats or whatever their called?, I thought I had a pretty good team of 4 varhl and the mage dude and rin I think her name is or som♥♥♥♥♥♥yellow shirt chick but you'll see who it makes you play with on the last fight that just ♥♥♥♥s right up your gameplan and leaves you unpreparred, pay attention to the most important characters and level them up accordingly, played the whole game on normal up until losing the 2nd fight with bellower over and over again like 50 times and then after not playing it for like a week I was just like ♥♥♥♥ it i'll beat the last batle on easy and it sucks cause is ridiculously easy and you kill every guy in one hit :( all and all I'd buy Banner Saga 2 but I hope they just give you more variety in different enemies to fight and a overall better variation in the team characters, mke them more unique to one another, ah♥♥♥♥♥♥ok games good if you like final fantsy tactics and these turn based strategy games then I'd recommend it to anybody as being money well spent just make sure you understand the tactical strategys of the battle system or you'll get ♥♥♥♥in slaughtered over and over again on normal lol,"
,Recommended,237990,9014554,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Man-Cheetah,It smacks of the grassroots budget it started with and it stops abruptly despite hinting at a vast and diverse game world.Hope there's more to this otherwise I feel you'd be overpaying by $20
76561197974096231,Recommended,237990,8952658,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,DirtyPudding,The great story is what keeps me coming back to this game.  I will admit the gameplay is repetitive and therefore I am only willing to play for short periods of time.  The combat screenshot is the only gameplay you get over and over and over again.   There is story interaction which are affected by the choices you make and can affect the pool of party members you can draw from.  6/10 biggest negative lack of gameplay variety.
76561198109530567,Not Recommended,237990,8954215,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Elmore Evans,"Repetitive, linear gameplay, save system is horrendous compared to modern games SINCE THERE IS NO SAVE BUTTON/OPTION. Dialogue leaves you in the dark about your decisions and I treated it as a guessing game where if you choose the wrong option, you can lose heroes where you invested so much of the game only currency which is renown. Another problem I have with the game is how the only way to gain anything useful in the game is through renown, and the only way to get it is through battle. You don't have the options to stop the caravan to search for food or alternative routes, which effectively make the in game map a waste of space, since you only travel through one route no matter what decisions you make. Overall, I was very disappointed in this game since I was expecting  it to be similar to the classic Fire Emblem games, but that would be an insult to that classic. This game is not worth the price tag. Avoid it, it is not worth your money."
76561198038725665,Recommended,237990,8954608,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,d.haysmer,"Very impressed with this game thus far.  Love the artwork, as well as the fact that the decisions that you make appear to have an impact on the short term outcome of the groups that you are trying to protect."
76561198051139111,Recommended,237990,16074107,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,dangercart,The SRPG genre doesn't get a lot of new releases these days. The Banner Saga is a well executed game set in an interesting world not tied o too many of the normal swords and sorcery tropes. The art and music are great and the characters are compelling and diverse. The game is a bit short for an SRPG but great value at the price and it certainly feels like a world that they could build out with future games. If there are sequels I'll happily buy them and I recommend this game as both a standalone SRPG and as an entry into what will hopefully be an expanding game world.
76561198031747827,Recommended,237990,16087914,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,He Doesn't Row,"As fractured as the game is, it is fantastic and beautiful.This is the kind of thing worth supporting."
76561197972138867,Recommended,237990,16081637,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ViolaJay,"Great for laptop gaming while traveling.  I purchased it because I'm a Taylor Davis fan (she played violin tracks).  But the tactical game part grew on me.  Story, no.  Choices do not have significant consequences.  Played it several times, though, as I travel a lot.  Doesn't drain batteries too much. :)"
,Recommended,237990,15863646,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ЭЄ | calvryn,A Beautifully made game with a driving and compelling story like nothing else out there right now.  You are torn from decision to decision with real consequence at every turn.  No doubt you will play the game and wish it went on forever.
76561197974130130,Recommended,237990,15707364,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,murdocj,"I love Banner Saga.  It feels simple, but the tactical combat has subtlety, and is unique with the ""break armor / attack strength"" decision.  The storyline holds your interest.  It's not a classic min/max guess what choice gives you the maximum reward storyline.  You are managing the caravan against all odds, making tough choices, and sometimes you just don't know ""the right thing to do"".  The artwork is simple, yet utterly engaging.  If you enjoy a good story and turn-based combat, buy it."
,Recommended,237990,15979720,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lolthulhu,"Gripping. Brutal. Depressing. Beautiful. These are the first words that come to mind, grasping for a way to describe this game. I feel like gameplay is the best place to start in describing a game, so consider the combat. Turn-based and simple seeming at first glance (with each unit having one active, skill which automatically levels up, and one passive skill, which doesn't), the ""health is damage"" element makes every hit hurt. You hear the sound and see the little animated guy stagger and think, ""we're all gonna die,"" and you're sometimes right, and then Egil dies. I can only name one game to have had this feature in the past, an old Gameboy Color title named Legend of the River King...So anyways, grim terror all around, right? You're in charge of two different massive groups of people from opposite ends of the world whose storylines intertwine as they flee an endless invading army of tree-sized replicas of Disney's Iron Giant (tm) - which are similar to humans except for having really thick armor, which you usually have to hurl your puny humans and awesome giants (did I mention you control massive horned nordic giants created when a god crossed humans with some kind of magic Ox?) against repeatedly before damaging their health, and then Egil dies.The music is nice, and they put a little bit of voice acting into some random scenes narration as your little grimdark 80s Disney army slowly walks across doomed countrysides, constantly interjected by storyline pop-ups wherein mostly bad things happen, or you get something good but it causes a tragedy later, or Egil dies, or all of the above. I would describe the game's feel overall as Last Unicorn meets Gears of War/Dark Souls, except maybe don't praise the Sun here, because did I mention the Sun just stopped in the sky for no reason? Hail to the Great Serpent.Spoiler Tips: Try not to starve to death, fight whenever possible to afford rations, don't level up or put gear on the people who are going to be randomly killed off (and their gear vanishes when they do so), rest maybe, and don't level like any of the varl but Hakon and Gunnulf (Gunnulf can also die unless you shout at him a lot). Don't level Egil, he's going to die. I know, he's useful, but he's also not going to make it. Not your first time through. It's like surviving your first run in Sunless Sea, just get over it.10/10"
76561198046669950,Recommended,237990,16108401,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Privilege Checker,i liked it
76561198023507159,Recommended,237990,16104760,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This game isn't for everyone.  I purchased this game months ago and found the combat vague and the setting with giant Varls, humans, Dredges, and Gods to be somewhat dense.  It doesn't help in that regard that the character and place names look like they were barfed out of a scrabble box with lots of extra As and Es and Ys thrown in.But I gave this game a rest and a second chance and I'm really glad I did.  The environment is superb, the characters well formed, and the combat is satisfying and rich with tactical potential.  The story?  The story is as epic as advertised and everyone says it is.  The art direction...which I admit at first put me off...is perfect for this game and RPG experience.  I wish there were more games that had as much style as this one.This game is and will hopefully continue in the future to be an RPG and turned based classic.It's very good and I highly recommend it to anyone willing to give it more than a passing glance."
76561198123783241,Recommended,237990,16092888,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Fiona Goode,"When i first saw this game i will admit i was a bit skeptical about the combat, turn based games have never been my favorite but i gave 'the banner saga' a chance. And I'm glad i did. This game is amazing, the concept and lore of the game is so clever and i just think the amount of detail put into this gave is mind blowing. The fact that there is a detailed map which is interactive with small descriptions for each city/town is incredible. I put 'the banner saga' as one of my favorite games of all time without hesitation."
76561198048170421,Recommended,237990,16101573,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mr.MojoRising,"Nice game, really worth buying. A game that challenges and plays with your morality, comparable to ""Papers Please"" or this war of mine."
,Recommended,237990,15871221,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Dr Manhattan,"I am definitely not a strategy games expert, but mechanics are fairly easy to learn and master. Combat may lack variety and the rpg side don't seem to affect much the storyline.But on the graphic side the game is SIMPLY STUNNING and I highly recommend buying it even only to enjoy a visual journey. I care much about the visual side of every game I play and couldn't have hoped for a more beautiful execution. The landscapes, the designs, the colors and the soundtrack as well make you feel like you are in between an animation short movie and a children's book.If you like fairytale-like graphics this is a must."
,Recommended,237990,15819334,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,sc_wolf_00,"A beautiful game all the way 'round.  I enjoyed the story, artwork, music, combat...everything fit together just right.  Really felt the weight of some of my choices, especially when things didn't go as planned.  Will have to do another run to see if there are any subtle differences based on actions, winning/losing certain fights, etc."
76561198018357482,Recommended,237990,15821707,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,kaffeslurk,Winter is coming and Egil is about to die!
76561198087689958,Recommended,237990,15890174,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,zbself,"Awesome game!:)Vikings, mead, and some magic to boot!:))Beautifully detailed graphics, fitting soundtrack, both likeable and dislikeable characters coupled with an amazing story with a great finale!:))Turn based combat is spot on and the caravan sections are equally entertaining!!!:))A must play!!!:)))"
76561198001068038,Recommended,237990,15893321,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,GustaRhymes,"I really liked the story; it had a great hopeless, sort of end-of-time feeling to it. The music was also great and the combat was fairly original. At the least, i've not played a game with a similar system to how armor/strength work in this. Only downside is that it seems pretty short i guess."
76561198033586806,Recommended,237990,15908935,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tangiaros,amazing
,Recommended,237990,15839491,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Blaze,"An interesting story with some nice tactical combat. Be careful of your choices and decision, they carry a weight. Lives will be lost."
,Recommended,237990,16027887,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SpwnMoarOverlrds,Auggh! So hard! These Bio devs must be the guys that developed DA:O back in the day because that was the only other game I am unable to finish on hard difficulty...Darn you guys for shattering my precious EGO
76561198006897566,Recommended,237990,16013892,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jonsense,"Spectacular tone, music, graphics and gameplay. A must have for any fans of games that include difficult, meaningful choices and grid based tactical combat."
,Recommended,237990,16018224,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Eitttlane,Challenging gameplay and a mature story set in an interesting world combined with very nice art style and a beautiful soundtrack.
,Recommended,237990,16140934,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,anyio,I got halfway through the game when they killed off this kid I was keeping alive and I realized I would have to restart the game to keep that from happening so I stopped playing. It scratched the XCOM itch so that was nice.
,Not Recommended,237990,16141440,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,nexussage02,"The Linux version of this doesn't work and is completely broken, unlike all my other games. It could just be me, sort of like The Witcher 2 has a command line fix on my distro, and I am not bothered by that and it fixes that, but I've seen nothing on this game talking about this broken game. The first battle looks bonkers and everything is upside down and mixed up, barely even distinguishable at all. You can hear sound but even that is really messed up. I believe this is an Android port. I would not not recommend this on Linux, perhaps the Android game is ok I wouldn't know I don't have a phone or a Nvidia Shield or anything. I am sorry to post a bad review but this is the only game in my library that is totally and fully broken."
76561198027103160,Recommended,237990,13426338,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Tidaldust,"What's good: setting, art direction, strategic combat. The story fits the setting well, with characters coming, dying, leaving, betraying seemingly ad hoc. There could be more of this - it would make the game more replayable if more of the character-driven events only had odds of happening rather than a certainty. There shouldn't be any ""right"" decisions, simply ones more likely to succeedHow to make it better: The Oregon Trail metagame is broken - resource decisions don't carry over between chapters, there are no consequences to starving your people, and this dashes the illusion of consequence that the setting creates. The dialogue is terrible, frequently using modern colloquialisms that have no place in the setting. Overall, richer character development would be key, as it would heighten the feeling of loss at perma-death."
76561198033493463,Recommended,237990,13488782,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,indieboy,"Please remember that it's only the first part of a longer story, some reviewers seemed to believe that the ending left a lot of lose ends and didn't realize that's because the story is not over!!!All and all I really liked Banner Saga. Of course like any game there are things I wished were different or added but a small studio backed by a Kickstarter delivered an excellent game. I'm hoping that with the next chapter they'll be able to create an even large and more depthful (is that a word) game.(+) Pros:- Great graphics. It would make sense considering that was one of the main points of the game and yet I still found more than I expected.- Awesome concept. While most of the overall ideas were stolen from Norse mythology it was still very much original.- Replayablility. I've now played it 3 times through...- Very detailed world (The Map feature really helps to put everything in to perspective as well as give you random unnecissary info. Which I always find is a nice touch.)- Survive not win. While my first play through I tried to save everyone who seemed innocent/protect every man woman and child while making the desicions the benifited everyone. I found this is any easy way to gain a lot of mouths to feed and lower your morale as well as get swindeled by cons. You can't save everyone!(-) Cons: (though many they don't outway pros at all)- Small fields of battle. With any battle having a max number of units you could use, (6 I believe) I felt a bit restricted in my tactics. I'd like to see some very large scale battles.- Very linear. I understand the game is very story oriented and so it's probably not going to get to far off track, but I would like to see a bit more mobility in my decisions.- Consequences and rewards of actions usually mean little. While one wrong choice could mean never recruiting a character or losing one for the most part it made little difference. The overall play and story stayed the same.- Dialoge was lacking a bit which caused me to have little attachment to many characters. For example, while Krmur's side notes where amussing and made me like him, Mogan/Hogan, Egil, Griss, Sidjborun?, etc. could have all died and I wouldn't mind much.- Unused potential. I feel like the amount of back story and such aloud for a lot more to happen than did but there will be further story so with time I guess.- Lack of diversity in unit types. While the smaller maps made this detail not matter as much as it would have otherwise I still wish there were more units and unit types to choose from.- Clansmen, fighters, varl numbers mean little in the actual game other than having a lotmeans less food useable for resting days to improve morale. While on the travel screen you will encounter Dredge armies and it will read something along the lines of ""132 Dredge, You have 87 fighters and 49 varl."" You can then choose different options that balance between loss of your men vs. how many dredge You will have to fight yourself. In the end I always chose Charge! for the extra kills and renown. If your counter on the map screen says 0 clansmen, 0 fighters, and 0 varl I imagine the game wouldn't change much.FInal Thoughts:The game is great. While I believe it could have been much more but the studio didn't have a ton of resources to work with. it's also worth taking note that it was funded by a kickstart and wasn't put together by a giant studio. I believe after the success they've seen with this game Stoic will hopefully be able to put together a much stronger game with Banner Saga 2. The game was worth the money."
,Recommended,237990,13505297,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Darkurthe,"First and foremost Banner Saga is a beautiful game.  The graphics are perfect for the kind of it tires to tells, it has a timeless and epic feel...sort of.  The qualifier comes into play because this is not a saga.  Frankly it is a half complete game and when you get to the end (of which there are some interesting twists) you will absolutely be left asking ""is that all there is?""  I have no issue with splitting a larger story arc into multiple games, but Banner Saga ends on such a note that it feels like the developers just walked away from the plot or ran out of money.Lets get into the guts of Banner Saga.  The character building is okay and the choices you make definately have an impact though what a character can or cannot do is railroaded or platued.  The combat is fun, at first, but it gets very predictable and repeditive.  Attack armor, attack health on occasion do something interesting with an ability.  The AI is predictable, simple and will spike their own units as often as doign it to your's.  What usually happens is enemies are going to try an dog pile one PC and don't really do anything interesting or neat.  As well, there is no concept of area of control, charcters can move willy-nilly.  The pooled willpower (the stat that allows for extra effort / actions) is a neat concept that can tilt a battle.Banner Saga's story is incomplete, but even with that huge detriment there are lots of interesting dialogie options and choices.  Some only come to fruition much later.  There are also some  bugs or very poor design choices.  For example waiting for a certain PC that never shows up.   A quick prodding after a day or two would have helped that, but the game will absolutely let you wait until you lose.  Likewise there are plot points where it feels very procedural and check list.  If you do stuff out of sequence or not in a way the developers dictate you will lose the game.  With modern programming and design this is a cardinal sin.  Also the dialogue at times is hard to follow as Banner Saga does not do a good job making sure it is clear who is saying what.The brass tax?  Banner Saga is worth picking up?   Yes, if it is on sale.  By on sale I mean for about five bucks.  It is not a very long game when you consider outside of fighting some very repeditive battles and some annoying long cut scenes (get used to lots of scrolling that you cannot fast forward through) it is about an hour long game."
76561198010885180,Not Recommended,237990,13510346,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Thad,"i have yet to finish this game but so far i feel like this game is just ment to make you feel depressed! i bought this game during the winter sale on recomendation of a good friend. during the first part of the game it felt like a normal indie game trying to do something diffrent but pretty early on the background music, the lack of any sound at all ( at certain moments) other then lame fighting sounds started to bother me, the cutscenes if you can call em that shouldeve at least have some nice music in there! the voice acting thats absent is a pity but not a giant letdown,look at final fantasy, golden sun and others a good background music doesn't make reading a chore, in this game it does feel like a chore...when you are past the halfway point in the game and you are doing long treks from east to west the supplies that are needed to keep youre company of travellers alive starts to become a immense annoyance rather then a logistics game.  you should need to try and arrange it along the lines of: x days to point 1 i need Y amount of supplies. the game rather makes you suffer, as it does not give any info about the journey just a map where you can see the travel route. well guess the travel route. so i decided to take too many supplies, what did the game do ? every moment it got it tried to rip me off and screw me over! it will take those supplies and trow you a nice middlefinger along the way. take too little and well youre also ♥♥♥♥ed as it will stil trow some bumps along the way.on top of that, the battles in the game are pretty stale, the field is always the same. my main annoyance about the battle system is that most of the units have diffrent abilitys and so far i have only found 1 combo between these abilitys, wich for me is a huge disapointment. altough the hp of the mobs takes a diffrent form in this game as its closely tied to youre armour and strenght. lose armour take more dmg, take dmg you dont hit as hard.  this is a pretty nifty and real simulation of how it would be in real life this makes the battles more interesting ( altough this also has its downsides)had they put more time into the battle end of the game it wouldeve gotten me way more excited about the game as a whole.  and maybe even made me give it a thumbs up. atm i'm stil hoping of finishing the game, but it started to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off enough to write a revieuw before i finished it..."
76561197993666046,Recommended,237990,13523883,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Xedar,"Really nice atmosphere in this game. I like the art style of the landscapes which contributes nicely to the epic storyline. Also the music is absolutely fantastic :)Gameplay in combat can be somewhat repetetive, but the rest of the game more than makes up for it. Even though combat  probably makes up for about 50% of the game time, it feels as though it is a minor part of the game.I love this game"
,Recommended,237990,13467978,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ferox,gg
76561198062769729,Recommended,237990,13472249,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Service Howler Monkey,"Turn-based strategy in the classic style. The pace is somewhat slower than average due to certain enemies feeling like damage sponges, even more so than X-Com for example. There are also Oregon Trail elements of maintaining supplies and moral, and encountering semi-random events that can affect them. The learning curve felt long for me, as I didn't become completely comfortable with using all of the combat mechanics to my advantage until late in the campaign, which took me approximately 13 hours to complete not counting times replaying a few missions (Normal difficulty). I do intend to replay it on Hard difficulty. Polish is top-notch, with beautiful art in the style of european animation, lots of orchestral music, and limited but very good voice work. The story is intense, somber, and takes quite a few unexpected twists and turns. By no means a feel good plot."
,Recommended,237990,13529455,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JuicenSalsa,"One of my favorite turn-based strategy games I've played in some time! The writing and characters are all amazing. The music and artwork are gorgeous The battles can be tough and unforgiving at times, but never so hard to just make you want to give up at any point. I CANNOT wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,237990,13796817,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lloyd Christmas,"Great story and gameplay. Fun for the strategy game lover for sure. My only suggestion is for there to be a better teaching system for how the different classes, abilities, options, and choices work within the game."
,Not Recommended,237990,13798567,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,hysel,"This is by far one of the most punishing, depressing, boring games i ever played.Where to start, the game itself is quite beautiful on the eye but you will spend most of you time just watching the caravan walking on and on and on (I never found the ""skip"" button)The story is ""good"" but it has an overall depressing narrative to it. I might be missing smoothing here has I am not familiar with Viking loreCombat will occur 10% of times (the other 90% is “Wanted” in conversation and watching the caravan walk) and when it does, this game will punish you over and over again and it doesn't allow you setup you forces on the plane and there is a disturbing tendency for your characters to miss or die unexpectedly before they even had one turn to play.It like the developers wrote a piece a code that will always have the player in a disadvantage.Combined with the depressing narrative, you will find yourself depressed as well and wounding why the #$@#$@#$ you spent time and money on this game.I usually don't write reviews but man, this game really made me angryI really recommend the developer  to understand that the most basic rule of a game is to have fun and unfortunately thisis not a fun game"
,Recommended,237990,13799356,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,*sAwCe*,Fun game! Enjoyed the tatical fighting style and that your in game decisions alter the story. Would buy on sale again.
,Recommended,237990,13809605,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Budbassist,"Fantastic art, great pacing and a group I really came to care about. Hurry up with the rest of it though!! Once you become familiar with the combat system the game really opens up in terms of possibility for fights."
,Recommended,237990,13810818,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Voxx,"This game is visual beautiful. The world they created just pulls in you. The only short coming for this game is that I wish it was longer, it was rather short."
76561198073494098,Recommended,237990,13813153,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,melimet,I r8 8/8
,Recommended,237990,13813243,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mau'Dib,♥♥♥♥♥ good but mad hard
,Recommended,237990,13814772,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,javalasers,"This game casts a slow but wonderful spell. The turn-based tactical combat is interesting enough to keep you hooked initially. But by the end, it's the worldbuilding that has snuck up on you and fully drawn you in to this bleak, rich tale.This is not a perfect game: combat is somewhat repetitive, without enough new elements introduced over time to keep things fresh. And there's enough randomness and unpredictability (in combat setups and in the frame story) to make the tactical piece unsatisfying from a pure, chess-like perspective.However, overall the game hangs together well, and is a compelling experience. Great world-building, great visuals, great soundtrack, and combat that takes some initial concentration and thought to master, even if it slightly overstays its welcome. I'm already looking forward to the sequel!"
76561198134434082,Recommended,237990,13750621,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SnufflesConquersHell,"When is the next version coming out?!!! I want to buy/play it. I absolutely loved this game!!!!! - I have found myself playing for months. It really has turned me on to turn-based games.A big plus is the music and I found myself really caring for the characters - especially Gunnulf: I felt very bad when I lost him on my first play of this game. I also have enjoyed making different choices in subsequent replays and seeing how the game is affected.I also like that this game comes from a small, independent studio (I like to support small business), especially one that is very responsive to players (at least on Steam)The only con is that some of the story elements don't really resolve in the story Arc like I would like (such as the whole sun stuck in the sky thing). I assume this will take care of itself in the next installment. (And admittedly on the replay some of the long conversations get a bit tedious, but I'm afraid to breeze through those too fast and make choices I wouldn't want that would affect the story)."
76561198042148905,Recommended,237990,13753479,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Dude,"This game is like the Fire Emblem series, except with a darker tone and a mix of a turn based tactics game mixed with some elements from tough choices games. Here's some Pros and Cons:Pros:1. Nice music2. Nice graphics3. Game makes you feel like your choices matter which for the most part they do4. Great story5. Unique combat system similar to FF Tactics or other turn based games where your party and enemies move around on a grid.Cons:1. Limited variation of enemies2. Few boss fights3. Few cutscenes4. Limited voice acting5. Game leaves more questions than answers in terms of storySummary:Overall I give this game an 8.5 out of 10 because even though it has its faults there are more great things about this game than its flaws. Luckily the sequel to this game is coming soon enough (as there is a trailer that was released for the sequel at the beginning of December that looks pretty good) and chances are it will improve on the Banner Saga and work out most if not almost all of the cons I said above. If you like rpg strategy games with choices involved look no further. If not then chances are you won't enjoy this game much. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,237990,8944118,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,MistressMunchies,"Great game, but WAY too short. They cut it off just as things are getting good. The characters and story are engaging, and the combat is pretty fun. Still, might be best to wait for it to be on sale if you're planning to buy."
,Recommended,237990,8944136,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Edgetroll,"With all the events that unfolded withKing.comI was expecting to spend my time enjoying a game of organizing pieces of candy by color, albeit to a stylized viking backdrop. Imagine my disappointment when Banner Saga not only deviated from the in-depth matching system we’ve all come to know and love, but the game in question didn’t even feature a candy in sight.  Needless to say, this is probably the worst game in the series for the makers of Candy Crush.  It’s almost as if it was made by an entirely different studio, with an entirely different game in mind.  That said, despite disappointment at the lack of candy and or matching, the game turned out to be beautiful in its own right.http://www.gamerassaultweekly.com/2014/01/31/banner-saga-no-candies-in-sight/"
76561198080161624,Recommended,237990,8945691,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,actone1,"Loved the game, in fact i liked it so much that if there is no sequel i will be extreamly sad! 4.5 stars."
,Recommended,237990,8945716,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Earthspeed,"It took me one session before I felt at home in the game—initially I found it too slow. By the second session I felt much more involved in the story and characters. The combat in particular was slower than what I was used to. I ended up really enjoying that aspect of the game as well.As I got deeper into the game, I came to appreciate how it really giving me the sense that my decisions had an impact. The art was wonderful, and the story was very nice. I thought that the end of the game wasn't as strong as I would have liked: it turned out there were a few bugs and the story's ending was just OK imo (and I made a bad decision that made it... more difficult that it should have been.)The art, music, dialogue and voice overs were quite compelling. For someone who hasn't played an RPG to the end in many years, I found this to be many hours of fun!"
76561198058550512,Recommended,237990,8945928,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Dillon112,"The Banner Saga is a fantastic game, with an emotional, gritty and exciting storyline that makes you question your every decision, forced to pick the lesser of two evil outcomes is never easy and you will often see yourself staring at the screen for long periods of time just to pick one.the art style is beautiful and the combat is difficult with a good learning curve but unless you are a tactical master you will see yourself dying quite a few times.though i could say more and more, every second of this game is a spoiler, so your just going to have to play it."
76561198057505573,Recommended,237990,8947019,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,mpernille,"Beatiful backdrop drawings, bur the game itself is a bit to boring for my taste."
,Recommended,237990,8949437,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SayDiscordia,10 of 10. It will impress you.
,Recommended,237990,8949574,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Chillmaster1000,You like tactical rpgs? You like a good story? Then get this.This game is nicely polished with some mezmerizing artwork and soundtrack. The combat system is complex enough to make it compelling to want to play more. The combat can be quite unforgiving at times and you should really think carefully on how you spend your points into characters/supplies and even on which dialog options you pick as this has direct influence on how your journey will infold.Only negative thing about this game for me is that this game uses an autosave system and you cannot manually save before a game.
76561197993823776,Recommended,237990,9615888,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Toxiceuphoria,"This game blew me away. I was a bit skeptical going in, but pleasantly surprised. To put it plainly, it is just really fun to play. The music is also great. This reminded me of the tactical games I used to enjoy playing. Definitely recommend. My only complaint is that it's not twice as long. We need some DLC for this game. Stoic, you put it out, we'll buy it. Exceptional game. A true no brainer."
76561198130535095,Recommended,237990,9629904,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Xanflins,Simply amazing! Just too short.
76561198048449337,Recommended,237990,9630477,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Lobosable,"Words cannot express how brilliant this game is; But i will try to.-Surprisingly deep combat strategy.-An excellent and beautiful narrative-Wonderful plot and lore-Unique art style-Many, Many choicesJust get this game if you haven't"
,Not Recommended,237990,9631496,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,rpundurs,"To begin, the good points: the artwork and the music. If The Banner Saga were a coffee table book and an album of Scandinavian folk music, it would be gorgeous. However, it is sold as a game, and that is where it falls short.You will fight the same battle, against the same 4 enemies, on the same battlefield, over and over again without any need to change your strategy or adapt to new conditions. Every battle in the game is depressingly interchangeable up until the final boss battle, which is as frustrating as it is unrewarding. I can say confidently that I have never faced a game with such an unbelievably ridiculous difficulty spike in the final boss encounter. I came very close to leaving the game unfinished, before I realized that the game difficulty can be changed midstream. There is no shame in a quick switch to easy mode.You will confront numerous scripted events during the course of your caravan's travel - and indeed, much of the playtime will be spent staring at an attractive cutscene of your little band traipsing across the landscape - where a wrong answer will result in the death of a party member. Leveling your party costs Renown, which is in limited supply and cannot be ground for. No matter how much Renown you have invested into a character, when an event hits, if you pick one of the three wrong options among the four presented, that character will die and will never come back. The game gives no indication whatsoever what the right answer is. That's not replayability, that's cruelty (or more likely incompetence). There is no shame in constantly alt-tabbing over to a walkthrough. Oh, and did I mention that you can't save the game at will?You will find features that are obviously unfinished - the Map screen is one such, which presents a vast world filled with places and lore (rife with grammatical and spelling errors) that you will never ever get to see or interact with in any way. Commanding your caravan's warriors in battle is another, where your options boil down to ""fight a battle with your party"" or ""lose the game."" Of course, these real outcomes are obscured by the game presenting 5 opaquely-described options to you when you have an opportunity to fight one of these battles.You will constantly wish that there were more to do in this game. The character customization options are very limited, the caravan portion of the game is pretty much automatic, the battles are monotonous, and the events are both arbitrary and unfair. This game is not worth the $25 Stoic is asking. A start-to-finish playthrough will take you 10 hours if you're a slow reader and lose battles constantly. There is no replay value, and indeed, looking back on my experience, I find there to have been little play value in the first place.The Banner Saga makes me worry about the games I've personally Kickstarted, because it is a disaster mitigated only by its lush artwork and soundtrack."
,Recommended,237990,9632094,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,catknight1,"So, I've played about 8 hours and reached the end of what's planned to be the first of three chapters.   Is 8 hours worth $30?  Normally I'd say no, but Banner Saga might be the exception.As I'm writing this, I'm slightly shaken.  It wasn't the ending I hoped for, though certainly the ending I earned.  The fact it had such a powerful emotional impact should tell you how good of a role-playing game this is.The combat system is..different.  Some call it bugged, but I like it.  Where the game really shines though is the dialogue boxes.  The choices you make WILL change the game's results.  You also find yourself getting to know and becoming attached to some of the characters.  The story isn't the most original I've seen, but I've seen far, far worse.  The world itself is very well detailed.The 'economic' system is also unusual:  You earn renown for certain feats or defeating baddies.  Renown is used to level your characters up....and buy magic items...and buy food, which your caravan is going to need if it's to survive.  This forces you to make some hard decisions:  My caravan starved for two days because I wasn't thinking and used my precious renown to level up a character.It's a great RPG.  As I said, quirky combat system, but the storytelling is superb."
,Recommended,237990,9633385,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"The Banner Saga is a Strategy RPG that puts the story and choices first.  The combat is standard SRPG affair with its own unique splattering of classes and abilites.  The story was definately the highlight of the game, it was a sweeping, fantastic Epic.  Your choices in this game actually matter and the effects of those choices might not come to light until many days later.  I absolutely loved the art style.9/10Playtime: ~ 17 hrs"
,Recommended,237990,16705892,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Action Hero Daft Punk,everyone I love is dead
76561198101418561,Recommended,237990,16604012,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ArthVader,"Real good, 10/10 would buy again"
,Not Recommended,237990,16604309,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Blitz,"I really like some of the core concepts of this game.  It combines oregon trail with something like fire emblem or FF Tactics and if it were just that I would probobly love this game to death.Unfortunately, I can't reccomend this game because there is such an overwhelming amount of unneeded and completely uninteresting storyline you are constantly forced through.  I just popped back in to play, for example, and couldn't actually play any game for over 10 minutes because I had to watch 80's style cartoon characters I couldn't care less about blather on to each other.  I'd hate to know how long it would have taken had I not been wildly clicking to just get past it.To conclude, the gameplay here is awesome except you rarely get to play the game.  Most of the time is simply spent wasting time in a way that isn't even entertaining."
,Recommended,237990,16604415,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,abraksil,Quite a nice game.
76561198012238851,Not Recommended,237990,16605678,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,EchosDance,"I really tried to like this game. I have been looking at it for several weeks and when it popped up on Steam Sale, I was thrilled. However, I just can't get past the turn based fighting style which is very confusing and challenging. I only could stick with it for the first chapter and can't continue.  Definately not a game for beginner strategist or players.  I would not recommend for anyone looking for somthing fun and easy.  Just not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,237990,16606035,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Criz da Wiz,"Beautiful artwork, involving storyline, and fun little battles"
76561198201252005,Recommended,237990,16606231,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,gary,Great game fun to play
,Recommended,237990,16608846,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,medivh did nothing wrong,"Classic Disney visuals, really unique gameplay, and set in an amazing Viking world that sometimes feels as dark as Game of Thrones - seriously can't recommend this enough, and I seriously can't wait for the sequel. The writing, gameplay, and music are among the best I've ever experienced."
76561198107214897,Recommended,237990,16609422,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Eärendil,"This is a beautifully crafted game that does not leave you hanging anywhere. The comabt system is a wonderful and very indepth although not the best unit turn-based arena style. The artwork is gorgeous, and the soundtrack is amazing. The RPG elements are some of the best implemented in any RPG I have seen in years, with every choice leading to major consequences. All of your decisions that you make are imcredibly important and can lead to problems much latter in the game. The characters are memorable, and their well-being will have you gripping your keyboard. This game tugs at your heart strings and leaves you an emotional wreak at the end of the game. I completely utterly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,237990,16418616,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ARE YOU NOT INTO TRAINS!?,"The art style is beautiful, the story is great as well.  The dialogue can be confusing at times--like the characters' thoughts jump way too far ahead in the scene than what they should be, and I wish every character had voice acting and that there was more animation (those are the only true downers I've experienced).  Otherwise, combat is fun and challenging, but easy to understand.Well worth the $5 sale price. Would recommend purchasing even at $10 (I rarely buy games not on sale).ADD ON:Now that I've officially played one whole playthrough of the game--holy cow.The ending is absolutely beautiful.  There are few games that have made me cry, but this is probably the most emotional end to a game I've seen in a while.  It was like LOTR all over again.The game made me question, heavily, how I could have done things differently. But, this game reminded me that we all must succumb to our fate.I am VERY excited for the next game in the saga--I have some notion as to what it might entail!10/10 would date Alette."
76561198011002312,Recommended,237990,16612089,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Castor Troy,"Awesome, simple game with a compelling story and great art.  Very replayable."
76561198028985014,Recommended,237990,16612101,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Plasma007,"Part Fire Emblem, Part Oregon Trail. I'm a big fan of Fire Emblem, and enjoyed the combat choices and hero upgrade choices. Unfortunately, anytime I wasn't in combat it felt like a really beautiful exam. Enjoyed the great music and fun landscapes, and periodically answered a multiple choice question so my heroes didn't die, or I didn't lose supplies, etc. This game would benefit greatly from an alternate game mode focused on all combat. Replayability was very low for me, as I had no desire to slog through the text interface again."
76561198015328846,Not Recommended,237990,16615574,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Niktuku,Stupid arbitrary choose your own adventure style choices that make as much sense as it did in the books is fantastic for a read when you can go back and go well that sucked and pick up reading from where you left off. This game ? Its a god darn trial and error choice system that forces you to redo entire battles if you pick the wrong choice. I simply got tired of choices that made no sense and would randomly kill charectors off because you know you tried to save a cart or something.
76561198022223005,Recommended,237990,16762187,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Raaka,Brilliant. Good story and a turn-based classic to boot.
,Recommended,237990,16770737,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dian3.zilla,"cool story, cool gameplay, cool desings, cool animation, kind of short"
,Not Recommended,237990,16812202,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Schakal,"There is a lot to love about this game. The art is beautiful, the story is enchanting, the combat is solid though improvable.And just when you think the story is going somewhere after many twists and turns, it's suddenly over, leaving you somewhere between confusion and rage. Let me restate this more clearly: The game ends when you think it's actually starting up for good.In that light it doesn't look so pretty anymore, and the story isn't one, it's a fragment, in the middle of a much larger story that is hinted at but never explored. In light of the sudden ending, some game mechanics actually stop making sense (which is to say, everything to do with travel is ultimately pointless cause the pros and cons you're supposed to weigh turn out to be irrelevant to the story and you could always have chosen one way and been better off for it).While this is a beautiful game still, it's half of one at most, and the sudden end is just heartwrenching in so many ways. I can't recommend anyone buy this with a good conscience. As much fun as you might have along the way, it'll only leave you unsatisfied."
,Recommended,237990,16812375,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[DILDO] Dangertits,Do you like RPG's? Do you like rich story driven games? Do you like having choices that actually effect the story? Do you love beautiful art and music? If you answered yes to any of these STOP READING AND JUST BUY IT!11/10
76561197997595735,Recommended,237990,16005189,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,yourheadasplode,"If you like what you see in the screenshots and videos on the store page I can only say that this is exactly the game you want it to be.  It is a bit of a mashup of Oregon Trail and Final Fantasy Tactics with a great, Viking/fantasy story and beautiful visuals.  The world is richly detailed and immense, with plenty of room for more stories than the one presented in the game, which I hope to be the first of many.  As many have pointed out before me, the worst I can say about this game is that there isn't more of it-- it took me a bit more than a solid day to play through.  The story does end abruptly but there will be a sequel.  I will certainly be buying it."
,Recommended,237990,9461154,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jeesuz,"A viking epic with an interesting storyline, good characters and nice combat system. I REALLY recommend this game, but bear in mind that the end seems to cut somewhat short and leaves room for a likely sequel."
76561198044924739,Recommended,237990,9461407,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,UncivilHades,"Artwork is great,game play is classic turn based and brings you back to the old school rpg's .....cant say enough about it the game is one of the best and freshest iv'e played in  a long time"
,Recommended,237990,9408634,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,HakTom,loved it.
76561198047905802,Recommended,237990,9384455,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,kungfubaxter,Awesome tactical game
,Recommended,237990,9386904,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Skolia,"An interesting game, somewhat Oregon Trail meets BioWare.     I wish the animated cutscenes were in more than the initial sequence in the game.    Generally, I like the strategic/tactical combat (although I wish that was a cancel move option).    Interesting story, although I suspect there will be more to it."
,Recommended,237990,9435495,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Dirac,"Incredibly impressed with this game.Graphics: Artistry is unbelieveable, get this game to show off a retina displayGameplay: Imagine if Fire Emblem had more overt stats and progression, and character specific abilities.Story: Not far into it yet, but the tone is unlike any game I've played; somber, yet you feel the characters yearn to progress.I give this 5 ultimate orbs our of an ogre club."
76561198039870523,Recommended,237990,9436381,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Harmageddon,"It's like Oregon Trail meets FF Tactics. The art is gorgeous. Fantastic in every respect. The only complaint I have is that it's hard to see the grid behind some of your large units, and when everyone is clustered closely together it's hard to tell if you'll be in range to attack or not."
76561198068567006,Recommended,237990,9436903,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,LONESAMURAI,GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,237990,9470840,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,charmedmeat,"Decent game up until the end fight.  I never finished it, and I fought it at normal."
76561197995824317,Recommended,237990,9470982,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ScimmiaDiMorte,"Far better than I expected. Incredible art design, beautiful animation, amazing soundtrack, an epic storyline and simple but challenging gameplay. Definitely worth your money."
76561198050388107,Recommended,237990,9471093,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,mos5piglet,"Overall, I strongly recommend. This is exactly the kind of game I want to play.The art is beautiful. Landscapes, characters, music, everything. Beautiful.The branching storyline engages and decisions feel meaningful. (I've only played once through, but the decisions feel meaningful.) I felt attached to at least half a dozen characters, and fiercely attached to a couple 2.The combat is good, and holds up against the other gameplay components.The length is perfect for me.I have one complaint, but it takes away little or nothing from the parts I liked. There should be a difficulty level between easy and normal. I played on normal as far as I could, then I switched to easy. All the super-badasses turned into cupcakes. Not only did the enemies turn into cupcakes, but there was less than half as many."
,Recommended,237990,9481811,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,poorwhiteboi,"Oregon trail with RPG choices that keep on changing the game,smooth strategic turn-based combat,25 characters playable from 2 different races:Human and Varl,horned giants that likes to kill everything that is made of stone and it's black,beside anyone who tries to kill them.You're gonna love this game fo' sure!"
76561198055075241,Recommended,237990,9484588,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Goodguy Hopper,"Everyone has their prefered genre for gaming, and inevitably we get a little too good at our prefered genre. Banner Saga was not only an exceptional game, but it also rekindled my love for Turned Based Strategy(TBS). A love that I was losing after finding recent TBS games a little too simple. Banner Saga's well thought out emphasis on both micro and macro management of resources put enough strain on me that I found myself actually engaged in the story line and concerened about the danger the characters and caravan where in. Banner Saga's blend of 'create your own destiny' story telling, carefully balanced TBS sections, and unique combining of macro resources with character leveling resources has forged a game that will keep you playing attentively straight to the end. The only down side to this game for anyone who is a fan of TBS games is that it leaves you wanting more content. Approximate play time is probably something like 8-11 hours on normal difficulty. Do not let that discourage you in ANY way this has been, by far, the best spent $20 this year or last year."
,Recommended,237990,12875649,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Grisbill,"Very good game. Story, design, combats are greats. Im waiting for the 2 next episodes."
76561198026262164,Recommended,237990,15319437,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TiGer,- Good turn based combat- Fair Story and lore- Very good Music and Art- One of the successful kickstarter products
76561198149133041,Recommended,237990,15125779,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bad B-Word,"The art is beutiful, the strategy addicting, and the story incredibly immersive.  I played it twice, back to back, and will probably play it through again at some point."
76561198041353913,Recommended,237990,15100647,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Merilily,"I was suckered into buying this game when it first hit the marketplace because of its art design and forgot I ever owned it until two days ago. When I decided to finally play it I couldn't believe how dumb I was for ""just forgetting"" about this game being in my inventory. The dialogue in the game is well written and effective in emersing players into this godless realm, but even more effective is the art. With subtle snowflakes falling, intricate designs on godstones, and slight wind movements every little thing emerses the player into the surroundings of the characters and compliments the overall art design. This is a beautiful game that follows many different characters through war, politics, love, and family. I would recommend it for anyone that appreciates art design and loves a good strategy game."
,Recommended,237990,8833344,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dazzlehammer,"I have only played this game for a few hours, but I have enjoyed it very much.  The combat system is very simple, but the story and graphics are where the game shines****Took some time for me to finish, I got sidetracked with a lot of different games.  However I finally finished it.   I really enjoyed this game.  Many negative reviews cited *easy combat* and *story abruptly ends*.   To an extent this is true, however I had this game on my radar months before it was released,  I already knew that a trilogy is in the works, and in fact a trailer for the second has been released.  I also knew that the combat was not going to be anything groundbreaking.  With that in mind I was able to enjoy this game.   The ending was sudden, but I knew that more was on the way so I was upset by how it ended, not when it ended.  This is a story driven game with some combat thrown in.  If you have played anything like Wolf Among Us or The Walking Dead you will understand what I mean.*******Hope this is helpful.  If the game goes on sale, check it out."
,Recommended,237990,14956648,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MadMechem,"I love the artwork, and I enjoy the variability of the in-game events. my only qualm is that it made me care, and bad things happened. :'("
76561198084828552,Recommended,237990,14968545,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SloweyeJoe,very good. compelling story.
76561198001692379,Recommended,237990,14968903,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hughell,"Beautiful game with interesting turn based mechanics. Biggest issue is fixed angle during combat and sometimes in dense clusters takes a while to pick unit,"
,Recommended,237990,15199313,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The_Wilson,"A very interesting tale.If it's on sale, definitey worth a look if you like strategy games and a good story."
,Recommended,237990,15202100,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Dokta,"Hardcore roguelike that switches between text-based conversations and turn-based grid combat, for better and worse.Firstly, very story-heavy.  Some people won't like that.  The writing is solid for those with the patience and there's definitely a pay off as the game goes on.Secondly, RNJesus is not your friend.  Resource management is gruelling and I feel like the game is a little unforgiving.Speaking of which:  Thirdly, not a fan of how combat order is determined.  Two isolated dudes can take three times as many swings as the six guys surrounding them, which is a bit borked in my opinion.  Interesting concept; tying dps to health.Having said that, the art is very appealing - Feels like the older Disney publications.The music is really meaty and - much like the story - very oppressive.  There's nothing cheerful in this soundtrack.Overall, I'm glad I played because I'm a huge fan of good stories, and TBS lives up to the 'Saga' element very nicely.  Wouldn't recommend it to people with short attention spans or who are frustrated easily, though."
76561198080345074,Recommended,237990,15254702,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DontGoJohnson,"Great game! Not perfect, but great all the same. I'd probably give it an 8 or 9 out of 10.My main grievance about the game is that there wasn't enough of it. The campaign took me just 10 hours to complete and left me wanting so much more. The Banner Saga 2 is in the works, but would have wanted more from this initial installation (hopefully Saga 2 lengthens campaign quite a bit).Other than that there are some gameplay mechanics that could use some tweaking. Combat can be repitive and difficult to get the hang of (I found myself on many occasions having to restart a fight because I realized I did something stupid without realizing). It would also be nice to have more freedom in the game. I'm not talking specifically of the linear storyline (I enjoyed that much), but to things like character progression, resource management, and stuff like that. It's hard to level up your characters and I guarentee you will have characters who get left unused as a result (I had a core group of guys that I consistently used even when hurt because the others weren't able to compete with harder competition even when healthy). Food, followers, and other things like that are commodities in Saga but I rarely had any control of how they were managed, collected, etc. (I wasn't sure what the point of some of them were for even by the end of the game. For example: your followers, Clansmen, use supplies in correlation to how many there are. More clansmen, more supplies needed to upkeep them. But they are different from your fighters, I never understood what benefit, if any, there was to having clansmen). Supplies are hard to come by and I found my numbers dwindling to attrition a lot the time so it would have been nice to have a few more methods of collecting resources in-game.I should stress, the things are critiques after the fact, but they didn't mire the game whatsoever while I played it. This is a must-have Steam game in my opinion and will remain in my favourites list for a long time to come.Go get it!"
76561198061977543,Recommended,237990,15423132,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Azzjole,"Just started, but it's amazing so far. Really like the style and atmosphere. Reminds me alot of Myth: The Fallen Lords."
76561198106302023,Recommended,237990,15413709,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,BigAdam,"You know it's a truly epic game when it starts out with ""The Gods Are Dead."" I've played a good portion of the campaign so far and have loved everything about the story. It's rich and full of life, worthy of the ages to be sure. The only thing I haven't enjoyed is the very repetitive combat mechanics, as well as the big battle mechanics. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes strong RPG's and has a decent proficciency for strategy."
76561198007374629,Recommended,237990,15414601,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MO,"What an awesome game. Very different in its approach, design and story telling. Visually stunning and impressive gameplay"
,Recommended,237990,15180576,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mwyeoh,"I short but interesting tactical RPGThe length is actually quite short when compared to many jrpgs, which means replayability is very limitedMax character level is lvl 5Each person can equip one item (I would have liked a system where you could sell unwanted items)However the battle system, with armour and strength/hp is interesting"
,Recommended,237990,15303383,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Keyser Söze,This game will break your heart and you're gonna enjoy every second of it.
76561198128154787,Recommended,237990,15308010,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SongoftheWolfy,This is a beautiful game. Highly recommended.
76561198014166256,Recommended,237990,15160286,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,McDuff359,"Was really surprised by how much I liked this game. It reminds me of old OLD very old school rpgs where there is more reading than anything which is really not my cup o tea. But Banner Saga did a great job of making it feel like I was playing some epic fantasy movie. I loved the combat but found myself wanting a lot more battles than what I encountered (I am taking a shot in the dark that the choices you make in the game affect this).Finished it in 10hrs so also not your typical RPG either. Left me wanting more in all aspects which in this case I think is a good thing. Really enjoyed the graphics too, found myself staring at the scenery as my little tribes trudged through the wilderness. Would totally recommend to anyone who likes turned based rpg style games."
,Recommended,237990,15164682,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Saucy Fandangoo,"Beautiful visuals and animation, great soundtrack, surprisingly fun gameplay. Not an amazing story but a well told one nonetheless. Just wish it didn't end as short as it did."
76561198012275256,Recommended,237990,15228285,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Count Gumberton,"This was a game that I really didn't like at first, but that really grew on me. An extremely well-told story, art design and overall feel to the game make up for its slightly sloppy mechanics and somewhat repetitive gameplay. I also noticed a few puzzling spelling and punctuation errors. Part of a planned trilogy. Has some good replay value with different player choices influencing which units survive to the end. Grab it on sale."
76561198030510889,Recommended,237990,15455932,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[LINUX] Seven,"its awesome, just awesome"
,Recommended,237990,15456586,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Fabian,Incredible journey
,Recommended,237990,16354159,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Steady,One of the few games you don`t mind playing more than once. Amazing 2D graphics and even more amazing soundtrack. If you are remotely into nordic mythology this is definitely a game for you.
76561198049016018,Recommended,237990,16206673,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,julio.chrisostomo,"I loved all about The Banner Saga. I liked the characters, the gameplay, the sound, and the art. Oh my God!! The art on this game is so beautiful, I felt I was playing a painting!! :DI don't know why I didn't play The Banner Saga Before.Now I'm waiting for the sequence."
76561198053962299,Recommended,237990,16395128,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,raneman11,Come for the cool gameplay and awesome look.  Stay for the impressive Nordic-inspried soundtrack and the feels.
,Recommended,237990,13761226,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pappa Gunther,✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩One of the Best Games of 2014✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩*************************************************************_______*************************************/\-----------\*******Innovative***************/--\-----1-----\********************************/----\-----------\*****Interesting*************/--4---\_______\*****************************\------/-----------/****New & Fresh**********__\----/-----2-___/____********************/\----\-/-------/\------------\******************/--\----\/____-/-\-----3-----\****************/----\-----5------\-\------------\*************/--3---\_______\-\________\*************\------/------------/-/-----------/***************\----/-----4------/-/----2-----/*****************\--/------------/-/-----------/*******************\/_______/-\/_______/****************************************************************An emotional story with excellent strategical gameplay and it's paper drawn animations. It is surprisingly incredible of how well everything works together.
76561198044114069,Recommended,237990,16398106,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Da-a-man,Viking Sadness SimulatorBut god damn its so good
76561198002410025,Recommended,237990,16401069,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Scarlet,Beautiful artwork and great story so far
,Recommended,237990,16402299,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ryan,"Positives:-Amazingly beautiful artstyle (Reminds me of 1978 LotR)-Excellent, atmospheric music and sounds-Great writing and suspense-Interesting attrition mechanic-Unique tactical combat-Realistic decision making that can come back to bite you and lots of story paths.Negatives:-Some mechanics aren't well understood in beginning of the game leading to a harder later half or having to restart several times-Poor difficulty scaling-No emphasis on diplomacy, your characters will only be powerful if you fight your way out of every scenario.-Later middle of the game is rather dull-Experience is also currency-Some decisions are very unclear, and you can easily minmax by looking up the decisionsDefinitely recommended. A very unique experience and not terribly long. A good weekend game. Also great on iOS."
,Recommended,237990,16402442,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RoruArcher,Good game.  Too short.
76561197977413566,Recommended,237990,16404173,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Greasygreabo,"I absolutely loved this game and the only problem with it is that it isn't longer. Would recommend to buy at full price if you enjoy turn based strategy or rpg games, at sale price I would recommend to anyone for just the story."
,Recommended,237990,16430562,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dara-h-,Holy hell is this game good. The story is superb its like a less violent version of Game of Thrones only with vikings. I'd recommend this game to anyone looking for a turn-based rpg stratagy game. If i had one complaint it would be that the gameplay can get repetitive at times but at full price this 15-20 hour experience is worth.
76561198120324163,Recommended,237990,16430686,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Czar Dean,"All around great game. I love the 2D foreground-midground-background art style throughout the game, and the combat phases are really thought out. The combat is somewhat like X-Com in the grid layout and health, and Oregon Trail with the decision making but still not like anything  I 've seen before. 4.5 stars only because of the waiting around."
76561198097681484,Recommended,237990,16434102,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sjenkins14,Instantly hooked and I didn't need any experience with turn based fighters. Highly reccommend
76561198024875616,Recommended,237990,16434180,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SpeaksWithStone,"Very cool game with a meaningful strategic and tactical decisions.  The different characters and how their abilities interact in combat provide for good variety, while sticking within the theme."
,Recommended,237990,16333631,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Q Sirius Doritos,"Excellent strategic and tactical game. Battles are challenging and you're constantly faced with several challenges without the time or resources to deal with all of them.Game makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥often, but don't worry, keep going. Hope is frail, but hard to kill. Your bannermen will stand behind you."
,Recommended,237990,16336847,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,melnickforever,Very good game. Perfect cartoon graphic . I recommend this game
76561198089205524,Recommended,237990,16297759,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Shimi,beautiful
76561197993269624,Not Recommended,237990,16299208,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,shadowwing2290,"While I wanted to give this game a thumbs up for beautiful artwork and an engaging story, I have to give it a thumbs down. The combat system is too broken to salvage. The computer just seemingly picks one of your heroes to focus the entire fight  that battle and makes it damn near impossible to have that hero survive. The back and forth combat system in this game does it no favors and makes it frustrating to try and keep your heroes alive"
,Recommended,237990,16345012,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RodrigoMenegat,"It is as close to a movie or a book that a game can get, I believe. The awesome art and soundtrack play a big role in this immersive expercience. On the top of the breathtaking plot, the combat system is enjoyable and simple - but far from shallow.I would recommend it to anyone who likes story-driven games, altough I must advise that the storyline is pretty much linear. The decision making aspect won't have a true impact on the ending of the game. Nevertheless, the choices you make will have noticeable side effects as the story develops.The sequel has already been announced, and I can't wait for it."
,Recommended,237990,16319483,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gen. McFreedom,Buy it so that you are shocked when you discover that the game ends the way it ends. Waiting for a sequel of some sort.
76561198006310957,Recommended,237990,16559907,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,inzane22,"Great art and relatively interesting plot. They have a great start on the combat, but I would love to see it have a little more depth."
76561198010628632,Recommended,237990,16564331,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CountCristo,TL:DL - Get it it's amazing.Pros:Lovely art style (if you like that kind of thing)Fairly tactical gameplayTense and impactful decisionsEngaging story - interesting charactersWell balanced challenge (on normal)Interesting view into a new loreCons:Too short - but I always think thatSome decisions blindside you a little too muchAll in all 10-15 hours on fun on a first run and a good 2-3 fun playthroughs.
,Not Recommended,237990,16273556,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Toft,"The gameplay and combat is very good... but! For a 2D game, it shouldn't be struggling with FPS on a 780ti :S I can't even go fullscreen 2560x1440 because the screen goes black (except for UI). Apparently the game is made with Flash...I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Recommended,237990,16275808,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fleafa,"Wonderful feel to the world which comes accross through the art, music and general tone.Surprisingly deep combat mechanic which is rewarding long after the first playthrough.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237990,13624751,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dawnlit,"I write this review right after I finished the campaign the first time on normal difficulty, so I do not know any other endings than the one I got or whether your decisions actually affect the story other than on the small scale, but I do know one thing: I well and truly love this game.I love the art style, the music is great (It even has at least one song by Malukah in it!), the story is based a lot on norse mythology (and pulls it off well), and it is the first game in a long time that has made me feel something. Something else than joy over winning or sadness over losing, that is. The end actually made me cry. Also regret, a lot of regret for decisions you make.I must, however, say that the ending (or at least my ending) is rather abrupt and leaves you with more questions than in the beginning of the game. This, and the vast world they have made but never really showed you, makes me think that a sequel is, or at least was, planned. It is my hope to some day see a true ending to the story.Whatever flaws it may have, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Worth every last [insert low value coin from region of choice] of the money I spent."
76561198097438767,Recommended,237990,13614329,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BabyPizza,"Not a bad game. I wish I would have waited to buy until it was on sell though. Just don't feel it was worth the $25.  Maybe $12-15. Visually the game looks great, and it has an interesting story I enjoyed. Combat system is different and challenging. I'll have to wait and see if they continue the series. Something I'd follow."
76561197994433695,Recommended,237990,13672587,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bbarnes1941,"Recommended.  If you're a fan of Final Fantasy Tactics, XCOM:EU, or turn-based strategy in general, I'd say it's a no-brainer for a good price.The best things about this game were...- Great art.  Seriously, it's amazing to see this kind of art quality in a modestly-budgeted game.- Great music.  I'm a fan of game music, and this is one that I could see listening to in the future.- The combat itself is actually pretty simple to understand, but it has enough nuance to keep things interesting.  I never got bored as I was constantly trying to find a way to keep all my guys alive.- The ties between caravan survival and combat give it an added layer of strategy.- Some of the characters are pretty cool.- Really rich backstory and setting, on the order of Tolkien or Game of Thrones.The biggest problems for me were...- The art is great, but it would have been truly spectacular if they worked in at least 3 more cutscenes.- The storyline is good, but it ends without resolving the overarching plot.  It's more like the end of the first Hobbit or Lord of the Rings movie in that sense.  Kind of disappointing given all that you go through in the game.- Characters can die in text-based cutscenes due to choices that are not obvious to avoid and are not part of the overall plot. You lose all of the resources you've poured into them and their gear.  It's frustrating, and not the good kind.  It happened to me twice, so it's not game-breaking though.- The travel system is based on keeping the caravan alive, but honestly I'm not sure what would happen if you just let them keep starving.  In other words, there's no gameplay incentive to keep them alive.  It would have been better if you got a score, an achievement, and maybe a couple of different text-based epilogues based on how many people survived.  None of that would have taken much effort.- Rich backstory is awesome, but just as with LotR or GoT, a lot of names get thrown around.  If you're playing this game sporadically, you could get confused pretty easily.  Some kind of journal might have helped.  It also takes forever for the map to load for some reason, which made me less likely to use it.- It would have been more fun if you could gather other resources and/or forage for supplies, perhaps at the risk of being attacked.  I saw all kinds of awesome items at the market but never could afford the good ones.  You should also be able to trade an item for supplies.Still, overall I had a good time and will try it again on Hard someday while making different choices.  If it had more cutscenes, a journal, a faster map, more resolution to the plot, more incentive for caravan survival, and some tweaking to the resource system, I would have easily called it a Game of the Year contender.  A sequel was recently announced, so here's hoping.8/10"
76561197977812537,Recommended,237990,13172160,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zooy,Awesome game.  Can't say anything more about it's originality and throw back to retro games.
,Recommended,237990,13175192,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GrD« Igni,"Beautifully made, story driven, turn based strategy game revolving around nordic tales. Every action and decision you make will impact the storyline either immediately or halfway across the entireity of the game. This somewhat tests your abilities as a leader and brilliantly portrays the struggles of one while trying to survive in an arctic wasteland and fighting an enemy that seems to have an endless army supply. Character development is handled with care and the story isn't sugarcoated, which makes it more realistic and believable. It is one of the few games i can rate 10/10 due to it's lack of unnecessary frustration."
76561197972566820,Recommended,237990,13175640,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kingvfefe,"Expect it to feel somewhat like a comic book with isometric turn-based combat. The Banner Saga also features Oregon Trail-esque random encounters and being tasked with managing a caravan crossing vast expanses of terrain. Purely story-driven, so don't expect to go anywhere it doesn't take you. It felt like it ended abruptly, but I loved it all the way to the end."
76561198011336384,Recommended,237990,13176008,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,zaika,I just started playing and I'm hooked. Everything from the art to the music to the gameplay is exquisite.
,Recommended,237990,13208920,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Laurgo,"This is a fantastic game. I've seen a lot of people complain that your choices don't really matter. I would disagree. I, personally, have become invested in many of the characters in this game. When I lose someone due to choices ive made, it bothers me. Your choices may not matter to the over-all story, but they do affect the people in your party. Don't let some these peoples negative reviews affect whether you buy this game or not. There is a great story here that anyone can get into. If you like turn based strategy games and leveling up characters, then you will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,237990,13234085,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,I didn't care of the side scrolling movement and the lack of a sufficient tutorial left me wanting more. Uninstalled in short order
,Recommended,237990,13235246,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,f2000560,The lack of voice over is disspointing. and the ability to skip graphics would have been good. But then overall its definately a good game.
,Not Recommended,237990,13235801,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SHUT UP and JAM,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's very frustrating.First, it has the UI of a mobile game. You can't hover over anything for a tooltip and there's no hotkeys to my knowledge. You have to click everything.Second, there's no manual saves. You have to rely on auto saves which are generally pretty good, but not perfect.Third, the combat. Enemies get to act every other turn no matter what. That means if you have 3 times as many troops then the enemies get 3 times as many turns to compensate. You're actually punished for killing guys. I don't feel like it's a good change for the genre."
76561198036094809,Recommended,237990,13236307,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,daisycutting,"I only recommend this for the story, the gameplay is dogshit"
76561197971252577,Recommended,237990,13263136,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,sativex,"This game is good.Short version: Feels like playing a disney cartoon thats a little darker, a little more adult.  A solid RPG in the same vein as fire emblem.Cons: The animations for the transition sequences where characters are walking across a map and the 'banner' is flying can be a bit long and tedious especially if you're trying to do a speedrun.  Then you get hit with a loading screen.  It seems like the loadscreen should somehow be factored into the walking animation.  It feels painfully long at times.  That is my major gripe.Second major gripe is the attack animations are sometimes oriented in the completely wrong direction from the enemy they are attacking, it seems like there was only budget for a few attack angles with the locked 2.5 D camera angle.  Can be distracting at times.I also beat the boss on normal with mostly level 2 and 3 archers, I didn't find a lot of oppurtunity for grinding at least on normal."
76561197993495651,Recommended,237990,13264215,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,wmbryant9,"excellent game, Banner Saga is beautifully rendered with mechanics that are easier to learn but has layers of depth."
76561197992006175,Recommended,237990,13264647,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Wesgro2,Wonderful game!  It has been years since a story driven game has kept me in front of my computer for close to a 6 hour session.  It's reminicent of the Oregon Trail.  The added choices you are called to make and the Gladius-like combat system keep you hooked.Thanks for the wonderful game.  Looking forward to the sequal!
76561197971495824,Recommended,237990,13268901,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tritio,Absolutely beautiful art. The colors and characters are incredibly vibrant. The writing is also great. Great game.
76561197980134788,Recommended,237990,13802059,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Potter_4077th,"Beautiful, rich, and epic. By far one of the best games of 2014. With a story that is so addictive you will have trouble stepping away, even at the end."
,Recommended,237990,13804248,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Osage Morgan,"I love tactical RPGs, and there are far too few of them about, especially good ones. The Banner Saga is a welcome addition to the positive side of the tally. It has a great (if bleak) story influenced by Norse mythology (though it has its own pantheon and creatures, the resemblance is unmistakeable) and combat is handled fairly intelligently. I especially like the way exertion points can be used for different purposes (extending a character's range or damage, or using a special ability), and the way that hit points are handled. Each character has both armor and strength; armor prevents damage, and strength represents both the amount of damage a character can deal and their ability to keep fighting before being knocked out or killed. Armor has its own bar, so unlike most RPGs, it isn't just a pure defense stat, and breaking armor has more than just an all-or-nothing nature to it. You sometimes have to chip away at an enemy's armor a few times before you can really attack their strength.The game isn't perfect, though; there are a few issues with it. First is that it's a pretty short game, with an ending that -- while complete for this part of the story -- is definitely a ""part one"" for the overall saga. I finished my first playthrough in 16 hours. Second is that leveling up characters requires them to personally score the kill shot in battle -- there are no experience points, so a character that spends all their time battering down the armor so other characters can finish off the enemy won't be able to level. You have to make sure to spread the killing around. When you additionally factor in the limit of 6 active characters in battle (with a total roster of perhaps twice that), and the fact that you can lose various characters permanently through story events (sometimes mandatory, sometimes because you make a choice you didn't know would lead to it), and you can easily wind up in a situation where some of your characters are outpacing others in the party. The resulting disparity and the potential loss of heavy hitters are a bigger source of challenge than they probably should be (I am of the opinion that the bulk of a challenge in battle should come from the battle itself).Nevertheless, it's a lot of fun to play. I'll no doubt play through it more than once, and when a sequel lands I'll be buying it as well."
76561197970526766,Recommended,237990,13805898,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Flacid Knight,20 $ 11 hour game = / fun but not as deep as i would have liked still if you can get it cheap go for it
76561198148858346,Recommended,237990,13806404,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dravey Gravy,"There isn't much that I can say that hasn't already been said in other reviews. However, I just want to point out a couple of problems I had with the game, as well as what I really liked.First off: The combat. The combat was fun and intense at times. AT TIMES! Quite a few battles felt as if they didn't offer enough challenge. I would go into a battle and see the layout and think, ""Well... Here I go again..."" Some enemies came across as merely a nuisance (bad), while other came across as a threat (good). Maybe when I go back and play on Hard this will change (hopefully).Second off: The dialogue. The script was well written and you could feel each individual character's... well, character while reading through it. However, during cut-scenes all you see is the same basic picture of a charcter rather than them showing any emotion. It hurts the game during scenes where a person is obviously distressed, but their picture is them smiling at the sky.Third and last: The Art. One of the most talked about aspects of the game is the art style. Which I loved!!! Throughout the game I found myself looking at scenes for minutes at a time trying to take it all in. If you're a fan of artistic games then this is a must have. If you could care less... Then it may not be as worth it.I don't feel like writing any more, and I'm sure the other reviewers have said what I would better than I could. So I'll leave it at this. I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, and plan on doing it again sometime in the near future. I'm sure you will too."
,Recommended,237990,13826081,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RAT,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,237990,13846632,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,smashington,"The game was short and the ending felt a little rushed. It took me half the length of the game to get used to nuances of the combat system, as it wasn't very intuitive. You have to figure things out for yourself, such as how far you can shoot and what counts as a diagonal unit (when there are 4-tile large units). More variety in the combat would've been nice. Anyway, I still quite liked the game. The art style was refreshing and I felt attached to the main characters. Really looking forward to Banner Saga 2, hopefully that one will be made in to a more complete experience."
76561198038388920,Recommended,237990,13851173,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Conan,Absolutely original game with beatiful atmosphere and stunning storyline with lots of random encounters and every decision you make can make people bleed/gain something positive negative.Recommend for people interested in Nord/Viking Tales and mythology and for people that like a challenge.
,Recommended,237990,13900224,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Holmlund,Complealty amazing story. Easy game to get into and the feel of the game is like none other. Strongly reckommended.
,Recommended,237990,13883724,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tiber,Great moodiness and art work. Loved the world they generated. Wished the story had continued though they show a huge map it would have been nice to continue. I wonder if they plan on DLC or a sequel?
,Recommended,237990,18870696,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jjozsa,Stylish and original - what more can you ask for in the 21st century?
76561198002213629,Recommended,237990,18868612,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,AllNamesTakenLOL,Such a wonderful game.
76561198258478303,Recommended,237990,18868721,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,gpica037,A work of art!
,Recommended,237990,18869866,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,QuirkyWallace,"There are so many good things I can speak about this game, but I will focus on one aspect I found to be so endearing of this game: It has great replayability for an RPG.Often times with RPGs, despite having some of the greatest storytelling, gameplay, visuals, etc., I often find myself in two situations: Stuck at a point of the story unable or unwilling to progress forward, or neglecting the game after the first playthrough.With The Banner Saga, it is a pleasant surprise for me to be on my fifth playthroughs. Nothing about it really irks me, even when it is difficult at some points of the game, gameplay or storywise.Overall, stunning visuals, grand storytelling, easy-to-learn and smooth gameplay, and immersive audio. 10/10 for sure."
,Recommended,237990,18864748,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Fr[A]nky Di[A]mond,"WOW... This tactic Game have a GOOD lore.. NIce Graphic.. Good Diffilcultie !  If u love Final Tactic or some gamelike that ... YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME9,5/ 10"
,Recommended,237990,18865349,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,vagabond,"Great story, beautiful graphics and very well done. Plays like a storybook. The combat is tactical and turnbased so be ready for a bit of a slower pace but overall a relaxing and enjoyable game to play."
76561198006641366,Recommended,237990,18883360,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BLOODLUST,"Reminds me of a mixture of Oregon Trail and turn-based Infinity-engine D&D games for the encounters. Great music and sound, graphics, characters, writing. Solid entry among this years many great RPGs!"
,Recommended,237990,18883405,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RantKC,"decent story, varying levels of difficult to suit all types of players, and high replay value. It may take a bit to get used to the mechanics, but once you do the whole game gets better. Worth a try if not a buy."
76561197993945055,Recommended,237990,18883670,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,-----\_Bacon_/,Think of it like reading a book...
76561198132209958,Recommended,237990,18875390,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tarpinchacha,"World, Music, characters, story, everything is very well done. Nothing really negative to say abou tthis game except that when you fully understood each character and the gaming system, it's pretty hard to lose. Even with that, I really enjoyed playing and I highly recommend it, especially at 4.99€ !!!"
,Recommended,237990,18879519,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Trikucian,"The Banner Saga is absolutely gorgeous.  It is an artistic experience playing this game.  I was disappointed at how short it was only because it was over and I couldn't get enough of this game.  As for gameplay, I sort of wish the battles were longer, but I love the mechanics.  Sort of like Fire Emblem but bigger characters can take up more spaces like in D&D.  And every choice is important, even small ones made on the road, not just the obvious big plot choices.  This game is a must-play sort of game."
,Recommended,237990,18889195,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,kociorro,"Very nice, fresh game. Incredible visuals, interesting story and characters, good pace.Rather low replayability, but apart from that, it's a great purchase! (Especially if you can get it with a discount).I'd strongly recommend buying it."
76561198002562797,Recommended,237990,18877733,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,theHUTT ]|[ Jabba,Surprisingly damn good! Buy it if it´s on sale!
76561198012245206,Recommended,237990,18879682,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tangerine Duke,"All the reviews on the soundtrack and artwork can't prepare you for how breathtaking the world of the Banner Saga is.  You immediately buy into it, and the richness of the world (for me at least) overrode any failures of the turn-based strategy fighting.It is worth saying that this is quite a short game, and very much an ""Episode 1"" - with the second apparently to follow this Winter, so don't expect any final resolutions.There seems to be an overarching narrative which your choices can't change - having said that, your characters really can (and will) die depending on the choices you make.  Some of the deaths are pretty devastating as well.Altogether, I really enjoyed this game and would definitely buy the sequel."
76561197988422301,Recommended,237990,18885659,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Waker,can be a savage and the characters only worry about how they will clean the trail of blood and bodies i leave behind!!!!10/10 worth it
76561197985116839,Recommended,237990,18885965,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,biggd321,"Great art style, fun turn based gameplay."
76561198082463415,Not Recommended,237990,18625018,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,rifter,"Great art design.Horrible/Unplayable Linux performance with NVIDIA GTX 670 2 GB RAM graphics card,current proprietary driver version 355.11, OpenGL 4.4.0, at 2k resolution."
,Recommended,237990,18657327,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"This is quite an interesting and enjoyable game. It's set in a world ,heavily influenced by Norse mythology, which is populated by humans, a race of horned giants called Varl, and a race called the Dredge who are the games villains and are invading the human and varl lands. The gameplay is a mix of boardgame style tactical combat and sequences where your characters are travelling to escape the dredge where managing supplies and pop up events where you have to make choices, choices which can have a real impact like you characters getting killed.Good points:- this game is beautifully animated as well as featuring a great soundtrack-the story is quite good and features a large number of characters most of which can join your group though they always arent well fleshed out or feature heavily in the game- I liked the way the choices you make can have an impact. For example i made a decision to let one character join my group only for him to turn on my hours later killing one of my other characters in the process. Other choices you make can gain or lose you supplies or gain you new characters for your group for example and they fit quite well into the games story.Bad points:- while the combat isnt too bad its not very deep either. You can choose two types of basic attack ,one to wear down an opponents armour or an attack that wears down health. You normally need to wear down armour first to do more damage to health and most battles just revolve around this with not a lot of variation.Overall this is a pretty great game that will appeal to people who like a game with a good story and decisions that have a real impact of its outcome."
76561198110705180,Recommended,237990,13721356,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aedwaldr,"A nice game that adds a small amount of management to an rpg story that is wriiten fairly well, I recommend playing through this game a few times to experience the whole storyline."
76561197972658446,Recommended,237990,13727124,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jarheadwho,Amazing and creative game - I couldn't recommend it higher for those that love either viking culture or turn based RTS.
76561198001462961,Recommended,237990,13709047,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hoogs,"Throughly enjoying this game. The artwork, storyline and battles are captivating. Loving everything about this one so far."
,Recommended,237990,30458094,Posted: 11 March,all,Woodhouse,"It's like Oregon Trail and Final Fantasy Tactics had a baby.  Only about 10-12 hours to beat, though."
76561198007715250,Recommended,237990,9183119,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nerull,Excellent game! Highly recommended for those who enjoy a good roleplaying story. The morality choices in this game REALLY have an impact on your game experience and makes it worth playing over and over again.
76561197964944591,Recommended,237990,9185147,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Team Tormund Giantsbane,"Fantastic game. Great artwork, music (can not go wrong with Austin Wintory) and gameplay. The battle system is quite good and the characters are all great. My only complaint is that it ended."
76561197989664109,Recommended,237990,9188014,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,NuclearSqworms,"Probably one of the best strategy role playing games I've played recently. The thing that sets it apart from most sRPGs is its immersive storyline. Choices you make can cause you to lose characters permanently or keep them around. Overall, a great game for the price. Can't wait until there is a number 2 or some DLC!"
76561198006105157,Recommended,237990,9191664,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dippinsauce,"Swiggity Swooty, I'm coming fo dat booty."
,Not Recommended,237990,18886650,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Jao-Quin,"EDIT: I spoke too soon. I found the story much more interesting in the later stages. Also, the game becomes much more engaging if you cheat by reading guides/spoilers so you have some idea of what your choices are, instead of everything being random all the time.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Too bad, I was really hoping to enjoy this game. I love the look and the idea, but holy hell is it sloooww.+ Visuals are pretty good, unique style. You can tell a lot of love went into them.+ Some of the story scenes and characters are well written and interesting- Extremely slow moving- Story is completely linear, virtually no player choice- Occasional dialog, but it's not clear what effect your choices have on the game- Enemies are very hard right from the start and the combat mechanics are unintuitive (some might consider this a plus)- What do the war options do?!? How do they affect the outcome? Anyone? Not explained at all.Overall, I've so far found it just a very slow hard slog. Maybe I've missed something but I'm not sure what the fun part is supposed to be: Watching your men slowly walk across the screen? Reading page after page of text and occasionally a dialog choice? The slow moving turn based combat?P.S. I like that the game doesn't capture your mouse, so I was able to do other things on my other screen while my men slooowwwwly crawled from one place to another."
,Recommended,237990,19101660,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,_foxaru,"If you like games that make you feel things, you're in luck.Combat is.... interesting. I don't know if I'd consider it good, mainly due to the way turns alternate (regardless of the number of combatants on each side) you end up with kinda ♥♥♥♥y situations. I also pretty much shouted at my computer once or twice when the aggro mechanics meant one of my characters got targeted by every enemy for 2 solid runs of turns because his armor was 1 less than full.Combat aside, the story is compelling and the characters are interesting. You genuinely feel bad when they suffer and smile when they develop because of choices you make. You care about them, basically. If nothing else, it was a welcome diversion from my life to explore this gorgeous fantasy tale."
76561198030437712,Recommended,237990,19088488,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,IMeantToDoThat,"Fun take on turned-based gameplay, and so far a really good story - I'd definitely spend the $5 while it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,237990,15503585,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,grom,"So many positives reviews for this game, I don't see why its getting so much love. I found myself not caring for the story and the combat is very shallow and repetitive. The AI is very poor and sometimes hurts his own pawns more then your heroes.The art style I enjoyed but I did find the way some of the conversations happen where its focused on a person other then the person talking make it confusing to follow sometimes. The choices you make don't seem to matter in the grand scheme of things and I doubt I will finish this game as I have gotten bored of it already."
76561198084082154,Recommended,237990,15428803,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mishkwamakus,"Great and original tactic rpg game! Interesting storyline. Very well done, except the glitch with Intel video on Linux currently."
76561198160986898,Recommended,237990,15436534,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,small friend,amazing
76561198013765536,Recommended,237990,15439132,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Boxdesu,Every choice you make is the bad one: the simulator.Looks beautiful mind you.
76561197971944688,Recommended,237990,15448315,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Munkyman,Old School RPG style and stellar storytelling. A must play!
,Recommended,237990,15645767,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rose Collie,"The animation is fantastic. The music is magical. This game has a really definitive atmosphere that just sort of absorbs you into it.As someone who grew up playing Fire Emblem, I got used to the battle system pretty quickly. Your fighters don't die forever if they're killed in battle, which is nice."
,Recommended,237990,15645866,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Mad Nomad,"Beautiful music, amazing gameplay, and an story full of life.. Oregon trails meets game of thrones, with Vikings. every choice, every loss felt real."
76561198039878908,Recommended,237990,15647426,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,G-dub,"This game had a lot of atmosphere and it drew me in. Sure, my crossfire setup was superfluous but then, you can also get it for your tablet -- where I think this game was designed to be played. Enjoy it for the story it tells. The combat is a little dull and there is limited progression. Tradeoffs exist between the power of your heroes and the welfare of your caravan. The choices you make do have an impact. At the conclusion of this game, after beating the last battle, I had made up my mind that I had spent enough time on this game. Then I watched the ending, which was poignant yet gratifying in a simple, understated way. That's what this game is, amidst the strife and bitterness, it's the basics. The tactics can be played in a haphazard way or you can min/max your characters into lethal combo teams."
,Recommended,237990,15598699,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Carl Carlson,"Great Artwork, nice story and a good fight-system make this game more then play worthy. The many decision that one  has to make influence the story, how much is diffuclt to say since I played it just once so far. Therefore it is most certainly worth playing it a second or third time, and I will do so.I reccomend this game, even tho I feel like it does not exhaust all of its potential. The game feels a bit short, personally I would have liked if I had had the opportunity to test the fight-system more in depth, but it seems there are not enough occasions to fight (one could just use the training ption though, but it is not the same).Let's hope that the Banner Saga 2 will be even better"
76561198083540725,Recommended,237990,15595349,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,joseruicmachado,"Inexplicably addictive. It's simple, the mechanics are basic (for a 21st century game) and the story has gaps. But globaly it's a 9/10"
76561197993314979,Recommended,237990,15596787,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zaerix,Great story. Compelling gameplay.
,Not Recommended,237990,15521231,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,pfhy2k,"You have no control whatsoever in the storyline, here's a tip, don't upgrade Eigel, no matter what he dies, it's the illusion of choice, I spent a lot of resources upgrading this character and the game just kills him off and you're left with low level characthers to replace him"
76561197994801021,Recommended,237990,15524152,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Hydra Bite,"Very neat BoardTop Strategy. I liked the realistic try at combat, being health and damage related. Which can be painful, but at least makes sense in reality!Also beautiful music and graphics. Campign decently long, for low cost, and multiply playthoughs possible, with different choices and Characters.Great, buy it!"
76561197992129225,Recommended,237990,15527556,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,He_is_Legend,"Pooty and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s Official Seal of Approval.(Seal represents a game that we've actually completed.  These games may not be the highest critically reviewed in every case, but there was something about them that carried us through to the end.  When your library has grown as large as ours have, this means something.)"
76561198086744168,Recommended,237990,15529384,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,brody_bland,"Impressive visuals, excellent gameplay and story. If you're looking for a more challenging turn-based strategy with rpg elements, this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,237990,15531943,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Gyscos,"Only played a bit, but I really like it so far. Very nice graphics, music, and I love the world and its huge background. Tough choices to make, I sometimes feels like it's a TellTale game."
76561197993196236,Recommended,237990,15474414,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GraveTroll,"I can easily recommend this game to anyone who finds the theme (Vikings/Nordic Sagas) tempting. The world is beatiful,  the lore is full of mystery and the soundtrack really sets the mood right. Plot of the game is interesting with a few twists and turns.The gameplay reminds me of the classic King of Dragon Pass when it comes to decisions you need to make for the good of your people. Not decisions all are easy or all outcomes obvious. The strategy game elements are easy to learn but challenging enough to keep things interesting.Only gripes I have about this game is that you can never leave the rails you're on. Sure you can make some decisions that affect some of the heroes and outcomes of certain events but you end up in the same place with almost exactly the same people. You have this gorgeous world with tons of interesting places but you can never truly explore it. It left me wanting more.If there ever is a sequel, it will definitely find it's way to my game library.4/5"
,Recommended,237990,15477209,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Xelnath,"From the story, to the execution this game was fantastic. I highly recommend it if you love:VikingsFinal Fantasy TacticsChoose your own adventure novelsGames with consequencesChallenge"
76561198058780528,Not Recommended,237990,15496503,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,danclarke2,"I spent £15 quid on this? The art and concept are good but the characters are not deep or likeable. It is also extremely difficult even on an easy setting, and I am glad I failed and they were exterminated. 7.5 hours more than enough for me."
76561198068156133,Recommended,237990,15497951,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JNemesis,Game good for re-playBeautiful Art and MusicGiants Decimate
76561197991103051,Recommended,237990,15626588,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Puddle,"I absolutly adore the aesthetic of this game. It looks great, it sounds great, the story is wonderfully engaging, and its not a setting we see a lot of in gaming.I feel the game lacks quite a lot however. It seems that for every great point, there is an equally bad point. Ill start with the good.Good:Story- They story is just fantastic. I love when I can throw myself into a well built universe and get immersed in the lore and characters. So much about the game had me curious to find out what happened next or where something came from. Its the type of universe that, after i finished the game, I wanted to google and find out more about it.Art style- Its a unique looker in a sea of either photo realistic or retro graphics. I really appreciate the art style they went for with the limited animations in the cut scenes.Music- They hit the soundtrack out of the ball park with this game. They enlisted some well known youtuber talents such as Taylor Davis and Malukah for parts of the sound track and they fit it like a glove. It makes the dramatic parts much more alive and feeling when the big drums and music kick in.Meh/bad parts:Battle mechanics- It took a long time to get used to their battle mechanics. Its a turn based strategy but in this instance each side gets equal moves and cant choose which character to move. This means unlike Fire Emblem where you move your whole team and then the enemy moves his whole team, or like in chess where you only move one piece alternating between players, in Banner Saga you alternate after every move but cant choose who to move.It makes for some frustrating battles but I cant quite decide if its a bad system or just different.Unforgiving- This is a hard game. You get a load of characters to play with but you will be lucky if you get 6 people to level 5 before the end of the game because the game only has one currency that is used for everything. Buying items, supplies for your caravan, and even leveling up are tied into one.Pointless sections- It seems like the whole having 2 different armies that the game switches between was kind of pointless. The majority of the game is focussed around Rook and his daughter Allete but for some reason it makes you spend 2-3 hours of the 7-8 game playing with a different army that consits mostly of Varl. I could really understand the reasoning behind this as the varl army didnt really add anything to the story.The length- This is a game that should have been pushing 20 hours. It sets up A LOT of story and elements and ultimatley cuts itself off right after it really gets rolling. There are just a metric ton of stuff left hanging for a sequel which left a bad taste in my mouth. 8 hours is a good length for a game normally, but this one you feel you bearly scratch the surface by the time the credits roll. Part of that may be to the fact that the game wastes a lot of time with drawn out moving sections. When you enter a town or loction the game cuts to a scene of your caravan walking to the loction (usually with no music) which takes AGES. The worst offender was around the middle of the game where you will be watching them move for minutes before you can do anything. I did not like these sections.Class- I liked how you could choose the skill for characters in the free to play version of this game. I was dissapointed that the characters were already locked into a class. I couldnt use Allette because I hated her skill. The skills are really the only thing seperating the characters so I wish you had more choice here and could choose an additional skill at max level.I do think its a good game at the end of the day and I will buy and play the next game but the issues I had with it make the difference between buying at full price and maybe waiting for a decent sale. Hopefully they get better with the next game and this series (as well as future Stoic releases) become instant buys on release. With so many devs leaving my good graces, I would love to add some in."
76561198041596430,Recommended,237990,15663126,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jodin,"Everything about this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic, 10/10"
76561198031073876,Recommended,237990,9221882,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mr.Nixon,"The Banner Saga is a truly exciting RPG.Thought a lot whether to buy it or not due to uncertain impression made by screenshots.But when I bought it and stated to play it got all my attention from the beginning to the end.Perfect work from the real indie people who are behind the success of Bioware.- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
76561198034835151,Recommended,237990,16020589,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ying64,Amazing graphics.
76561198025407036,Recommended,237990,16244541,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gonflick,gunnulf died i quit ><
,Recommended,237990,16237082,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,"I've never beaten this game because I'm terrible, and I love it for being difficult and an epic challenge. I love the story. I love the style. It's amazing."
,Recommended,237990,16259339,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cat5kable,"LOVE the mechanics. Slight twists on Tactics style gameplay. Branching storyline, with lots of player choices to be made. Some decisions don't have exactly the outcome that you would hope for, which only makes each choice more important and have more weight to them.Ho-hum storyline, and the game feels incomplete, partly due to the branching story. (DLC available that extends the story?).Great overall game, if its on sale below $15 its DEFINATELY worth trying out!"
76561198029426161,Recommended,237990,16263861,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Fuddharta,Loved everything about this game...The only thing I don't is the fact that it ended too soon....more please.
76561198044491204,Recommended,237990,8917648,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Gunter Wolfe,"This game is amazing!-Really fun, clean, and clever battle system.-Caravan travel with events and choices that make real differences.-Camp lets you alter units order, stats, train, or rest to raise morale.-Upgrading units and gradual difficulty curve are well done.-Battle is affected by morale, which is affected by caravan events and camping, and Renown, which is affected by battle.I can't believe how good this game is, and how well done. I would strongly recommend it!"
,Recommended,237990,8918043,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,// Space Cowboy :: MIRAGE,"Buy this game. Buy two copies of it. Hell, get the four pack, and share with friends.An absolutely beautiful, wonderfully engaging, story driven, strategically deep and challenging saga worthy of great praise. Epic. Great game."
,Recommended,237990,8918484,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Pacemaker911,"The Banner Saga is an enjoyable strategy game that may seem lite at first glance but in reality has a lot more depth to it. The story is interesting and multilineal. You never can tell when an event is scripted or you just ""screwed up."" Which is one of the things I enjoy most about it. The animation is high quality, and some people might say there is very little animation at all, but that's the beauty of it. There's so few sprites and so many different scenes, it's surprising how fresh it feels everytime. I recommend this for sure."
76561198031606526,Recommended,237990,8918729,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,lordderish,"Not a bad little game so far.  Good story, stylised graphics that work well.  Does not seem to matter if you win or lose a combat (in that the story continues) but winning or losing does impact on the story."
,Recommended,237990,8919544,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Kadayi,"Beautiful game, great mechanics, quality soundtrack but in terms of the journey I'd say it reminds me a bit of FTL in that you need to learn the ropes a bit before it all clicks (though the randomness is thankfully confined to the combat maps).Much like Dark Souls the game has a singular currency (in this case renown) which you acquire as the result of combat victories as well as the occasionally canny judgement call during the games story line. You can spend renown in one of two ways. Firstly to buy levels for your individual heroes once they have hit a certain number of kills, and secondly you can spend it in the occasional town market you stumble across to buy both food supplies for you caravans as well the odd trinket that a hero can wear to boost their stats/enhance their abilities (though you do find these/can win them in exceptional combat victories).All well and good, but for the fact that renown is not easily earned until you know what you're doing (and even then it's a finite amount) and all too often you'll find yourself ploughing points into characters who aren't necessarily going to stick the course and will invariably end up buggering off at some point which can be a tad frustrating to say the least in terms of investment. My advice would be to play the game on easy initially to get a feel for the mechanics and the way the story-line unfolds and then once you're happy with that then try normal. Much like FTL the conclusion favours you better if you're coming loaded for bear rather than happy go lucky.Highly recommended regardless. Very much looking forward to the the next title in the series."
,Recommended,237990,8920446,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Khaki Marquis,"I don't usually like turn-based strategy, but something makes me love this game.The story is beautifully crafted, as is the art. Definitely worth my $25."
76561198123208117,Recommended,237990,8922677,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,jplees,Good story with a nice balance of turn combat and strategic thinking.
,Recommended,237990,9127697,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chuggalot,"This one's a great turn-based strat woven into beautiful 2D visuals with a kickass soundtrack and some RPG goodness.  I enjoyed it immensely.High replayability as choices you make throughout can greatly impact the game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off, they'll stab you in the back and steal your supplies.  Make rash battle decisions like rushing into a mob head-on and you'll lose warriors.  Just a few examples of things that played out in my first playthrough.The story is outstanding, which is expected from ex-Bioware folks.  Most of the ""cutscenes"" are not voiced out and you'll find yourself doing quite a bit of reading.  I know this can be a detractor for a lot of gamers but I didn't find it to be an issue.Overall, I highly recommend this one.  It's a nice change of pace from much of today's rinse-repeat annual reboot of the same CoD clone."
76561197983415785,Recommended,237990,9129504,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bubbathedog,"Turn based combat married to an ""oregon trail"" type fantasy game. Very nice looking with good musical composition. The turn based combat is a bit shallow. Short campaign (7-10 hours). Replayed it and very little actually changes despite the choices you make.I liked this game but I wish I had waited and got it on sale. Hopefully they will improve the formula and make a sequel."
76561197995852412,Recommended,237990,9105749,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dash,"Beautiful art, style and amazing music ontop of a solid combat system."
76561198084020633,Recommended,237990,8822635,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NiteQuil™,"I've just recently got the game, but in the hour or so i've played it i've enjoyed it very, very much. It has a beautiful soundtrack, wonderful art and a wonderful story. I'd recommend this to anyone whos a fan of strategy but also a fan of 2D sice-scrollers."
76561198071167700,Recommended,237990,9112030,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ragnar,"This Game was absolutely awesome! I found the story line engaging and quite interesting. The art style is magnificent, and you find yourself just looking at the scenery. The tactical turn-based combat is amazing aswell, so fluid and provides an awesome challenge. this game is very well balanced in pretty much everway. If your a fan of Turn-based strategy games, this is a must play. I got a solid 9 hours out of the story, but it will vary for everyone depending on the decisions you make.9/10"
76561197976741746,Recommended,237990,9112986,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Macematten,Excellent innovative turn-based combat.  Story with choices that have consequences.  Beautiful art style.  This game should be played.
76561198115919833,Recommended,237990,9113132,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kerindras,"Unique and fantastic game.  Great story, challenging and has several divergent paths that can have good or bad outcomes.  Great game!!"
,Recommended,237990,9113792,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Caketown,"Good game.  Sort of... Skyrim environment meets Shining Force battle system.  Plot was not altogether original (very reminiscent of Dragon Age, which is fitting since Stoic was started from the remnants of some folks who left Bioware), but true to form, the dialogue is well written and the story is entertaining.  Great art style, and very nice, unusual soundtrack.Combat is extremely strategic-minded and generally a lot of fun, even if it is very punishing most times.  This game is pretty hard, which gives you a sense of real accomplishment when you win.Only real complaint I have is... the direction Stoic took.  The game has a very... ""Life is punishing and unfair and you just have to roll with it and do the best you can"" vibe to it.  So in that vein the game can just absolutely beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you for the most innocuous of decisions.  While I don't mind a difficult game, and I don't mind a punishing experience, I think Banner Saga went a bit overboard, for a couple of reasons.When not in battle, the game has a very ""Oregon Trail"" feel to it.  You're part of a caravan and you have to make decisions that affect how well your caravan is doing.  Do you buy supplies?  Do you chastise unruly soldiers?  How do you proceed into battle?  Do you rob farmers you come across or let them go on their way peacefully?  Things like that.  This general idea, I felt, was very immersing and I enjoyed it greatly.  The problem comes when the player cannot predict through investigation, or mitigate through skillful gameplay, an extremely negative consequence of a seemingly innocuous situation.  Let me give you an example...**Some mild spoilers**At some point you pass some merchants, and if you ask them if they can spare any supplies, it turns out the supplies are either spoiled or poisoned, and it costs you a significant amount of supplies and morale later on down the road.  There was no way to tell that the merchants were sinister, and no reason to expect they would poison their own food (you didn't steal from them, you asked to trade).At another point, your group is trying to get into a walled city to bolster your defenses.  If you spend too long investigating, 2 of your playable characters run off and try to solve the problem on their own, and are killed.Things like that are really demoralizing and made it difficult for me to enjoy playing the game.  This is exacerbated by the fact that there is only 1 currency in the game: renown.  You get renown for killing enemies and by making certain choices at junctions along the caravan path.  You use renown to purchase items, purchase supplies, and most notably, to purchase promotions (levels) for your playable characters.  The frustrating thing is, you frequently can't tell when a decision will cause one of these characters to die, or betray you, or if one of these characters will simply not follow you into the next chapter, resulting in a complete waste of this limited and extremely valuable resource.I don't mind punishment for insufficient investigation or poor gameplay, but when a player is punished seemingly at random, and when the only way to ensure a good outcome is to look up the solutions in advance, I get a little frustrated, because I can't enjoy the game either way at that point.  I can't use my skills or intuition to ensure a good result, and/or I can't enjoy the plot naturally because i'm too busy looking at solutions to prevent bad outcomes, so nothing is a surprise.Some people may not have the same problems I had.  If you're the kind of person who doesnt mind just ""rolling with the punches"" and seeing what happens, then this might not bother you, but you might find yourself in a pretty difficult situation later on if most of the guys you spent the entire game promoting end up dying senselessly in some random roadside conversation tree (did I mention the battles in this game were hard, regardless?)So... I don't know.  Beyond this seemingly random choice-based brutality, the game really is very good and I enjoyed it, for the most part.  Banner Saga ends on a cliffhanger so undoubtedly there will be a sequel or sequels, and in all likelihood I will play them, but I think the game would be significantly improved by a tweaking of the random ♥♥♥♥♥slap event mechanic.  Give us the chance to investigate a situation and make the right choice.  Give players the chance to use intuition (or in some situation primary game mechanics) to dig themselves out of a mistake or difficult event... because having 1/3 of your party die because you arbitrarily spent too long investigating a location is just a figurative kick in the balls with no upside.I recommend this game, if for no other reason than it was a good first effort into what I believe could be a very excellent series of games, and I hope Stoic continues to work on it and find a slightly better balance between difficulty and random punishment."
,Recommended,237990,9114666,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SomeKindOfMojo,"By far the best game I have played in a long time. The Story and Characters are amazing and filled with depth. This game is artful. Other games will have flashy eye candy, rapid pacing, but this game doesn't need it. The game play will rend and tear at your soul, slowly and gracefully. Stopping only to see the scenery. But Each choice you make, will haunt you.There is no hand holding in this game, it drops you straight into tough choices.  And they only get tougher. Sometime they will remind you every step along the way, slowly and gracefully. Like your best warrior only has one arm, because you failed him... that one time.It's like pushing on brusies. This game is amazing."
76561198050779313,Recommended,237990,16680989,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Enlonwhite,"I really did like how this Game could tell a story in its style, this game had alot of potential. I will say however that the story is a bit dissatisfying. Its like reading half a book only to find out that the other half is missing and none of your questions are even close to answered.As for this caravan thing, its ok.....wait why am i spending all my renown on supplies for Rooks end just to keep people eating? I felt that if I wanted to be the responsible leader and good guy I had to Screw myself over on hero training. Which in doing so means harder fights, which lead to more wounded heros, which lead to having to wait one or two days extra sometimes to have them unwounded for the next fight with them still being ranked 2 at the end. I felt more like a picked on Role Playing player with a GM that had the I amd going to Screw you over til i kill you til you bleed out your.....(Details not expressed for rules and guidelines reasons).Oh and I really think the combat system is actually ok until you forgot to wound the last two enemies and they can waste most your team due to the way they can fast act with this every other turn a enemy goes til there is one left only. I would like to point out that most of my team was at full strength and half my team was at full Armor.  So my only complaint on combat is the Turn based part,  I really think if you outnumber the enemy at about a 2 to one sytem that you start getting a few I get to move two heros before you move one guy thing, and no not saying that it should be for every turn just like every three or four moves you now get a back to back one instead of this you move i move thing. Would make having more numbers that you actaully earned worthwhile.So EVEN with all this Issues and somewhat unbalanced turn combat system, yes i would still recommend this game, THAT is if there is a Second that actually answers all the first ones questions.... This story really has some potential, it does. I just find alot of the story is put on the 3rd priority list when the game was advertised as a 1st priority story game. And to all those going to play this game, DO NOT WORRY ABOUT buying SUPPLIES for THE FIRST GROUPS CHAPTER (The Varl leaders) Just spend most of it on Hero Ranks and even items if you got spare as you will end up not even using the last of your supplies and at end game you first group will join the second and you will not need to have much more then a few more days of supplies anyways at that point. (so might as well have tougher Heros granted that will be the only group to hit rank 5 on most heros then.) Since I do see a Advertisment for Banner Saga 2 I will recommend the game for storyline purposes Only."
,Recommended,237990,16682643,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Doop,I love the story eventhough i cant tell you anybodies name in it.
,Recommended,237990,16684940,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ソット殺し,"A great game!! I would recommend this game to anyone who loves rpg games. The game allowes you to make choices and that will determine what will happen. The combat is great and has a different but similar feel to it. THE MUSIC IS AMAZING, the sound track IS PERFECT, it changes the songs right in the perfect places. The art style is beutiful and very colorful, it makes you feel like you are there. The game overall took me about ten hours to complete and is great for anyone looking for a rpg that you must make many choices as well as recource management. The game is great, that's what I'm saying."
76561198088870243,Recommended,237990,16436686,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Meeren,"Visually pleasing, nice music, interesting story.However choices dont alter the main story only your resources and heroes. The combat is not very complex."
76561198015664812,Recommended,237990,16437754,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[WTF]ThePunisher,I enjoy this game . It has a great vibe to it and is just what i have been looking for ... Thank you A plus...
,Recommended,237990,8759783,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Hippiebeard,"Amazing game all over. I loved the art, the story was captivating, the actual gameplay feels really good as well, and of course it's a lot of fun :) (Also the soundtrack by Austin Wintory is AMAZING!)"
76561198032583154,Recommended,237990,16725446,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Onizuka Eikichi,"While it's true the story and mechanics seem to lack some refinement, i still enjoyed (and still do) this game a lot.Imo its biggest strength is replayability: Since I'm kind of a perfectionist, I'm in my third playthorugh right now, tryingto produce the optimal outcome for my clansmen and heroes(and often fialing horribly :D).All in all i really like the setting and feel of the game, and will probably end up with 5 playthroughs."
,Recommended,237990,16620460,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,vein,"Nice Game 8.5/10Artwork : 10/10.. all playable character is unique, smooth,and rich of animation.Gameplay : 8/10.. loves the endless journey mechanicTactics : 8/10.. simple but hardcore. I'll give 9/10 if I can undo the movement (too lazy to check range attack)Story : 10/10.. so much to say but it will be full of spoileretc : 7/10.. found a bug, but with little patience reading bug forum, I can resolve it. (the score will be 9.5 without this bug)."
,Recommended,237990,16636478,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kampy*,Excellent game. The game art is beautiful and the music is nice. The story is deep and the choices you make change the outcome of the game. The gameplay was fun enough for me to beat it again right after having beat it the first time.
,Recommended,237990,16640747,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Redlyfs,"I gathered the caravan and head out, leaving behind a ruined town. Smoke still smoldering from the recent infighting while refugees continued pouring in, threatening to implode the city like a rotten bloated frog.As we reach the hill side, a scout called out. ""Dredges!! On our tail!""I look beyond the sea of people, spotting shadows. It can't be dredges, I thought. Too small.As they drew closer, it was that traitorous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that almost killed us. ""Form ranks! Caravan press on!"".The group drew closer, weapons readied. Their leader however, walked past his lapdogs and addressed me like old friends. ""Friend, I surrender"", he said. ""Take me prisoner. And let us escape the dredges""Without a word, I slowly drew my bow. My daughter cried out from behind. ""No! You can't!""Someday, you'd understand. But for now, I'll do what had to be done. I glanced at my trusted friend. He gave me the barest nod.The traitor stood unflinchingly even as I slowly nock an arrow. And shot the insane ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through his unwavering left eye.I heard her collapse. SobbingWithout another look, I turned for the caravans. Let's press on.10/10 would shoot him again.OR maybe I'll kill him the moment I meet him. Who knows? That's for another saga to tell."
76561197994784617,Recommended,237990,16659615,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,s0phist,Amazing
,Recommended,237990,16661514,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CalmTiger,"Wow...great visuals, elements of oregon trail, xcom, and chose your own adventure! Amazing game from this indie developer."
76561198002759061,Recommended,237990,16663364,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,shanaynay2k,Excellent game play with an amazing story and relatable characters that you care about. (Which can also lead to heartbreak when they die.) It's a little bit like Oregon Trail where you have to make sure you keep food stuffs on you or your caravan members will die. The battles are similar to Final Fantasy Tactics but with different stats which make you reevaluate old battle strategies. The story is great. Overall excellent game.
76561198025026840,Recommended,237990,18334756,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,royerchr,Very good turn based game.  I liked it a lot.
76561198051249829,Recommended,237990,18335434,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LessTenaciousD,"Banner Saga makes George R.R. Martin's love for killing characters look like a Dr. Seuss book. When I reached the end, this game reeled back and punched me right in the feels, but I loved every second of it."
,Recommended,237990,18364055,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BaconsaurusRex,"This game blended fun and interesting gameplay with a unique storyline that is easy to follow and makes sense. The artwork in the game is phenominal, you truely feel transported into the Banner Saga world. There is so much detail in the environments that you just want to look around. The game is relatively short (I beat it in about 15 hours) but it is an amazing experience."
76561198028986511,Recommended,237990,18346492,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,DarkAngel567,"Epic Game!Gorgeous Art!Heartwealming Soundtrack!Flowing Gameplay!A story line in a complex, intriguing, fantastic original world that will make you without a sahdow of a doubt so invested in the characters and their future that you will suffer every time something happens you didnt execpt, and your character suffers for it, as well as the joy and increadle amount of satisfaction that your going to get from acheiving your goals and finally after hours of EPIC gameplay the end of the first part of this mindblowing saga."
76561198064235527,Recommended,237990,18332537,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,deanmt94,"SPOILERSWith graphics that look like they have come fresh from a high-budget animated film, this game is best described as an interactive novel with combat. There is almost no voice acting, but you just end up imagining voices and accents in your head, like we all did back when we read books. The characters are compelling, the story gripping and the moral dilemmas you must answer maddening. Is it better for you to lose a few soldiers for some of your civilians to get away, or for you to lose some civilians so you can hit the enemy harder later on? The story mostly focuses on the return of a terrifying race called the Dredge, who are slaughtering their way through both Humans and a race of giants called the Varl. All this is set in a world that obviously recalls Scandinavia - a world in which the Sun shines perpetually after having just mysteriously stopped in the sky one day. There is a haunting soundtrack that perfectly captures the whole atmosphere of desperation and impending doom that accompanies the travels of your caravan across half a continent, and the world itself is packed full of lore for those who like that sort of thing. The only downside that occurs to me is that the combat can get very repetetive. But that really is a tiny thing in an otherwise brilliant game.PROS:-Excellent, long story-Excellent graphics-Plenty of lore-Good soundtrackCONS:-Lack of voice acting-Slightly repetetive gameplay9/10"
,Recommended,237990,18331245,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Zakeeus,"Short, sweet, made me cry. Make more, please."
,Recommended,237990,18337040,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Deceitful Drongo,"GG NO RE. Actually, youll probably want to play it over at some point (prob not right away). def very GG tho"
,Recommended,237990,18406070,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TutiDelme,"One of my favorite games.Love the artstyle, the combat mechanics are good, really immersive story.The only thing to critizice is the lack of voice acting and cutscenes, makes it a litle bit plain to get involved."
76561198045437759,Recommended,237990,18420374,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Saint Ballista,"One of the best games I ever played. Doesn't matter how good the next games on the trilogy will be, this game and it's story will forever stick with me."
,Recommended,237990,8826702,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Draphsor,"Beautiful, great music, fun gameplay, and a nice tone. Recommended."
,Recommended,237990,8826834,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,(/._.\) oh no,"Bit short, but gorgeous and very replayable (since it plays out based on your choices). Battles are pretty challenging, but rewarding as well. definitely worth the price"
76561198013312453,Recommended,237990,8826857,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Handosan,"One of the better kickstarter releases. In fact, it tops my list. The environment, the music, and the story. They draw you in like a child with a story book. I was so upset the game ended I immediately looked up the situation, only to find King and their legal issues impending on further content. This game plays like an epic where you choose the direction of the characters' actions. The strategic gameplay is well implemented. My one critique is the inability to promote or change items in the character select screen before a battle. An easy fix considering it's the same screen available when those options are possible. So well done, keep up the good work. Gimme some sequals or extra content soon."
76561198020361933,Recommended,237990,8967697,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Spenski,"Banner Saga has a slightly frustrating, highly tactical, and slow-paced combat system, but is supported with a compelling (if not slightly short) story along with outstanding musical scores. Visually, the landscape is crisp and stunning, while the characters look like something from an Aqua Teen Hunger Force episode.Overall, the artwork and chess-like combat work very well together. That weaved with a fantastic player-choice based story and a $25 pricetag make this game more than worth a playthrough or two.ps- Chapter 1 doesn't quite put the game's best foot forward. Push through to chapter 2, and be wary of strangers..."
,Recommended,237990,8967874,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Bollockoff,"It's a tactical turn based RPG that takes an amazing ascent away from the dull sameyness of open world adventures and says ""Right, ♥♥♥♥ it. Pass me the Viking Blood and lets get on the road and under pressure where the player will feel swept up in genuine events that are unfolding as time waits naught for him nor the comrades, kin and clansmen he'l lose on the way.""It's good."
,Recommended,237990,8968092,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cinix,"Wonderful gameplay, nice art and well told story. This game is wonderful and I can't wait for either its next release or an expansion to continue to address what we're missing in the first part."
76561197990038329,Recommended,237990,8968191,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Firebreak,I don't think it is for everyone but I really loved this game from the art direction and story to the gameplay.  I think that some of the bumps in the game will frustrate some but overall I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,237990,8968927,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Snow,"Seriously.Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game.I hate, /hate/ turn based combat, but this game made it tolerable. I also hate some of the leveling systems, but this one has an interesting way of leveling (kills in combat, instead of something like XP). The art style is absolutely beautiful, and the soundtrack is one of the best I've ever experienced. The roleplaying elements are also quite good, and it's the only game that's actually had me tearjerk with one of it's endings.Absolutely beautiful and fantastic game. I recommend this to almost anyone who is looking for a good RPG with a great soundtrack and art style."
,Recommended,237990,8737707,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Hypoxic,Fantastic story telling with interesting choices and plot.  Great music.Highly recommended
76561198006614873,Recommended,237990,8743763,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,leuchebreu,"Great :AtmosphereSound track and sonud designStoryCharactersGameplayNot so great:Limited voice actingA few bugs here and thereyou Will like this game if you're ok with lots of reading, using your imagination(characters are not voiced, and there is a lot of descriptions).I strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,237990,9060731,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,aoihekireki,"Beautiful art style. Interesting story. Nice switch between two main groups of characters. Battle system is good, makes you think and use what you have. Feels like I am watching a movie or a story unfold and making some choices as to how the story goes along the way. Battle system reminds me of Fire Emblem, and luckily if your character falls in battle they are not dead and gone as in Fire Emblem.All in all a really solid game! I am enjoying it very much!"
76561197986568110,Recommended,237990,9040099,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shtyles,"LOVE IT.  I just wish there was more.  The 17 hours I played is to the end - This is the first game in a long time where you feel that you have a direct influence on the course of events.  For all you oldies' like me out there, this feels almost like a choose your own adventure with some strategy mixed in.Just a warning it that it is pretty bleak but I bet would make a great book.Great game!"
,Recommended,237990,9040679,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The MC85,Simply one of the best games I have ever played.
76561197975267600,Recommended,237990,9043154,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kuedo,The norse is strong in this one.
76561198010853938,Recommended,237990,9043344,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,teslamatic,"A brilliant experience in the line of golden PC games, where every decision feels important, the world is rich in history and the storyline is both epic and original.I grabbed this in a christmas sale deal for under 20EUR, but frankly, it is well worth its full price tag. Beautifully done, and finally an indie game which brings not only innovation, but also great production values.A absolute must have for every PC gamer."
,Recommended,237990,9045954,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,shaquile o'feel,"there is no ""good end"" is there?"
,Recommended,237990,10951868,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ShadowXangeL,"A beautiful art style, decision driven RPG narrative, medium length play-time & tactical turn-based combat had me hooked for a week and warrant multiple play thrus!"
,Recommended,237990,11138222,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Frazzadon,"Awesome game.Story which is easy to get into but complex and well thought out enough to keep it interesting, beautiful art style and solid combat.Get it."
,Recommended,237990,11138408,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,HiddenImam,"Probably the best story-driven epic RPG out there on the market at the moment.Based largely on revisiting the Nordic pagan epos (with an admixture of some evidentl Slavic elements) it gives us a tale of a world where the death of all gods, the analogue of Nordic Ragnarok, has just happened and  mythical creatures and humans fight or stand together to make sense of the world that remains."
76561198106558641,Recommended,237990,12293199,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,GrassyAlbatross,"This was one of my favorite games that I've played in a long time. Its not long enough in my opinion, but its really enjoyable."
,Recommended,237990,12303418,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,snowman7784,"Great art, great music. Good story. Fun game play."
76561198052495950,Not Recommended,237990,12369369,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,iamthespark,"The good:The art work is excellent and something that always makes me come back to this game.The combat system is solid.The bad:The game didnt capture my attention and therefore I have not finished it, and doubt I will finish it.  I initially thought I could choose which character to play, but that was not the case.  I also thought there would be some voice acting, but that was also not the case.In the end:I would be interested in future releases from this company, but this one didn't engage me as much as I hoped."
76561197990612639,Recommended,237990,12371043,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,siggi,The Vikingest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,237990,12380306,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,thewhistles,"This game is TOUGH. It's a must-have for anyone who enjoys strategy. The combat is, in a sense, similar to chess. The difference is you get to choose which pieces to use.The music and animation are excellent. Dialogue brings extremely tough choices all the time, where it often feels like no choice will turn out well. You're running out of food, morale, and soldiers all the time, which makes it feel even more difficult.This is an excellent game with no similar products on the market."
76561197966543763,Recommended,237990,11039818,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,fRodos_,"Great setting, even better story telling. The presentation is amazing. If you pay attention, and try to be one with the story, you can pretty much make reasonable decisions throughout your playthrough, which is highly rewarding, especially if you play a 2nd time differently, and get to see that you really DID make a good decision... or not :)The battle system is a bit above average, I liked it, fits the game itself. Armor and HP/Attackpower. Works.Recommended if you like a rich story, and a quite unforgettable adventure presented in a nice way, with a just above average battle system. 6.5/10"
76561197971033029,Recommended,237990,12362233,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,WookieeLove,"I really enjoyed The Banner Saga, though I admit it took me a little bit to go into at first.The game wasn't exactly what I was expecting. I don't know if that's the fault of marketing or my own impressions, but I was at first a bit taken aback by how the game was laid out.  So for those reading this who are considering buying the game and haven't played it, or watched a ""Let's Play"" yet, here's how I would describe:  there's actually not much ""gameplay"", in the traditional sense, beyond the turn-based combat.I expected more activity akin to a traditional role-playing game.  Instead, Banner Saga presents most of the game in an interactive narrative.  You will do a LOT of reading.  There's very little voice work.  There's definitely a strong influence from The Oregon Trail, believe it or not.  There's a sequence in the game itself that confirms that impression, but I won't spoil it.  I would also compare it to a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure novel, or a choice system from a table-top RPG such as DnD.  You manage how your companions travel, you worry about retaining supplies, dealing with morale, planning how to set up for combat in various tactical situations, making tough moral choices along the road, etc.  Many of these things can and will affect the story, sometimes in very major ways.  There's enough variety in the choices you can make that it lends potential replayability if you'd like to go through again and see how else things might shake out.Speaking of which, if you're playing this game for the story, you will not be disappointed (with perhaps the exception of the fact that this is part of a planned trilogy, so guess what, no 100% resolution at the end, sorry!)  The writing in this game is top-notch.  If you're a Game of Thrones fan, you will most likely feel twinges of familiarity, as this game is NOT afraid to have bad things happen to good people.Other production values, such as  the art, are also beautiful.  The art style was heavily influenced by various famous animators who pioneered ""realistic"" animation, many of them have namesakes as characters in the game.  The art very strongly reminded me of the early disney style from the 60's and 70's.Regarding the combat, I really enjoyed it.  I've seen some reviews harp on it for a lack of variety, because of ""missing"" elements which are often included in other tactics games, such as terrain, asymmetrical unit bonuses, etc.  I think that's a bit unfair.  Banner Saga's combat system is unique and offers a lot of depth.  The element of your strength number being both your attack power and your health creates a very intricate and enjoyable decision-making dynamic that I haven't experienced in any other strategy games I've played.I also enjoyed the squad composition element.  I played with all sorts of unit combinations and no particular one ever struck me as inherently over-powered, and I enjoyed the experimentation.  I'm sure someone could find a way to break the game, but as a serious-if-not-professional gamer, I was happy with what was on offer.  Admittedly I haven't messed around with the Free-To-Play multiplayer component yet, so the previous perspective is entirely from my single player experience.Basically, this is a viking-themed, mature, fleshed out and well-designed update of the Oregon Trail/Choose Your Own Adventure formula with a fresh take on turn-based tactical combat with an extremel rich narrative, peppered with RPG elements throughout both modes of play.  It is executed extremely well.  If that sounds even remotely interesting to you, I recommend buying this game.  I do not think you will be disappointed."
76561198085062982,Recommended,237990,12320331,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rebus_8,"Quite simply one of the best games of its kind I have ever played. I have played through it three times and will not stop there. It is the first part of a trilogy, and I can not wait for the second part. It is a beautiful game, with stunning music and fantastic gameplay. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,237990,12321597,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ysucae,"I bought this game only for the friggin gorgeous animations.I got a solid tactical sort-of rpg about death, tragedy, betrayal, sacrifice, and bleakness.A little short but really nice while it lasts."
,Recommended,237990,12200416,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mandalorian,"Beautiful art work and a great story are backed up by solid turn based combat. The difficulty is, however, quite high. ~ 8/10"
76561197969208192,Recommended,237990,12201659,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Katter$,"A really unique game. The combat is awesome. The story is okay. I didn't like how the story progresses as much as I thought I would, but the combat and the art are just so good."
76561198034419095,Recommended,237990,12205407,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,1nfernal,"Clearly one of the best games in this decade. Great story, beautiful art und deep tactical combat! You are searching a real diamond? Here it is..."
,Recommended,237990,12206774,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Klingsor,"Best tactics game I have played in a long time. Great production values, especially for an indie game. I really can't recommend this game enough, it's amazing, deep and beautiful."
76561198099033008,Recommended,237990,12208175,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,squerc,"what a story guys, what a story"
76561198047955181,Recommended,237990,9821392,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Doggo,"Didn't know what to expect from this game, I purchased it on a whim. Luckily for me, it turned out to be a real joy to play. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed Fallout or Final Fantasy Tactics."
76561198030735719,Recommended,237990,9825802,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ajfilterchord,"Fun turn-based tactics game from Bioware Alumns, definitely reccommend."
76561198013086992,Recommended,237990,10850410,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jfk420,I was enthralled with this game and I could not stop playing it. I wish there was more I would definetly buy dlc or expainsion for it. One of my favorites and I will play it through many times.
76561198009315129,Recommended,237990,10852126,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ferret,"Incredibly enthralling tactical rpg. The turn system was a little un-intuitive in my opinion, but overall I couldn't stop playing the game until it ended. I also thought it was a little short but that's because I consumed it in only a few sittings where I couldn't tear myself away from one more day or one more battle. It's certaintly a game that will have multiple play throughs with different decisions, characters and tactics to use."
76561198028172245,Recommended,237990,10854215,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Loogi,It was ok.
76561198002641088,Recommended,237990,10855545,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,riccy d,"WowGreat story; intresting characters, deep lore/backstory, challenging combat and wonderful artstyle. all these elements should come together to make an amazing game, but you can't adjust the volume levels or manually save.minus one gollum out of 7 hobbit points."
,Recommended,237990,10856313,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Torquemada,"Interesting, great atmosphere. Look forward to completing the experience."
76561197963103522,Recommended,237990,10856556,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Noob 2.1,"First impression after about 20 min.It's beautiful.  It's like the old Rankin & Bass animations (The Hobbit, or The Last Unicorn), but you get to control some of the action.  The action plays like a pretty standard Frontmission/FF Tactics style so far.I'm pleased."
,Recommended,237990,10857966,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,coneil49,"Great gameplay, story and soooooo pretty. Buy it now"
,Recommended,237990,10858583,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Stig,"This game to me is almost the spiritual successor to the 90's Oregon Trail game. Outside of combat it plays very similar to that old classic. Decisions on the road carry weight as the consequences can be as dire as losing a treasured party member or losing much needed supplies or they can be as positive as gaining a new, powerful ally.The combat is almost like a game of chess. It plays a little differently than other turn based games, like X-Com, in that with no environmental cover you often use your more sturdy characters as cover for you weaker ones. To me it was almost more challenging that way. Each move had to be planned out so as to give cover to your weak units but make sure not to box them in where they are unable to move into an attack position.But what really shines about this game is the art style and the score. The art style reminded me of the old Hobbit cartoon movie, its very well done and immerses you into a unique and beautiful atmosphere. But even the lovely stylized graphics can't hold a candle to the music. In a game with very few voice-overs and a primarily text based character interaction, the music is vital. And it delivers, in spades. Similar to games like Flower and Journey, the music is the main vehicle for emotion in this game and it does its job extremely well.Overall I had a very pleasant playthrough of The Banner Saga and look forward to another run at it to see how the different choices play out. Highly recommended, and I'd suggest buying the game/soundtrack combo, because as I said, the soundtrack is wonderful."
76561198070569456,Recommended,237990,10859310,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,79tomato,"Beautiful Game, worth the money."
,Recommended,237990,10861294,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,inverse404,"Another great game all about storytelling and real role playing. Very innovative as well, but be warned the harsh story is hard to stomach at time. Try easy mode on first playthrough as it is quite hard enough already.Also DO NOT have Alette shoot the silver arrow, or you might feel let down like having to watch Mass Effect 3's ending all over again. Have Rook do it!"
76561198010529256,Recommended,237990,10800806,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,m.l.ink,"Absolutely amazing! Best strategy turn-base RPG that I have played in years. The Team at Stoic definitely have my vote for game of the year! Extremely beautiful hand drawn art and a story that really does change based upon the actions that you make.Don't think about buying this game... JUST BUY THE BANNER SAGA NOW,  AND FALL IN LOVE WITH IT!"
76561198075137614,Recommended,237990,10801395,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jobforalowell,Amazing visuals.  Can easily get lost into the storyline for hours.
76561198027158508,Recommended,237990,10801833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Admiral Piett,"Beautiful. Atmospheric, ethereal, enchanting. Terrific soundtrack. Excellent turn based combat. Love it."
76561197980204016,Recommended,237990,10802893,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,valen1,"Cool art style, good story, fun combat."
76561198006425438,Recommended,237990,10803070,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ravaan,"Absolutely awesome game. Stunning artwork and simple gameplay mechanic with a real edge of difficulty. Before it gets boring the game ends, which you are bleak about and eager for more (lucking that is coming)."
,Recommended,237990,10803346,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spunz,"Absolutely beautiful adventure in an Game of Thrones meets skyrim epic adventure. Really loved this game, the atmosphere was astonishing and the scenery mind blowingly pretty. Buy this game, now!"
76561197985880662,Recommended,237990,8766974,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,victorolosaurus,"First up, it's very short given the price, finished in 8 hours.On the other hand: it's really beautiful, has a solid story and nice fighting system."
76561198007944739,Recommended,237990,8767925,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,W4nd3rer,"This game is more like a tale from ancient times, where you play the characters. The fighting is well made and you get used to it very fast. Great game, great story!"
76561197994490550,Recommended,237990,8768882,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Grimvarr,"The Banner Saga is a very engrossing game, with powerful narrative and a real sense that every choice you make will have unforseen consequences down the line. The world is very rich and teems with backstory, giving a real sense of epic-ness. Unfortunately, it's also very short, and ends rather abruptly, leaving many important plot-points unexplained. Apparantly there are to be sequels at some later date, but after only ten hours of playtime, it left me feeling unsatisfied and a little cheated. The story is a good one, but it is unfinished in a very big way. Rather than feeling like the first volume in a trilogy, it feels more like a prologue, like a demo that only shows you a hint of what is to come in the full game. Unfortunately, this is the full game.All in all, it is a stunningly beautiful game with gorgeous artwork, a good soundtrack, excellent gameplay, and a heroic saga as a storyline. That said, the saga is utterly incomplete, leaving a profound sense of WTF upon the suddenly (and unexpectedly) rolling credits. I will recommend this game, with the caveat that there is no closure at the end."
76561197997737028,Recommended,237990,8769734,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,azareon,"Ten years ago I would have stayed the hell away from turn-based strategy games (including tactical rpgs). But I seem to have grown wiser and more open-minded. Or maybe the games have gotten better. One half of a dozen and six of the other.As for the Banner Saga itself, while I didn't back it on Kickstarter (because I found out about it too late), the concept of fantasy vikings battling each other intrigued me.Now I have the finished product in hand and I can only say... money well spent!Yes, the game's hand-drawn backgrounds and animation cutscenes don't have a prayer against current generation graphic engines, but I don't mind that. It gives the game a unique charm. And, as it has been said before, as long as the gameplay is organic and intuitive, the rest of the game can look like §$%&! and people will still play it. Fortunately the Banner Saga has really amazing artwork. One example that comes to mind is that you can always see the main characters in your caravan walking at the front. And the gameplay is what I just said, organic and intuitive. Nothing seems tacked on or out of place, although the strategic battles could have used a bit more finetuning. But this is just my nitpicking and by no means a dealbreaker.So in short, yes, I do recommend this game."
76561198020693964,Recommended,237990,8769800,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Gaijin Deviant,Beautiful art work that kinda reminds me of how I felt when I used to play Dragons lair as a kid. A story where you feel for the protagonists and want them to live. A turn based strategy game that is pretty hard ( I like a challenge). Recommended!
76561198026523171,Recommended,237990,8770213,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Stefoo,amazing game !
,Recommended,237990,8770670,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,๖҈ۣۜǤʁۜąۜpۜɫ5tASS,"A very engaging storyline, beautiful artstyle, fun combat, and interesting lore! Best game I've played in a long time."
76561198038059248,Recommended,237990,8770955,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jabroni,"This game is a stunner! That cannot be stated enough as you huff it up mountain landscapes that give a real sense of how dire times have become but you're always on the edge to see what's coming up over the crest of that hill. The gameplay is something not often found in that it's lovingly drawn 2 dimensional characters are given 3 dimensional personalities and you find yourself wanting to both slap and warm to many, just to try and put a smile on someones face!Combat finds you in a battle field and you can't help but look it over to give a picture of what the place you're fighting in feels like, adding continuity to the story. The character animations are given from every angle and every character has their own unique style and blend to lend you in the fight against...whoever happens to be hungry, brave, stupid, ignorant, irritating or evil enough to risk it. Having said this, fighting is not the only way to solve problems in this game and you will find yourself making complex decisions as you assume command and control of what happens to your caravan, friends and family.Decision making in the game can be incredibly tense, both active and passively, but sometimes it does feel like many of the options would lead to the same result (unless you pick the extreme option to just pummel someone in the face). Some character animations are lacking during cut scenes, but the strong story filled with twists and b*♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at every turn it's hard to fault.Overall this game is an excellent and uplifting stratergy game that leaves it's mark on the genre and I would recommend buying it!"
,Recommended,237990,8771324,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,burgethebeardedwonder,Beautiful disney like graphics meets games of thrones style bleakness.  Hardcore turnbased battles (makes xcom seem like a casual game) mixed with decision making sections and dialogue trees typical of rpg games (this is not an rpg but has heavy rpg elements at times).  Fantastic game.
76561198079950518,Recommended,237990,8771462,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,(Nickers),"One of the best games i've played in a while. The Oregon Trail feel is great, because if you make a wrong decision a person you would use in a fight to give you an upperhand is now dead. Every playthrough can have different choices giving it different endings, also while making it highly replayable. If you can get this game, I highly recomend you do."
76561198045749779,Recommended,237990,8771949,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,LAMB,"This is an amazing game, buy it now. They make you really connect and feel for the characters brilliant!!!I give my first playthrough a 8/10 :D"
,Recommended,237990,8762623,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Judgmental Momoe,Only played it for an hour and it's already awesome. Though it is a bit unneccesarily hard.
,Recommended,237990,8773210,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,GSG,This is my favorite turn-based strategy game since Final Fantasy Tactics (X-Com being the other)
76561198008194586,Recommended,237990,8773865,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Blakavar,"Buy it. For sure. When it goes on sale.Graphics:  10Sound: 8Gameplay: 7Story: 6Value: 5Banner Saga is a refreshingly-beautiful game. I can't even tell you how many times I stopped playing and stared at the game. I love the 2D hand-drawn look of the graphics. They perfectly capture a world of Viking Low-Fantasy. Time and again, I was impressed with what they were able to do with simple 2D graphics. There's a moment in the game where I literally held my breath as the whole world seemed to be in motion. Truly awesome.The music pulls you in, and creates the atmosphere. It seemlessly changes when things get scary, and the deluxe version of the game comes with a soundtrack which I'm sure to listen to again. Sound effects are effective and excitied. There are a few times when the game is so sparse with sound, I had to check my speakers. Also, there is precious little voice-acting (you will read A LOT of text). I understand that you get that with an indie game, but the graphics and music set the bar so high, that the lack of voice acting throughout felt like a let down.The gameplay is great. Any fan of turn-based strategy will love the depth of fighting tactics. There isn't a lot of help, though, so I found myself guessing a lot about what stats did what, and just how exactly powers would affect my enemies. There is an always-available ""training"" mode which will allow you to practice your tactics as much as you would like. Also, changes you make to stats affect the game in ways I didn't totally understand. A second playthrough will be a lot better. I would have liked a better tutorial on the gameplay.The resource management is extremely spare. There is one resource (renown) which serves a money to make purchases, and as experience, to level up your characters. Spend too much on one thing, and you'll be hurting. You have no idea when supplies will be available from a market, so I often over-spent on supplies, leaving my characters pretty weak. In an expansion or sequel, I'd like to see the resource management completely overhauled.The story is interesting, and the characters are well-done. I genuinely liked my heroes, and I cared about what happened to them. The story is extremely linear (almost literally - your part moves along a straight line across the map to the next encounter). The description suggests that you can get a different game every time, based on choices you make, but I have the feeling the changes are mostly superficial (get one new recruit, instead of an other; get a piece of treasure, or not, depending on your choices). It's also very, very short.And that is my main complaint with this game. I finished the entire game in less than 10 hours, and that counts going back to previous saves to try things in a different way. There were a lot of loose ends that just got dropped. I can see them coming back into a sequel or expansion, but there was no promise or lead-up for that. If I spent $25 on a hard-bound coffee table book of the art, I'd feel like it was a good deal. But for a game, the price seems steep. Had the price been $9.99 I would recommend this game to EVERYONE, without reservation. I want to be a supporter of indie games, but I feel a little bit gouged when I pay that much for a game that is worth, maybe 2 or 3 nights of gameplay.Wait for it to go on sale, but when it does, snatch it up. Looking forward to an expansion."
,Recommended,237990,8774128,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fressi,"This game is amazing ! If you like a game with a greate atmosphere and very exelent combat mechanics this should be you choice . The decisions are really deep and hard , so you don't know if it was a good decision to do that or now , soetimes you feel guilty for what you have done . You travel a lot in this game and it isn't boring a all , there are events amazing thing that can happen while you travel . The soundtrack is really good , too . Sometimes there is no music at all , but when there is , you have some ♥♥♥♥ing awesome moments . Every character is unique and can offer help in some situations ."
76561198059517490,Recommended,237990,8774143,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,George V,"Just wow. I don't remember when a game gripped me so fast and relentlessly. Just the perfect blend of turn based combat, RPG and text adventure."
,Recommended,237990,8789477,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,PatTheDemon,Delivers on everything it promises.
,Recommended,237990,8789397,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,CosmicCastles,Excellent game... music and artwork are among the best in any game I've played in years (reminds me of the Hobbit animated film from 1977). The intentional slow pace forces you to slow down and enjoy the aethetics. Looking forward to the next installments.
76561198003389120,Recommended,237990,8790259,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Johnny Three Fingers,"love the artwork... but, ohh my can this game be hard.. lol"
,Recommended,237990,8790625,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,battlepope[Laser Guided Bibles],This game was awesome
76561197964956533,Recommended,237990,8790644,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,OrangeJulius,"Great story, art, gameplay. Basically no tutorial unfortunately, but once you give it an hour or two you'll have it mostly down. It's probably my favorite game of the past 6 months."
76561198093815295,Recommended,237990,8791025,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,NecessaryEvil,"I love this game! Having played Fire Emblem and XCom (ever since their first games), I can say that I am experienced in this genre. This game is nothing like FE or XCom. It has a unique combat system, Strength is both health and damage, along with an excellent story, whose outcome is based purely on your in-game desicions. I should note that there are hundreds of them and each is a crucial factor for the next. I highly recommend this game if you can handle being the leader after the world has turned into complete and utter crap."
76561198054922804,Recommended,237990,8791482,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Hagar The Horrendous,"Great game. It was entertaining all the way through. Could have done with more voice acting, or at the very least the narrator could have told the story more often."
,Recommended,237990,8792056,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,RedComet,"Good Story, decent strategy, good use of my free time!"
76561198038290352,Recommended,237990,8792595,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Azg,"One of the best linear story PC games I have ever played. Combat system is frustrating however: a fixed alternating initiative order means that the more enemies you kill the faster the remaining ones fight (often leaving weak enemies alive is better than finishing them off, and letting weak play characters die is helpful). A major, unacceptable, drawback that cripples the non-story part of the game and ruins immersion (""no no, let him die: we will fight faster""). 7/10"
,Recommended,237990,8792635,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Rusc,"Buy The Banner Saga, no exseptions. Fantastic game, the story is wonderfull and full, the game play is hard well crafted but rewarding every victory really feels that way all on top of the moral and strategic choices that you have to make on the way, really do make you feel like part of this world and only grow your attachment to the characters, really makeing you care about the people or, resent people in your party and along your travels.  Even now I think back to how I could have fought that one fight better or how if I had done that insted, but all in all the a Fantastic experience bringing this story to a satisfying or in my case a sad but respected end leaving enough to keep me looking forward to the next instalment.  Absolutely steller 10/10 I can definitely see myself playing this again to see what would have happend if I had made different choices along the way."
76561197988174755,Recommended,237990,8792665,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,N1. Nerdskies,"This game has some really tough decisions to make as a leader. I learnt alot about myself, like that I would make a freaking terrible leader and I would make bad decisions that would cost the lives of many of the people who follow me.after I finished it I just wanted to play through again and make better choices and try for a better outcome.Protip: dont trust anyone... and dont waste supplies (if you run out of supplies you dont know when the next chance of getting more will be.. (thus becoming stressed and somewhat depressed watching your clansmen starve to death.)"
76561198044782315,Recommended,237990,8792691,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,dgilmore589,"Reminds me of Oregon Trail :-), but even more addicting."
76561198003014072,Recommended,237990,8792824,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kuppa,"It has been a long time since I felt I played a really good RPG. This game encompases everything I love about RPGs and haven not been able to experience with the newer blend of RPGs. These days I feel most RPGs focus too much on action. I would say Dragon Age was the closest thing I had played before the Banner Saga to the style of RPG I prefer.Banner Saga has an amaizingly good tactics combat system, composed of simple systems that put together make for a great experience. It doesn't hurt that most of the fights it feels like there is a good chance you might not make it out. The art direction was not something that drew me in at first but it grew on me very quicly and the music score was very good. Character development happens naturally and the story is a lot more interesting than what it looks at first glance. They also employ a more modern RPG approach to story with the use of constant player choices. Although they are never easy to figure out they always have interesting outcomes that shape your story.Overall I would highly recommend this game to any RPG fan. Stoic did a marvelous job and I can't wait to see what they come up with in the future."
,Recommended,237990,8793276,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Greypippin,"I hesitated for quite some time before deciding to recommend this game. Here's why.1) The game claims that every decision will be meaningful, and superficially, they are. The game provides you with nowhere near enough currency (renown) to upgrade every party member, purchase items, or maintain your supplies. Therefore, you must choose carefully where to spend your renown. However, there's no way to keep most characters from dying during a dialogue/decision. Even if they are fully upgraded, if a decisions outcome is that they will die, then there's nothing you can do except return to an earlier save. Also, the number of people in your caravan has little to no effect, except in a couple of decisions, so you may as well let them starve. Items can't be sold either, so there's little reason to invest in most of them. All this just left me feeling that there was no point to anything I was doing, as the game would arbitrarily take things from me regardless.2) The combat definitely takes some getting used to. You are forced between choosing to attack your foes armour, to deal more damage later, or their health/strength, represented by a single number, which means you can get them closer to death as well as reduce your enemy's damage when they attack. As nuanced as this makes the battles, there is never any terrain to hide behind, put archers on, or bottleneck the enemy with, so it still becomes a matter of taking your highest strength party members and trying to get the first hit on any opponent strong enough to break through your armor. There's no perma-death from battles, as far as I could tell, only a few days of recovery from being felled, so you may as well bring the same six characters until the game cheapshots them in the unknowable outcome of a dialogue or decision.3) It's very short, on the easiest difficulty it took me under 10 hours to reach the credits. It may take longer if you play on harder difficulties, but I feel the almost random nature of the consequences would make the experience futile. If you just masterfully won a battle with your last fit character at the hardest difficulty, what would you feel when a minute later when that character dies? Or half your party leaves because the plot said they would? Or because you picked the 'wrong' option, even though there was no indication what it might lead to? Better perhaps, to play on easier difficulties, where you at least feel like you can make a useful impact on the condition of your caravan.So why then, would I recommend a game which blindsides you at every turn, makes you feel like you have no meaningful agency as a player, and seems clearly designed to depress you?Because by doing those three things (and with it's incredibly beautiful rotoscoped graphic style and haunting music) it oozes the atmosphere it needs to provide an engaging story and world. If winning combat meant anything significant except less time injured, you'd have no reason to try and avoid it through your decisions. If you could keep everyone alive, you'd only pick the options which kept them so. If there was enough currency to upgrade everyone, you'd never have to worry about any single character being taken from you as you'd have a better replacement.This may be a game you will find little to no joy in, but I feel like that's what it had to be to really capture the futility and helplessness so core to it's story. I cannot help but wonder if it might have been better as an animated film/mini-series, or whether that would only have reduced the thematic power of the story. Who knows?What I can say, is that if you can approach the game as it wants to be approached (i.e. without imagining that you can 'win' or that your decisions can be 'right' instead of just 'yours'), there is definitely something worthwhile there."
,Recommended,237990,11159223,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,AbsurdParadox,This is the best version of Oregon Trail that I've ever played.
,Recommended,237990,12244349,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Psychosynth,"Great art & story. A bit sad, but it's that rare emotion that makes a game like this special."
,Recommended,237990,12271987,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BOLD & BRASH,"There have only been maybe a handful of games that I have enjoyed the art style of as much as this one; it just looks amazing. The gameplay could be absolute garbage and I would still love the game just for the visuals. That being said, the gameplay is equally as enjoyable as the graphics. I haven't played a good turn based game like this in many years and it really brought back the fun I had as a child playing games like this. While battles can be a bit challenging at times I much prefer that as opposed to being too easy.I like the almost Oregon Trail style the game takes while traveling through the large, detailed world. The decisions you're forced to make are tough, and often leave you banging your head on the table for being such a terrible decision maker. You really feel the reluctance of Rook at times when you're faced with the hard choices to make.  Occasionally some of the turns the story takes and the resulting consequences of my choices have left me literally yelling out ""NO!!"".Did I mention how much I love the art style? Great game if you like turn based combat.  Fantastic soundtrack, lots of in depth strategy to be had, and well-written characters."
76561198027065527,Recommended,237990,12273020,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Simon,Only a few hours in and thoroughly enjoying it.
,Recommended,237990,12273522,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,HoffaSaurusX,"Heartwrenching emotional game play. Every decision you make in this game feels meaningful, and you're always left wondering whether you made the right one. You actions affect the entire game, and every battle feels like an epic struggle. Feels like a more potent and in depth fire emblem."
,Recommended,237990,12336586,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Katzengott,One-of-a-kind tactical fantasy saga. I would not call it a Role Playing Game because the characters you're playing are pre-defined and all of the dialogue options suit their role - which is awesome. The story itself is beyond beautiful and gets deeper and more intriguing with almost every step you take.Although the game lacks customization it's absolutely re-playable. Around 10 hours of epic gameplay await. Only con is the real abrupt ending which leaves me waiting for a sequel. The story has just started.
76561198044619825,Recommended,237990,12342021,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,mcmorris23,"This is a gorgeous game. The graphics are amazing, voiceovers are very good, and the story is quite unique and interesting. Unlike a lot of RPGs, your choices do matter in this game, so choose carefully. There is also a significant learning curve to combat. One mistake or one wrong move can prove deadly, so spend plenty of time in training and be prepared to load up saved games and replay battles until you learn the best strategies. That said, the challenge is rewarding so it is worth taking to the time to learn how to play this game properly.This is a great game. It is certainly worth $20. Have fun."
,Recommended,237990,12330874,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Matt,"Great visual design and an original soundtrack, with some interesting ideas for combat. Unfortunately it is very repetitive and there isn't much gameplay outside of combat - and it seems like your choices actually don't matter that much. Still, I get off on this kind of animation, and the story and lore hint that something great could be done in the future, if they could just find the right gameplay to match."
76561198037076007,Recommended,237990,12126839,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,OldKrab,"An extreamly story driven rpg adventure. The atmosphere and decision making process of the game is immersive. I honestly think the game takes two playthrough to get the full experience. Combat gets a little tedious at times but with many options and an ever changling lineup of characters to use it can stay fresh. The audio is nice, but does repeat often. Play for the story nothing to inventive in gameplay. 7/10"
,Recommended,237990,12127982,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,1anc3,"Oregon Trail meets a choose-your-own adventure novel with tactical turn-based combat elements. Setting is Scandanavian fantasy.Very unique and beautiful art style that captivated me throughout the playthrough. Nothing to fault here - I don't think the artist(s) could have done a better job.I was consistently suprised by the well-balanced divergent outcomes based on the choices made in the storytelling sections. Characters were memorable and genuinely complex in some cases. Occasional twists had signifcant narrative impact.Depending on the difficultly setting, however, combat can be too easy or punishing. Could have been fine-tuned more.Is clearly set up for expansions and follow-ups, which I hope happen. As a result, though, I was left with a somewhat unsatisfied feeling at the end of the game.Overall, a very impressive Kickstarter-backed game. Worth it for the visuals alone, in my view.8/10"
76561198037001643,Not Recommended,237990,12128279,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ChordataXVII,"This game is bad and I feel bad for buying it.  I haven't gotten that far in but I already know I've got many many more games I already bought that I want to play more than this.  I can't speak for the whole game, but I will tell you the one sticking point that really burned away any hope of me liking this.  The combat system.  It's TERRIBLE.  Honestly, it's the worst combat system I think I've ever seen.  It feele like whoever came up with it didn't understand how to make a combat system and that it wasn't playtested at all.In the first two hours I learned the most important rule of combat, the fewer people you have, the better your chances of winning.  Think about that, how many games penalize you for having more people on your side?  At this point in the game every single fight plays out the same.  The enemy sends all their people, and I sed out ONE archer.  The enemy gets a turn, then I get a turn.  As long as my one archer stays out of the range of the next guy on the opponents list I have the entire fight to run around taking pot shots at everything.  Fights become this tedious slog as I have a single archer reducing every enemy's hit points to 1 so that I can shoot them all down when I'm ready to exit bullettime.One archer takes out entire armies.  My archer is Jet Li from The One now, unstoppable killing machine.  This flaw makes the game unsalvagable, whatever else the game is, enough of it is combat that I can't overlook it.  I figured it out in two hours or so, SOMEONE had to have noticed this while they were making the game.  If you're any good at games, don't get this one.  If you want it for the art and story, buy it on sale, then throw it in the pile of games you'll never play and go watch it on youtube so you can skip the fight scenes."
,Recommended,237990,12129121,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,xerxes_umbrology,This game is awesome! Just so amazingly great. I wish all games were of this quality.
76561198075581768,Recommended,237990,12129423,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Gyu,It is the end of the world and you will feel it.
76561198128646836,Recommended,237990,12130199,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Cynric Cyning,"Spot on: great atmosphere, meaty SRPG combat and an engaging story."
76561198004037157,Recommended,237990,12161424,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Flash Mandicoon,"Poorly constructed ending, with limited explantion or any sort of continuation.Apparently the 1st game in a trilogy, which is acceptable, but still a poor ending.Would still recommend, but you will be surprised how quickly its ends."
76561198063157822,Recommended,237990,12161749,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Jesus,"This game was an absolutely amazing experiance, the way they got you to make decisions that would change the outcome was done really well, considering normally there is only two options was the case with this game most of the time which gave alot of variety.- Possible spoiler, so only read if you don't mind.I also really like the way personally which I think the game was unpredictable cause some of the decisions which I thought were going to save the most people was probably the completely wrong way to do it and one of the companions I trusted the most turned out to be the ""bad guy"" in the group which really surprised me. Unfortunaly the ending as much as I really liked it could have been better as their was only two options which I though was ashame considering most of the game you had so much variety.Bare in mind I've only done one playthrough at the moment I plan on doing more to find out the alternate routes, I'll update my review when I've done so.... But apart from that I would really recommend this game and give it a 10/10.Really looking forward to Banner Saga II !!!"
76561198052651326,Not Recommended,237990,12162947,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Bright,"I expected something different from this game, but nevertheless it was fun. For genre lovers it's a good go to buy this game. There are plenty of different tactics to choose from and a bunch of tough decisions to make. The fights are quite challenging but feasible - the developers found a good balance in it.Unfortunately the generally nice storyline just stops totally unsolved at the end of the game. There is a hard cut and you have many questions pending to be solved... It's just like reading a book only half through,,,For a game built upon such a strong storyline the end is not acceptable for me. I am not satisfied after finishing the game and because of this fact, I can not recommend it."
,Recommended,237990,12167476,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Radagast,"Stunningly beautitul game, frustratingly cruel and very entertaining"
,Recommended,237990,8724878,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Snuggles Please,"This is Just a beautiful work of Art. The turn based combat is thrilling and the landscapes are stunning, do yourself a favour and grab this little gem."
76561197977834503,Recommended,237990,8724926,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,hayburner,more like this plz
,Recommended,237990,8725071,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,A Real Horrorshow Droog,Like the Walking Dead except actually a good game. Side Note: Strategy RPG.
76561198020470883,Recommended,237990,8725177,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Prometheus4208,"If you aren't quite sure what this is, the gameplay is basically a grid/turn based battle system like you'd see in Final Fantasy Tactics. It's over head though, not 3D (no screen rotating, height variations, etc).The character development and story progression is a lot like XCOM. Your characters have different classes, advance slowly (at first), they can be injured and have to rest after battle before they are usable again and naturally - strategy plays a huge part, in both development and battles.Furthermore, you are constantly making meaningful decisions. Again, it's like XCOM. You'll get a request to help a small village under attack. If you deny it, some of your followers may get upset and leave. If you agree, you might gain some resources or even a new item or character. However this always comes at a cost. After a battle you'll be forced to camp out and rest, which uses up your valuable supplies.If anyone is still reading, ill drop some simple Pros and Cons based on my first few hours with the game.+Beautiful artwork and Soundtrack (Yup, just like everyone else is saying)+Familiar, yet inventive battle system. Refreshing and surprising to someone like me, who has played dozens of SRPGs.+The story keeps you involved. It's not just paragraph after paragraph. You're constantly making decisions and they tend to be rather blunt about most scenarios. There isn't a whole lot of filler but it still remains engaging.+So far I've played with about 7-8 different classes. They seem pretty similar at first, but youll quickly learn their differences on the battlefield.+Just flat out fun. Frankly, im pretty surprised to play a game like this on the PC. It seems more like a console game... and there's nothing wrong with that.-ONLY AUTOSAVES, no manual! I kind of get why they did this, but it doesn't negate how glaringly absent it is. A prime example: I decided to raid a village that had been invaded. I fought a tough battle and won. Immediately after, I was given the option to finish off any other enemies and possibly gain some loot or to let them get away. Naturally, I chose the loot.... and died. Being the treasure hog that I am, I knew that I wanted to reload and try again. However I was given no such option. I ended the scene and had to rest a few days to let me heroes recover. I went to go and manually load -- but the autosave was for when I finished the battle, the only other option was to reload the chapter (which would have meant replaying about 45mins of gameplay).-Pretty bland tutorial. It does the job, but trust me, youll find yourself saying 'wait, what just happened' fairly often. Just be prepared, it's kind of trial and error for a little while.-The first 4 hours have been pretty confusing and a little overwhelming. You basically play the story from 2 different perspectives and have to switch back and forth between two armies. It works, but don't be surprised if you find yourself in some training battles just to get used to all the new characters they throw at you.A final note, the preorder character was absolutely worth the preorder. He's my favorite character so far and hes actually pretty damn good in battle. I'd suggest picking him up if they release DLC down the road."
76561198037786518,Recommended,237990,8725432,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ѕplaѕнy dolpнιn,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Not since Diablo 2 have I been so entranced by a game's artwork. The gameplay is tough and harkens back to the uber-addictive Heroes of Might and Magic 3 style of turn-based strategy. What i'm saying is that The Banner Saga is filling two deep holes that have sat vacant for over a decade inside me...marinate on that. play the game.
76561197986991105,Recommended,237990,8725586,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Dagoth Nick,"It's the Oregon Trail, but with depressed giants and vikings instead of settlers and a looming darkness that seeks to unravel prophecy and the world alike instead of dysentary."
,Recommended,237990,8725630,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,@moftsoney,"Fire Emblem + King of Dragon Pass = Banner Saga. Great tactical rpg, worth a buy."
76561198035368968,Recommended,237990,8726091,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Oirien,"Its awesome, lovely art style, complementing the awesome story, and its about vikings what isnt to love. Go! Go buy it now!"
76561198002966362,Recommended,237990,8726144,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Fire Lotus,"Medicore strategic combat.Medicore management of caravan supplies/character level progresson.---Fortunately, I play RPGs for the narrative and man this has an AMAZING STORY.Geme of Thrones-esque consquences for bad decisions (main characters die).But there's less than 10 hours of actual story development and it ends on a MASSIVE, TABLEFLIPPING cliffhanger.Those really invested in the story, brace yourself for the credit roll right at the climax of the game. It's akin to getting ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped in the face then being blindsided with a crudgel.For those really, REALLY invested in the story, pray for part 2. Sad part is no release date yet :("
76561198011426093,Recommended,237990,8761273,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Bonesbrooke,I can't believe how much I love this game! If it's a decent price buy it....BUY IT!...but be forwarned...theres a big cliffhanger
,Recommended,237990,8761314,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,cosmonaut,"ruled pretty hard, though the ending was odd. totally worth buying"
,Recommended,237990,8761330,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Drex,"The Banner Saga is such a refreshing game on so many levels, the influences are very noticable, but it all feels remarably fresh. The visuals are stunning at times and it's one of those games that really made me wish I was an artist. This fatasy world Stoic has created is something remarkable and, as far as I know, new to video games. There are no dwarves, elves or other things you might expect from the 'fantasy' genre, but rather something entirely new. Gameplay to me was the weakest part, it is engaging and fun to play, and weak for this game is still very strong, but I felt myself wanting to finish a battle quick just to see where the story went. It's very easy to sink many hours into this game. Be warned though while it clocks in at around a 10 hour or so play through, this is the first part of a larger series, so don't expect a full conclusion. There is only one major issue I had and that was that I wish more of it was voice acted, most of the cutscenes are, but the rest is just text. Even though I got over that very quickly, it would have added so much to the game in my personal opinion. If you are like me and have always wanted a hand drawn Disney style Viking themed dark fantasy RPG that plays like the love child of Fire Emblem and The Organ Trail, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,237990,8761400,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,nivlaps,"Beautifully crafted game; art and music is wonderful. The battles are a bit monotonous, but the storyline more than makes up for it. Kind of like reading and interactive book more than a traditional gaming experience - but also the first game of this kind to leave me truly enthralled. It is a bit short though. I don't think I would bother going back through this chapter and the price only gave me 26h worth of gaming. Which is perhaps a lot of storytelling, including graphics and music, but very little ""game"" compared to the 100+ hours worth of entertainment I get from the other games I play. But all in all an experience you shouldn't miss out on."
,Recommended,237990,8761464,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Phocus,"""Beau·ti·ful- pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.""Sum up what this game is. A great game of style & strategy."
76561198000842630,Recommended,237990,8761708,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,BouncyFerret,OH SO LOVELY <3 AND THE BEAUTY OF THE LAND <3
76561197968456018,Recommended,237990,8762410,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Kain,"Ok, I killed the hero I most liked, half of my clansmen are dead and I think I lost my hope in humanity. This game is like Game of Thrones. Nobody is save and every decision you make is wrong! Or maybe I suck as a leader."
,Recommended,237990,8762758,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Cynath,Absolutely beautiful. Great game in its own right!
76561198018105571,Recommended,237990,8762853,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Storyteller,A challenging but fun game set in a well designed world. It's one of the best games I have bought in over a year!10 out of 10!
,Recommended,237990,8763056,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ryan,"This game really suprised me.  At first glance it seems like a simple turn based strategy combat game, but it has so much more.  Beautiful art and music backed up with an amazing story full of meaninful and fun decisions.  It's often called Viking Oregon Trail, but that is not a bad thing.  After the ending I was itching for more and I can't wait to see the next game in the planned trilogy expand the world and continue on with my story."
76561198064311104,Recommended,237990,8763222,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,sismondbang,"An upgraded ""Oregon Trails"" with a combat system akin to Final Fantasy Tactics in the backdrop of a world that is the Norse ""Game of Thrones"".  I've played through this game, it is excellent, and I cannot wait for the sequel."
76561198009065548,Recommended,237990,8764889,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,kilorawg09,"Just started playing the game and so far I love it. You really need to form deep strategies just to win the battles. Haven't seen how my choices affect the caravans yet but I can't wait to see what consequences come about. The very first thing that captured my attention about this game though was the artwork of it all. They couldn't have gone in a better direction for what they were trying to do here. It works very well for the game and the animations are amazing. So far this game is totally worth the $25. If you're still thinking about waiting to get this game, don't wait. Help out this developer and buy it now. You'll be glad you did."
76561197970960574,Recommended,237990,8765597,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Habeas Dorkus,This game is so beautiful. Buy it!
76561197990539399,Recommended,237990,8766337,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,LOVEFIST,"1) Beautiful artwork and music. This game is gorgeous to behold and the music and sound effects are quite immersive.2) Autosave only.3) A huge map with interesting locations, but you never get to choose where you are going.4) Combat is challenging even on normal mode, but I really did not care for the design choices of the turn based tactical combat. For example, you cannot attack diagonally, unless you are a spearman (spearmen are OP). You probably won't hate it once you get used to it.5) Great story, but this is THE MOST DEPRESSING GAME I have ever played.I will probably play a few more times to see what differences my choices will make, plus. I had no idea what I was in for the first play through.POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILER BELOWThe final mission makes you take along a party member who you may not have bothered to level ... this was one of two major complaints. It really gimped me the final boss battle. The other major complaint / design flaw that gimped me for the final battle is that there is no opportunity to rest your party members back to health before engaging the encounter. I had to bump the difficulty down to easy just to finish the game because of this."
,Recommended,237990,8744866,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Bernard Marx,"Beautiful, enjoyable, excellent."
76561198007663027,Recommended,237990,8745378,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Brygun,The game can be looked on in a few parts:1) Viking style artwork. Actually kinda cool. I find it does draw one into the setting.2) Combat chessboard. Actually pretty screwy. If one side only has 2 pieces (people) and the other 6 it still switches back and forth so that those 2 guys go lots of times in a round. Ranged combat is also kinda wonky. Realistic combat? Not even close. Very much a gamey clicky choices.3) Story. Actually interesting story. You do get some choice in RP situations. As it is a fixed plotline any replay will take back through those same choices.Ovearll... a decent purchase. I was looking for setting so 4 out of 5.
,Recommended,237990,8745989,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TheKai,A great story & you feel the effect of your choices. Be prepared to loose ppl and make though choices at every turn. A great game
76561197971825130,Recommended,237990,8746392,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Haapy,"I'd recommend it, if nothing else because it's a story-driven tactical rpg. It's not as good as I was hoping... rather formulaic fight-story-fight-story with very little choice or variation, but what is there is pretty engaging. Nothing like the hey-day of rpgs, but I'll take what I can get in today's pure rpg famine."
,Recommended,237990,8746859,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Tall Paul,"Featuring reat artwork, this game keeps throwing tough decisions at you, in both the combat and the dialogue."
,Recommended,237990,8746980,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Aegz. #RustyAsFck,Pretty great game overall. The voices were sub-par but the gameplay mechanics made up for it.
,Recommended,237990,8714476,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,codyvidal,Please give this game a chance. I've never been so engaged in a games story in a long time. I highly recommend this to everyone.
,Recommended,237990,8748434,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Statistx,"Love this game. I played through it and the length was ok.Could have been longer, but I guess that's valid for every game nowadays and only shows that I enjoyed it.Artstyle is great obviously, I enjoyed the decisions (but have to play a second time to see if they really have an impact), story and the fighting is decent too.With the ""Hitpoints also represent the strenght of your attack"" it was a nice unique feel in an otherwise usual turn based strategy portion.Only thing I'd love to see expanded was the options you have during the travel and maybe more town interaction.Suggestions: Let me choose more routes, hunt in camps, talk with people more often in non-story events and possibly a little micromanagement with food rationing and similar things you know from Oregon Trail.I'd also love to see more games leaning towards viking and their mythologie (even though it's just slightly based on it)"
76561198006527747,Recommended,237990,8713087,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Nutrodamus,"Update 01/17/2014: Finished the game after 13 hours.  Hopefully they will add more.  It kind of leaves the story dangling other than that and the previous issues game is awesome.01/15/2014 - So far this game rocks!  Graphic style is amazing.  I love all the detail.  Turn based strategy with some RPG elements.  If you liked games like final fantasy tactics or xcom series you will love this.  You earn renown for making ""right"" decisions and in battle.  There are a couple different types of resources in the game.  Soldiers are broken up into two groups either Val or fighters there are also clan members but I don't know what if any good they do so far.  One story line just has you trying to keep your clan alive so maybe if you run out you lose?  Renown ends up being the currency that is used to buy items or supplies.  Supplies are used on your travels and if you run out there is starvation and even death.  Great blend of storytelling, battle and decisions.  You also get a fair amount of warriors to use in your personal battles.Drawbacks: Had a game crash a couple hours in but too early to tell if that will be an issue.  No subtitles which I like because of the amount of noise that can be present at my house.  Also the save game is only auto save this kind of sucks.  I had a game crash after a couple battles and will need to replay if you are going to make it autosave at least autosave more often."
,Recommended,237990,8748921,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Kraz,"So far this is absolutely fantastic. I wasn't sure about the art style going in, but can summarize in one word: Beautiful. The voice acting is top notch and the game mechanics are excellent. Turn based strategy that reminds me of the addictive Fire Emblem (minus the strict rock, paper, scissors ruleset) blended with great story telling. I have to admit that I do have a fondness for all things Norse, so this is right up my alley."
,Recommended,237990,8749103,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cray,"A must own for any strategy fan, the story line drives the player to continue playing but it's game mechanics are unique, characters each have seperate personalities and abilities during combat. A great game and a must buy. Visually, the game is absolutely beautiful, if for nothing else, purchase the game just for it's sprawling beautiful landscapes."
76561197970701658,Recommended,237990,8749277,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Eye Tyrant,"Compelling story, brutal choices, and fun strategic combat. Oh, and ridiculously gorgeous. Highly recommended."
76561197979821755,Recommended,237990,8749597,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,msemanko,"What a great game this is.  Fantastic RPG, stellar art and music, and a great storyline with a number of surprises.  While the path taken is linear, similar to Oregon Trail, the choices that are made along the way can really come back to bite you (or help...).  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237990,8749607,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,NCGuthwulf,The art and the story are compelling. The game makes you want to raise your fist in victory and then punch the screen in frustration. Highly recommended. Turn based combat that is surprisingly deep.
76561198011200296,Recommended,237990,8749644,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Low Flying Frying Pan,"I'm going to say first and foremost: that the music, atmosphere and carefully crafted scapes are immediately engrossing.  Within a short time of learning the basics and running through the tutorial,  The game compels a very nuanced degree of giddy adnventure and stark contrast of savagery against a simple but gorgeous dated animation-syle. I found the frosty environs of the detailed backgrounds and low-tones of overtures welling a sense of frigid cold and prideful bitterness in me.  A stoutness that has driven me to delve further into the story.  I love this game ...Let's just get the nit-picks out of the way.  Though I am immediately smitten with the game, I stumble through the text-dialogue at times, as it lacks a consistent flow.  Strange wording and grammer choices throw me around every now and then.  This tends to break immersion, but given that, I'm still logging hours in the title.  As for the interface, it can be mildly to moderately frustrating.  My frustrations seem to mount over extended play until a boiling point is achieved.  I often find myself struggling to direct the mouse over the proper tile, or scrmabling to click the proper reticule.  If the game wasn't turn-based or included timing-based elements, I'd probably drive my head into the edge of a counter-top to relieve the strain.  The animated sequences of story are too far apart, which is a shame given that the flowing sequences are abso-goddamn-lutely beautiful.  All-in-all, that's not even close to enough to really knock the game over.Aside from quibbles with the controls, I am completely stricken dumb by the gameplay.  The inventory and class structures are simplistic, almost minimalist, but in a diversity of classes and materials the game shines.  The battles aren't sweeping thrash-metal explosions, but cruciall and hard engagements of suffering the betweens of a rock and a hard-place.  Some stages leave me swelling with a barbaric sense of superiority as I lay waste to my opposition, but frequently and easily the game pushes the player into almost feeling helpless at points.  The tiny combinations of the limited characters, items and promotions lends to the strategy of the engagements in the campaign.  I'm pressed between the smallest of choices, that often spell grand victory or horrific disaster for my party and its individuals.  An affair I'm not well-adjusted to, as over the years the shellshock of skill-trees, upgrades and endless xp grinds found in other titles I am too busy managing unlocks and minutia rather than focusing on the deciding battles of the storyline.  The Banner Saga excels in forcing my attentions elsewhere with its minimalist approach and striking visuals.  A fact that I am grateful for, the change in pace, environments and stylization is a welcomed experience."
,Recommended,237990,12043858,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ymedron,"Very much like this game.It's got really good art style and high quality artwork. I was sucked into the stories of the characters very quickly. I was even persuaded into... foolish actions... because of sentiment.This game is one that might suffer from savescumming, getting the ""best"" result from trial and error feels much less satisfying than using your own judgement. (of course also reduces replay value)One thing I must complain about is how heavy it is on the gpu (I think that's the term), as a couple of hours of gameplay make it heat up considerably."
,Recommended,237990,12047641,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,SB | WriterV,"Probably one of the most beautiful and immersive RPGs I have played in a while. Beautiful art, beautiful music, and an immersive world with genuinely interesting and intriguing lore. The only few downsides include the fact that you are abruptly placed into the story, which means the player will have to carefully register which character is which, and what they do. But other than that, a great job overall!"
76561198118958395,Recommended,237990,12117045,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,.ICE,"The banner saga.great game.the story was well told with beautiful soundtracks even some enough to make me shed some tears,the battles were quite challenging aswell.waiting for the sequel.10/10"
,Recommended,237990,12117851,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Demontechie,"A bit before reaching Sigrholm, I'd made a joke that this was Oregon Trail meets Beowulf.Then shortly later I laughed myself breathless. It truly is.10/10!"
,Recommended,237990,12036841,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dingbat,"If you want a gripping story on the level of Game of Thrones and challenging tactical combat, then get this game! only reason I don't have more hours logged in this game is because of the pain of losing Gunnulf was honestly too much..."
,Recommended,237990,12037335,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,"""The Wok"" Johnson","A beautiful, atmospheric, story-based game. 9/10"
76561198045293451,Recommended,237990,12038434,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Uba,"Amazing title, buy it now."
76561198048991013,Recommended,237990,12039004,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,FlamingFighter,"All-around excellent game. It's 50% visual novel, 50% turn-based tabletop strategy, and 100% awesome. The art and animation are not only beautiful, but they also render on pretty much any PC, so no need to worry about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ specs (like mine!) The core mechanic is well-designed, and the entire game works well to deliver the grim aesthetic of starving on a march for survival.A bit of a warning, though: parts of the storyline are weird. The vast majority of cosmic events in the universe are utterly unexplained, and when the game ends, you end up wondering where all the loose ends went. (Possible sequel? Unlikely, considering this was a Kickstarted project designed to be stand-alone. But I'll keep hoping!)"
76561198032072324,Recommended,237990,12039218,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Kahvipannu,"It's great, nuff said."
76561197977035514,Recommended,237990,12039899,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Gyrebox,This game is a animated tale set in the world of viking mythology and really makes for a splendor to watch as you fight and be part of a cartoon. The story is short but deep with culture and begs more of your interest to be a part of it. The choose your own adventure aspect was fun and helped build your set of choices and consquences. This game is a great idea among a flood of 3dCG  productions and refreshing. I love it.
,Recommended,237990,12040000,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Lysus,I really can't recommend this game enough.  The art is beautiful and it plays like a nostalgic throwback to Oregon Trail while also adding a tactical RPG element that's great fun.
76561198015399489,Recommended,237990,12040969,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,vortex,"Holy crap this game is good.  The story is great and has multiple paths, and the combat is different and interesting too.  My only complaint is you can max out your characters way too quickly."
76561198043764685,Recommended,237990,12040983,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,CREEPY WAFFLE,"Art is amazing, gameplay isn't that great, but it's still alright."
,Recommended,237990,12041073,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"this game is very atmospheric, has a great story and for the $10 i paid, i enjoyed it.however, this game's combat is trash. i have no problem with the tactical turn based style. the problem is that in order for that style to work you have to create a system where there is ONE set of rules, and everyone must abide by it, friend or foe.this game does not do that. your enemies can straight up cheat. they are not bound by anything even resembling the same rules you are, it turns the combat into a tedious chore to see the next cutscene, at best, and at worst nearly impossible.also, the supply system is more needless faff that adds nothing to the game, but lets it pretend it's SODEEP because your choices can cause you to lose supplies. of course, it's mostly meaningless, as clansmen are worthless and you can just run from battle when you encounter it in the campaign screen. it just feels like needless padding.that said, i still enjoyed the game. in easy mode it's about 6 hours long, and in harder modes it's padded out by fake difficulty as your enemies cheat harder and harder, forcing you to redo the tedious♥♥♥♥♥battles.don't pay more than $10 for this game."
,Recommended,237990,12381367,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,AKBanse,"saga [sah-guh] noun1. A medieval Icelandic or Norse prose narrative of achievements and events in the history of a personage, family, etc.This is truely a saga of beautiful proportions as a tale of Norse-style lands.  The art is wonderfully done to express the story like aspect of this game and give it a picture book style.  What I find even more wonderful is the dialog that pulls the player into this created world and lets you experience the events of the times by making difficult choices without fully knowing what outcomes might arise from it.  With all the options available, I can only wonder what would have turned out differently if I had played as a more stern character rather than my open and accepting self.Lastly, I will just comment on the combat mechanics.  They are simple and complex at the same time, giving way to fun tactics that will let you pull an enemies armor apart before laying heavily into that target.  As your damage and health are tied to eachother, it sometimes becomes important to rely on characters who can do consistent damage without needing to need their strength/health full.  The end encounter can be very frustrating, but stick with it and enjoy all that this game has to offer."
